CITIBUSINESS
Home
|
CitiBusiness
CitiBusiness .
Take your business further .
Today 's Small and Medium Enterprises are the multinationals of the future .
CitiBusiness is your partner to help propel your business forward , delivering cost effective solutions across borders with a flexibility that is unmatched by our competitors .
We devote our personal attention to deliver the best financial solutions for your business .
September 22 , 2008
Quotes from this video :
� this is the Agent Orange of this occupation .
This weapon has no purpose in Iraq granted this was during the initial invasion .
So I , maybe , can understand its deployment .
But , let�s be clear here depleted uranium is an anti-armor weapon� the Iraqis do not have armor .
They don�t have tanks .
They don�t have bombers .
Why are we using this ?
And again I urge you to do the research yourselves .
I can quickly say that we�re using this because it�s a way to get rid of atomic waste .
We do not know what to do with that .
We �re poisoning our soldiers , we are poisoning the people of Iraq , but make no mistake we are poisoning the people of the world .
I can test every single person in this room and I can find depleted uranium in your hair .
The VA has continually denied my request to be tested for depleted uranium .
This letter clearly shows that they �re saying a test doesn�t even exist .
And I will say for the record , a test does exist , it�s the wrong test .
It �s the urinalysis that �s used to detect exposure , immediate exposure .
The problem with depleted uranium is that these particles dig deep within your body , and you will not find them in your urine after a couple days .
You need a very expensive test� one the VA us certainly not willing to pay for .
But I would also like to point out that the VA does recognize the danger of depleted uranium , while they might not want to test for it , or talk about it , or give us any briefings on it .
That round on impact aerosols and vaporizes and these particles go up in the air , and that�s why I was saying I can test every single one of you and find it in your hair .
These particles blow up into the atmosphere and are disseminated all around the entire globe .
They have found depleted uranium on the skin of NASA vehicles in space .
We are changing the entire genome of our planet : human beings , cats and dogs , plants .
We are changing the genetic makeup of our planet by using these munitions in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Palin mocks : Obama regrets not picking Hillary now Mike Sheehan
Published : Friday September 12 , 2008
Print This Email This Sarah Palin , running mate of Republican presidential nominee John McCain , says she believes Democratic candidate Barack Obama is rueing his decision to pass on Hillary Clinton as his choice for veep .
" I think he 's regretting not picking her now , I do , " the Alaska governor told Charlie Gibson in the last portion of an exclusive interview series with ABC News .
" What , what determination , and grit , and even grace through some tough shots that were fired her way -- she handled those well . "
Sen. Obama ( D - IL ) chose Delaware senator Joe Biden after a long and contentious battle with Sen. Clinton ( D - NY ) for the Democratic nod which resulted in hard feelings between the camps that are still being smoothed over .
In the interview , airing tonight , Palin also praised Rep. Geraldine Ferraro , a Clinton ally who famously criticized the Obama campaign during the primaries .
Clinton , notes ABC's Russell Goldman , " has been reluctant to criticize Palin " as the presidential race enters its final weeks .
" We should all be proud of Governor Sarah Palin 's historic nomination , and I congratulate her and Senator McCain , " wrote Clinton after Palin made her national debut as McCain 's choice of VP .
" While their policies would take America in the wrong direction , Governor Palin will add an important new voice to the debate . "
Yet a key supporter of both Clinton and Obama , Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz ( D - FL ) , had this reaction to Palin 's comments : " Sarah Palin should spare us the phony sentiment and respect .
Governor Palin accused Senator Clinton of whining and John McCain laughed when a questioner referred to her by using a demeaning expletive .
John McCain and Sarah Palin represent no meaningful change , just the same failed policies and same divisive , demeaning politics that has devastated the middle class . "
Elsewhere in Palin 's interview with Gibson , she addresses her involvement in the " Bridge to Nowhere " fiscal fiasco that has gained steam recently in the press .
Palin " withdrew support of the bridge slated to be built with $ 398 million in federal funds to a small island with 50 residents , " Goldman notes , " after the project became synonymous with wasteful government earmarks . "
Palin told Gibson that " she never fought for the bridge but was instead in favor of money used to improve Alaska 's infrastructure . "
Goldman reports that Alaska " still received the federal funds even though the bridge project was nixed . "
Roe v.
Wade was also addressed , with Palin , a staunch pro-lifer , saying she feels the landmark Supreme Court decision should be reversed with the power to decide on the issue being returned to the states .
" I do respect other people 's opinion on this , " she said , but " a culture of life is best for America . "
When Gibson asked about abortion in cases of rape and incest , Palin replied that it was her " personal opinion " that abortion should only be permitted if the life of the mother was in danger .
Media reaction to Palin 's interview series has been unflattering , with the Associated Press noting her lack of understanding of Bush administration foreign policy and The New York Times calling her performance " strained . "
Robert Schlesinger of U.S. News & World Report quipped , " We know she can memorize the talking points , but does she understand them ? "
Want to help write the next chapter in the Story of Stuff ?
Whatever you have to offer , a better future needs it !
Take our Changemaker Personality Quiz to see what role you can play in the movement .
Take the quiz
Help ORG respond to UK consultation on illicit p2
p
Last month , the Government announced it would be consulting with the public on ways to curb illicit filesharing .
ORG will be developing a response to the consultation over the next two months and we ’d like your help .
We ’ve put the Executive Summary of the consultation document online .
Please use our interactive consultation tool to tell us what you think of the Government ’s options for combating illicit filesharing .
The Government ’s “ preferred ” option is to have codes of practice designed by ISPs and rightsholders in collaboration with OfCom , which oblige ISPs to take action against subscribers to their network believed to infringing copyright over p2 p .
This includes taking action against “ repeat infringers ” , although the document is short on detail about what such action might entail .
Several other options are outlined :
Option A1 : Streamlining the existing process by requiring ISPs to provide personal data relating to a given IP address to rights holders on request without them needing to go to Court .
: Streamlining the existing process by requiring ISPs to provide personal data relating to a given IP address to rights holders on request without them needing to go to Court .
Option A2 : Requiring ISPs ( by law ) to take direct action against users who are identified ( by the rights holder ) as infringing copyright through P2P
: Requiring ISPs ( by law ) to take direct action against users who are identified ( by the rights holder ) as infringing copyright through P2P Option A3 : Allocating a third party body to consider evidence provided by rights holders and to direct ISPs to take action against individual users as required , or to take action directly against individual users .
: Allocating a third party body to consider evidence provided by rights holders and to direct ISPs to take action against individual users as required , or to take action directly against individual users .
Option A4 : Requiring that ISPs allow the installation of filtering equipment that will block infringing content ( to reduce the level of copyright infringement taking place over the internet ) or requiring ISPs themselves to install filtering equipment that will block infringing content .
Options A3 and A4 mirror developments in other countries in Europe , such as the Olivennes Bill in France , or court cases in Belgium and Ireland brought by rightsholders to compel ISPs to install filtering equipment .
Click here to leave your comments on the Government ’s options for dealing with illicit filesharers .
You can download the full text of the consultation document here [ pdf ] .
See also the separate article on the mechanics of converting an existing bike to fixed gear :
I still feel that variable gears are only for people over forty - five .
Is n't it better to triumph by the strength of your muscles than by the artifice of a derailer ?
We are getting soft ... As for me , give me a fixed gear !
-- Henri Desgrange , L'Équipe article of 1902
What is a Fixed - Gear Bicycle , and Why Would You Want One ?
he oldest and simplest type of bicycle is the " fixed - gear " bicycle .
This is a single - speed bike without a freewheel : that is , whenever the bike is in motion , the pedals will go around .
You can not coast on a fixed - gear machine .
any enthusiastic cyclists ride such bicycles by choice , at least part of the time .
Why would anybody do that ?
It is not easy to put into words .
There is an almost mystical connection between a fixed - gear cyclist and bicycle : it feels like an extension of your body to a greater extent than does a freewheel - equipped machine .
If you are an enthusiastic , vigorous cyclist , you really should give it a try .
There are many reasons , including : Fun , Fitness , Form , Feel & ' Ficciency !
Fixed for Fun
t takes a bit of practice to become comfortable on a fixed gear .
Most cyclists , trying it for the first time , will automatically try to coast once the bike gets up to a certain speed .
The bike will not allow this , and it is disconcerting .
It takes a couple of weeks of regular riding to unlearn the impulse to coast , and become at ease on a fixed gear .
It is worth going through this learning experience , however , because once you do so , you will discover a new joy in cycling .
When you ride a fixed gear , you feel a closer communion with your bike and with the road .
There is a purity and simplicity to the fixed - gear bicycle that can be quite seductive .
Somehow , once you get past the unfamiliarity , it is just more fun than riding a bike with gears and a freewheel !
If you wo n't take my word for it , read some Fixed - Gear Testimonials .
Fixed for Fitness and Form
iding a fixed gear on the road is excellent exercise .
When you need to climb , you do n't need to think about when to change gears , because you do n't have that option .
Instead , you know that you must just stand up and pedal , even though the gear is too high for maximum climbing efficiency .
This makes you stronger .
If you have the option of gearing down and taking a hill at a slow pace , it is easy to yield to the temptation .
When you ride a fixed gear , the need to push hard to get up the hills forces you to ride at a higher intensity than you otherwise might .
Really steep hills may make you get off and walk , but the hills you are able to climb , you will climb substantially faster than you would on a geared bicycle .
When you descend , you can't coast , but the gear is too low .
This forces you to pedal at a faster cadence than you would choose on a multi-speed bicycle .
High - cadence pedaling improves the suppleness of your legs .
High rpm's force you to learn to pedal in a smooth manner -- if you do n't , you will bounce up and down in the saddle .
Most cyclists coast far too much .
Riding a fixed - gear bike will break this pernicious habit .
Coasting breaks up your rhythm and allows your legs to stiffen up .
Keeping your legs in motion keeps the muscles supple , and promotes good circulation .
Fixed for Feel
fixed gear gives you a very direct feel for traction conditions on slippery surfaces .
This makes a fixed gear particularly suitable for riding in rainy or icy conditions .
This same feel for traction will help you learn exactly how hard you can apply your front brake without quite lifting the rear off the ground .
Most fixed - gear riders only use a front brake - - a rear brake is quite unnecessary on a fixed - gear machine .
Because you are more solidly connected to the bike , you have better control of it in bumpy conditions or in difficult corners .
On any road bike , the rider must learn to un - weight the saddle to ride over bumps .
Most cyclists coast to do this .
A fixed - gear rider will learn to " post " over bumps without breaking stride .
Fixed for ( e ) Fficiency
fixed - gear bike is considerably lighter than a multi-speed bike of comparable quality , due to the absence of the rear brake , derailers , shift levers , and extra sprockets .
A fixed - gear bike also has a substantially shorter chain .
A properly set - up fixed gear has a perfectly straight chainline .
This , plus the absence of derailer pulleys , makes a real improvement in the drive - train efficiency , an improvement you can feel .
Types of Fixed - Gear Bicycles
any people think of fixed - gear bikes and track bikes as synonymous , but they are n't .
Track Bicycles
Track bicycles are designed for use on velodromes ( bicycle tracks ) .
Some riders do ride them on the road , but they are less than ideal for road use .
Track bicycles are set apart from road bicycles by more than the fixed gear .
Track bicycles do not have brakes .
Brakes are unnecessary on tracks , since everybody is moving in the same direction , and none of the other cyclists you are riding with can stop any faster than you can .
( Most tracks forbid the use of bikes that have brakes , as a safety measure ! )
It is possible to fit a brake to some track bikes , but it is often quite difficult , due to the extremely tight frame clearances .
Extremely short - reach brakes are needed .
Track bike fork blades are usually round instead of oval , as those of a road bike are .
This makes them stiffer and more rigid laterally , a good thing for hard out - of - the - saddle sprinting , which can apply considerable side loads .
Unfortunately , they are less rigid front - to - back , so if you fit a brake , the fork may flex objectionably when the brake is applied .
The frame geometry of a track bike is also different from that of a road bike .
Since tracks do n't have bumps or potholes , they are built stiffer , with more - upright frame angles .
This is good for maneuverability , but causes them to ride harshly on real - world pavement .
In addition , track bikes have very tight tire clearance , since there is no reason to use any but the narrowest tires on the track .
This can limit your choices for on - road use .
Track bikes do n't have quick - release wheels , making it harder to fix a flat on the road .
Track bikes do n't permit the mounting of fenders , limiting their usefulness in sloppy conditions .
Some riders do prefer to ride track bikes on the road , especially those who are or were into track racing , and have become used to the feel of a track bike .
Track - bike riding has attained cult status in New York City , in particular .
If you 're interested in track racing , check out If you 're interested in track racing , check out the Cycling News site
Fixed - Gear Road Bicycles
espite the coolness factor of true track bikes , a fixed - gear road bicycle is what I would recommend for the road cyclist in search of the benefits of fixed - gear riding .
This would typically be an older road bike , modified into a fixed - gear machine .
Most older " ten-speeds " are good candidates for this sort of modification .
These bikes have the appropriate geometry for comfortable road riding , come with brakes , quick - release wheels , fender clearance , sometimes even water - bottle braze - ons .
You could buy a ready - made fixed - gear road bike , but I have a detailed article on Fixed Gear Conversions
You could buy a ready - made fixed - gear road bike , but I have a detailed article onthat will help you build your own .
Fixed - gear Mountain Bikes
fixed - gear mountain bike may be the ultimate in heavy - duty urban transport , and , if you are adventurous enough , you can even take it to the woods .
Mountain bikes tend to have adequate ground clearance , although most , alas , have fixed - gear mountain bike may be the ultimate in heavy - duty urban transport , and , if you are adventurous enough , you can even take it to the woods .
Mountain bikes tend to have adequate ground clearance , although most , alas , have vertical dropouts I have an old Bridgestone CB - 3 set up for nasty winter conditions .
This , and other fixed - gear mountain bikes , ares described in detail in my article on Fixed Gear Conversions
Drivetrain
Drivetrains for fixed - gear bicycles are similar to those for other non-derailer bicycles .
Equipment choices , installation and adjustment are described in our article on derailerless drivetrains .
Specifics which apply to fixed - gear bicycles are described below .
Gearing
ear choice for a fixed gear is a very personal matter , and will depend on your style , your goals , and the terrain you ride in .
I live in New England , with small rolling hills .
For a bike with normal road - type wheels and 165 mm cranks , I find that 42/15 suits me best .
This gives a gain ratio of 5.77 ( 75.6 " / 6.05 m gear ) .
This is low enough that I can make it up the hills where I usually ride , but high enough that I can go reasonably fast down the other side .
Racers using a fixed gear for winter training usually like a considerably lower gear to improve their spinning technique .
Those who live in the flatlands will likely prefer something substantially higher .
When I visit my sister in Illinois , I flip my wheel around so that I can use the 42/14 , a gain ratio of 6.18 ( 81.0 " / 6.48 m ) .
Generally , the higher the gear , the more fun the ride , as long as your gear is low enough to let you climb the steepest hill you need to climb .
Generally , the higher the gear , the more fun the ride , as long as your gear is low enough to let you climb the steepest hill you need to climb .
Time - trialists often prefer something higher yet .
( Many British time - trialists prefer a fixed gear for these road events . )
Beryl Burton , probably the greatest time - trialist in history , used a fixed gear almost exclusively .
If I recall correctly , she usually ran a 52/14 or 52/13 !
The higher your gear , the more desirable it is to have a Just as a low gear lets you apply a higher forward force to the tire for hill climbing , a low gear also allows a greater resistant force at the tire for the same amount of leg effort .
The lower your gear , the lower your maximum speed will be , and if you 're not going so fast you do n't need as powerful a brake .
The higher your gear , the more desirable it is to have a brake on your bike .
There are two reasons for this :
If you plan to do skip stops on a regular basis , you might also consider the number of skid patches your chosen gear ratio will create .
Hubs
A fixed - gear hub may be single - sided , or a " flip - flop " hub with a sprocket on each side .
These may be fixed sprockets of different sizes , or one may be fixed , the other freewheeling .
It is also possible to modify other hubs to use with a fixed sprocket .
Details are in our article about fixed - gear conversions .
Pedals
he most important characteristic to look for in choosing pedals for a fixed - gear bike is good ground clearance .
You should also choose pedals that are easy to get in and out of , because both operations are somewhat complicated by the motion of the pedals .
Generally , I recommend using whatever pedal / shoe system you are most used to .
Getting used to fixed - gear riding is challenge enough without also trying to get used to a new pedal system at the same time !
When I used to use toe - clips and straps , I fit two toe straps to each pedal , partly because they help keep my feet in better alignment ( since I do n't use cleats ) and partly for safety .
Toe straps can get highly stressed on a fixed - gear bicycle , and if they break , unpleasant consequences may ensue .
Because there is no coasting , getting a foot into a toe clip when starting is more difficult than on a freewheeling bicycle , and tightening or loosening a toe strap is devilishly difficult .
This does n't matter to a track racer , who is held up by a coach or other helper -- the " starter " -- at the start of a race .
It does matter when using a fixed - gear bicycle on the road .
For this reason , clip - in pedals and cleated shoes are preferable .
Be comfortable with your chosen shoe and pedal system on a freewheeling bicycle before taking up fixed - gear riding .
Sometimes , novice fixed - gear riders will try to use plain pedals with no form of retention system .
I strongly advise against this .
Riding fixed with plain pedals is an advanced fixed - gear skill , only recommended for experienced fixed - gear riders .
We have another article with more about shoe and pedal choices and adjustment .
Mounting Technique
iding a fixed - gear bicycle requires proper mounting technique .
Many cyclists have bad mounting habits , such as swinging the leg over on - the - fly , or starting up by shuffling their feet against the pavement .
These techniques work even worse on a fixed - gear bicycle than they do on a freewheel machine .
Getting your first pedal into the proper forward - and - up position is a bit trickier with a fixed gear , since you can't just spin the pedals backward .
The trick is to put your foot on the pedal , then lift the rear end of the bicycle up so that you can turn the pedals .
I used to lift the bicycle up by the edge of the saddle , but I damaged a Brooks Pro that way -- the rivets that held the leather top to the saddle frame pulled out from being stressed in this unanticipated direction !
My friend Osman Isvan taught me a much better technique .
The trick is to straddle the bike , put one foot on a pedal , lock up the front brake ( another reason to have a front brake ) and press forward on the handlebars .
The forward force on the bars will lift the rear wheel enough to let you revolve the pedal to where you want it .
Dismount Technique
ou can dismount in the normal manner from a fixed - gear bicycle , but advanced fixed - gear riders might enjoy learning a special , very cool - looking dismount that can only be done from a fixed gear .
ou can dismount in the normal manner from a fixed - gear bicycle , but advanced fixed - gear riders might enjoy learning a special , very cool - looking dismount that can only be done from a fixed gear .
Instead of getting off to the side of the bicycle , the fixed - gear rider can go straight off the back .
This technique works best if you ride with clips and straps , but if you are really proficient in disengaging from clipless pedals , try it at your own risk .
As the bicycle slows to near walking speed , disengage your left foot , then wait for the right pedal to get to the bottom of its circle .
As the right pedal starts to rise , straighten your right leg and let the motion of the pedal lift you up .
Let go of the handlebars , let the saddle move forward between your legs , and put your left foot on the ground .
As the bike goes ahead , grab it by the saddle .
It takes a bit of courage to try this , but it is actually very easy to do .
It is also extremely impressive to watch .
When executed properly , it is very smooth , and you can go from riding to walking in a single fluid motion , without ever coming to a stop .
Braking
ome fixed - gear riders ride on the road without brakes .
This is a bad idea .
I know , I 've tried it .
If you do it , and have any sense of self - preservation at all , it will cause you to go much slower than you otherwise could , every time you go through an intersection , or pass a driveway .
The need for constant extra vigilance takes a great deal of the fun out of cycling .
You really should have a front brake .
A front brake , all by itself , will stop a bicycle as fast as it is possible to stop .
This is true because when you are applying the front brake to the maximum , there is no weight on the rear wheel , so it has no traction .
One of the wonderful things about fixed - gear riding is that the direct feel you get for rear - wheel traction teaches you exactly how hard you can apply the front brake without quite lifting the rear wheel off of the ground .
This is a very valuable lesson for any cyclist who likes to go fast ; it could save your life .
There is really no need for a rear brake on a fixed - gear bicycle .
By applying back - pressure on the pedals , you can supply all the braking that the rear wheel really needs .
In fact , it is fairly easy to lock up the rear wheel and make it skid , unless you are running a rather high gear .
Some fixed - gear fans make a point of not using their brake except in an emergency .
I am not sure that this is a good idea .
Heavy - duty resisting is widely reputed to be bad for your legs , and to be counterproductive for building up muscles and coordination for forward pedaling .
Google for " eccentric contraction " for more on this topic .
Eccentric contraction is reputed to cause micro-tears to your muscle tissue , so it actually weakens your muscles , unlike other forms of exercise .
This is a lot like car drivers who use their transmission and clutch to slow down , even though the car has a special set of parts made for the exact purpose of slowing down .
Brake shoes are cheaper to replace when they wear out than clutches are .
[ Exercise physiology is a relatively new science .
Micro -tears in muscles are now known to initiate strengthening .
Common muscle - building exercises -- weightlifting , pushups , sit-ups , Nautilus and Cybex machines , etc. use eccentric contraction -- you lift the barbell , or your body , or pull on a lever , then lower it down .
But the number of repetitions in muscle - building exercises is much smaller than in cycling , typically only 2 or 3 sets of 10 repetitions , rather than thousands per hour of cycling .
Hard resisting is probably a bad idea for the same reason as low cadence .
High stress repeated too many times leads to overuse injury , and will deplete rather than build muscle .
-- John Allen ]
Skip Stops
rakeless riders generally need to master a technique called the " skip stop . "
This is a way that you can actually lock up the rear wheel using your legs alone .
If you lock one leg at the bottom of the pedal stroke , as the pedal rises it will start to lift your body upward .
When the cranks get horizontal , pull up on the front pedal , while pushing down on the rear one .
Because your body will have acquired upward momentum , when you yank up with the front foot this will temporarily partially unweight the rear wheel , making it possible to initiate a skid .
Since sliding friction is less than sticking friction , once the tire starts to skid , you will generally be able to maintain the skid until you 've stopped or at least slowed down as much as you want to .
rakeless riders generally need to master a technique called the " skip stop . "
This is a way that you can actually lock up the rear wheel using your legs alone .
Since sliding friction is less than sticking friction , once the tire starts to skid , you will generally be able to maintain the skid until you 've stopped or at least slowed down as much as you want to .
You have to really want to do it , you can't be tentative !
It 's easier when you 're going faster .
The lower your gear , the more effectively you can " brake " by resisting with your legs .
Despite what some folks will tell you , you can not stop nearly as short this way as you can by using a good front brake .
See my article on Braking and Turning for a detailed explanation of this .
Skid Patches
f you make a habit of doing " f you make a habit of doing " skip stops " you will wear your rear tire out considerably faster than if you use your front brake .
This problem is exacerbated by certain gear ratios , because you may tend to repeatedly skid on the same section of the tire .
Riders who plan to do a lot of skip stops should consider the ratio when selecting their chainring and rear sprocket .
The mathematics of this is actually fairly simple : Simplify the gear ratio to the smallest equivalent whole number ratio .
Let 's call it p/q .
if the numerator , p , of the reduced gear ratio is even then the number of skid patches is q.
Skid patches are evenly spaced around the tire if there is more than one .
If you are an ambidextrous skidder , and the numerator is odd , the number of possible skid patches will be doubled .
The skid patches with one foot forward fall halfway in between those with the other foot forward .
Examples : 48/12 simplifies to 4/1 , so there will be only 1 skid patch 45 /15 simplifies to 3/1 so there will only be 1 skid patch , or 2 if you are an ambidextrous skidder .
42/15 simplifies to 14/5 , so there will be 5 skid patches .
44/16 simplifies to 11/4 , so there will be 4 skid patches , or 8 if you are an ambidextrous skidder .
43/15 can't be further simplified , so there will be 15 skid patches , or 30 if you are an ambidextrous skidder .
Examples : Explanation : let 's look at 45 / 15 , or 3/1 .
The rear wheel turns exactly 3 times for each turn of the cranks -- so , if the same foot is forward , the same place on the rear tire is always down .
1/2 turn of the cranks places the other foot forward , and turns the rear wheel 1 1/2 times .
Then , the opposite place on the tire is down .
Similarly for higher numbers , if the numerator of the reduced fraction is even , skid patches will be in the same places with either crank forward , but if the numerator is odd , the number of skid patches with each crank forward will be odd , and skid patches will interleave .
John Allen 's Excel spreadsheet calculates the number of skid patches for any sprocket combination .
A rear brake also leaves skid patches randomly unless the rear rim is damaged .
The front wheel does not skid in normal braking .
A front brake also can stop the bicycle much shorter , but requires care in use to avoid pitching the rider forward : see my article on braking and turning .
Track stands
Conventional wisdom : " a bicycle must be moving forward to keep its balance . "
Not so !
The act of balancing motionless on a bicycle is called a " track stand " .
The rider turns the front wheel to about a 45 degree angle and balances with the cranks horizontal .
So the wheel can be brought back to straight ahead even if there is toe clip overlap , the crank on the side toward which the bicycle is steered faces forward .
If the bicycle starts to lean to that side , a slight forward movement of the cranks will bring the tires back under the rider 's center of gravity .
If the bicycle leans the other way , rolling backward will correct the lean .
This is the same action as putting more weight on the left leg to avoid falling to the left , and vice versa , but it takes some practice and it is easier with a low gear .
The Guinness Book of World Records once had a category for the slowest bicycle ride , but further entries were disallowed after cyclist Dave Steed held a track stand for 9 hours .
It has been reported that he later held one for 24 hours and 6 minutes .
On the banking of the track , where races are run counterclockwise , the front wheel is usually turned to the right .
It is possible to do a track stand on a freewheel - equipped bicycle if the front wheel is pointed up a sloping section of road -- so , on a crowned road in right - side driving countries , the front wheel is turned to the left .
The technique must be learned separately each way .
A cyclist who has learned both ways can ride a fixed - gear bicycle backwards , switching between a right - side track stand and a left - side track stand .
The great Major Taylor once won a match sprint race in this way , by backpedaling a half turn to get behind the other racer for the final sprint to the finish .
Following this , the tactic was banned , though track stands are still permitted in match sprints .
Fixed - gear dangers :
should warn you that there are three dangers related to fixed - gear bicycles that are not a problem with freewheel bicycles .
Used and maintained properly , fixed gear bicycles can be as safe as any , but you should be aware of the three danger areas :
Pedal Strike
t is never a good thing to strike your pedal on the ground while cornering tightly .
On a freewheel bike , you can coast though the corners with your pedals horizontal , thus avoiding any chance of striking .
On a fixed - gear machine , you do n't have this option .
If you do bang a pedal on a fixed gear , the pedal can lift the rear wheel off the road , and down you will go .
This has never happened to me , but it is something to bear in mind .
How much of a problem this is will depend on your bottom bracket height , crank length , and the design of your pedals .
Most of my fixed - gear bikes have 165 mm cranks , which give a bit more ground clearance than the 170 mm 's usually used on road bikes .
I also make a point of using pedals that do n't stick out too far .
[ Avoiding a pedal strike is one reason not to follow Sheldon 's usual advice to keep the bicycle in line with your body when cornering hard .
If you lean your upper body toward the inside of the turn , the bicycle will not steer as well , but you 'll have more cornering clearance .
-- John Allen ]
Derailment and Wheel Lock
hrowing a chain on a freewheel bike is no big deal , but it can be very dangerous on with a fixed gear .
If the chain comes off of the chainwheel , it can get hung up or even loop around the rear sprocket , and can cause the wheel to lock up .
If this happens while you are leaned over in a turn , you will almost certainly crash .
This is prevented by making sure that your chainline is straight , and that your chain is adequately tight .
Catching Fingers , Trousers , Shoelaces
he other danger of fixed - gear bicycles is at its greatest when the bike is in a repair stand .
If you hand - pedal it and then accidentally have a finger an article of clothing come into contact with the chain or a sprocket , the momentum of the wheel will keep the drive train rolling .
You can lose a finger that way .
Sorry to gross you out with these photos , but this is a real danger !
Likewise , when riding , if you are wearing floppy pants , or have an un-tied shoelace , you may get your clothing caught in the drivetrain .
On a freewheel bike , this it is a minor inconvenience .
You have to coast , then pedal backward to release your clothing .
The worst that will happen is that your clothing will get soiled .
With a fixed gear , you have no such option .
If you catch a shoelace , it will get torn off or your shoe .
If you catch a trouser leg , you can really get hurt .
It is my fervent hope that this article will persuade some of those who read it to give a try to fixed - gear riding , may you learn to enjoy it as much as I do ( and I have 11 fixed - gear bikes ! )
More Fixed Gear Pages on This Site :
Articles by Sheldon Brown and Others
Copyright © 1996 , 2008 Sheldon Brown
Worries about the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement ( ACTA ) currently being drawn up in secret by the Bush administration are sometimes portrayed as " Chicken Little " concerns .
Certainly , the US Trade Representative 's office tried to ease everyone 's mind last week with a public meeting about the treaty 's progress , but it 's not just digital rights groups like the EFF and Public Knowledge that are staring in horror at the sky .
Even Congressional backers of the PRO - IP
Act are demanding that ACTA be slowed and that a final agreement not include ISP or DRM provisions .
In a letter sent to Susan Schwab , the US Trade Representative , Senators Patrick Leahy ( D - VT ) and Arlen Specter ( R - PA ) laid into the ACTA negotiating process .
" We strongly urge you not to permit the agreement to address issues of liability for service providers or for technological protection measures , " says the letter .
" As technology is not static , Congress must have the ability to tailor the law as developments warrant . "
US Trade Rep Susan Schwab
Most of the concerns are about the limits ACTA could put on " Congress 's ability to make constructive policy changes in the future . "
But the concerns are compounded by " the lack of transparency inherent in trade negotiations " and the " speed with which the process is moving . "
ACTA negotiators have previously announced that they want an agreement concluded by the end of this year , but in last week 's meeting appeared to back up from that aggressive timetable .
It 's not clear why the speed is necessary , though it may be related to the end of the Bush Administration and the possibility that a new president could alter the course of negotiations .
The letter is notable for coming from Leahy and Specter ; the two lead the Senate Judiciary Committee and have long supported strong intellectual property rights .
Leahy , in fact , was the sponsor of the " Enforcement of Intellectual Property Rights Act of 2008 , " which passed the Senate recently after a name change ( it 's now known as the PRO - IP Act ) .
It 's not clear that Leahy and Specter are against any of the items suggested for ACTA by various rightsholder groups , but the two senators are quite concerned that ACTA not limit Congressional power to adapt laws to circumstances .
The cynical among us might see the letter as little more than an attempt to preserve personal power — that is , a battle of fiefdoms more than content .
Whatever the motive , though , the concerns of two powerful lawmakers at least legitimize many of the worries about ACTA .
When the agreement is complete , the two senators hope it includes only " improved coordination among nations " and " robust , but flexible standards for civil criminal , and border enforcement . "
Too bad for the content owners who wanted ACTA to deal with mod chips , camcording in theaters , ISP filtering , warez , and " three strikes " rules — though we wo n't know for months whether ACTA negotiators took the senators ' advice .
US Democratic presidential candidate Senator Barack Obama ( D - IL ) ( L ) arrives with Senator Jack Reed ( D - RI ) in Amman , Jordan , July 22 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Majed Jaber
AMMAN ( Reuters ) - U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama pledged on Tuesday to work to reach a peace deal between Israel and the Palestinians from his first day in office but said it would be difficult .
“ The Israeli government is unsettled .
The Palestinians are divided between Fatah and Hamas .
And so it ’s difficult for either side to make the bold move that would bring about peace , ” Obama told reporters in Amman before visiting Israel and the Palestinian territories .
Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert , who faces a corruption probe that could force him from office , and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas , who lost his hold on the Gaza Strip to Hamas Islamists a year ago , launched peace talks last November .
They set the goal of reaching a statehood agreement before U.S. President George W. Bush leaves office in January , but disputes over Jewish settlement building and violence on both sides have marred the negotiations .
“ My goal is to make sure that we work , starting from the minute I ’m sworn into office , to try to find some breakthroughs , ” Obama said , adding that it was unrealistic to expect a U.S. president to “ suddenly snap his fingers and bring about peace ” .
Obama attracted attention in June when he told a pro-Israeli lobby group that Jerusalem must remain Israel ’s undivided capital -- only to amend his stance to say the issue should be negotiated by all parties .
Obama , who has sought to reach out to Jewish voters , said the United States would remain a “ strong friend ” of Israel regardless of who wins the upcoming election .
In our quest to answer the age - old question , ' ARE WE ALONE ? , ' we 've been conditioned to search space for Aliens and E.T.'s .
This is a classical magician 's distraction !
Instead of looking for other - than - human intelligent life off our planet ,
we should instead be searching Earth 's many thousands of miles of underground tunnels , caverns and caves systems .
Scientists have recently updated their identified animal species list total to 1.2 million , and the predicted total species list to 8.7 million .
That means that we have yet to encounter the other 86 % ; or majority , of life forms with which we share our tiny , blue planet .
Our underworld is where we will one day discover various species of Earth - evolved , intelligent beings
that we have been mistakenly calling ' Aliens , ' and actual visiting E.T. bases of operations . "
CryptoHunter John Rhodes .
This is an abandoned railway station in Abkhazia , former Russian territory .
It stays untouched since the collapse of USSR – the railway connection of Abkhazia and Russia stopped and railway station left out of demand so nature could take over the left - overs of Soviet architecture .
In my opinion it reminds somehow the Prince of Persia video game scenes or scenes from the movie of the abandoned civilization after some major disaster .
via ru_sovarch
Democratic presidential nominee Senator Barack Obama ( D - IL ) steps out of his vehicle to board his campaign plane in Chicago , October 20 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Jim Young
WEST PALM BEACH , Florida ( Reuters ) - Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama will leave the campaign trail to go to Hawaii this week to visit the ailing grandmother who helped raise him , an aide said on Monday .
“ Recently his grandmother has become ill and in the last few weeks her health has deteriorated to the point where her situation is very serious , ” said Obama aide Robert Gibbs .
Obama ’s grandmother , Madelyn Dunham , who will be 86 on Sunday , helped raise him along with his mother , Ann Dunham , and his grandfather , Stanley Dunham .
Gibbs would not discuss the nature of her illness .
The candidate is canceling events in Madison , Wisconsin , and Des Moines , Iowa , that had been scheduled for Thursday .
He instead will go to an event in Indianapolis , Indiana , on Thursday , then fly to Hawaii to see his grandmother .
He will return to the campaign trail on Saturday , Gibbs said .
Obama often makes references to his grandmother on the campaign trail , mentioning that she worked on a bomber assembly plant during World War Two .
Later , she worked as a secretary in a bank and was eventually promoted to vice president .
She helped put Obama through private school in Hawaii .
“ Senator Obama ’s grandmother , Madelyn Dunham , has always been one of the most important people in his life , ” Gibbs said in a statement .
“ Along with his mother and his grandfather , she raised him in Hawaii from the time he was born until the moment he left for college .
As he said at the Democratic Convention , she poured everything she had into him .
Obama ’s mother died of ovarian cancer when she was 52 .
( Reporting by Caren Bohan ; Editing by Doina Chiacu and Philip Barbara )
NEW YORK — YouTube and PBS have put in place a joint program to solicit , organize , stream and broadcast user - generated video from polling places around the nation on election day , November 4 .
The program is called “ Video Your Vote . ”
According to Steve Grove , head of news and politics at YouTube , the effort is
aimed to “ increase the transparency ” of the voting process , including
potential problems .
Voters will be encouraged to bring video cameras or
video - enabled camera phones to the polling place .
The voter - generated videos will be populated on YouTube and on PBS as part of its election night coverage .
Kelsey interviewed Steve yesterday at the Time CNN Politics Summit .
Mashable reported on the program yesterday .
Update : YouTube just issued this press release on the initiative .
— Andy Plesser , Executive Producer
Smalltalk Solutions 2008 – slides now available 1 July , 2008
Most of the slides from the presentations at this year ’s Smalltalk Solutions conference are now on line .
The material available includes Gilad Bracha ’s talk on Newspeak , James Foster ’s guide to building a Seaside application using GemStone /S , Michael Rueger ’s introduction to Sophie , Arden Thomas demonstrating WebVelocity in action , and Randal Schwartz ’s double - header keynote : Seaside – Your Next Web Framework and an introduction to persistency solutions for use with Seaside .
There are also slides from a couple of sessions looking at the reasons for the recent resurgence of interest in Smalltalk : Arden Thomas looks at the features of Smalltalk that other languages lack , and Rob Rothwell explains how Smalltalk helps with the development of healthcare applications .
There are many more slide - packs available , and still more to be added , so please check out the conference page for more information .
James Robertson is adding video and audio as it becomes available .
Listen to what the wealthy investor guru Jim Rogers says .
Watch the whole video .
It ’s an eye - opening discussion .
Our economy is on very shaky grounds .
And knowing that McCain and Palin have little understanding of the economy , even at the most basic level , is frankly staggeringly frightening .
: : : : : : : : : :
( Note : this story takes place at a bank in Zimbabwe . )
Teller : “ Good morning sir , how may I help you ? ”
Me : “ Good morning , please may I withdraw 100 billion ? ”
( This is about 1 US dollar . )
Teller : “ I ’m very sorry , sir , but we do not have enough sun . ”
Me : “ What ! ? ”
Teller : “ We can not give you money because we do not have enough sun . ”
Me : “ Why do you need sun to give me money ? ”
Teller : “ Oh , we are having a power cut , and the solar panel is n’t receiving enough sun to run the computers . ”
Me : * laughs *
“ Thank you very much for the best excuse , ever . ”
Teller : “ You ’re welcome sir , have a good day . ”
Since Google Chrome launched only a couple of weeks ago , it 's going to take web users a while to get used to the browser , and even longer to work out the tips and tweaks that will speed up and improve the experience .
However , we 've saved you the hard work and rounded up the 10 best tips and tweaks .
1. Surprisingly handy keyboard shortcuts
Chrome offers some unique shortcuts that go beyond the typical CTRL and T for opening new browser tabs .
The full list of Chrome shortcuts can be found here , but the three most unusual and unique to Chrome are :
CTRL and SHIFT and N
Automatically opens up a Chrome ' incognito ' window which allows you to surf on a PC without leaving behind any digital footprints .
SHIFT and Escape
Allows for fast access to Chrome 's Task Manager utility that allows you to nix browser processes that have gone awry .
CTRL and SHIFT and T
Will open recently closed browser tabs .
2. Custom searches
When you want to run a search directly from Google 's address bar , also known as the Omnibar , just type a question mark (? ) followed by a keyword .
The default search engine is Google .
To change the default search engine to anything you want go right - click inside the address bar and select ' Edit search engines ' .
You can choose from a predefined list , or create your own .
Here is how to create your own shortcut to search the site of your choice directly from Google Chrome 's address bar .
Right - click inside address bar and select ' Edit search engines ' .
With that dialog box remaining open , now go to a website you would like to create a custom search for .
For the sake of example try Dictionary.com .
Once you visit the site now look at your ' Search Engines ' configuration window and you 'll notice under the ' Other search engines ' field Dictionary.com has been added .
Next you 'll want to change the ' Keyword ' to something short and easy to remember such as DIC .
Now when you want to look up a word at Dictionary.com all you have to do is type in Chrome 's address book ' DIC ' proceeded by the word you want to look up .
3 . Everyone loves an easter egg
Type ' about : internets ' into the address bar and you 'll see a tribute to United States Senator Ted Stevens ' take on the internet .
( This only works in Windows XP )
4. Larger comment boxes
Comment boxes on websites soliciting feedback can sometimes be way too small .
With Chrome you simply click on the corner of any web - based comment field and stretch it out as large as you like .
NEXT PAGE : Fun with tabs and privacy features
Visit Broadband Advisor for the latest internet news , reviews , tips & tricks
Get the latest news and opinion on Google at PC Advisor 's dedicated Google News Spotlight
Judge says gov't must produce waterboarding memos Associated Press
Published : Wednesday September 3 , 2008
Print This Email This NEW YORK ( AP ) --
A federal judge has ruled in New York that the government must either produce memos on waterboarding and other harsh interrogation methods used by the CIA or explain why they should be kept secret .
U.S. District Judge Alvin K. Hellerstein says the memos are " clearly responsive " to a lawsuit filed in 2003 by the ACLU and other civil rights groups seeking records on the treatment of prisoners in U.S. custody overseas .
The U.S. attorney 's office in Manhattan declined to comment Wednesday .
The New York Times last year disclosed the existence some of the Justice Department memos .
It said they authorized interrogators to use methods like waterboarding , head slapping and exposure to freezing temperatures .
Myrtle Beach Real Estate
Welcome to the Myrtle Beach Real Estate website digMyrtleBeach.com
Our exciting new website is designed to help you find the perfect property to meet your needs .
Whether you 're searching for land to build your dream home , the perfect single - family residence to accommodate your relocation , an oceanfront resort second home condo , or one of the many golf community options , digMyrtleBeach.com gives you access to all the Myrtle Beach Real Estate properties and homes available in the Coastal Carolina Board of Realtors Multiple Listing Service .
Search as many , or as few , as you like - and keep coming back until you find your match !
The Myrtle Beach area , with its 60 miles of coastline known as the Grand Strand , has long been South Carolina ’s tourism leader .
Stretching from Little River , near the North Carolina border , to the historic port city of Georgetown at Winyah Bay , the Grand Strand offers some of the most beautiful beaches in the world as well as diverse entertainment and lifestyle options .
Of the millions who vacation here annually , more and more are choosing to establish permanent residence .
They have found the area 's four delightful seasons and vibrant economy to be exactly what they need at this stage of their life !
We at The Hoffman Group hope you ’re visiting this website because you 're ready to join them !
We stand ready to guide you through the process of finding the perfect property for your needs .
Myrtle Beach Homes For Sale , Condos , Land , Commercial Property , and Myrtle Beach Foreclosure Listings
If you would like to search the Myrtle Beach MLS you may do so by clicking this Myrtle Beach MLS link .
You may also use our advanced search to limit your results to just Myrtle Beach Homes For Sale , Myrtle Beach Condos For Sale , Myrtle Beach Commercial Properties For Sale , Myrtle Beach Foreclosures & Bank Owned Property , or Myrtle Beach Land For Sale
Efforts to develop a massive environmentally friendly power plant combining photovoltaic generators and windmills that will float on the sea are primmed to spark a revolution in clean power , according to a team of scientists at Kyushu University .
The planned plant will measure 1.25 Miles by .5 Miles and will be equipped with light - emitting diodes that shine light into the sea to promote seaweed growth , which in turn will absorb carbon dioxide and attract fish .
The team began testing the floating base for the generator at a research facility in July .
" We 'll be able to put [ the new generator ] to practical use in three years , " predicted Toshiaki Ota , a professor emeritus at the university who leads the team .
The plant will comprise hexagonal floating units that support a length of netting on which wind - power generators and photovoltaic generators measuring six square meters will be placed .
About 200,000 photovoltaic generator units are to be placed about a meter apart on the netting , with the hexagonal units positioned at both ends .
The units have a channel running through them to allow seawater to pass through .
Each group of units will generate about 300,000 kilowatts of electricity , which means the generating capacity of the three planned sets will be equal to that of a nuclear power reactor .
The cost - to - power - generation rate of the new plant is about $ 650 to $ 1300 per kilowatt , considerably cheaper than the approximately $ 1850 per kilowatt for constructing a nuclear power plant .
Only personnel and maintenance costs are required to operate the new plant .
To maintain the electricity - generating capacity of the photovoltaic generators , deep - sea water will be brought to the surface by electric pumps powered by wind turbines and poured over the surface of the plant .
Deep - sea water is mineral rich , so drawing it up to the surface is expected to help the growth of seaweed under the plant .
The LEDs also will emit a type of light that promotes phytoplankton growth .
The hexagonal units are to be made of concrete and reinforced with a new lightweight metal developed by Ota that is 10 times more rust - resistant than steel .
The Coastal Development Institute of Technology , affiliated with the Construction and Transport Ministry , has already begun evaluating the performance of the rectangular floating units .
A test using a model plant also is planned .
This scary - looking robot girl is called ' Repliee R - 1 ' , an android developed at Osaka University based on an actual 5 year - old girl .
Introduction
Whether you choose to buy a used vehicle from a Dealer or Private Party , this section should make your shopping experience as stress - free as possible !
While the great feel and overall pleasure of driving a brand new car is undeniable it almost always makes more financial sense to by used .
You can get a car that 's almost as good as new without suffering the depreciation that batters new car buyers as soon as they drive off the lot .
Also bigger bargains are possible for the smart used car shopper .
Read through the 6 steps to buying a used car and you will be well on your way to finding that perfect used car .
Step 1 - How Much to Spend Decide what you want to spend .
It 's always a good idea to start any car - buying process with a preliminary budget to help you determine how much money you feel comfortable spending .
Make sure you 've accounted for insurance and other maintenance costs that you will be responsible for .
Remember that the lower initial cost of buying used will usually result in higher maintenance costs than buying new .
Be sure to factor this in your budget .
Step 2 - Find your Car First , make a list of all the things you need your vehicle to do ( haul kids , go off road , get good mileage ) and then make a second list of all the things you admire in a vehicle ( body style , colours , luxury options ) .
You should end up with a list of qualities from which to eliminate models that wo n't work for you .
Before starting a used car search its best to remain flexible .
If you 're set on only one model , in a specific colour , with a certain mileage etc .
you may find it hard to get the best deal as you will be focusing on too narrow a market .
If you 're prepared to consider something similar to what you want , you 'll find a much wider choice available and it becomes much easier to negotiate .
Finding a great used vehicle is becoming easier all the time .
The sources available to you are growing everyday .
Your number one resource should be the Internet , where you can conveniently search online for a used car that fits your needs perfectly .
MonsterAuto.ca allows for smart searches that put you in touch with the seller in seconds using its Advanced Used Car Search capabilities .
This reduces the time and effort that normally would be expended flipping through traditional print type classified ads .
Our online classifieds can greatly increase the quality of communication between you and the seller via photos , history , mileage and other vital facts that are clearly displayed on each vehicle in our database .
Step 3 - Contact and Communicate with the Seller
If you are contacting a private party , be sure the first question you ask is , " Why are you selling the vehicle ? "
Ask them to describe the condition of the car and if it ever was in an accident .
Ask them if they have all the mechanical records for the vehicle and if they would have any objection to you taking the car to a private mechanic for an inspection .
This is an important step , as private party sales are normally " Buyer Beware " , once you 've bought the car it 's yours .
If the seller says all the right things , set up an appointment to see the vehicle .
Always try to view the vehicle while it is still daylight and bring a friend along .
If you have to go alone and are feeling a bit uneasy , ask the owner to bring the car to a public place , possibly a local shopping centre parking lot .
One last word on private party sales , make sure the seller is not a curbsider ( a used car salesman representing themselves as a private party ) flipping the car for profit .
Generally you want to avoid these types of sellers as they are misrepresenting themselves right off the bat so anything they tell you about the car is probably false .
Step 4 - Check out the Vehicle in Person
Conduct a thorough walk - around , a physical assessment of the vehicle is absolutely paramount before you even consider purchasing .
Take your time with your examination .
Look at the bodylines does the hood , trunk , and doors line up with the rest of the car .
Are there signs of repainting , look for over spray , open the trunk , hood and doors .
If you see signs of this ask the seller why he had it painted .
Was it in an accident ?
Are all the body parts the same colour ?
Now look at the undercarriage is it free of rust .
Look at the tread wear patterns of the tires , this could show suspension problems .
Make sure all power options work , windows , locks , etc. Check air conditioning for proper operation .
Make sure heater and defroster works properly .
Check the engine oil and engine compartment you are looking for any signs of leaks or improper maintenance .
Ask to let your own mechanic look at the vehicle .
An honest seller should stand behind his / her car , if they object to this just walk away ; there are plenty of good used car sellers out there .
Now it 's time for what could possibly be the most important part of your personal used car inspection - the test drive .
Test drives are essential for a variety of reasons but most importantly , they provide you with an immediate analysis of the car 's functionality and real world drive - ability .
Make sure the car fits you .
Set the seat in a comfortable driving position and attach the seat belt .
Make sure that you can reach all the controls without straining , that the controls are easy to use , and that the displays are easy to see .
Start the engine it should idle smoothly without surging or sputtering .
It should accelerate from a standstill without lurching forward or hesitating .
When you turn the steering wheel you should feel almost no play in the wheel before the car reacts either right or left .
The engine should idle smoothly without clattering or metallic sounds .
With a manual transmission , the clutch should fully engage well before you take your foot all the way off the pedal .
If there is n't at least an inch of play at the top of the pedal 's travel , the car may soon need a new clutch .
With an automatic transmission , do n't confuse smoothness with slippage .
When you accelerate , there should be no appreciable hesitation between the engine 's acceleration and the car's .
If there is , it 's an almost sure sign of transmission wear - and a costly fix down the road .
Test the brakes the car should stop straight and quickly , without pulling to one side and without any vibration .
The pedal feel should be smooth and linear , and stopping the car should n't take a huge effort .
It is recommended to take the seller with you and ask questions when noises pop up .
Listen for noises , rattles , or grinding sounds .
If you hear rattling in the quarter panels , the car may have been in an accident .
If the car fails on any of the above points it is then your call whether you want to walk away or negotiate the price based on the repair estimate .
If everything went well and the seller has agreed to have you take it to your mechanic you are ready for the next step .
Lastly , be sure to complete your inspection process by soliciting the services of a certified technician who can thoroughly check the vehicle to pinpoint existing as well as potential mechanical problems .
Buying a car , regardless of whether it's a new or used vehicle , is one of the largest purchases you 'll ever make .
Avoid the pitfalls of impulse buying by being honest with yourself during the personal inspection process .
If the thought of buying this vehicle makes you uncomfortable , walk away .
At the end of the day , you need to feel good about the purchase you 've made by buying a used car you enjoy driving while avoiding a lemon in the process .
Step 5 - Negotiating a fair price
When buying a used car , we all want to pay a fair price ; used cars should sell for their market value .
The price of a used car is based on its condition , mileage , reliability , performance and popularity .
Of course , you want a car that is reliable and performs well .
When you are trying to negotiate with a car dealer , you should know that they have lots of experience negotiating .
Most individuals do not .
Therefore , buying a used car from a dealer or an individual will be two very different experiences .
But there is one overriding similarity - they both want to sell the car .
In fact , the incentive to sell the car might be greater to the dealer than to the individual owner .
Here are a few tips to successful negotiating :
Remain positive and confident .
Bring a friend with you for extra support .
If you need to finance your car do so before you arrive at the dealership so you have something to compare their terms with ?
Make an opening offer that is low , but in the ballpark .
Decide ahead of time how high you will go and leave when your limit's reached .
Be patient - plan to spend an hour or more negotiating .
If you are not comfortable with the deal and you are getting tired of negotiating walkout - this may be your strongest negotiating tool .
Many Dealers have now moved to a Value Pricing System where vehicle pricing is fixed .
In this case the Dealer has already dropped the selling price to the absolute best deal so further negotiation is not necessary .
This alleviates the pressure of haggling which most customers disliked in the first place !
Once you have a deal , you need to make sure the transaction is completed properly .
Try to get any special terms of the deal in writing , before you complete all the required paperwork transferring ownership and settling payment with an individual or dealer .
Make sure the seller writes a receipt for both of you with signatures on both copies and keep the receipt for your records .
Step 6 - Closing the Deal Remember before signing anything read the fine print and whatever you do n't understand ask someone who is knowledgeable about contracts and legal formalities before signing .
Once all of the paperwork is complete , it is finally time to relax and begin enjoying your new purchase : a good used car .
Pat yourself on the back for a job well done .
Presidential hopeful Barack Obama has said " irresponsibility in Washington " is to blame for the financial turmoil in the US .
The Democratic candidate 's comments came as he met the governors of four battleground states for talks on the economy .
That Barack Obama jog toward the political center now that he's won the Democratic nomination appears to have turned into a full - fledged dash today .
And there 's a lot of folks on the left side of his party that are unhappy .
But , to be Chicago kind of candid , whatcha gonna do about it ?
Today , the freshman senator from Illinois voted in favor of the FISA bill that provides retroactive legal protection to cooperating telecom companies that helped the feds eavesdrop on overseas calls .
Up until a few weeks ago -- let 's see , that would be shortly after the last primaries settled the Democratic nomination and terminated what 's - her - name 's once frontrunning campaign -- Obama adamantly opposed the bill .
" Unequivocally " was the word his people used .
" Barack will support a filibuster of any bill that includes retroactive immunity for telecommunications companies , " Obama spokesman Bill Burton said last fall .
In December , as ABC's Jake Tapper notes , Obama 's office said : “ Sen . Obama unequivocally opposes giving retroactive immunity to telecommunications companies and has cosponsored Sen .
Dodd 's efforts to remove that provision from the FISA bill . "
In February , Obama voted for an amendment to carve the retroactive immunity out of the measure .
And he said : " I am proud to stand with Sen . Dodd , Sen .
Feingold and a grass - roots movement of Americans who are refusing to let President Bush put protections for special interests ahead of our security and our liberty .
There is no reason why telephone companies should be given blanket immunity to cover violations of the rights of the American people . "
Let 's see , those statements were all made during that endless Democratic primary season .
After June 4 , Obama said : " It is a close call for me , but I think the current legislation with exclusivity provision that says that a president -- whether George Bush , myself or John McCain -- ca n’t make up rationales for getting around FISA court , ca n’t suggest that somehow that there is some law that stands above the laws passed by Congress in engaging in warrantless wiretaps . "
Never mind that it 's confusing .
It 's supposed to be .
Yes , he 's usually a real good talker .
But he wanted to avoid providing a clear - cut quote for future use against himself .
Bottom line , today Obama voted for the measure he has so long opposed .
So he was against the bill before he was for the bill .
And guess what ?
His primary primary opponent , Hillary Clinton from the Empire State , the one who got ditched by much of the Democratic left in favor of this new guy from Illinois who had no visible warts , she voted against the bill .
Talk about retroactive regret by some .
" It 's ironic so far , I suppose , " one commentor wrote on OpenLeft today , " that Clinton is of late a more reliable ally than Obama . "
Over at Wake up America they provided a detailed accounting of the excoriating of Obama by alleged supporters on the candidate 's own website .
With his vote unnecessary for victory , Sen. McCain spent the day in Ohio , of all places , which just happens to be the state that Republicans do not win the White House without .
If you get our drift .
-- Andrew Malcolm
God bless her .
Stein says that as mayor , Palin continued to inject religious beliefs into her policy at times .
“ She asked the library how she could go about banning books , ” he says , because some voters thought they had inappropriate language in them .
“ The librarian was aghast . ”
That woman , Mary Ellen Baker , could n’t be reached for comment , but news reports from the time show that Palin had threatened to fire Baker for not giving “ full support ” to the mayor .
While John McCain and his aides have railed against the “ liberal mainstream media ” in recent weeks , some of the most searing attacks against the Republican presidential nominee have come from conservative intellectuals .
McCain ’s surprise vice presidential pick , Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , and his sharp reactions to the continuing economic storm have led several prominent columnists on the right to slam the Arizona senator as more reckless than bold , more strident than forceful .
Those opinion leaders , in turn , have triggered a backlash from other commentators , who have dubbed the critics elitists and risen to the defense of a woman they see as the Republican Party ’s new populist star .
The spirited debate may have reached its apogee last week , with George F. Will issuing McCain a harsh dressing - down .
Advertisement
“ Under the pressure of the financial crisis , one presidential candidate is behaving like a flustered rookie playing in a league too high , ” Will began his syndicated column , which is carried in more than 450 newspapers .
“ It is not Barack Obama . ”
The conservative elder accused McCain of “ characteristically substituting vehemence for coherence ” and of attacking his Democratic rival as a big spender , rather than mounting a philosophical challenge to the largest government bailout of business in American history .
Will mocked the Republican standard - bearer as a veritable Queen of Hearts ( a la “ Alice in Wonderland ” ) for demanding the head of Christopher Cox , a former Republican congressman who is chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission .
The Pulitzer Prize - winning columnist argued that such impulsiveness sows doubts about McCain ’s ability to apply “ calm reflection and clear principles ” to important decisions .
He ended his broadside by all but declaring McCain unfit for the Oval Office .
Advertisement
“ It is arguable that , because of his inexperience , Obama is not ready for the presidency , ” Will wrote .
“ It is arguable that McCain , because of his boiling moralism and bottomless reservoir of certitudes , is not suited to the presidency .
Unreadiness can be corrected , although perhaps at great cost , by experience .
Can a dismaying temperament be fixed ? ”
The dismay expressed by Will and other columnists , including David Brooks of the New York Times , who at times is a McCain cheerleader , arises primarily over McCain ’s selection of Palin .
After the 2000 presidential race , Brooks acknowledged that he was even “ more worshipful ” of McCain than a generally enamored press corps .
But in this election cycle , he acknowledged admiration for Obama , before souring somewhat .
He added his voice this month to the chorus of those concerned about Palin ’s inexperience .
Advertisement
Palin , Brooks argued , “ has not been engaged in national issues , does not have a repertoire of historic patterns and , like President Bush , seems to compensate for her lack of experience with brashness and excessive decisiveness . ”
Brooks , a former senior editor of the Weekly Standard , wrote that eight years of “ inept ” governance by Bush has helped persuade him of the ineffectiveness of a president who makes decisions on gut and instinct .
Writing in the National Review on Friday , Kathleen Parker expressed a similar view but with much less restraint .
She said Palin ’s recent television interviews amounted to content - light “ filibusters . ”
The syndicated columnist suggested that the governor -- “ Who Is Clearly Out of Her League ” -- should quit the Republican ticket to “ save McCain , her party , and the country she loves . ”
Voters typically focus almost exclusively on the presidential candidates , and even weak vice presidential nominees seldom drag down a national ticket .
Advertisement
But David Frum , a former Bush speechwriter , is among conservatives who have worried that the Palin pick weakens one of McCain ’s best arguments : that he has superior experience and is better prepared to protect America .
“ How serious can [ McCain ] be , ” Frum wrote even before Palin appeared at the GOP convention , “ if he would place such a neophyte second in line to the presidency ? ”
Charles Krauthammer and Ross Douthat , two other conservative stalwarts , have also doubted Palin ’s readiness to lead .
But others in the conservative movement have dismissed the anti-Palin sentiment as elitism , arguing that presidents like Harry Truman and Ronald Reagan were also underestimated because they had modest educational backgrounds .
Advertisement
Stephen F. Hayward took up that argument last week in the Weekly Standard , arguing that the Founding Fathers had envisioned “ regular citizens ” rising to leadership , in part because they possessed a “ self - knowledge ” and core beliefs that made them natural leaders .
“ Part of what bothers the establishment about Palin is her seeming insouciance toward public office , ” wrote Hayward , who is a resident scholar at the conservative American Enterprise Institute in Washington .
“ Her success with voters , and in national office , would be an affront and a reproach to establishment self - importance . ”
Laura Ingraham previously contended that some Republicans who had abundant experience before taking the White House -- Herbert Hoover , Richard Nixon and George W. Bush -- ended up with troubled presidencies .
Advertisement
The radio and television personality recently chastised Brooks and the other “ elitists , ” writing that “ the people ( taken as a whole ) are often wiser and more prudent than the elites . ”
Ingraham said it was too soon to assess Palin ’s political skills but called her the “ most promising ” populist figure in the Republican Party since Reagan .
--
james.rainey@latimes.com
Jhc Haskell Compiler
jhc is a haskell compiler which aims to produce the most efficient programs possible via whole program analysis and other optimizations .
Using Jhc
See the Installation Page for information about downloading and installing jhc .
For information on running jhc , see The User 's Manual .
Join the jhc mailing list for jhc discussion , announcements , and bug reports .
There is a spot on the wiki but it does n't have much info yet .
feel free to expand it .
Developing Jhc
the development page has information on how to pull the development tree from the darcs repository
the bug tracker tracks known jhc issues , bugs can be added by submitting darcs patches or just posting to the mailing list jhc@haskell.org
An informal graph of the internal code motion in jhc is here ( pdf ) .
Historical
This is the seventh post in an article series about MIT 's lecture course " Introduction to Algorithms . "
In this post I will review lecture eleven , which is on the topic of Augmenting Data Structures .
There are some programming situations that can be perfectly solved with standard data structures such as a linked lists , hash tables , or binary search trees .
Many others require a dash of creativity .
Only in rare situations will you need to create an entirely new type of data structure , though .
More often , it will suffice to augment ( to modify ) an existing data structure by storing additional information in it .
You can then program new operations for the data structure to support the desired application .
Augmenting a data structure is not always straightforward , however , since the added information must be updated and maintained by the ordinary operations on the data structure .
This lecture discusses two data structures that are constructed by augmenting red - black trees ( see the previous post on red - black trees ) .
The first part of the lecture describes a data structure that supports general order - statistic operations on a dynamic set .
It 's called dynamic order statistics .
The notion of order statistics was introduced in lecture six .
In lecture six it was shown that any order statistic could be retrieved in O ( n ) time from an unordered set .
In this lecture it is shown how red - black trees can be modified so that any order statistic can be determined in O ( lg ( n ) ) time .
It presents two algorithms OS - Select ( i ) , which returns i-th smallest item in a dynamic set , and OS - Rank( x ) , which returns rank ( position ) of element x in sorted order .
The lecture continues with general methodology of how to augment a data structure .
Augmenting a data structure can be broken into four steps :
1. Choosing an underlying data structure ,
2. Determining additional information to be maintained in the underlying data structure ,
3 . Verifying that the additional information can be maintained for the basic modifying operations ( insert , delete , rotate , etc. ) on the underlying data structure , and
4. Developing new operations .
The second part of the lecture applies this methodology to construct a data structure called interval trees .
This data structure maintains a dynamic set of elements , with each element x containing an interval .
Interval is simply pair of numbers ( low , high ) .
For example , a time interval from 3 o'clock to 7 o'clock is a pair ( 3 , 7 ) .
Lecture gives an algorithm called Interval - Search ( x ) , which given a query interval x , quickly finds an interval in the set that overlaps it .
Time complexity of this algorithm is O( lg ( n ) ) .
The lecture ends with the correctness proof of Interval - Search ( x ) algorithm .
You 're welcome to watch lecture eleven :
Topics covered in lecture eleven :
[ 00:20 ] Concept of augmenting data structures .
[ 02:00 ] Dynamic order statistics .
[ 02:20 ] OS - Select operation on dynamic order statistics .
[ 02:50 ] OS - Rank operation on dynamic order statistics .
[ 03:49 ]
Dynamic order statistics key idea - keep the sizes of subtrees in nodes of a red - black tree .
[ 04:10 ]
Example of a tree representing dynamic order statistic .
[ 10:10 ] OS - Select algorithm .
[ 16:40 ] Analysis of OS - Select .
[ 17:30 ] OS - Rank algorithm .
[ 20:15 ]
Modifying operations of dynamic order statistics tree .
[ 22:55 ]
Example of inserting an element into the tree .
[ 26:11 ]
Example of rotating a tree .
[ 29:30 ] Methodology of data structure augmentation .
[ 36:45 ]
Data structure augmentation applied to construct interval trees .
[ 37:31 ]
Example of time - intervals .
[ 39:48 ]
Query operation on interval trees - find an interval in the set that overlaps a given query interval .
[ 41:15 ]
Step 1 , underlying data structure : red - black tree keyed on low endpoint .
[ 45:10 ] Step 2 , additional node information : largest value in the subtree rooted at that node .
[ 50:24 ]
Step 3 , modifying ops : insert , delete .
[ 56:55 ]
Step 4 , new ops : Interval - Search .
[ 01:00:00 ] Example of Interval - Search algorithm .
[ 01:06:30 ] Running time of Interval - Search -- O( lg ( n ) ) .
[ 01:07:20 ]
List all overlaps ( k of them ) in O ( k* lg ( n ) ) time .
[ 01:08:50 ]
Best algorithm to find all overlaps to date os O(k + lg( n ) ) .
[ 01:09:11 ] Correctness proof of Interval - Search algorithm .
Lecture eleven notes :
Lecture 11 , page 1 of 2 . Lecture 11 , page 2 of 2 .
Have fun augmenting data structures !
The next post will be about a simple and efficient search structure called skip list .
Some four years ago I have established contact with CIA officials on their web site .
They have called me to US Embassy in Islamabad where I have been grilled for three hours .
I have told them that some dreaded terrorists including Osama bin Laden were brought to tribal areas situated on Pak - Afghan border .
The CIA officials later told me that a decision about my role will be taken in Washington .
I have been waiting for their response for the last four years , but so far I have received no response .
The CIA is not interested in arresting the terrorists .
The secret agency is just deceiving the world .
Here the question arises why CIA is not coming open in war on terror .
The CIA can equally be held responsible for spreading terrorism in the world .
Everyone including me has terror and fear from CIA , which is a proof of its involvement in terrorism .
Its agents can kill any person anytime .
Its agents are carrying out secret attacks in tribal areas .
The Culprits
http://www.saw5.com
Maybe when you click that link , you can view any of the trailers you want to see .
I get INSTANTLY redirected to their page warning me I do n't have Flash .
Well that 's interesting .
I swear , I was just on Youtube , maybe 12 seconds ago ?
To even further the dilemma I face , I actually visited their site by clicking a FLASH BANNER I saw on IMDB .
If I really did n't have Flash , I would have never been able to click that advertisement .
In fact , what 's the point of warning me I do n't have Flash and then preventing me from seeing any content ?
Ca n't they just let me take the gigantic risk and view the site , while still acknowledging their very helpful warning ?
What 's the point of even warning me ?
Let 's assume I do n't have the Flash plugin installed .
Okay , let 's pull up a very popular site that I am more likely to view than the Saw 5 website .
Youtube .
I go to Youtube .
Hey , this video is n't loading , but there 's a warning from my browser that will clear it up for me by installing this plugin .
Okay , it 's installed .
I should be fine now .
The browser will take care of installing Flash .
It has for YEARS now , and will continue to do so .
I do n't need some movie trailer site informing me that I do n't have Flash .
If you did not have Flash by the time you visited saw5.com , chances are you are well aware of that .
You 've either decided to not install Flash at all , or can't get the piece of crap working yet .
For the record , the Saw 4 website does n't have this " feature " and I can view all of the wonderful Flash content .
Related Posts On PBH & The Web No related posts .
From The PBH Network Hot On The Web
Earlier in the year , there was a surge in press coverage of the chemical Bisphenol A ( BPA ) , which is used in the manufacture of polycarbonate plastics and epoxy resins .
Since these plastics and epoxies are used in many food containers , the worries focused on the risk of exposure through everything from bottled water to baby food .
After reassuring statements from the US Food and Drug Administration and European Food Safety Authority , however , things seemed to quiet down .
Expect them to pick up again , thanks to the the publication of a study in The Journal of the American Medical Association that finds high exposure to BPA to be linked with diagnoses of heart disease and diabetes .
The new study relied on data from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey .
Nearly 1,500 adults , ranging in age from 18 to 74 years old , were surveyed on whether they had obtained diagnoses of various diseases , including different types of heart disease , diabetes , cancer , arthritis , and several others .
Urine tests were performed to test the levels of BPA exposure , as the chemical is quickly processed by the liver and excreted .
Liver and kidney function tests were also performed by testing for creatinine in the urine and levels of a panel of liver enzymes .
Various demographic factors were accounted for , including education , income , smoking , and body - mass index .
There was a strong correlation between body mass index and BPA levels ; those within the recommended BMI range carried 3.91ng / mL of BPA , while those in the Obese II category had 6.93ng / mL .
There were also correlations with two medical conditions : cardiovascular diseases and diabetes .
Those with BPA concentrations a single standard deviation higher than normal faced an odds ratio of 1.39 of having been diagnosed with heart problems , and similar odds of being diabetic .
Viewed another way , those with BPA levels that placed them in the top quarter of the group had nearly triple the probability of having heart disease as those in the lowest .
For diabetes , the probability was 2.43 .
No other disease showed any indication of an association .
The authors considered the possibility that BPA was simply a proxy for obesity , with the two being linked because higher food intake increased BPA exposure .
The link between BPA and an elevated liver enzyme , however , persisted after obese subjects were excluded .
The authors are rather cautious in their conclusions , noting that the literature on BPA is somewhat confused because different rodents and humans metabolize and excrete the chemical through separate pathways .
Still , there is pretty persuasive evidence that BPA can mimic some of the actions of estrogen , and the authors argue that these results merit a prospective study , in which BPA levels are tracked and then correlated with later disease onset , instead of current health issues .
The discussion suggests that there is no known mechanism to directly link this activity to cardiac problems .
An accompanying editorial , however , is not so circumspect .
In it , the authors argue that responses to BPA and other hormonal mimics often show a biphasic response , in which low levels trigger changes that are distinct from those caused by higher levels , and that this explains the somewhat confusing toxicology .
Clear biological responses occur , they argue , at BPA levels well below the current safety standards .
Why has n't the FDA acted on what the authors term 21st - century biology ?
" One factor that may be contributing to the refusal of regulatory agencies to take action on BPA in the face of overwhelming evidence of harm from animal studies reported in peer - reviewed publications by academic and government scientists is an aggressive disinformation campaign , " they write , " using techniques ( ' manufactured doubt ' ) first developed by the lead , vinyl , and tobacco industries to challenge the reliability of findings published by independent scientists . "
This accusation may seem a bit heavy - handed , but I was shocked to discover that BPA has its own website — filled with happy news — sponsored by an industry trade group .
Overall , I tend to favor the more cautious approach suggested by the authors who performed the research .
The work needs to be repeated and extended , and there is no clear mechanism that links BPA to cardiac ailments , although the evidence for a link to insulin and diabetes is stronger .
Still , it seems imperative that any potential links be explored quickly and thoroughly .
Further reading :
Both articles have been made open access , and contain far more information than can be covered in this news story .
Web 2.0 storytelling : Hamlet retold via Facebook .
It goes on , right through to the end .
( thanks to Peter Naegele ! )
You ever write a named_scope and think hey framework , I already wrote a schema – why are you bothering me with all this work ?!
What about those times when you ’re sitting behind the wheel of your ride and the warning flag is up because Johnny gave Jimmy a little too hard of a bump around turn number three and you are left wondering just how fast you should go ?
I mean sure you ’re worried about Jimmy being ok and all , that sure was quite the spinout back there , but geez , this is the Quest For The Cup and your points total is not going to grow itself !
Well the latter situation has had a pacecar for a while - and now the first one does too .
Pacecar is a plugin for rails application which gives your ActiveRecord models a bunch of class methods based ( mostly ) on database introspection .
It looks at column names and types to generate named_scope methods at load time which can be used in your app and combined with other named_scope s as well .
Pacecar ( Racing ) Pacecar ( Ruby gem )
Communicates driving speed limit to automobile racers Yes No Provides named_scope s to ActiveRecord classes No Yes Does the boring work for you so you can have fun Yes Yes
Assume we have the following schema in a rails application …
class CreateSchema < ActiveRecord :: Migration def self .
up create_table :users , : force => true do | t | t . boolean : admin , : default => false , : null => false t .
datetime :approved_at t . datetime : rejected_at t . string : first_name t . string : last_name t . text : description t . timestamps end create_table : posts , : force => true do | t | t .
string : owner_type t . integer : owner_id t . string : publication_state t . string : post_type t . timestamps end create_table : comments , : force => true do | t | t .
integer : user_id t . text : description t . timestamps end end end
This is a fairly basic scenario - most applications are not this simple .
But , this is enough to get the point across , and the benefits really only grow as you add more tables and more models .
Here ’s how we might model this data ( the unfamiliar methods are coming from pacecar and will be explained shortly ) .
class User < ActiveRecord ::
Base has_many : posts , : as => : owner has_many : comments scopes_ranking : comments end class Post < ActiveRecord :: Base PUBLICATION_STATES
= %w ( Draft Submitted Rejected Accepted ) TYPES = %w ( Free Open Private Anonymous PostModern ) belongs_to :owner , :polymorphic => true scopes_state :publication_state scopes_state : post_type , : with => TYPES scopes_polymorph : owner end class Comment < ActiveRecord :: Base belongs_to :user end
Ok , so you have a schema and you have some models .
Now , what named_scope do you need ?
Here ’s what you get for free , when the pacecar plugin is installed …
# Records where approved_at is not null , or where it is null …
User .
approved_at_present
User .
approved_at_missing
# Records where first_name is not null , or where it is null …
User .
first_name_present
User .
first_name_missing
# Records ordered by first_name ( default to ‘ asc’ , can specify to override ) …
User .
by_first_name User . by_first_name ( :asc ) User . by_first_name ( : desc )
# Records where an attribute matches a search term ( column LIKE " %term % " ) …
User .
first_name_matches ( ' John ' )
# Records where an attribute starts or ends with a search term …
User .
first_name_starts_with ( ' A ' ) User . first_name_ends_with ( 'a ' )
# Records where any non -state text or string column matches term …
User .
search_for ( ' test ' )
# Records where any of a list of columns match the term …
User .
search_for ' test ' , :on => [ : first_name , : last_name ]
# Records where all of a list of columns match the term …
User .
search_for ' test ' , :on => [ : first_name , : last_name ] , : require => : all # Records that are all admins or non-admins …
User .
admin User .
not_admin # Records approved before or after certain times …
User .
approved_at_before ( 5 . days . ago )
User .
approved_at_after ( 4 . weeks . ago )
# Records with approved_at in the past or future …
User .
approved_at_in_past
User .
approved_at_in_future
# Records with approved_at inside or outside of two times …
User .
approved_at_inside ( 10 . days .
ago , 1 . day . ago )
User .
approved_at_outside ( 2 . days .
ago , 1 . day . ago )
# Records with certain year , month or day …
User .
approved_at_in_year ( 2000 ) User .
approved_at_in_month ( 01 ) User .
approved_at_in_day ( 01 ) # Records with a duration ( time delta between two columns ) of , #over or under a certain number of days …
User .
with_duration_of ( 14 , :approved_at , :rejected_at ) User .
with_duration_over ( 14 , :approved_at , :rejected_at ) User .
with_duration_under ( 14 , :approved_at , :rejected_at )
# First x records …
User .
limited ( 10 )
And by using those # scopes_ * class methods in the models , we also get …
# Records which have an owner_type of User… Post .
for_owner_type ( User )
# Records with the most and least associated records …
User .
maximum_comments
User .
minimum_comments
# Records which are in a particular state , or not in a state …
Post .
publication_state_draft
Post .
post_type_not_open
To get the latest pacecar straight from git as a rails plugin , you can do ..
ruby script / plugin install git://github.com/thoughtbot/pacecar.git
Alternately you can use the gem version from github …
gem sources -a http://gems.github.com
sudo gem install thoughtbot - pacecar
.. and then add a line like this to your config/environment.rb …
config . gem ' thoughtbot -pacecar ' , : lib => ' pacecar ' , :version => '>= 1.0.0 ' , : source => ' http://gems.github.com'
After installing pacecar with either of these methods you will be up and running with all the for free methods , and you ’ll then be able to add in the class method calls for enabling the Polymorph , State and Ranking use cases .
Hey dev team , can you tell us how many users are active but dont have bios ?
User .
bio_missing .
active .
count
How many events have we had that last longer than a week ?
Event .
with_duration_over ( 7 , : starts_at , :ends_at ) . count
Can I see the titles and authors of all the blog posts that we are scheduled to post in the future ?
Post .
published_at_in_future .
collect { | p | " #{ p . title } #{ p . user .
name } " }
Pacecar does a decent amount of method generation at load time - so if you ’re opposed to having lots of methods you should be aware of that .
You should also do an audit of the class methods you already have in place before installing pacecar , and make sure you ’re not overwriting any of your own methods ( named scopes or otherwise ) .
Also , if you ’re philosophically opposed to method generation … this does that .
That ’s right only 3 things .
Oh , there are plenty of things that I wish I would have learned about at university , but I am well aware that no degree will give you an exhaustive education in your field .
A degree is meant to teach you the basics and equip you with skills so that you can learn the rest yourself .
However , as I get more experience as a software developer , I find that I am increasingly frustrated about not having been exposed to these three things before I entered the workforce .
I believe that any Computer Science degree can be made a lot more relevant simply by paying more attention to these three points .
Had I had more exposure to these things before starting my working life , I believe it would have given me some real world skills that I could have applied straight away , rather than having to scramble to learn everything I needed to know on the job .
It would have made me better able to deal with the requirements of my work and would also have made me a better citizen of the IT community .
1. Open Source Development
I found that open source was never really taught .
Some students found out on their own and got into it , but the majority did n’t find out at all .
At no other time in their lives will students have as much time on their hands to get involved as they do at university ; it could truly be a mutually beneficial relationship .
Instead , a great opportunity is lost here both for the students and for the open source movement .
I believe most CS subjects should encourage students to either start their own open source projects or preferably participate in existing ones .
It should be part of the curriculum and part of the grading process .
Open source projects could gain valuable contributions , while students not only gain skills in a real - world setting , but also the use of tools , processes and valuable interpersonal skills that a simulated university environment just ca n’t provide .
2. An Agile Process ( e.g. XP , Scrum )
I ’ll amend this ; I wish they taught any process to such a degree that people can actually gain at least a passing familiarity with it , even waterfall .
I found process was more or less glossed over during my university time .
Sure there were a few lectures that mentioned it , but noone really explained the need for process and there was never any practical application of the knowledge .
In this case without practical application it is almost impossible to take - in the concepts .
Of course it would have been even better had agile processes been taught since these are a lot more relevant to the industry today .
Teaching agile processes to university students is probably one sure - fire way to start changing the software industry for the better .
Students would come out with a decent understanding of how software should be built and would be a lot less likely to be brainwashed by companies with outmoded modi operandi ( lets face there are still plenty around ) .
Instead students enter the work force completely ignorant about how things should be done and another great opportunity is lost both for the students and for the IT industry in general .
3. Corporate Politics / Building Relationships
It may not seem so to most people , but I believe that this is by far the most important point where my CS degree let me down .
So much emphasis is placed on technical subjects that you never get to find out how life really works in the corporate world .
Of course this is the hardest to figure out on your own .
As a freshly minted CS grad , you think technology is the most important thing in the world .
So , when you find your feet in the corporate world it is a bit of a rude shock how everything seems so dysfunctional and moves at such a glacial pace , until that is you figure out that technology is not the most important thing at all and that corporate politics rules the coop .
Even in high technology companies , politics is king and the cornerstone of politics is relationships .
The right relationships can let you get things done , and make your life a lot less difficult .
However the concepts around politics and relationships are not well defined , there are no hard and fast rules , everything is very relative and fluffy .
Of course for technically minded people this is the most frustrating thing in the world .
It does n’t have to be like this though , just like everything else , politics and relationship building have basic principles that can be taught , so I fail to see why they are not .
Had they been maybe industry would n’t crying out anywhere near as much for technical people with great interpersonal skills .
Because it is not the interpersonal skills that the grads are lacking ( there are plenty of CS grads with great people skills ) , it is the ability to use these skills to effectively build relationships .
Well that ’s , my take on it .
It has been a few years since I was at university so maybe in the intervening years things have improved and what I mention above is part of the curriculum ( somehow that strikes me as unlikely ) .
Then again perhaps you disagree with me on one or all of the points I mentioned .
Do you think there are any other vital subjects that your CS degree should cover ?
Let me know .
This is a discussion of high - level application design in Cocoa that aims to explain the major class roles in an AppKit application and how they are connected .
I 'll show you much more detail than simply " Model - View - Controller " and I also give a specific example of how all the concepts apply to a real application .
The anecdote
The other day , I was showing a friend how to program in Cocoa .
She is a very good programmer but has never really programmed a user - application — working almost exclusively on embedded and server applications .
The experience reminded me that even good programmers can be unaware of basic design traits of user - applications which , while common to user - applications on all platforms , are not common to all programming .
So even though it 's more " novice " than my regular fare , it would appear that even simple topics can be useful to advanced programmers .
A starting point
" Model - View - Controller " is the term normally used to describe the structure of modern applications .
Almost every discussion of application design begins with it and I guess I will too .
It looks like this :
Your document data ( the " model " ) notifies the intermediary ( the " controller " ) and it tells your user interface elements ( " the view " ) to update .
Going back in the other direction , user actions in the user - interface trigger notifications to the intermediary which modifies the data .
The rationale may not be immediately obvious .
Let me explain it this way :
User applications are big and complex — even seemingly simple applications .
To manage complexity , everything is compartmentalised .
To keep the boundaries between compartments clean , connections between compartments should be simple and generic .
Obviously , you do n't want the model and view to be the same thing because then , there is no separation at all and the application will be a tangled mess .
Direct connections between model and view are normally frowned upon because it creates a situation where they must know too much about each other 's internal state to interoperate .
Instead , a controller object ( which knows about connective state but little else ) is used to keep the interaction simple and generic .
Better than Model - View - Controller
These traits of Model - View - Controller are all good things but in reality , it says little about how to assemble an application .
Real applications have many more traits in common than a separation between model and view .
A more complete diagram of a typical application 's design would look like this :
In this diagram , solid black arrows indicate construction and hierarchic ownership .
Feint gray arrows indicate communication in response to changes .
Application instance
The application instance incorporates the program entry point and the event loop ( which handles all user events like mouse and keyboard actions ) .
As the starting point of the program , the application instance constructs the other top - level objects in the program .
Application controllers
The term " Application User Interface " is used in this part of the diagram to refer to elements of the user - interface that are not part of the document or the main window .
These objects are constructed by the application at startup .
They should only handle things which exist before the main window or main document is open or which fall outside the bounds of these areas .
Example behavior here includes the application preferences window and the Mac OS X menu bar .
Document instance
This is the first point where a programmer begins to exercise significant control over the program 's behavior .
The document loads or constructs the program 's data and constructs the windows to show it .
A common mistake is to think that your program does n't have a " document " so you should n't model a document class .
In reality , if a program does anything then it is changing some piece of data ( a preference file , a set of objects for rendering in OpenGL , the result of a calculation ) .
You should design your program with this piece of data as the document .
Even if your program only has one window , even if it only works with the same piece of data , even if you are n't writing a " Cocoa Document - based Application " ; you should always have a class at the heart of your program which can be called " the current document " .
Window controllers
A window controller is the class responsible for loading a window and putting it on screen .
The window controller is responsible for giving context to the views and controls within the window , connecting them to data controllers which will provide them with data .
It is common for window controllers to double as data controllers for some functions since the window controller knows the state required to make the connection .
This is not a bad thing in itself but should be resisted in the long term since it leads to bloat in the window controller ( which often has a lot of work to do already ) .
Generic , data - specific controllers should be used for this task .
User Interface Elements
Where possible , these should be generic elements : buttons , text display , image display .
They end up performing specific actions when connected ( through controllers ) to their contextually supplied data .
User interface elements are normally hierarchic .
The screen contains windows ; windows contain views ; views contain subviews .
One window is normally in front ( main window ) and one view within this window is normally the focus .
The application 's " event loop " will send keyboard actions , mouse events and menu selections to this focus object .
Unhandled events get passed up through the hierarchy so that parents can handle events that their children do n't handle .
The handling of events should be managed as low in the hierarchy as possible .
Again , consolidation in parents leads to bloat .
Even " small " applications can become very big .
Data Controllers
These should be as generic as possible .
Their purpose should be to relay information from a source to a destination about data changes .
The simplest manifestation of a data controller is for a third - party to establish or enable the Observer design pattern between two objects .
The worst approach ( sometimes called an anti-pattern ) is an all encompassing arbiter object that receives every change request the program makes , performs the change and then updates everything that needs to be updated .
This approach is unsustainable on an application - wide scale .
Decomposition is key — data controllers should have small , focussed scope .
An example application
Now we 'll look quickly at what this means in an AppKit - based application .
This application is a simple program that creates and edits lists of names .
I know that 's a pretty trivial thing for a program to do but the example must be simple so I can describe it here properly .
You can download the project described in this diagram , although it is n't necessary to understand the discussion .
The application object is an unmodified NSApplication .
This will almost always be the case in any Cocoa Application .
You can achieve most customisation of the NSApplication object through data ( in the Info. plist file ) or by attaching an application delegate object ( which can intercept control at predetermined points ) .
The application instance handles our startup , event loop and contruction of documents ( I have discussed how a Cocoa application loads in a previous post ) .
This application does n't have any preferences or significant data outside the scope of the document , so the " Application Controllers " section just has the Main Menu in it .
Documents in AppKit act as both a data controller for the data ( in this case , an array of strings ) and the window controller for the main document window .
The document handles saving and reading to and from any file on disk .
This could be done with basic NSKeyed Archiver methods to turn an array of strings into an NSData object for writing to disk .
The window is loaded automatically from the window NIB file ( specified in the program 's Info.plist file ) .
The NIB file for the document contains an NSArrayController which is connected to the list of names from the document via the appropriate keyPath .
This allows the NSArrayController to issue key value observing notifications when it changes the array and similarly allows it to update automatically when something else changes the array on the document .
The NIB file for the document also contains the window , which in turn contains an NSTableView .
The NIB file specifies that the NSTableView 's only column ( displayed using the NSTextCell ) should get its data from the NSArrayController .
In this way , the table is updated to display the list of names contained in the document .
The NSTextCell displays the name for each row and allows editing .
If an entry is changed in this way , notifications are sent back through the NSArrayController to the document .
Similarly , the " Add New Name " button can add a new object by communicating with the NSArrayController , asking it to create a new object and insert it in the array , which triggers all relevant change propagations .
Conclusion
All of this may seem like a lot of work — setting up connections and controllers and notifications .
When starting a new program , you may think that many of these elements do n't apply to you .
Be careful — do n't chase false simplicity .
Remember , Cocoa was written to make the approach described in this article easier than the alternatives .
Classes like NSArrayController and protocols like NSKeyValueObserving and NSKeyValueBindingCreation make connecting large amounts of data as simple as point and click in Interface Builder .
In many cases , it ends up being faster than manually connecting a button or text field directly to a method on your document class .
You will always have change behaviors that cannot be connected using these generic objects but following the same structural patterns that they use will keep your application clean and make it work better within Cocoa .
Won Jeong Hwa : North Korean Spy and Modern Day Mata Hari
, a temptress - spy who used sex to gain classified information , which she then passed on to North Korea , has been dubbed a modern day Mata Hari by the press .
Like Mata Hari , the Dutch exotic dancer and courtesan who was executed for espionage during World War I , Won Jeong Hwa used " sex as a tool " for her missions , seducing South Korean officers .
She entered the South in 2001 after marrying a South Korean businessman in China , falsely reporting to authorities that she was a defector from the North .
Won , 34 , was arrested in July on charges of passing classified information to the North , including the locations of key military installations , lists of North Korean defectors and personal information on South Korean military officers .
According to investigators , she plotted to assassinate South Korean agents with poisoned needles provided by handlers from Pyongyang .
On Wednesday , Won was found guilty of all charges and sentenced to five years in prison .
In South Korea , spying for North Korea is a crime that carries the death penalty as the maximum sentence .
In issuing its sentence the court took into consideration that the information Won sent to the North did not pose serious threats to the country 's security and that she has repented and cooperated with the investigation .
More photos of Won Jeong Hwa below .
Einstein le perroquet
Vous aimez le site , affichez les pubs :)
Code embed
Einstein un perroquet intelligent qui fait pleins de tours oiseau dressé dressage parrot smart bird animal
animal dressage einstein imitation intelligent oiseau perroquet tour
What a difference four years makes .
In August of 2004 , when he was running for re-election , George Bush turned what had been a nebulous idea encompassing various privatisation and investment ideas into a formal objective , releasing a " fact sheet " detailing his policies that would promote this capitalist utopia known as the " ownership society " .
More access and choices in healthcare !
More home ownership !
More tax relief !
It was all about getting the American taxpayers ' tax dollars back into their pockets where they belonged so they could buy stuff - because , as Bush explained : " If you own something , you have a vital stake in the future of our country .
The more ownership there is in America , the more vitality there is in America , and the more people have a vital stake in the future of this country . "
Four years later , millions of Americans are now without healthcare , home foreclosures are skyrocketing , bankruptcy is epidemic and the headlines blare " Nightmare on Wall Street " as the country faces the worst economic crisis since the 1930s .
The people who were supposed to own a vital stake in America 's future by now are lucky if they still own the shirts on their backs .
The ownership society – built on the shoddy foundation of corporate deregulation , unchecked lending , massive deficits and tax cuts during a time of war – has failed .
And its failure is owned by precisely no one .
Bush , once the golden boy of modern conservatism , has now been disowned by the entire Republican party , who are seemingly just as eager to disown the name of the party itself :
The words " Bush " and " Republican " were hardly spoken at the Republican National Convention earlier this month .
And the bloody scene on MSNBC's Hardball yesterday – in which host Chris Matthews went after Republican congressman Eric Cantor like a starving dog on a steak , tenaciously exhorting him to take political responsibility for his party 's economic policies – was a slaughter , with Matthews declaring at one point : " I have never in my life seen a party run from its own record like the Republicans have . "
Matthews :
The problem you have is that your colleague from Virginia , Tom Davis , who once ran your campaign committee , said that if the Republican party was dog food , they 'd take it off the shelves .
And you have n't used the word " Republican " tonight ; your party did n't use it in the acceptance speech ; John McCain never said the word " Republican " ; he never said the word " Bush " ; you 're trying to take off your uniforms and run from the field of political battle and claim you 're not Republicans .
You 're claiming - you 're running against this administration !
And I 'm not going to let anybody get away with that kind of foolery !
You have to take responsibility , sir .
The policies of this administration that has gotten us into this mess - you can't walk away and say , " Oh , we had nothing to do with this " .
But that is , of course , exactly what the Republicans are now trying to do .
Bush is persona non grata .
The ownership society ?
Never heard of it !
Gee , it 's a terrible situation we 're in – how'd that happen ?
Well , never mind .
Now is not the time to point fingers and lay blame !
Let us tell you about a hot little commodity named John McCain .
What is , perhaps , most unrelentingly galling about their affected posture is that , even as they disown , disclaim and distance themselves from Bush 's economic policies and promote McCain as some sort of saviour , they refuse to acknowledge that his proposals are just more of the same conservative überfail that got us into this morass in the first place .
Had he brilliant economic proposals , or even different ones , it might legitimately warrant their abandonment of Bush and his antiquated fiscal sensibilities .
But McCain is merely a new face on the same old swill .
They wo n't own it with Bush 's name stamped on it , but they 'll line up behind near - identical policies in droves , hoping no one will notice – hoping to help sell those policies again to the American people .
It 's stunning , really .
The hypocrisy of the personal responsibility brigade brazenly , utterly refusing to take responsibility for this mess , and the irony of these great champions of the ownership society flatly refusing to own the economic policies which have resulted in massive losses among American families , would be positively hilarious if it all were n't so goddamned tragic .
And what of McCain in all this ?
Once upon a time , he was an honourable man – and , while it 's debatable how kinda sorta mavericky he ever really was during the first part of his career in the Senate , it seems fair to suggest there was probably a time when he would have refused to play the role of new - and - improved packaging on economic policies that had been comprehensively disastrous for America .
But the 2000 election left the taste of presidency in his mouth and Karl Rove 's bootprint on his back .
Whatever decency and integrity there had ever been in the man disappeared in a moment , as he infused with new meaning that dear old chestnut :
If you can't beat 'em , join 'em .
He once said he would n't want to lose a war to win an election .
His position on losing his soul seems more flexible .
He now stands at the front of the Republican party , poised to lead them back into the White House , given the right number of electoral votes , and he refuses , like all the rest , to accept any responsibility for the current economic crisis , or to own up to the reality that he 's got nothing new up his sleeve , nothing that will effectively and significantly alter the course we are already on – a dearth of ideas that , comically , is owed to the unwavering fealty to partisan doctrine he had to affect in order to become his party 's nominee , genuflecting to the precious tax cuts that no one wants to own .
Not anymore .
So much for the ownership society .
Karzai blames Britain for Taliban resurgence
Tue , 01 Jan 2008 ANI
Kabul , Sept.8 ( ANI ) : Afghanistan President Hamid Karzai has blamed Britain for the resurgence of the Taliban and its growing activity in large tracts of his country .
Interacting with a group of Afghan MPs , Karzai said that he and British Prime Minister Gordon Brown had a row over warlords and drugs barons .
According to The Times , Karzai claims Brown threatened to withdraw British troops from southern Helmand province , if Karzai took the step of reappointing two provincial governors sacked for alleged dealings in the heroin trade .
One of them was Sher Mohammed Akhundzada , the former governor of Helmand .
Karzai's plan to reinstate the governors has alarmed western diplomats in Kabul and dismayed British officials .
With 117 British soldiers dying in Afghanistan since 2001 , diplomats say it would be hard to justify such sacrifices if drug barons continue to hold sway in the country .
Akhundzada is regarded as a powerful tribal leader in the area and Karzai is convinced his return would help the government reassert control .
In a recent interview , Karzai said Akhundzada 's alleged links to drugs could be overlooked .
Karzai had denounced Britain 's opposition to the return of Akhundzada in meetings with Afghan MPs last month .
Some western diplomats in Afghanistan suspect , however , that Akhundzada has encouraged Taliban attacks on British forces to make his tenure as governor look like " a golden age " .
They fear his reinstatement could actually lead to an escalation of fighting between rival drugs gangs .
( ANI )
Hey kids !
Guess what time it is ?
It ’s time for some Vim Tips !
What ?
Do n’t make that face !
Vim is awesome !
Do n’t give me that “ B - b - but mistur Luke , we do n’t use vim ! ”
That wo n’t work with me again !
You know damn well you should be using it .
What is your lame excuse today ?
Is it “ vim is to hard ” ?
Suck it up you babies .
Real men and women use vi and that ’s that !
There is only one excuse that I ’m willing to accept , and that excuse is “ I use Emacs ” .
So , how many of you whining babies use emacs ?
One person ?
Ok , you are excused – you can go sit over there .
Your exercise is to write an elisp macro to do something interesting .
The rest of you , STFU and listen .
No , I do n’t care you use Eclipse on a daily basis .
Just get the viPlugin and you will have the combined power of Vi and Eclipse at your fingertips .
How awesome is that .
No , do n’t shrug – it ’s fucking awesome , and you are gonna like it , right now !
There , that ’s better .
Ok , question from the back row .
Yes , you – the guy with the stupid face .
You use word ?
You know what – get the fuck out !
Just get out and never come back .
Actually , on the second thought wait .
Sit your ass down and try the ViEmu thing .
I tested it a while ago and it was pretty cool .
Unfortunately it tad expensive and I could not justify purchasing it since I only use Word when I ’m forced to .
Still , it might work for you .
Anyways , this might be the first post of a series .
I ’m going to use it to drop little bits of vim lore that I want to remember for the future .
How do I use Vim input methodology for my text boxes in Firefox ?
I think I mentioned it before but I use the It ’s All Text ! plugin .
It puts a tiny little button next to all the textarea elements on the page .
Pressing that button opens up the textarea contents in your editor of choice .
For me that ’s gVim but just about anything will do .
Hey , emacs guy – did you hear that ?
That one will be useful for you too .
Write it down .
MS
Word guy , STFU !
You do n’t get to say anything !
There is another plugin out there called MozEx which seems to be doing something very similar .
I have n’t tested it but it seems like it will also let you use vim for textareas .
I use It ’s All Text ! and my HTML does n’t get highlighted
That ’s because the plugin saves your buffer as a txt file .
I got around this by simply forcing all text files to highlight as if they were HTML .
It does n’t really affect normal . txt files , but if you plug some HTML into one of them , it will look nice .
If you want to do the same , just paste this into your .vimrc
au BufRead , BufNewFile *.txt setfiletype html
Luke , why is this post so long ?
How many words have you typed so far ?
I do n’t know , let me check …
g
I typed 520 words so far .
I ’m like halfway done so stop whining .
Anyway , this is how you do it .
Select some text , then press g and then Ctrl+G and you will see bunch of useful information in the status line .
For example , the number of words you have typed so far .
Cool , eh ?
It ’s especially useful if you are trying to meet some word count requirement .
Which , I usually do n’t do very often as you might have noticed .
I start typing , and then stop when the post seems like it ’s done .
Heh , I wonder how many times you typed the word “ vim ” in this post ?
Again , not sure , but let me check …
:%s/vim //gin
I typed it exactly 7 times .
Yep , it ’s another nifty trick – you can use the good old regular expressions in a non-standard way .
For example the n modifier will prevent the replacement taking place in the regex above .
Instead vim will simply print out the number of matches on the status line .
Finally , last tip of the day :
How do I delete everything from the cursor up to but not including a specified character sequence ?
A little specific , is n’t it ?
But it is useful when you want to delete a big chunk of text .
I mean , yes there is always the good old dt command which deletes till the first occurence of a character that follows it .
There is also d ) which deletes the whole sentence and d} which deletes the whole paragraph but this let ’s you be very , very specific .
Here is how you do it :
d/char-sequence
That is , you press d ( or c if you just want to switch to insert mode ) , then press ‘/’ to enter search mode , enter a character sequence , and hit return .
This also works with other commands so you can also do :
v/char-sequence
That ’s all I have for now .
I hope you enjoyed this quick batch of Vim tips .
And if you did n’t I do n’t care .
The emacs guy over there seems happy because he found out It ’s All Text !
plugin and the MS Word guy is crying cause I called him names .
Eh …
There might be more of these . :)
Geologists discover ' dinosaur dancefloor ' in remote American wilderness
An amazing array of footprints made by more than 1,000 dinosaurs have been uncovered on the Arizona - Utah border in the U.S .
Scientists have likened the wealth of tracks and tail - drag marks on the three - quarter acre site to a crowded ' dinosaur dance floor . '
Geologist Winston Seiler with some of the dinosaur tracks he identified for his thesis as a University of Utah master 's degree student .
The tracks were made some 190 million years ago
They believe the remote dry wilderness was once a sandy desert oasis 190 million years ago .
It was then in the tropics as part of the supercontinent Pangaea .
' We 're looking at an area much like the Sahara Desert with blowing sand dunes , ' geologist Winston Seiler reported in the international paleontology journal Palaios .
' Areas between these sand dunes could have had ponds - oases . '
This would explain the sheer number of tracks as the exhausted thirsty giants traveled to the watering hole .
' Unlike other trackways that may have several to dozens of footprint impressions , this particular surface has more than 1,000 , ' lead researcher Professor Marjorie Chan from Utah University said .
' It was a place that attracted a crowd , kind of like a dance floor . '
Tracks from sauropodomorphs - dinosaurs who walk on four legs - were found at the site
The range of tracks suggest at least four dinosaur species ranging from youngsters to adults visited the site .
' The different size tracks ( from one to 20 inches long ) may tell us that we are seeing mothers walking around with babies , ' Seiler said .
He marked off 10 random plots of two square yards and counted 473 tracks - an average of 12 per square yard .
His conservatively estimates the site has more than 1,000 tracks , but he and Chan believe there could be thousands .
They also discovered 2.4inch - wide tail - drag marks up to 24 feet long , which are particularly rare .
There are fewer than a dozen such sites worldwide .
Geologists believe these markings show dinosaur footprints and tail - drag marks .
Dinosaur footprints are named by their shape because the species and genus of animal that made them is n't known
When the site was first visited in 2005 , Professor Chan originally thought they were strange potholes caused by erosion .
However , on closer examination she discovered dinosaur features such as obvious claw , toe and heel marks .
After the dinosaurs left their prints the trample surface was covered by shifting dunes , which eventually became Navajo Sandstone .
Then the rock slowly eroded away exposing the tracks .
' The tracks will eventually erode too , ' Seiler said .
(L) A 14 - inch - long Sauropodomorph dinosaur track is two footprints in one .
It was left by the front and back foot of a dinosaur that walked on four legs
( R) Scientists believe this 4 - inch long Grallator dinosaur track was made by a tiny dinosaur only 3ft tall
I attended about half of the the JVM Language Summit , from Wednesday through Friday at Sun ’s Santa Clara campus .
I ’m not really an expert on the deep nuances of JVM constructs like call sites and permgen and classloaders and so on , but still , I ’m sorry I missed some .
There were 70 or so people there , mostly way smarter than me .
Herewith impressions and pictures .
[ Update : See also write - ups from Ted Leung , Cliff Click , and John Rose . ]
Big Picture · Lots of interesting languages these days are choosing to host themselves on the JVM .
Most will go nowhere .
But , after the summit , my best guess is that some will become commercially important .
First , at least one of JRuby and Jython , based simply on improving the deployment options and library repertoire for existing code .
Plus , I ’d be astounded if at least one of Scala or Fan or Clojure or Groovy does n’t hit the big time ; they ’re just too well - crafted and compelling not to find a niche .
JCP Anyone ?
· Item : a small breakout group of really senior people is chewing over issues of language interoperability , which is hard even when you ’re all running on the JVM .
A few good ideas and lines of attack emerge ( I ’ll let the real experts blog those ) .
Then someone says “ I know , let ’s form a working group and do a JSR ! ” whereupon the room dissolves in raucous laughter .
Item : Mark Reinhold , who sits at the center of Sun ’s Java engineering group , gets a loud chorus of approval when he says “ We ’ll get invokedynamic into Java 7 ” .
Speaking of JSRs ...
Interesting times .
Interoperability ·
Here ’s the thing : all of these JVM - ized languages can call into existing Java APIs ; not a surprise since that ’s a big piece of the value proposition .
Some are better than others ; Groovy ( and it seems Clojure ) make the biggest deal about it .
But how about talking to each other ?
And how about Java calling Ruby or Clojure or Scala code ?
This is not an abstract issue , at least for me .
I ’ve been ripping the protocol - validation pieces of the Ape out from the generic - AtomPub - client pieces , and when I ’m done I ’ll have a bunch of Ruby code that would be super - useful for anyone building AtomPub client - ware .
Furthermore , it does n’t do any Ruby metaprogramming voodoo or even have blocks in the API , just old - fashioned objects and methods .
Plus it ’s got code for handling all sorts of icky authentication corner - cases .
Yeah , it ’s in Ruby so it wo n’t be as fast as Java , but who cares , it ’ll be stalled waiting for HTTP 99.5 % of the time anyhow .
So , why should someone have to write this again in Java ?
I ’m not saying interop is easy .
One hopeful sign is the work that Attila Szegedi has been doing on a Meta - Object Protocol .
Mind you , Attila ’s preso included the following Javalicious code fragment :
MetaobjectProtocolFactory mop = standardMetaobjectProtocol.createStandardMetaobjectProtocolFactory ( ) ;
Clojure · I ’ve mentioned Clojure a couple of times now , and while I previously knew it existed , I ’d thought “ Yeah , Lisp on the JVM , yawn , whatever ” .
Well , either Rich Hickey is one of the great tech salesman or Clojure is just overwhelmingly cool .
They ’ve added what feels to me just the right little bit of syntax ( gasp ) sugar .
Plus some exceptionally - palatable functional - programming machinery .
Do I really believe that a Lisp ( any Lisp ) will grab a big chunk of the ecosystem ?
Probably not .
Sigh .
But it still looks like a fine piece of work .
It ’s not just me ; you should have seen the buzz roll around Twitter .
PHP · IBM ’s Rob Nicholson , whose work I ’ve on Project Zero I ’ve discussed previously , was there .
No surprises , but I think this little sound - bite bears repeating : “ Conventional wisdom is that there are about 7 million Java , and about 3 million PHP , developers . ”
I remain skeptical that PHP will benefit as much as other languages might from the Java platform , but good on ’em for trying .
Oh , and by the way , the summit wiki is a PHP app ( snicker ) .
JVM and CLR / DLR · A couple of Microsofties were there pitching in and met with no hostility I could detect .
They ’re not building languages on the JVM , obviously , but they are facing damn similar problems .
Mads Torgersen got a laugh by saying “ The JVM is a millstone around your necks , just like the CLR is around ours ” .
The technology point that most amused we was around generics .
I yield to no - one in my passionate hatred of Java generics .
In particular , I was never convinced of the virtues of Type Erasure .
Well it turns out that the .NET ’s “ real ” generics with no erasure cause all sorts of heartburn for DLR dynlang guys .
Cloud , meet lining .
Soundbite · Per Bothner : “ Scala is perhaps a little too complicated for normal people ” .
Ya think ?
Thanks Brian ·
Most of the heavy lifting in pulling this together was by Brian Goetz , who has done the developer community and Sun a major service .
Hey Brian , do it again next year , OK ?
Microsoft may have made a big push to settle many of the antitrust actions facing it around the globe , but those efforts have run up against a major stumbling block : the company 's inability to document the protocols need to interoperate with its own software .
Documentation problems got Microsoft in hot water with the EU , and they 're now the only reason it continues to be under court supervision in the aftermath of its antitrust settlement .
But , despite having interoperability become a corporate strategy , its documentation efforts came under fire in a court hearing earlier today .
In the wake of antitrust actions , documentation of Microsoft technologies has become a method of allaying the concerns of legal authorities in both the US and EU .
By providing documentation of the APIs and protocols used by its products , Microsoft would not only allow third - party and open - source software to interact better with Windows and other software , but potentially enable them to write replacements , in whole or in part , for Microsoft products .
This , in theory , would enable more software companies to compete on equal terms with Redmond .
Unfortunately , the company has consistently had trouble with producing complete and useful documentation .
As noted above , the company struggled to satisfy EU authorities that it was complying with the agreement — that was 2006 .
By 2008 , documentation was rearing its ugly head in the US court system .
Microsoft 's consent decree with the federal and state attorneys general was set to expire , and most of the conditions were allowed to .
But Judge Colleen Kollar - Kotelly , who is overseeing the consent decree , ruled that Microsoft still had n't sufficiently documented some protocols , despite those documents having been due in 2003 .
As a result , the consent decree will remain in place at least until November of 2009 .
Today saw Kollar - Kotelly hold the latest hearing on the status of the consent agreements , and a number of reports suggest that there still seem to be problems there ( no legal documents arising from the hearing have been filed yet ) .
Although the Dow Jones Newswire seems to think everything is fine , other reports seem to contradict this .
Reuters , however , indicates that the Judge was a bit annoyed that Microsoft filed a document that suggested it viewed itself as being in full compliance with the agreement , given that the documentation was n't ready .
Referring to the 2009 date for the lifting of the consent agreement , she said , " That 's not going to happen unless these things get done . "
Meanwhile , CNet has quotes from the New York 's Attorney General 's office that suggest they are getting antsy .
After complaining that Microsoft appears to act as if it 's doing everyone a favor by complying with its legal obligations , Jay Hines is quoted as saying , " What we have today is the [ technical committee ] and its staff spoon - feeding the world 's biggest PC company .
Something about that just is n't right . "
Given that this is the last sword hanging over its metaphorical head in the US , it 's not clear why Microsoft is n't bending over backwards to make it go away .
Most developers find Microsoft's API documentation to be pretty good , so it 's clear that the company can produce similar documents when it is determined to .
Sorry , the page you are looking for can not be found .
This may be due to :
the article was by The Associated Press , which requires that we delete stories more than a month old , or
you typed the web address into your browser incorrectly , or
the page you were looking for may have been moved , updated or deleted in our October 2012 redesign
Please return to the ArkansasBusiness.com home page and use the search in the upper portion of the right - hand column or use some of the shortcuts below to existing sections .
We know you ’re not searching for nine reasons to prove that SQL data matters .
But it would n’t hurt to know them , now , would it ?
SQL has been in the game for a long time , and it ’s not going anywhere .
In this article , we will cover a variety of features of SQL that make it stand out .
Keep reading to find out .
1. Old - Timer
SQL / RDBMS has been around for long , starting with offline databases pre-web to heavily - modified databases for apples like Instagram .
They are reliable and have millions of hours of production value invested in them .
There ’s not much else to say about a database that works .
Not only does it work , but it also works well with information that is just waiting to corrupt , experience loss , or fail .
These cases are all mitigated by the advanced solutions of operational rigor , change management , backups – all of which art part of the SQL database .
2. Data Volume Management
Any real data science involves large volumes of data that are stored in a relational database .
Spreadsheets just can’t manage this data .
As the volume of data increases , spreadsheets become obsolete .
So the next best bet is SQL .
With it , you do n’t have to worry about dealing with large pools of data , as it can communicate , provide , and query insights from the entirety of a data set .
3. Simple Math
SQL was designed on tuple relational calculus and relational algebra .
Two forms of math specifically developed for such databases .
And if SQL was designed for data , then it excels at data .
That ’s pretty much how it works
If you put a mirror on a wall , it serves a purpose .
So does SQL , and it does it very well .
4. Community & Involvement
When a thing has been around for so long and deliberately extended its roots into a variety of streams of IT , it is bound to have some sort of community involvement surrounding it .
Over the years , SQL knowledge has been shared through the medium of community groups , documentation , and technical talent expressed on social media .
With a vast body of accessible information and an active community , you can acquire skills that cannot be attained without such a presence .
Because life gravitates towards the advancement of technology , so do these groups .
And as the level of knowledge depends , the abilities of the community expand .
5. Integration
As much as SQL is great a data manipulation , query , and access – it does have limiting faculties , such as visualization .
As a data user , you have to present your data that can easily be understood by anyone .
SQL cannot do this , but it does integrate with Python and R . Both of these can help you incorporate the data into a code package through the formation of a stored procedure .
Also , SQL has connection libraries , such as MySQLdb and SQLite , which can be helpful when you are connecting an application to an engine , allowing you to manipulate and interact with a dataset .
You can also integrate Knowi to compound elastic searches using your own data .
6. Simple
SQL is a simple language to learn .
It can take a matter of hours to learn how to execute basic functionality , such as query runs and data returns .
Even non-technical people are known to learn the basics of SQL to help support their role within the enterprise .
But , SQL can be taken on another level by deep involvement , which leads to a multitude of possibilities that open to a regular SQL enthusiast .
7. Open-Source
Even though SQL moved toward open - source databases , it is n’t completely interoperable .
Vendors are using a variety of other standards , primarily because of the variable syntax .
SQL syntax varies from vendor to vendor , but it is entirely possible to reuse it with minor modifications .
Nonetheless , this is less than ideal , and vendors would prefer for it not to be reusable .
But databases like MongoDB and PostgreSQL serve different purposes , hence why one is open - source , and the other not .
8. Omnipresent
With over half of the develops using SQL in some form , it is safe to presume that the language is ubiquitous .
And this is not bad .
Knowledge thrives in this industry , and because of the simplicity , SQL is common amongst developers .
​ This means that the skill set is widely - present , and talent is already available in overbearing amounts , which stems from continuous growth who want to employ SQL in their work for a company .
Therefore , the ubiquity of the SQL database has helped the community develop a round - about model for growth .
9. SQL and NoSQL Are Not the Same
A database is a tool and each one of them serves a different purpose .
There ’s time series , blockchains , embedded , key values , SQL , and much more .
Each database is good at something , and bad at something else .
For instance , a relational database is great when you have to share a relationship within a system , that you cannot have seen otherwise considering all of the possible data permutations , usage , and aggregation .
And in reality , most systems fall in this category of infliction .
Not to mention , SQL is user - friendly and helps organize data in the way that you like .
Of course , SQL databases have drawbacks , but for most jobs , they will blow over any other NoSQL solution without issue .
And it might seem that scale is an issue , but you ’re not Google .
Even with SQL , you can manage millions of users with no issue .
And you can even scale RDBMS with some minimally - invasive tradeoffs .
SQL Data Matters
Now that you understand why SQL data matters , you ’ve probably come to realize that it is not going anywhere .
It has its place , and it ’s well deserved .
If you ’re interested in reading more about similar topics , check out the rest of our blog .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- Conservatives are calling on the McCain campaign to stop keeping Gov. Sarah Palin under wraps as the Republican vice presidential nominee continues intense preparations for her debate with Democratic rival Sen. Joe Biden .
Some conservatives were bombarding the campaign with complaints that it is not allowing Palin to be herself on the campaign trail and in the debate , sources within the McCain camp told CNN .
The New York Times conservative columnist Bill Kristol argued in his column on Monday that McCain must " liberate his running mate from the former Bush aides brought in to handle her -- aides who seem to have succeeded in importing to the Palin campaign the trademark defensive crouch of the Bush White House .
" McCain picked Sarah Palin in part because she 's a talented politician and communicator .
He needs to free her to use her political talents and to communicate in her own voice , " Kristol wrote .
One McCain source said Palin 's husband , Todd Palin , was frustrated with how the campaign was preparing his wife for the debate , but did not elaborate .
Another McCain aide , however , dismissed those reports .
But a McCain adviser said the conservatives worried that the campaign was squeezing the charm out of Palin were missing the point .
The adviser said preparing her for the debate was " really hard " because the Alaska governor was learning about issues she had never dealt with before -- including those regarding North Korea and other hot spots around the globe .
iReport.com : Share your political perspective
After campaigning with her running mate , Sen. John McCain , in Ohio , she will travel Monday to McCain 's Arizona cabin to cram for the debate in St. Louis , Missouri .
Palin was originally scheduled to prepare for the debate with Biden in St. Louis .
The intensity of the debate preparations picked up after Palin 's panned interview with Katie Couric of CBS News last week .
In particular , her answer when asked to describe her foreign policy experience was widely ridiculed .
Watch part of Palin 's interview with Couric »
" It 's very important when you consider even national security issues with Russia as Putin rears his head and comes into the airspace of the United States of America .
Where -- where do they go ?
It 's Alaska , " Palin said .
The answer became instant fodder for " Saturday Night Live , " as comedian Tina Fey lampooned the remark in her impersonation of the Republican vice presidential pick .
The CBS interview , described as confused and rambling by critics , also led a well - known conservative columnist to call on Palin to remove herself from the ticket .
" Only Palin can save McCain , her party , and the country she loves .
She can bow out for personal reasons ...
Do it for your country , " conservative columnist and former Palin fan Kathleen Parker of Nationalreview.com pleaded on Friday .
In defense , Republicans say the complaints are coming from " intellectual " conservatives -- not Main Street Republicans , who they insist love the " hockey mom , " from Alaska , as Palin describes herself .
" These are the folks that really have responded to the candidacy of a McCain - Palin ticket .
These are the folks that are showing up in huge numbers , tens of thousands , to the rallies , " Leslie Sanchez , a CNN political contributor , said .
Still , some wonder , if all of this negative talk will hurt Palin .
Despite some ominous signs , some analysts say the negative comments may actually help her .
" The expectations for Sarah Palin , I think , are pretty low .
So I think she can exceed expectations .
I 'm not sure she can disappoint them , " Alex Burns , a reporter for Politico , said .
CNN 's Carol Costello , Dana Bash and Scott J. Anderson contributed to this report .
All About Sarah Palin • John McCain • Joseph Biden
For those who believe in free markets , it 's a good thing that Lehman has gone bust .
Why ?
Well a corollary of having the freedom to make hay or fat returns when the sun shines is that banks should suffer for their mistakes .
But ever since the credit crunch set in last year , the US Treasury and the UK government have bailed out banks that ran into trouble
They feared that if Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac , Bear Stearns and Northern Rock had been allowed to collapse , the havoc wreaked on global markets and economies would have seen excessive pain inflicted on too many innocent people .
The problem with these bail outs is that they provided comfort to banks that they could make stupid mistakes and get away with it ( well , to an extent ) .
Not any more .
The US Treasury has well and truly re-established moral hazard - the idea that banks should pay for their sins - by refusing to use taxpayers ' money to support Lehman .
And make no mistake , this is a huge insolvency filing , the biggest in US corporate history , with $ 613bn or £ 340bn owed to creditors - equivalent to around a quarter of UK economic output .
Big banks can no longer be under any illusion that they can make big , stupid financial bets and expect taxpayers to pick up the bill when the bets go wrong .
Which most taxpayers may feel was a lesson worth teaching - unless they 're all impoverished ultimately by collateral damage to other banks and a potentially negative impact on global growth .
Let 's hope , for all our sakes , that Hank Paulson 's decision to punish this big bank does n't end up hurting us ( and him ) disproportionately .
BBC News is running a weekly ongoing series of articles that describe and illustrate common misconceptions ( and manipulations ) of statistics using examples from the news and ads .
Here 's yet another example of the internet being used as if it were a paper newspaper with limited space .
It 's a piece about Barack Obama 's new ad in Spanish .
In spite of the fact that some 40 + million people in the United States and another 400 + million people around the world know Spanish , newspapers online and sites like politico.com never include the Spanish language version of these ads , even when they are originally in Spanish .
" For the thousands of parents who are left unemployed , for all the families at risk of losing their homes , for each child of the 45 million people who do n't have health insurance , how is it possible that John McCain could opine , ' The fundamentals of our economy are strong ' ? " asks the television ad's announcer in Spanish .
" Perhaps John McCain and the Republicans do n't want to preoccupy themselves with the prosperity of our families .
But for us , there 's no greater obligation . "
In Vienna on Wednesday , an I.A.E.A. spokeswoman , Melissa Fleming told reporters at the agency ’s headquarters , “ There are no more seals and surveillance equipment in place at the reprocessing facility . ”
She added that the North Koreans “ also informed I.A.E.A. inspectors that they plan to introduce nuclear material to the reprocessing plant in one week ’s time .
They further stated that from here on , I.A.E.A. inspectors will have no further access to the reprocessing plant . ”
The White House quickly criticized North Korea ’s step as " very disappointing . "
A spokesman , Gordon D. Johndroe , said that a resumption of nuclear processing would " further isolate North Korea . "
Well if it's in Spanish , let 's have a link to the ad's content in Spanish so that those of us that can read the language know how the ad actually sounds to the people it 's made for .
It 's the internet and nobody is demanding that the ad fit into a certain space .( yes , the original ad can be seen online but in order to discuss the content of the ad online or in an email you either have to put up a link to the original ad or type out the ad yourself ) Worse than this however is the difficulty one finds in actually obtaining the full text of a speech or comment that has been featured in a newspaper article .
Here 's one example
Here we have quotes from two sources , but no link to the original records of what was said .
Three sentences from Melissa Fleming are featured above and the White House has a total of six words in the second part .
I have no problem with a newspaper using quotes like this to write an article but I would like to see a source given for each one of the quotes so that people who want to see the rest of what was said can find it easily .
It can take a long time to find sources for these statements , and usually involves a lot of creative Google searching with and without quotes .
Wikipedia has improved this somewhat of course , but one gets the distinct impression that many news sites are still operating under the unconscious assumption that there 's a lack of space that simply does n't exist when writing online .
Should n't online content contain much more sourcing and resources for more information than paper newspapers ?
SAN FRANCISCO -- New
York is wooing cyclists with chartreuse bike lanes .
Chicago is spending nearly $ 1 million for double - decker bicycle parking .
San Francisco can't even install new bike racks .
Blame Rob Anderson .
At a time when most other cities are encouraging biking as green transport , the 65 - year - old local gadfly has stymied cycling - support efforts here by arguing that urban bicycle boosting could actually be bad for the environment .
That 's put the brakes on everything from new bike lanes to bike racks while the city works on an environmental - impact report .
Cyclists say the irony is killing them -- literally .
At least four bikers have died and hundreds more have been injured in San Francisco since mid-2006 , when Mr. Anderson helped convince a judge to halt implementation of a massive pro-bike plan .
( It 's unclear whether the plan 's execution could have prevented the accidents . )
In the past year , bike advocates have demonstrated outside City Hall , pushed the city to challenge the plan 's freeze in court and proposed putting the whole mess to local voters .
Nothing worked .
" We 're the ones keeping emissions from the air ! " shouted Leah Shahum , executive director of the 10,000 - strong San Francisco Bicycle Coalition , at a July 21 protest .
Staying healthy is a tasteless job .
Linseed is said to protect against cancer , for example , but not many people like the taste .
Researchers have now isolated the valuable components of the flax seeds so when they are incorporated in bread , cakes or dressings , they support the human organism without leaving an unpleasant aftertaste .
Seriously ?
Cake that protects against cancer and noodles that lower cholesterol ?
Throw in cigars that clear our arteries and we 'll join the health food bandwagon right now .
Research scientists at the Fraunhofer Institute for Process Engineering and Packaging IVV in Freising have isolated valuable components of linseed and lupin seeds and experimentally incorporated them in various foodstuffs : the linseed in cakes , bread , dressings and sauces , the lupins in bread , rolls and pasta .
Nummy .
It 's still bread , but packed with valuable lupin proteins .
Credit : Fraunhofer IVV
We have n't tried them but they say the result is not only delicious , but healthy as well .
Of course , they have to say that .
" Flax is not only high in soluble fiber , but also contains lignans .
These substances are phytoestrogens , so they have a similar effect to that of the isoflavones that we know from soy beans .
According to the literature , they protect the organism against hormone - dependent forms of cancer – that is , breast and prostate cancer , " says IVV project manager Dr. Katrin Hasenkopf .
" The lupins , on the other hand , contain substances that our studies have found to have a positive impact on the cholesterol level . "
But how do the researchers isolate the valuable components ?
" We make use of the differing solubility of the various constituents :
If the pH value is acidic , the unwanted bitter substances are the first to dissolve .
If the pH value is then set back to neutral , you get the valuable proteins – without the bitter taste .
We are also able to separate large components from small ones by a series of filtration steps , " explains Hasenkopf .
Since the scientists are already skilled at isolating the valuable constituents , they now have to conduct further investigations with the aim of confirming the effects they hope to see .
" The healthy effects of linseed and lupin seeds are already known from literature , but so far there is a lack of conclusive scientific investigations on the subject .
These substances undoubtedly have very high potential , " says Hasenkopf .
The researchers will be presenting the linseed and lupin foods at the Biotechnica trade fair in Hannover on October 7 through 9 ( Hall 9 , Stand E29 ) .
In about three years ' time , the expert hopes , the new cholesterol - lowering foodstuffs will be available on supermarket shelves – maybe even including cakes , bread rolls and sauces enriched with the valuable substances obtained from flax seeds .
by James Kelly
Why the British Labour Party abandoned its traditional socialist policies , and the lessons that can be applied to the party ’s current predicament .
When the British Labour Party abandoned much of its socialist ideology in the 1990s , it did so for one reason – the pursuit of popularity , and by extension the pursuit of power .
It had been in opposition for almost two decades , lost four general elections in a row , and the question that was being posed more and more volubly was “ what ” s the point of having the most wonderful policies in the world if you never have the power to put them into practice ? ’
The moment that came to symbolise this dilemma more than any other was the 1983 election , when Labour was led by its most left - wing leader since pre-war times , Michael Foot , and had a manifesto that made radical party activists purr with pleasure .
The party went on to suffer its most crushing defeat since the 1930s , and came perilously close to slipping into third place in the popular vote .
Perhaps not unreasonably , the lesson drawn by the “ modernisers ” in the party – including the young Tony Blair and Gordon Brown – was that Labour ’s electoral woes were directly correlated to the party ’s ideological distance from the centre of gravity in the country as a whole .
“ June 9th , 1983 , never again ! ” was the new leader Neil Kinnock ’s battle - cry as he embarked on the slow and painful process of moving Labour onto the centre - ground of politics where it was felt it could achieve electability .
The most dramatic indication of the sacrifices the party was prepared to make came when Kinnock himself shifted on one of his most passionately - held personal beliefs , and agreed to support the retention of the UK ’s nuclear weapons .
In an interview days before the 1992 general election , he even suggested that as Prime Minister he might be prepared in some circumstances to launch a nuclear attack – an extraordinary position for a man who had devoted much of his political life to the cause of unilateral disarmament .
But Labour still lost the 1992 election , its fourth defeat in succession .
Did this give the true believers in the “ 1983 maxim ” some pause for thought ?
Quite the reverse .
The fact that the Conservatives ’ parliamentary majority had been slashed to 21 was cited as proof that Labour ’s ideological repositioning had gained some traction with the electorate .
The fact that the Conservatives remained in power simply proved that the process had n’t gone far enough yet .
So “ New Labour ” was born , and in Tony Blair the party suddenly had a leader who was probably further to the right than many “ conservative ” political leaders in continental Europe .
Yet so hungry were the party faithful for power , and so completely had they bought into the modernizers ’ analysis of what was required to achieve that goal , they accepted every move Blair made as being necessary .
It was sometimes mischievously suggested that if Blair had wanted to reintroduce capital punishment , the party rank - and - file would have let it through on the nod .
And in 1997 , the Labour party did not merely return to power , but recorded the most comprehensive victory by any side in a British general election since the 1930s .
Some pointed out there was considerable evidence that if John Smith , Blair ’s immediate predecessor as Labour leader , had not died in office , he would still have been able to lead the party back to power from a more traditional centre - left position .
But not by anything like the same margin , the modernisers retorted .
It did indeed seem to be the final , irrefutable proof that Labour ’s level of support went up in direct proportion to how far it had moved to the right .
But fast forward to the present day .
Gordon Brown has persisted with the Blairite strategy of tacking to the right , and yet the latest opinion polls show Labour at its lowest level of support since records began , and thus by definition lower than at the party ’s 1983 nadir .
Gordon Brown is a less popular leader than Michael Foot .
New Labour was founded on the principle that if you are shedding votes , you must ruthlessly shed your current ideology to win those votes back .
As it is the more traditional Labour voters who have been deserting the party in droves – witness the Scottish parliament election last year – the obvious conclusion to draw is that the party must shift back to the left to regain some degree of support .
The objection to this analysis might be that Labour cannot hope to win the next election with its traditional supporters alone – it needs the entire New Labour coalition of 1997 .
Unfortunately , the hard truth is that this coalition is long gone , and the next election is almost certainly already lost .
To adapt the question that was asked in the long years of opposition to fit present - day circumstances – “ if you ”re going to lose anyway , what ’s the point of having power for the next two years if you ’re not going to use it to achieve the things your party is supposed to believe in ? ’
LIBERTY ADRIFT , currency on panel , 20x15 inches .
WATCH this MINI - DOCUMENTARY about my work made by the same folks i worked with on the Noam Chomsky movie .
READ extensive forays on the intertwined nature of ART and MONEY in our ART BLOG .
including an entertaining F.A.Q. essay that covers all the basics .
SOCIAL MEDIA platforms will screw us .
GALLERIES will close .
that 's why its more important than ever to SIGN UP for our EMAIL LIST !!!
never more than a handful of emails a year .
always more entertaining than annoying .
promise !
A Ukrainian airship visionary based in California has won further US military funding to develop his miraculous " Aeroscraft " sky - leviathan design .
However , some question marks remain over the craft 's unique - almost miraculous - buoyancy - control technology .
Aeros Aeronautical Systems Corp announced last week that it had been awarded a contract to demonstrate its lightweight rigid aerostructure technology .
The money was awarded by DARPA * , the famous Pentagon wackboffinry bureau known for its defiant reliance on the appliance of science to all military problems .
The super - lightweight rigid structure , which Aeros founder Igor Pasternak will now pull out of his hat , will need to be remarkable stuff .
The proposed Aeroscraft rigid airship would be strong and stiff enough to handle heavy loads , and to transmit significant forces from attached stub wings , fins , and vectored - thrust props .
Pasternak sees the structure as one of the two special sauces which will make his sky - ship project genuinely capable and airworthy , unlike so many others .
But the super - structure kit will be far from the most startling thing about the Aeroscraft , should it ever get built .
Pasternak 's other proprietary trick - which he calls Control Of Static Heaviness , or COSH - is far more remarkable , and he claims to have cracked that already .
If it 's true , Pasternak has solved a well - nigh impossible engineering problem that has bedeviled airship designers for almost a century .
A bag box of hot ( or cold ) air .
And helium .
Pic : AAS
The problem is a relatively simple one : that of controlling buoyancy when losing weight .
In order to move about , an airship must burn fuel , so becoming lighter .
More seriously , in order to operate , it will often need to drop off cargo or passengers .
In either case the ship will become more buoyant and tend to ascend more and more powerfully .
This is bad , because pressure decreases as the ship soars upward , causing the lifting - gas cells inside it to expand .
It 's normal for part of the ship to hold air at surface level , allowing the ship to reach a decent altitude safely , but enough uncontrolled buoyancy will loft the vessel to " pressure height " , where expanding gas cells have driven out all the air and fill the ship completely .
At pressure height , automatic valves open and start venting off lifting gas to prevent the ship bursting .
It may be possible to regain control and achieve a safe landing in the end - though not always - but a lot of gas will definitely be gone until the ship can be refilled .
This will also be true if the pilot vents gas in advance , so as to prevent a dangerous excursion above pressure height .
Either case is unacceptable , as nice safe helium costs far too much to be thrown away whenever cargo is dropped off or fuel burned .
Nobody has been willing to use cheap but highly - flammable hydrogen since the Hindenburg disaster .
There are various existing solutions to this problem , but all have their disadvantages .
If a ship is delivering people and cargo at a properly - equipped mooring mast , it can take on water ballast through a nose connection at the same time , so remaining neutrally buoyant .
Fuel burn while airborne can be dealt with by recovering an equal weight of water from engine exhaust using condensers .
These systems were used successfully in the US Navy 's 1930s helium airships , USS Akron and Macon .
But one of the main selling - points of an airship in today 's world is its ability - potentially - to deliver heavy cargoes to places without established mooring masts and water - ballast supplies .
That 's certainly a major role seen for them by the US military today , so airship designers need to think of ways to do without such luxuries .
One such method does exist .
Airship engines can be run on gaseous fuel which weighs the same as air - " blaugas " - which can be kept in cells within the ship .
As the blaugas is burned , it gets replaced by air and the ship 's buoyancy is unaffected .
This system was used successfully aboard the Graf Zeppelin , a hydrogen ship .
But when trying to avoid building a huge thin - skinned balloon full of flammable gas - as in a helium vessel - blaugas is something of a retrograde step .
Another method is the use of vertical thrusters to support the load , with the gas envelope handling only the weight of the ship .
This was the idea behind the unsuccessful Piasecki Heli - Stat , now being revived by Boeing under the name " SkyHook " .
But this is no longer a true airship - more of an airship - helicopter combo .
It will have to dump its load to stay airborne if it loses vertical thrust , and it wo n't have the range and fuel economy offered by a fully - buoyant ship .
But why not simply compress the helium into high - pressure storage tanks when it 's not needed ?
( CNN ) -- Republican vice presidential nominee Gov. Sarah Palin vowed on Tuesday to use her executive experience to tackle government reform and energy independence if she and Sen.
John McCain win this year 's presidential election .
Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin speaks with CNN's Drew Griffin Tuesday .
" It 's going to be government reform because that , that is what I 've been able to do as a mayor and as a governor , you , you take on the special interests and the self - dealings .
Yep , you ruffle feathers and you have the scars to prove it , " Palin said Tuesday in an interview with CNN's Drew Griffin .
" You have to take that on to give the American people that faith back in their own government .
This is their government and we 've got to put it back on their side , " she said .
Palin said she and McCain , the Republican presidential nominee , discussed the possibility of her working on the issue of energy independence if she becomes vice president .
Watch Palin talk about potential plans for the vice - presidency »
" That 's been my forte as the governor of an energy producing state and as a former chair of the , of the energy regulator -- entity up there in Alaska , " she said .
" [ I ] look forward to that and that 's a matter of national security and , and our economic prosperity opportunities . "
Palin also said helping families with special needs children and cleaning up Wall Street were among the other " missions " she and McCain had discussed .
Palin emphasized her executive credentials as mayor of Wasilla , Alaska , and governor of Alaska , contrasting them with what she said was Sen. Barack Obama 's lack of leadership experience .
" We do n't like to toot our own horn so we do n't , " Palin said .
" But , I have , I do have more experience than Barack Obama does .
You know , he had served for his 300 days before he became a presidential candidate and that was n't in , in executive office . "
Watch Palin say she has more experience than Obama »
Palin also apologized Tuesday for any misunderstanding caused when she referred last week to the patriotic values of " the real America " and " pro-America areas of this great nation . "
Democrats and others criticized Palin for seeming to imply that some parts of the country are more patriotic than others .
Palin denied that was her intention in an interview with CNN on Tuesday .
" I do n't want that misunderstood , " Palin said .
" If that 's the way it came across , I apologize . "
The Alaska governor made the remarks at a fundraising event in North Carolina last week .
" We believe that the best of America is in these small towns that we get to visit , and in these wonderful little pockets of what I call the real America , being here with all of you hard - working , very patriotic , very pro-America areas of this great nation , " she told the crowd .
On Tuesday , Palin also addressed Democratic vice presidential nominee Sen. Joe Biden 's comment that Sen. Barack Obama would be tested from the very beginning of his time in office .
At a fundraiser Sunday night , Biden said that after taking office , " it will not be six months before the world tests Barack Obama like they did John Kennedy .
...
We 're going to have an international crisis , a generated crisis , to test the mettle of this guy . "
Palin told Griffin that the comment points to the dangers of electing a relatively inexperienced person
" We need to thank Joe [ Biden ] for the warning , " Palin said .
Watch Palin say the media gave Biden a pass »
Biden 's point , according to a statement issued later , was that " we need steady leadership in tumultuous times , not ... the stubborn ideology of John McCain . "
Palin stopped short of labeling Obama a socialist Tuesday , although she and others have previously called his tax policies socialist .
" I 'm not going to call him a socialist , but as ' Joe the Plumber ' has said , it looks like socialism to him , " she said of Joe " the plumber " Wurzelbacher .
The GOP ticket and their supporters have invoked Joe the Plumber numerous times ever since the Ohio man confronted Obama about his tax policy in an impromptu campaign moment .
Palin said Wurzelbacher is representative of " Jane the engineer and Molly the dental hygienist and Chuck the teacher . "
Obama defended his decision to raise taxes on couples earning more than $ 250,000 a year while cutting taxes for people with lower incomes , telling Wurzelbacher that " when you spread the wealth around , it 's good for everybody . "
Palin said the policy was " not good for the entrepreneurial spirit that has built this great country , " the economy or small businesses .
Watch the entire interview with Gov. Sarah Palin »
Obama brushed off McCain and Palin 's characterization on Sunday in Fayetteville , North Carolina .
" John McCain thinks that giving these Americans a break is socialism , " Obama said .
" Well , I call it opportunity , and there is nothing more American than that . "
All About Sarah Palin • John McCain • U.S. Presidential Election
Scientists operating Korea 's next - generation nuclear fusion reactor have reported their first generation of plasma , saying it marked progress in futuristic experiments to create limitless energy for human use .
The device , called KSTAR , an abbreviation for Korea Superconducting Tokamak Advanced Reactor , generated plasma inside its inner chamber for the first time .
The reactor is the second of its kind in the world to generate plasma using superconducting material .
China was the first with its EAST reactor in 2006 , according to Kwon Myeon , a director at the National Fusion Research Institute .
In the experiments the plasma lasted for 249 milliseconds at above 100 kilo - amperes ( KA ) current with the maximum current reaching 133 KA , according to officials from the state - run National Fusion Research Institute .
Originally , the goal for the KSTAR scientists was to maintain plasma for 100 milliseconds , or 0.1 seconds , above 100 KA .
`` The generation of plasma proves that KSTAR is ready to operate and contribute significantly to the research for nuclear fusion , " said Ryu Koo -hee , an official from the nuclear fusion research division at the Ministry of Education , Science and Technology .
``KSTAR is also one of the world 's few fusion reactors that use Nb3Sn as superconducting material , identical to the design of the ITER reactor , which strengthens Korea 's potential contribution to the international ITER effort . "
Plasma , generated from the ionizing of hydrogen gas , is a state in which the electrons and the nuclei are separated , considered a crucial step before nuclei can collide and fuse .
Fusion reactors generate power by the heating of hydrogen plasma , which causes hydrogen isotopes to fuse and release energy .
The duration of the plasma is critical for this process and the reactors are designed with powerful magnetic chambers using superconducting magnets to contain the plasma .
Nuclear fusion is regarded as one of future energy solutions that are limitless in sourcing , a key alternative to the limited and depleted sources of fossil fuels .
The viability of the technology is still debated .
To put it simply , nuclear fusion is the process that makes the sun shine , with the nuclei of small atoms , such as hydrogen , squeezed together and heated to an extreme degree such that they fuse to form larger nuclei and release a burst of energy .
Scientists have long been researching ways to create and control the nuclear fusion process for constructive use .
" I paid with four or five years of my life .
I lost my company . …
This is like the Gestapo .
This is not the United States . " --
Alex Latifi , whom prosecutors said divulged military secrets .
A judge threw out the charges out and fined the government $ 364,000 Enlarge Photos by Patricia Miklik Doyle for USA TODAY
This helicopter part was at the center of Axion CEO Alex Latifi 's 4 - year ordeal , which effectively " ruined " his business , the case 's judge wrote .
KEY DATES IN THE CASE KEY DATES IN THE CASE 2003
Early September : Axion secretary Elizabeth Lemay begins forging CEO Alex Latifi 's signature on company checks made out in her name .
Oct. 29 : Army begins investigating Axion after receiving a tip from a confidential informant , later identified as Lemay .
2004
Jan. 13 : Axion submits two test reports on Army contracts , which prosecutors say were frauds .
Feb .
6 : Lemay is fired after Latifi learns of forgeries totaling $ 12,730 .
April 13 : Federal agents search Latifi 's home and business .
2005
August : Grand jury hears testimony .
2006
June 7 : Federal agents execute second search warrant at Latifi 's home and business and freeze $ 2.5 million in assets .
2007
March 30 : U.S. Attorney Alice Martin announces indictment of Latifi and Axion on six counts of export - control violations and filing false test reports .
Oct. 30 : Ending a one - week trial , U.S. District Judge Inge Johnson dismisses all charges .
Dec. 28 : Justice Department publicly confirms that Latifi and Axion have been reinstated as government contractors " in good standing . "
2008
April 2 : Judge orders government to reimburse Latifi for nearly $ 364,000 in attorneys ' ees .
HUNTSVILLE , Ala . 
As Alex Latifi walks through his empty factory , the only sounds are his footsteps and the dull hum of the wavering fluorescent light overhead .
The lathes and drill presses that once churned out a steady stream of critical parts for the U.S. military are still .
The ghostly silence at Axion is the result of a four - year government probe that targeted Latifi for allegedly violating U.S. export law by sending to China classified drawings of an Army Black Hawk helicopter part and falsifying related tests .
Armed federal agents raided Latifi 's home and business in 2004 and 2006 , seizing computers , cellphones and cardboard boxes full of records .
Prosecutors froze $ 2.5 million of his assets in 2006 , dealing what may prove a fatal blow to his 24 - year - old business .
Finally , in March 2007 , U.S. Attorney Alice Martin unveiled a multiple - count criminal indictment in Birmingham , Ala. , placing the Iranian - American immigrant at the intersection of two of the country 's most emotionally charged national security worries : Iran and China .
" Keeping sensitive U.S. military technology from falling into the wrong hands is a top priority for the Justice Department , " Kenneth Wainstein , assistant attorney general for national security , said at the time .
" This indictment and other recent illegal export prosecutions should serve as a warning to companies seeking to enhance their profits at the expense of America 's national security . "
But rather than deterring renegade exporters , the Latifi case now appears as a cautionary tale of what critics call an overzealous prosecution .
It is also a reminder that the innocent can pay an enormous price while the gears of justice grind .
" The government 's case itself it seems to me was sloppily prepared . …
Their prosecutorial zeal caused them to overlook some deficiencies in their case , " says Clif Burns , an export law attorney at Powell Goldstein in Washington , D.C. , who was not involved in the case .
During a seven - day trial last fall , the government 's case swiftly unraveled .
The informant who tipped Army investigators to Latifi 's alleged misdeeds turned out to be an Axion employee who was simultaneously embezzling company funds .
Prosecutors also conceded that the government had failed to mark the sensitive technical drawing that Latifi , 60 , was accused of illegally exporting with the warning language Defense Department regulations require .
In her Florence , Ala. , courtroom , U.S. District Court Judge Inge Johnson called the government 's case " sloppy " before swiftly dismissing all charges .
The judge also ordered the government to pay Latifi nearly $ 364,000 for his attorney 's fees , a move the local U.S. attorney called " unprecedented . "
For the government , the defeat was a rare loss in the export - control arena .
For Latifi , the ordeal — he faced up to 40 years in prison if convicted on all counts — struck at the ideals that defined his life as an engineer and as an immigrant .
" I paid with four or five years of my life .
I lost my company . …
This is like the Gestapo .
This is not the United States , " Latifi said in a joint interview with his wife , Beth , in which they recounted their experiences with federal law enforcement officials .
The drama may not be over .
Latifi 's attorneys have filed a formal complaint with the Justice Department 's office of professional responsibility ( OPR ) accusing Martin and her deputies , David Estes and Angela Debro , of " prosecutorial misconduct " for allegedly stating in conversations with the defense attorneys that their goal was to put Latifi out of business whether or not they won the case .
Latifi is seeking access to the government 's case files , which his attorneys say will prove that prosecutors failed to disclose evidence suggesting his innocence .
Martin's 6 ½ - year tenure already has been marked by high - profile trials and controversy .
The Republican appointee 's handling of prosecutions of former Alabama governor Don Siegelman , a Democrat , and HealthSouth CEO Richard Scrushy has been criticized as politically motivated , most recently in an April 17 report by the Democratic staff of the House Judiciary Committee .
Mark
White , incoming president of the state bar association , says the Alabama legal community is concerned with " the attitudes and positions taken by the U.S. attorney 's office . …
They are seen as being political . "
A ruling on Latifi's attempt to see prosecutors ' records may be months away , but Johnson already has indicated deep concern about the government 's conduct .
" Evidence was received during the defendant 's trial that at least raises the possibility that the government continued to investigate and prosecute ( Latifi ) even after uncovering evidence demonstrating that the defendants were not guilty of the alleged crimes , " the judge wrote .
An unlikely target At 8 a.m. on Tuesday , April 13 , 2004 , Beth Latifi heard an insistent knock at the door of their two - story brick home in one of Huntsville 's gated communities .
Still holding the shirt she 'd been ironing for her husband , she opened the door to armed federal agents .
One of the lawmen thrust a search warrant at her with a curt , " Read it , " she says , as his colleagues swarmed the home .
" What the hell ? " the startled woman exclaimed .
About 15 miles away , a similar scene was playing out at Axion 's headquarters .
The raids were the outgrowth of a five - month probe by the Army 's Criminal Investigations Division 's procurement fraud unit .
At issue was Axion 's work on two Army contracts : one for a part that dampens vibrations on the UH - 60 Black Hawk helicopter rotor , and a second for a shock absorber on two Army vehicles .
Latifi was an unlikely object of official suspicion .
A veteran engineer , he had a reputation as a perfectionist .
He was also a naturalized citizen with an unabashed faith in his adopted land .
" I came to the United States because I honestly believe in the Bill of Rights , " he said in the interview .
" This is the only country on Earth … you have all the rights God has given you and can pursue your life the best you know how .
No ( other ) country gives you that . "
A native of Ahwaz in southwestern Iran , Latifi immigrated to the USA in 1971 and became a U.S. citizen 11 years later .
Intensely proud , he hails from a prominent Arab - Persian family .
During World War II , Latifi 's father , an Arab sheik , hunted wild pigs and rabbits with the head of the U.S. gendarme mission , Gen. H. Norman Schwarzkopf , father of the Operation Desert Storm commander .
After earning an engineering degree , Latifi married a college classmate and launched his own small business .
From the start , Latifi focused on high - priced parts that were important but too small to warrant a major company 's attention .
With an engineer 's eye , he looked for ways to redesign unsung components to make them for less , thus profiting both the government and Axion .
In a single - story industrial building , he built a business that employed 60 workers and was eventually valued at $ 50 million .
Axion made parts for Army Hawk missiles , Navy tractors that ferried missiles to carrier - based airplanes and cockpit wiring harnesses for Air Force fighters .
By the time the government began investigating , Axion 's annual revenue was more than $ 4 million and Latifi , his wife and their four children lived in a lavishly appointed home assessed at more than $ 1.4 million .
On that April morning , as the federal agents pored through his belongings , Latifi had an epiphany : " I told my wife , ' Uh - oh .
That 's the secretary . ' " Elizabeth Lemay had joined Axion as a secretary in early 2002 after relocating from Nashville , where she had been asked to resign from at least two jobs in recent years .
Her struggles as a single mother drew the sympathy of Beth Latifi , who began giving her small gifts of cash and furniture , including an antique bed for her daughter .
On Aug. 30 , 2003 , the Latifis even arranged for Lemay and her children to join them on a weekend trip to Atlanta .
But Lemay never appeared .
She explained her absence by telling the Latifis that she had been carjacked , a story she later acknowledged in court was a lie .
By early September 2003 , Lemay had begun signing Alex Latifi 's name to company checks she made out to herself , according to the trial transcript .
Over several months , she forged at least 15 checks worth a total of $ 12,730 .
That fall , she also began funneling information to Army investigators .
Initially , based on misunderstood fragments of conversation , Lemay suspected Latifi was violating the " Buy American Act " by hiring a Chinese company to produce the Black Hawk rotor part — called a bifilar weight assembly — under a contract Axion had been awarded in August .
She was wrong about that .
Axion actually hoped to tap the Chinese as a low - cost supplier of tungsten , the raw material used to make the part .
But Army investigator Mark Mills , so new in his job that he had n't yet received his badge and official credentials from headquarters , did n't realize that .
Through the fall , Latifi searched for a low - cost tungsten supplier to help realize his goal of making the helicopter part more efficiently .
The traditional method involved machining a 185 - pound block of recycled tungsten into a 22 - pound part .
By re-thinking the design , Latifi thought he could use less than half as much virgin tungsten , which would perform better and cost substantially less .
Latifi sought out Ming Hwang , owner of a year - old San Jose trading company called EcoTungsten .
At first , the engineers in China that Hwang used as subcontractors had trouble understanding what the part entailed .
So Latifi asked one of his employees , mechanical engineer James Hopkins , to produce a simplified engineering drawing for the Chinese .
Axion had received the original document on an Army compact disk , labeled " For Official Government Business Only " and " Distribution Statement C. "
Normally , government documents that cannot be released to foreigners carry explicit warnings to that effect .
But on the Black Hawk part drawing , the space where the export - control warning customarily appears was blank .
Just to be safe , Hopkins called an engineer at Sikorsky , the Black Hawk 's maker .
The Sikorsky official told Hopkins the helicopter part had been in use for years and carried no export restrictions .
" We went through the process of making sure that there were no restrictions , " Hopkins testified .
Estes said Latifi had advanced Chinese manufacturing by sending the drawing .
And even though the government failed to put any export warning on the original document , Latifi should have known he could n't ship it abroad , the prosecutor said .
Get out of jail free On Jan. 13 , 2004 , Axion submitted to the government two reports containing test results meant to verify its production processes for the Black Hawk part and the unrelated shock absorber .
According to prosecutors , both reports were fraudulent .
In the test report on the Black Hawk part , for example , Axion listed a Madison , Ala. , company called Tungsten Products as its raw material supplier .
The government argued that the supplier 's sales records showed Tungsten Products was n't the source .
Much of what the government knew came from Lemay , who wove a tale of a rogue contractor illegally employing foreign suppliers on a sensitive contract and faking the required tests .
On Jan. 15 , 2004 , Army investigator Mills wrote in a summary of an informant conversation that the Black Hawk part had been made in China " in violation of the Buy American Act , " which mandates preference for U.S. - made goods in government procurements .
Lemay later passed word that " the assembly was manufactured by a Chinese company " and that Latifi " might be paying " the government 's inspector to overlook that fact .
By early April , Mills was ready to move .
On April 9 , he filed an affidavit seeking a warrant to search Latifi 's home and business , based in part on Lemay 's information .
The affidavit did n't mention that Lemay had been fired almost two months earlier , just before being arrested on fraud charges .
Told she was under arrest , Lemay had replied smugly : " Before you do that , you better call the FBI . "
( She later pleaded guilty in state court to forgery , was given a suspended sentence of three years in jail and ordered to serve four years ' probation . )
One of Latifi 's attorneys , Henry Frohsin , argued that Lemay was wrong and that she had deliberately set up his client in hopes that her role in instigating , and then cooperating with , the government 's probe would be her " get out of jail free card " if her forgeries were detected .
In court , Mills testified that the magistrate was aware that Lemay was an accused forger when he issued the search warrant — although the agent had not included that fact in the affidavit nor in any of his investigative summaries of his conversations with her .
" So we do n't have any proof of that other than your testimony , do we ? " asked Judge Johnson .
" That 's correct , " Mills said .
A gamble pays off
For much of 2004 and 2005 , as the investigation dragged on , the government continued accepting Axion - made parts .
But finally , after receiving almost 250 of the Black Hawk parts , the Army in December 2005 terminated Axion 's contract when its deliveries lagged .
In June 2006 , agents raided Latifi 's home and business for a second time and froze $ 2.5 million in assets .
For nine months , Axion slowly strangled while the investigation continued .
Then on March 30 , 2007 , the uncertainty was broken .
Latifi 's son , Alex Jr. , 16 , got a text message from a friend : " Is everything OK with your family ? "
The local U.S. attorney had issued the indictment , publicly declaring that Latifi had " knowingly and willfully " exported defense items without a required license .
Amid near daily reports of an imminent U.S. showdown with Iran over its nuclear ambitions , Latifi 's lawyers — fearing that an Alabama jury would be quick to convict an Iranian - American — opted to have the trial decided by a judge instead .
The gamble quickly paid off as the trial got underway on Oct. 22 .
Johnson , appointed to the federal bench in 1998 by President Clinton , was often exasperated by the prosecution and betrayed open annoyance with Mills for failing to verify that Latifi 's signature on one of the Jan. 13 , 2004 , test reports was genuine and not another Lemay forgery .
Questioned by the judge , Mills testified there was no reason to ask Latifi for a handwriting sample because there was no indication the report had been forged .
" Does it ever dawn on federal agents , you in particular , that if somebody is forging somebody 's name on checks , they might be forging them somewhere else ? " the judge said .
On Oct. 30 , Johnson dismissed all the charges against Latifi with blunt words for the prosecution and the Army investigators .
Two months later — and only after the judge had ordered the government to act — the Justice Department issued a two - sentence statement announcing the acquittal and indicating that Axion had been reinstated as a government contractor " in good standing . "
Vindication may have come too late .
Along with Latifi , dozens of workers have suffered financial hardship .
Wayne Smartt , 51 , an $ 18,000 - a- year factory crew leader , has struggled to make ends meet since losing his Axion job about 18 months ago as government orders dried up .
Without a full - time salary , the father of five came close to losing his home .
" I had to go pick up cans along the side of the road … paint homes and stuff , just do whatever I could do , " Smartt said .
The protracted legal ordeal effectively " ruined Axion 's business , " the judge wrote in a May 29 ruling ordering the government to pay Latifi 's legal fees .
Martin , the local U.S. attorney , said she would seek permission to appeal the decision .
Karen Naramore , a spokeswoman for the U.S. attorney , said Martin would not comment on the case while that process continued .
Mills also declined comment .
Attempts to reach Lemay through her attorney were unsuccessful .
Today , Latifi is seeking additional legal fees and access to the government 's files through a legal channel called the Hyde Amendment , which provides for compensating exonerated defendants if " the position of the United States was vexatious , frivolous , or in bad faith . "
Prosecutors are fighting back .
This spring , while Johnson was visiting her native Denmark , Martin sought to have another judge overturn Johnson 's order requiring prosecutors to appear in court with their files .
That further irritated Johnson .
The " court can only surmise from the government 's vigorous resistance to the possibility that it might have to disclose something about the prosecution of the defendants and its unusual actions while Judge Johnson was outside the country that ' something is rotten in the state of Denmark , ' " she wrote .
Meanwhile , the Army no longer buys the Black Hawk parts from Axion for $ 2,680 apiece .
Instead , it paid other companies $ 4,000 to $ 5,800 , Latifi says .
" They were trying to put me in jail for … the rest of my life — for making better parts ! " he says .
The Army declined to say how much it pays .
Latifi has yet to shake off the memory of his ordeal .
Axion has submitted bids on " 30 or 40 " procurements this year , he says , but has nothing to show for it .
On a couple of occasions , as he 's returned from trips abroad , he says he 's been taken aside at customs for prolonged questioning .
Beth , an Alabama native , is openly bitter about her husband 's treatment .
Daughter Alexis , 22 , was so affected by her father 's experience that she abandoned medical school in favor of studying constitutional law .
His plans to leave a profitable company to his son are in ruins , and he remains haunted by the shame of having lived for years under a cloud .
" A lot of people did n't know how to act , " he says .
" I assume because I am a Persian , they would say , ' Ah , that 's how he makes money .
He cheats . ' "
But now that a judge has thrown out the charges , he hopes they think something else , something like : " This guy was n't guilty .
He was abused . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
In what may be a happy surprise for thousands of high school seniors , Harvard plans to offer admission to 150 to 175 students on its waiting list , and Princeton and the University of Pennsylvania each expect to take 90 , creating ripples that will send other highly selective colleges deeper into their waiting lists as well .
“ This year has been less predictable than any recent year , ” said Eric J. Kaplan , interim dean of admissions at Penn , adding that when one college in the top tier goes deep into its wait list , others are affected .
“ We all need to fill our classes and replace students who have been taken off wait lists at other institutions .
The wait - list activity could extend for a significant time . ”
Although colleges turn to wait lists to fill out their classes , it is unusual for the most selective to go so deep , college officials say .
For high - school students graduating in an unusually large class and for colleges trying to shape a freshman class , this has been an unusually challenging year , with the changes in early - admissions programs and the broad expansion of financial aid at many elite universities .
Sound Wave , 2007
Melted 78 rpm records on
wooden armature
5.2 ft h x 12 ft w x 12 ft d
Installation at Museum of Arts & Design , New York , 2008
5.2 ft h x 7.7 ft w x 8.8 ft d
Installation at Brooklyn Academy of Music , New York , 2007
Records were melted and sculpted to form a cascading wave , dotted with bursts of colorful labels .
The resulting structure speaks to the inevitable waves of technology that render each successive generation of recordable media obsolete .
The piece also aims to physically manifest the ephemerality of music as well as one man ’s musical tastes , as represented by his personal record collection .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Not long ago , when Lehman Brothers CEO Richard Fuld talked about “ everyone ’s worst nightmare ” he was referring to a massive fraud at French bank Societe Generale .
Former New York City Mayor Rudolf Giuliani ( R ) listens as Richard Fuld Jr. , Chairman and CEO of Lehman Brothers , USA , speaks at the World Economic Forum in New York , February 1 , 2002 .
REUTERS / Henny Ray Abrams / Pool
Just a few months later Fuld , a 30 - year - veteran of Lehman who had ably steered it through near - death experiences like the Asian debt crisis of 1998 , is living his own worst nightmare as the venerable investment bank stands on the verge of collapse .
How the 158 - year - year institution came to this is a tale of hubris and overreaching -- and a big dose of bad luck .
Lehman ’s fall from grace was brutally fast .
Until June , it had never even reported a quarterly loss as a public company .
As recently as March , Fuld was awarded a $ 22 million bonus for 2007 -- a generous pay package to be sure , but one that also reflected a year in which the bank ’s net profit had risen 5 percent to a record $ 4.2 billion .
But Lehman soon emerged as Wall Street ’s next domino as real estate loans and other toxic assets increasingly weighed on its balance sheet , especially after the collapse of Bear Stearns Cos Inc in March .
Still , few were willing to second - guess its 62 - year - old chief executive .
“ Fuld went wrong in not taking seriously enough the impairment of his balance sheet , ” said Charles Peabody , analyst at independent research firm Portales Partners .
“ He had the typical hubris that any long - term CEO has : ‘ I built this thing , and it ’s got more value than the marketplace understands . ’ ”
As the credit crisis worsened , Fuld was Wall Street ’s one seemingly teflon chief executive , keeping his job unchallenged even as CEOs fell at rivals like Bear , Merrill Lynch Cos Inc and Citigroup and as Fuld ’s own underlings including Chief Financial Officer Erin Callan were pushed out .
Lehman ’s board , which includes retired CEOs like Vodafone ’s Christopher Gent and IBM ’s John Akers , may have been too slow to challenge Fuld -- a former competitive squash player -- as its share price spiraled lower .
GORILLA
As recently as June , rival CEOs like Lazard ’s Bruce Wasserstein were still professing confidence in Fuld , nicknamed “ The Gorilla ” for his intimidating presence .
Fuld had endured in - fighting that led to the firm ’s sale to Shearson / American Express in 1984 and was running the firm when it was spun off in 1994 .
This time , though , he was no match for the implosion of the mortgage boom on which he had staked the firm ’s fortunes .
Lehman , until recently Wall Street ’s fourth - largest investment bank , for years did a big business in originating mortgages , re-packaging them and selling them onto other investors .
Lehman was the top U.S. underwriter of mortgage bonds in 2007 and 2006 , grabbing about 10 percent of the market .
But as the U.S. housing market went from boom to bust , it ended up being unable to unload many of the most toxic loans .
“ Dick went wrong three to four years ago when Lehman bought these assets , now he ’s paying the price , ” said Ralph Cole , portfolio manager at Ferguson Wellman Capital Management in Portland , Oregon .
“ I do n’t think he knew when he was investing in mortgages where this could lead , and how important confidence is . ”
At key junctures Fuld seems to have played a game of brinksmanship , refusing to accept offers that could have rescued the firm because they did n’t reflect the value he saw in the bank .
As recently as August , Fuld may have had a chance to sell a 25 percent stake in Lehman for $ 4 billion to $ 6 billion to state - run Korea Development Bank , but by some accounts he balked , saying the offer was too low , the Wall Street Journal has reported .
Differences over price also thwarted talks to sell up to half of Lehman shares to China ’s CITIC Securities in August , the Financial Times reported .
“ Dick Fuld really blew it , ” said William Smith , chief executive officer of Smith Asset Management in New York .
“ How many opportunities did he have to sell Lehman ? ”
“ There ’s a possibility this stock could zero out , ” Smith said .
“ It happened under his watch . ”
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Global fears about the financial crisis deepened on Friday as stock markets the world over fell sharply and government officials scrambled to contain the damage .
Expectations for a coordinated response grew while the world 's finance ministers and central bankers prepared to meet this weekend in Washington .
President Bush is expected to make a statement about the financial crisis shortly after 10 a.m .
In the United States , stock futures were trading sharply lower - a sign that investors are bracing for a rough time at the opening bell .
European markets got off to a terrible start .
Within the first 10 minutes of trading , London 's FTSE , the CAC in Paris and the XETRA DAX in Frankfurt , Germany , had all sloughed off about 10 % of their values .
European markets recovered some , but all were down generally 6 % to 10 % by late morning .
Russia 's volatile stock markets were closed on Friday .
Government financial officials suspended them before trading was scheduled to open , according to the Russian Trading System .
The markets will remain closed until further notice .
One economist said the markets are nearing their bottom .
" We are getting mighty close , " according to Tom Hougaard with City Index in London .
" I have no doubt that with in the next 48 to 72 hours , we will find a low . "
Asian markets ended lower .
The Nikkei Exchange in Japan closed down 9.6 % .
Meanwhile , the Australian All Ordinaries index closed more than 8 % lower and South Korea 's KOSPI index finished the day off 4.3 % .
Hong Kong 's Hang Seng index was down about 8 % in afternoon trading and Mumbai's BSE SENSEX was down 7.4 % .
The losses brought more attempts by government officials to reverse the tide .
The Bank of Japan injected $ 45 billion into financial markets - the largest single - day amount in history - and India 's central bank made $ 8.2 billion available .
Three European central banks offered $ 120 billion in overnight cash to markets , in an effort to keep a strained financial system flush with cash , the Associated Press reported .
The European Central Bank offered $ 100 billion , the Bank of England $ 10 billion and the Swiss National Bank $ 10 billion .
A day earlier , the Hong Kong Monetary Authority cut its key interest rate by half a percent - its second such recent move .
On Wednesday , the British government said it would make available $ 87 billion to the nation 's eight largest banks in an effort to shore - up their capital positions .
In return for the infusion of capital the British government will receive preferred shares of those banks .
Iceland seized control of its three largest banks .
Officials with the Italian government have said they are looking at their own bank rescue plan similar to the British efforts .
In the United States , where the Federal Reserve and Treasury Department have already taken numerous steps in recent days , speculation grew that the government might take even more dramatic action like making direct capital investments in banks .
The selloff followed another brutal day on Wall Street on Thursday .
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 679 points - or 7.3 % .
The Dow , Standard & Poor 's 500 and Nasdaq all closed at five - year lows .
Over the last seven sessions , the Dow has lost 2,271 points , or 20.1 % .
Since hitting an all - time high of 14,164.53 one year ago Thursday , the Dow has lost 39.4 % .
The CNN Wire reports were used in compiling this article .
Internet rumor about run on the banks leads back to alleged FBI informant
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet
Friday , October 3 , 2008
A hoax Internet rumor that has been doing the rounds over the last few days posits that unless the House follows the Senate in approving the bailout bill tonight then all U.S. banks will be forced to close for one week .
The scam is noteworthy because it echoes the fearmongering rhetoric being spewed by the White House , while the source of the claim leads back to an alleged FBI informant .
The fact that people are pulling their money out of the banks is undeniable , indeed , following the collapse of Lehman Brothers , even Yahoo.com carried a story admitting there was already a “ slow motion run on banks ” .
Experts such as Mark Patterson , chairman of private equity fund MattlinPatterson , have warned that 300 to 500 U.S. banks are set to fail over the next three years and as a result absorb all of the FDIC ’s pool of funds .
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. , which guarantees individual accounts up to $ 100,000 , only has about $ 50 billion to “ insure ” about $ 1 trillion in assets across the nation ’s financial institutions .
The reality of the danger of a run on the banks in a time of financial crisis is all too real , which makes unsubstantiated Internet hoaxes all the more irresponsible .
Indeed , a Hong Kong man who posted an Internet rumor claiming that a financial institution would be shut down was arrested this week .
Another man was arrested on Saturday for urging people to withdraw money from a local bank that he claimed was about to be shut down .
There ’s a clear difference between warning people about how to secure their assets and outright scare mongering about runs on specific banks .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
Originating from a so - called “ alternative news website ” that has routinely proven to be a peddler of disinformation in the past , the rumor states , “ Reliable word that Bank of America branch managers just received a message via the U.S. Federal Reserve Wire system from the US Federal Reserve instructing them to “ perhaps be ready for a one - week universal shut - down of the banking system ” , including access to checking accounts , savings accounts , credit cards and ATM’s . ”
“ Additional word is that a silent run is taking place on many U.S. Banks with customers withdrawing huge amounts from all banks almost everyday , ” the claim reads .
“ My source says that unless Congress comes through with a plan which will stop the silent run , Banks will be forced to close to stop the run . ”
The most interesting aspect of the hoax is that it actually echoes rhetoric being used by the White House and the Federal Reserve in order to ram through the widely despised bailout bill , by using economic terrorism and the fear of total collapse of the financial system to get the message across , just as Bush , Bernanke and Paulson have been ferociously doing for the past two weeks .
No surprise therefore that we learn the source of the hoax is Hal Turner , who was exposed earlier this year as an alleged FBI informant posing as a white supremacist .
In January , hackers broke into Turner ’s computer server and found e-mails between Turner and an FBI agent who was apparently Turner ’s handler .
Turner was providing information to the FBI agent about individuals who attended his neo - nazi rallies , along with a potential assassination plot against Senator Russ Feingold .
“ Once again , ” Turner wrote to the agent , “ my fierce rhetoric has served to flush out a possible crazy . ”
When he was confronted by his readers , Turner shut down his website and vowed to separate himself from the “ pro- White ” movement .
His site later returned in the form of a blog hosted on blogspot.com .
The Southern Poverty Law Center documented the case in an article entitled , FBI ’s Use of Neo -Nazi Informant Knocked .
Both the FBI and Turner have refused to comment on the allegations .
Considering the fact that Turner has been left alone despite arguing that killing certain federal judges “ may be illegal , but it would n’t be wrong ” and outright calling for the murder of immigrants crossing border from Mexico , it ’s no surprise that his latest scam , despite its blatant illegality , will go unnoticed by the same authorities that Turner apparently accepts a paycheck from .
The SLPC article states ,
In 2006 , Turner told his audience to “ clean your guns , have plenty of ammunition … [ and ] then do what has to be done ” to undocumented workers .
Around the same time , he suggested that half the U.S. Congress “ may have to be assassinated . ”
A year earlier , he suggested “ drawing up lists of yeshivas , ” or Jewish religious schools .
He once started a website called www.killtheenemy.com for the purpose of posting photos and names of those who marched in favor of immigrant rights .
Hearing that anti-racist activist Floyd Cochran was visiting Newark , near his home town , last June , Turner said he had “ arranged for a group of guys to physically intercept ” Cochran and added that Cochran would likely “ get such a beating that his next stop is going to be University Hospital . ”
( Although complaints were made both to the FBI and to Newark police about this threat against Cochran , both declined to press criminal charges . )
So Turner ’s alleged relationship with the FBI apparently affords him immunity from any legal consequences of making death threats , just as neo -con radio talk show host Michael Reagan was left alone despite openly advocating the assassination of Mark Dice and stating “ I ’ll pay for the bullets ” .
Despite its brazenly unreliable origins , the bank closure hoax has been cropping up in e mails , forums and blogs across the Internet , almost to the point of going viral .
The fact that the scam actually endorses the necessity of passing the bailout bill should tell us in no uncertain terms that it can be attributed to the same economic terrorists that have brow - beaten the American people with threats of a financial apocalypse if the bankers and the Wall Street crooks do not get their way .
This article was posted : Friday , October 3 , 2008 at 4:20 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
One of the hurdles in origin - of - life theories is that thepieces that make up complex biomolecules do not readily come together bythemselves .
A group of scientists proposes that diamonds provided a kind of " workbench " for biomolecule manufacturing on early Earth .
Not long after its formation , our planet was — according toastrobiologists — awash in a primordial soup that contained the rudimentaryingredients of life .
The fly in the " soup " theory , however , isthat the small molecular bits likely needed outside help in order to latchtogether into the long , complex biomolecules that living organisms use .
Some scientists have suggested that the surfacesof minerals on the early Earth provided an organizing platform upon whichthe building blocks of life could assemble .?
Recent studies of diamond suggest thatits surface would be especially good for this .
" Diamond is totally non -toxic , an excellent biomaterial and certainly the only naturally existing materialthat is completely biocompatible on all levels — presumably the best of allpossible platforms for the formation of life , " said Andrei Sommer from the University of Ulm in Germany .
Sommer and his colleagues discovered that a certain type of diamond , called hydrogenated diamond , imposes arigid order on molecules near its surface .
They suggest , in a recent issue ofthe journal Crystal Growth and Design , that this diamond - mediated orderhelped fit together the pieces that led to the emergence of life .
[ This newsstory was reported by LiveScience . ]
Frozen with fear
Hydrogenated diamonds are just diamonds with an outercoating of hydrogenatoms , but they are not something you 'll find in your local jewelry shop .
Infact , the only hydrogenated diamonds currently known are all made in the lab .
" In nature , diamond hydrogenation is likely to occur inor in the vicinity of volcanoes known to emit a variety of hot gases includinghydrogen , " Sommer said .
The early Earth had so much volcanic activity thathe thinks it is highly probable that hydrogenated diamonds existed back then .
Sommer and his collaborators previously showed thathydrogenated diamond is very hydrophobic , or " water fearing " — meaning it pushes water away .
When hydrogenated diamond is wetted , the watermolecules line up on the surface as if they were frozen into a crystal layer ( an analogy might be static electricity making all the hairs on your head pointout ) .
Surprisingly , these crystal water layers do not disappearwhen the hydrogenated diamond is fully immersed in water .
Because this is theonly natural material known to exhibit this behavior , Sommer 's team proposesthat small organic molecules in the primordial soup landed on hydrogenateddiamond and were helped by its robust crystal water layers into linkingtogether to form proteins and DNA .
Support for this idea comes from a recent study that foundthat certain nucleobases ( the building blocks of DNAand RNA ) form an organized pattern on the surface of graphite , which ischemically similar to diamond .
Hydrogenated diamond should be a better organizing platformthan graphite , Sommer said .
This is because the crystal layers that form on itare not static ; they change with temperature and light intensity .
The resultingfluctuations could have helped drive the development of novel molecules in theprimordial soup .
Primordial bling - bling
" So far , crystal water layers haveonly been described on hydrogenateddiamond , " said Horst - Dieter Foersterling of Philipps University of Marburg , who was not involved with this work .
" This is a new field of research .
That this system can be helpful for the formation of biomolecules is aplausible hypothesis . "
It remains uncertain whether there was any hydrogenateddiamond on Earth billions of years ago , but even a little bit might be enough .
" I think it is not important that a lot of hydronenateddiamond was available , " Foersterling said .
" Once the first evolutionprocess has started in a very special location [ such as a tiny patch ofhydrogenated diamond ] , and stable DNA strands have formed , a special locationis no more necessary . "
Most of us can point to recent losses and disappointments in our lives , but it is not always clear that they are causally related to our becoming depressed .
For example , a patient who had a stroke a month ago may appear tearful , lethargic and depressed .
To critics , the so - called depression is just “ normal sadness ” in reaction to a terrible psychological blow .
But strokes are also known to disrupt chemical pathways in the brain that directly affect mood .
What is the “ real ” trigger for this patient ’s depression ?
Perhaps it is a combination of psychological and neurological factors .
In short , the notion of “ reacting ” to adverse life events is complex and problematic .
Third , and perhaps most troubling , is the implication that a recent major loss makes it more likely that the person ’s depressive symptoms will follow a benign and limited course , and therefore do not need medical treatment .
This has never been demonstrated , to my knowledge , in any well - designed studies .
And what has been demonstrated , in a study by Dr. Sidney Zisook , is that antidepressants may help patients with major depressive symptoms occurring just after the death of a loved one .
Yes , most psychiatrists would concede that in the space of a brief “ managed care ” appointment , it ’s very hard to understand much about the context of the patient ’s depressive complaints .
And yes , under such conditions , some doctors are tempted to write that prescription for Prozac or Zoloft and move on to the next patient .
But the vexing issue of when bereavement or sadness becomes a disorder , and how it should be treated , requires much more study .
Most psychiatrists believe that undertreatment of severe depression is a more pressing problem than overtreatment of “ normal sadness . ”
Until solid research persuades me otherwise , I will most likely see people like my jilted patient as clinically depressed , not just “ normally sad ”  and I will provide him with whatever psychiatric treatment he needs to feel better .
Credit : ChangeWave
30 percent of respondents spent less than planned
12 percent of respondents spent more than planned
29 percent of respondents expect to spend less than planned or will not spend at all
13 percent of respondents expect to spend more than planned
35 percent of respondents blame high - energy costs
25 percent of respondents " said the U.S. presidential election is having an impact "
Credit : ChangeWave
Credit : ChangeWave
56 percent of say they plan to spend less in Q4 less because of inflation
56 percent of consumers say they plan to spend less in Q4 because of higher energy costs
Credit : ChangeWave
If there was any doubt that the U.S. economy is hurting , taking a gander at today 's financial news should sober you up quickly : Lehman Brothers filed for bankruptcy , and Bank of America is bailing out foundering Merrill Lynch .
If you are not an investor , you might ask why you should care and what does this have to do with technology .
The state of the economy is as much a reflection on actual financial circumstances as it is aof today 's and tomorrow 's financials .
This means that what people and companies purchase and who companies hire and who they lay off are all based at least in part on what theythe future holds .
We 've been hearing for months that companies will be reducing spending and hiring , and cutting back on overhead ( i.e. , jobs ) in the third and fourth quarters this year in anticipation of reduced revenues .
Whether it is a self - fulfilling prophecy or not , it is happening ... Investment research company , ChangeWave , recently released the results of a study of 3Q IT spending habits and 4Q IT spending expectations , and in a nutshell , " the results were the worst we 've seen in a ChangeWave survey . "
( The data that ChangeWave published with the survey show numbers only going as far back to September 2004 , but ChangeWave has data that goes back father than that . )
" You have to go back to the middle of the last recession ( August 2001 ) to find a ChangeWave survey projecting an IT spending downturn this big . " " These grim survey results indicate that the U.S. economic downturn is far from over .
In fact , the findings foreshadow even tougher times ahead ...
When we asked respondents exactly when they thought IT spending would pick up in their company , 39 % said not until at least the second quarter of 2009 , or later .
"
Not all the news is bad , however .
Research In Motion ( RIM ) and Apple seem to be doing well on the smartphone front in terms of IT spending .
For expected fourth - quarter purchases , 79 percent of companies plan on purchasing RIM Blackberry smartphones .
While only 17 percent of companies say they plan on purchasing iPhones , this is a four percent increase since May 2008 , and a seven percent jump since a year ago .
( On the other hand , Palm is down from 22 percent in February 2007 to six percent now . )
ChangeWave further states , " in another positive for Apple , 19 % of respondents reported that the release of the iPhone 3G has made their company more likely to purchase Apple products in the future .
Only 1 % said less likely .
" Other than RIM and Apple , it looks there will be few winners in IT spending for the rest of this year , and perhaps even into the second quarter of next year .
It should be no surprise that consumer spending is also seeing similar declines in actual and planned spending : ChangeWave 's survey of consumer - spending habits sees a significant shift in consumers switching from " high - cost items with more reasonably priced ones " ( this is what ChangeWave calls the " substitution principle " ) .
ChangeWave reports that retail outlets such as Best Buy , Macy's , and Sears are losing market share , while discount wholesale stores such as Wal - Mart and Costco are seeing a significant uptake in business .
The usual fallout from such trends are lay - offs , reduced spending , and companies going out of business .
However , a potential upside is a reduction in the cost of non-essential goods .
So as long as you have a job , and the places you shop stay in business , you might find more bargains in the coming months , whether you are a consumer or a IT professional .
Banksy has left Louisiana and is headed north , stenciling and skewering as he goes .
Here he strings up the KKK outside Birmingham , Alabama .
Supertouch has the story :
British street artist BANKSY has been on a southern road trip of late , starting in a pre-Gustav New Orleans before moving on to ALABAMA where he paid homage to the great white powers - that - be with his stenciled image of a hung KKK member on an abandoned gas station .
Taking matters into their own hands yesterday , irate locals broke out their own spray cans to let the world know what they think of a snotty English street artist pointin ’ fingers at their good ole boys .
Too bad they did n’t realize that simply cutting out the stencil & selling it on eBay would have been the sweetest revenge .
But like I said on the comments over there , by doing this the thin - skinned knuckle - walkers of Birmingham have given Banksy two news cycles instead of just one , illustrated his point with their own repressive actions , and turned a static work of art into a piece of social - engineered , community - based performance art , with themselves playing the trained monkeys .
Nice work , Birmingham !
And here ’s what a local has to say about it .
Turns out the owner of the gas station is a black guy who really liked the work :
I went down to Birmingham from Nashville Monday night to check this out …it ’s not everyday something like this is happens so close .
Got to the site around 11:30 pm ( not a good idea in that neighborhood that late ! ) only to discover that the piece had just been painted over .
The paint was still drying … I was gutted .
So …we went back Tuesday morning to get a better look .
We ended up sticking around for pretty much the entire afternoon .
There was a steady flow of the people in the neighborhood stopping by to check it out as well as those tipped off by sites like this .
It was really amazing to see the range of responses that this piece evoked .
Some people saw it as death to racism … other just saw it as hate .
As one local said … ” Hate breeds hate ” … it did n’t matter to him who was hanging from the noose … all he saw was hate .
Overall … it really sparked some great conversations between people who probably never would have stopped to talk if it were n’t for this piece .
Love it or hate it …
I think the piece did it ’s job .
While we were there …we had started talking to and older African - American man who ended up being the property owner .
He had seen the image the day before and had come back to take video of the place – only to find it painted over .
He understood the painting and appreciated the quality of work … but he had no idea what he was dealing with …so I got to fill him in and explain why so many people were coming by to take pictures .
Long story short … in an effort to protect this image from further damage or from disappearing altogether …I told him he might want to take the piece down himself .
Not sure if I ’ll get some flack for that on this site … but I thought it was the right thing to do .
So …my friend and I ended hanging out with this amazing gentleman for the day and helped him remove the work .
He did let us each keep one of the blank grey panels … so I guess I can say I own an original Banksy !
HA !
Anyways … I told him I told him I ’d help out and try to get an idea of what something like this could fetch if being sold .
Any feedback would be great !
I ’d also be curious to know if anyone thinks there is any restoration that can be done .
I ’m not thinking there is … but I thought I ’d ask .
and pictures of the sad de-Banksyfication of the site .
Nutrisystem is a food delivery diet program that has been tested in a number of studies .
In 2012 , Dr Figueroa of Florida State University found that the Nutrisystem diet had the following effects on 51 obese post - menopausal women :
It decreased their body weight , trunk fat mass , and pulse wave velocity ( a measure of arterial stiffness ) .
Use Nutrisystem promotional code SAVE20 to save $ 20 on any 4 - week plan .
My Favorite Nutrisystem Foods
The Nutrisystem food philosophy aims at helping people eat healthy in order to lose weight and also live better , healthier lives .
Nutrisystem suggests delicious and easy to make meals that should be consumed in reasonable proportions .
They have meal plans that guarantee a balanced nutrition ; meals that have plenty of protein and fiber and low in carbs .
Favorite Breakfasts
My favorite picks for breakfast are Blueberry Lemon Baked bars and Nutriflakes Cereal .
The Blueberry Lemon Bar is made with whole wheat flour , dried blueberries , oats , butter , honey , eggs , soy , and milk .
So why do I like it so much ?
It ’s made using whole grains and prepared with no additives such as sweeteners and artificial flavors .
It ’s also preservative - free .
The bar is very tasty , just what my taste buds need in the morning .
It has an amazing nutritional aspect , with one bar giving me up to 6 % of iron and 2 % of calcium .
It also contains a good percentage of dietary fiber .
The Nutriflakes Cereal on the other hand is whole wheat and wheat bran meal whose contents include malt extracts and vitamins A , C , B1 , B2 , B6 and D. I only add at least half a cup of fat - free milk to it , and I ’ll be good to go .
I can also top with grapes , bananas , strawberries or any fruit of my liking , to make it flavorful .
The reason I like it much ?
It has the right amount of carbohydrates , sodium , proteins , fat and vitamins .
It ’s absolutely cholesterol free and helps me kick - start my day energized and on a positive note .
Favorite Lunches
For my Lunch , I prefer Black Beans and Rice .
This meal is prepared with black beans , white rice , spices , cilantro , and vegetables such as tomatoes , bell pepper , and onions .
Other ingredients used to make tastier are natural flavors such as caramel and sunflower oil .
Why is it my favorite pick ?
I ’d say it ’s very quick and easy to make .
It only takes me approximately three minutes to heat it up and serve .
I have always loved the nutritional value of beans , their taste and the fact that my stomach feels full through the remaining part of the day .
By having this meal , I wo n’t crave unhealthy snacks in between meals .
My second lunch option is the Spicy Kung Pao noodles which contain wheat flour , salt , and brine .
Other components of this food are peanuts , garlic , onions , natural flavors and chili peppers .
The reason why I like it is because it quenches my thirst whenever I crave some Asian food , and the fact that it ’s light .
It takes me less than two minutes to prepare .
It ’s also very spicy which makes it desirable .
Supplement deals
Nutrisystem is all about the ideal food that is designed to help you lose fat and weight , obtain a nice and athletic figure and help you raise your self - esteem and confidence by feeling great about your body .
Now , you get the opportunity to add to your diet any supplement product you need , want and desire from a vast assortment of dietary supplements .
These supplements are intended to provide you with all the substances , minerals , vitamins , amino acids , fatty acids and fiber your body requires to burn fat , increase your metabolism , lose weight and ultimately help you sculpt the body you have always wanted .
With your muscle and strength discount code , you can now order on - line fat - burners , metabolism - boosters , energy - enhancers , thermogenic powders , appetite - suppresants , weight - loss products , muscle - builders and have them delivered at your own doorstep .
Even more , there are hundrends of online supplement deals and coupons available to you such as “ Buy 1 Get 1 Free ” , “ Buy 2 Get 1 Free ” , “ Buy 1 Get 1 50 % Off ” and “ Discount coupons ” that allow you to buy the products you want from the best and most well - established brands in the fitness and weight - loss industry at a significantly reduced price .
Favorite Snacks
My number one choice of snacks is the Chocolate Chip Cookies .
They are prepared with eggs , vanilla , soy , milk , wheat , and chocolate chips that are sugar - free .
I like them because of their crunchiness , taste and their ability to quench my craving for chocolate or other sweet items .
They are satisfactory .
I usually combine these with a glass of milk .
By having these , I wo n’t need to feed on chocolate for days .
Golden Pound Cake is my second choice of snack .
It contains water , eggs , sugar , non -fat milk and whole wheat flour .
Whenever I need something sweet and light , I go for nothing else but this cake .
I like the fact that I can eat it on its own and also combine it with some fruit if I ’m looking for greater taste .
Its nutritional components include calcium , dietary fiber , iron , and fat .
Keep up with the latest reviews and Nutrisystem promo codes to save up to 40 % .
Nine Australian special forces soldiers have been wounded in a battle against Taliban insurgents in Afghanistan .
One has life - threatening injuries , five have serious wounds , and the other three have slight wounds .
The Defence Department says the nine were members of a Special Operations Task Group ( SOTG ) detachment fighting an overnight battle with the Taliban in Uruzgan province .
It says several members of the Taliban were killed during the fight and the operation , aimed at disrupting Taliban command and control networks , is still going on .
In a statement , Defence spokesman Brigadier Brian Dawson said the wounded received immediate first aid from fellow patrol members at the scene and were evacuated by helicopter to ISAF medical faciltiies .
" All nine soldiers have been evacuated from the area of the contact and are receiving the best possible medical care at present , " he said in the statement .
The soldiers ' families have been notified , the statement said .
Chief of the Defence Air Chief Marshal Angus Houston says the troops were ambushed .
" I think it 's very good that we have n't lost anybody , " he said .
" It 's a very dangerous place and we were involved in an activity with other forces , and I guess we were ambushed and this is what happened .
" I can't go into the operational details because they [ the troops ] are still out there and they 're still on operations . "
The incident follows the death in July of 25 - year - old SAS Signaller Sean McCarthy , the sixth Australian soldier to die in theatre in Afghanistan , also in Uruzgan .
During an address to mark Battle of Australia day , Prime Minister Kevin Rudd told the audience about the incident .
" Our thoughts and our prayers are with our troops , with their families and their loved ones , " he said .
" So today we remember those who gave their all for this nation in the past , but let us also remember those who continue to give their all to this nation today . "
Geez , I thought McCain was off to a bad start this week .
Then along came the Gaffe Twins again .
Joe Biden ’s trashing his campaign ’s moronic e-mail attack ad : “ Terrible . ”
Barack Obama ’s trashing Joe Biden ’s initial refusal to back the AIG bailout :
He “ should have waited . ”
Joe Biden ’s changing the campaign ’s position on clean coal :
He ’s against it .
Obama ’s for it .
( Vid is here . )
And via reader Richard J :
Michelle & Co. –
Looks like Joe Biden , in his interview with Katie Couric , was copying off the wrong classmate ’s exam again .
He said ( video here ) :
“ When the stock market crashed , Franklin Roosevelt got on the television and did n’t just talk about the princes of greed .
He said , ‘ look , here ’s what happened . ' ”
My recollection is that the stock market crash was in 1929 .
Two problems here : Television did not even exist in 1929 , and FDR was elected in 1932 , so he was n’t even the leader at the time of the crash .
When Joe was in history class , was he cheating by looking over the class dunce ’s shoulder , or does he just make this stuff up ?
Of course , TV celebrity Katie Couric also did n’t note that Biden ’s statement was doubly incorrect .
Her goal was a softball puff piece . ”
Cotocotuyoc trophy skull showing cut nasal area and gold alloy pins used to fasten the scalp back on for public desplay .
This Wari warrior , excavated by Earthwatch volunteers working with Dr. Mary Glowacki , was approximately 30 years old and had survived several head injuries .
A recently unearthed human skull [ image ] believed to have been used as a ceremonial trophy by the people of an ancient Peruvian empire gives new insights into the nature of warfare in the society , archaeologists say .
The Wari Empire , a society that predated the Incas , ruled over parts of Peru 1,500 to 1,000 years ago .
While exploring a Wari cemetery last summer in Peru ’s Huaro Valley , archaeologists discovered what they consider to be an elite section of the graveyard when they came across llama bones arranged in a special pattern , often a marker of something special when it comes to Wari remains .
Beneath the bones , the team found a skull with several unusual holes and marks that seem to indicate it was revered .
Circular holes cut at the skull ’s base [ image ] and back suggest it was held on poles or worn as a large pendant during special ceremonies .
A line cut across the front of the skull indicated that the scalp may have been removed either for cleaning or as a ceremonial vessel , and was later reattached with gold - alloy pins .
The archaeologists think the skull belonged to a warrior because of healed - over scars and abrasions on it .
They estimate the warrior was about 30 years old when he died .
For his skull to be displayed in ceremonies , the man must have been a well - respected warrior .
“ The trophy skull adds a new dimension to our understanding of the role of warriors and warfare in Wari culture , ” said team leader Mary Glowacki of the Earthwatch Institute .
The expedition was funded by volunteers who join Earthwatch scientists on field missions .
The site of the cemetery , Cotocotuyoc , which sits high above the floor of the valley , was believed to be a last stronghold of the Wari as their empire collapsed .
Let ’s start with the obvious – this Star Wars themed AM / FM radio and CD player wo n’t give you the ultimate sound experience .
Still , this black and shiny gizmo , shaped like Darth Vader ’s helmet , will make a nice piece of collectable for any Star Wars fan .
Apart from the radio and CD player , you also have the option to connect your MP3 player ( at a guess , using a 3.5 mm stereo audio plug ) .
There are six visible buttons to control the music plus two placed inside the mouth of Anakin Skywalker ’s alter ego – here you will find the controls for volume and eject .
When a CD is playing , you can see the disc spin through the glowing eyes of Darth Vader , which are both illuminated by two red LEDs .
The Darth Vader Radio and CD Player ( website in French ) requires 6 x LR14 batteries and the product is available from Amazon . fr for 60 EUR ( about $ 88 USD ) .
Is Ruth Marcus really so desperate to ‘ even the scales ’ that she ’s claiming that the phrase “ privatizing Social Security ” is “ incendiary ” language that amounts to deception ?
Is she so ignorant of this debate that she does n’t know that it was the preferred language of the advocates of privatization for more than two decades until they found out it was n’t polling well enough during the first two years of the Bush administration ?
And it ’s apparently a big lie to say that Florida retirees would be in a big jam right now if John McCain had had his way right now and privatized Social Security because under McCain ’s and Bush ’s plan current retirees and those a few years from retirement would n’t be affected .
So in other words , from when McCain instituted the plan five years ago it would n’t have affected those now drawing benefits or just entering the system .
Or wait , McCain ’s not even president yet , right ?
So , true , presumably it would n’t apply right now in 2008 to anyone in advance of McCain ’s even being in office and putting through his plan .
The point is that there ’s no end of special pleading and candidate hand - holding when the topic is the privatization of Social Security .
And even the prestige columnists appear completely innocent of the details of how the proposed changes would work .
squidrabies 's Comics
07/19/19 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
01/10/08 - God 's Image
01/10/08 - God 's Image
01/10/08 - God 's Image
01/10/08 - God 's Image
01/10/08 - God 's Image
01/09/08 - God 's Image
01/09/08 - God 's Image
12/29/06 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
10/17/06 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
09/25/06 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
09/08/06 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
09/08/06 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
04/02/06 - Tard Boy and Finkelman at the movies
04/01/06 - Tard Boy and Finkelman at the movies
04/01/06 - Tard Boy and Finkelman at the movies
03/31/06 - Tard Boy and Finkelman at the movies
03/31/06 - Tard Boy and Finkelman at the movies
03/31/06 - Tard Boy and Finkelman at the movies
03/31/06 - Tard Boy and Finkelman at the movies
03/31/06 - Tard Boy and Finkelman at the movies
03/31/06 - Tard Boy and Finkelman at the movies
03/31/06 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
01/24/06 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
01/03/06 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
12/25/05 - The Twelve Days of Tard Boy and Finkelman 12/25/05 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
12/10/05 - Home Alone with Tard Boy and Finkelman
12/10/05 - Black Tard Boy and Finkelman Christmas
12/10/05 - Tard Boy , Finkelman and Gremlins
12/10/05 - Melty the Snowman Was A Jolly Happy Soul 12/09/05 - Tard Boy and Finkelman Die Hard 12/09/05 - Tard Boy and Finkelman , the Red-Nosed Reindeer
12/09/05 - A Tard Boy and Finkelman Story
12/09/05 - A Charlie Brown Tard Boy and Finkelman
12/09/05 - It 's a Wonderful Tard Boy and Finkelman 12/09/05 - A Tard Boy and Finkelman on 34th Street
12/09/05 - A Tard Boy and Finkelman Carol 12/06/05 - Mister Monkeybottom
12/05/05 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
10/20/05 - American Gothic
10/20/05 - Specific Hospital 10/20/05 - Specific Hospital 10/18/05 - Specific Hospital 10/17/05 - Specific Hospital 10/17/05 - Specific Hospital 10/12/05 - Princess Twinkies the Friendly Cthulhu 10/11/05 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
09/30/05 - God : Millenium One
09/30/05 - God : Millenium One
09/30/05 - God : Year One
09/23/05 - God : Millenium One
09/23/05 - God : Millenium One
09/23/05 - God : Millenium One
09/23/05 - God : Year One
09/21/05 - God : Year One
09/17/05 - God : Year One
09/15/05 - God : Year One
09/15/05 - God : Year One
09/14/05 - God : Year One
09/14/05 - God : Year One
09/14/05 - God : Year One
09/14/05 - God : Year One
09/14/05 - God : Year One
09/14/05 - God : Year One
09/14/05 - God : Year One
09/14/05 - God : Year One
09/12/05 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
09/10/05 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
09/09/05 - Mister Monkeybottom , Investigate Reporter
09/09/05 - Mister Monkeybottom , Investigative Reporter
09/09/05 - Mister Monkeybottom , Investigative Reporter
08/12/05 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
08/08/05 - Mister Monkeybottom
08/06/05 - Melty the Snowman
08/01/05 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
07/25/05 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
07/25/05 - Melty the Snowman
07/25/05 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
07/24/05 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
06/15/05 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
05/07/05 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
05/07/05 - Melty the Snowman
05/07/05 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
05/02/05 - Melty the Snowman
05/01/05 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
04/30/05 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
04/30/05 - Princess Twinkies the Friendly Cthulhu
04/30/05 - Mister Monkeybottom
04/29/05 - Melty the Snowman
04/27/05 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
07/25/04 - Mister Monkeybottom
07/24/04 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
11/23/03 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
11/23/03 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
03/27/03 - Mister Monkeybottom
02/28/03 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
02/28/03 - Princess Twinkies the Friendly Cthulhu 02/28/03 - Tard Boy and Finkelman 02/28/03 - Tard Boy and Finkelman 02/28/03 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
02/18/03 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
02/13/03 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
02/10/03 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
02/03/03 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
12/25/02 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
12/24/02 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
12/24/02 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
12/24/02 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
12/24/02 - Melty the Snowman
12/23/02 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
12/17/02 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
12/17/02 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
10/22/02 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
10/21/02 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
10/14/02 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
10/13/02 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
10/01/02 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
10/01/02 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
09/27/02 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
09/26/02 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
09/26/02 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
09/24/02 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
09/22/02 - Melty the Snowman
09/22/02 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
09/05/02 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
08/31/02 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
08/31/02 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
08/31/02 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
08/27/02 - Mr. Monkeybottom
08/22/02 - Melty the Snowman
08/22/02 - Mr. Monkeybottom
08/22/02 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
08/19/02 - El Muchacho de Tard y Finkelman
08/19/02 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
08/19/02 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
08/12/02 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
08/10/02 - Mr. Monkeybottom
08/10/02 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
08/09/02 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
08/08/02 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
08/07/02 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
08/07/02 - Mr. Monkeybottom
08/07/02 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
08/07/02 - Melty the Snowman
08/06/02 - Princess Twinkies the Friendly Cthulhu 08/06/02 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
08/06/02 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
08/06/02 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
08/05/02 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
08/05/02 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
08/05/02 - Mr. Monkeybottom
08/05/02 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
08/05/02 - Princess Twinkies the Friendly Cthulhu 3
08/04/02 - Tard Boy and Finkelman 3
08/04/02 - Tard Boy and Finkelman 2
08/04/02 - Tard Boy and Finkelman
08/04/02 - Melty the Snowman 2
08/04/02 - Melty the Snowman
08/04/02 - Who 's Your Daddy ?
08/04/02 - Everything Must Die 2
08/03/02 - Mister Monkeybottom
08/03/02 - Princess Twinkies the Friendly Cthulhu 08/03/02 - Everything Must Die
Matt Damon terrified by the possibility of a President Palin Nick Langewis and David Edwards
Published : Wednesday September 10 , 2008
Print This Email This Screen star Matt Damon told the Associated Press that he considers the prospect of a President Palin to be a " really terrifying possibility . "
" I think there 's a really good chance that Sarah Palin could be president , " he said , " and I think that 's a really scary thing . "
Noting Palin 's relative youth in the political sphere as mayor of a small town in Alaska and the state 's governor for less than two years , " I think the pick was made for political purposes , " he added , " but , in terms of governance , it 's a disaster . "
" You do the actuary tables - - there 's a one - out - of - three chance , if not more , that McCain does n't survive his first term , and it will be President Palin . "
" It 's like a really bad Disney movie , " he continued .
" ' I 'm just a hockey mom from Alaska , ' and she 's the President !
And it 's like , she 's facing down Vladimir Putin using the ... folks stuff she learned at the hockey rink .
You know , it 's absurd . "
" The fact that we 've gotten this far , and we 're that close to this being a reality , is crazy ... I need to know if she really thinks dinosaurs were here 4,000 years ago .
That 's an important -- I want to to know that , I really do , because she 's going to have the nuclear codes . "
The following clip is from the Associated Press , broadcast on September 10 , 2008 :
Download video
It was the end of the day , and my blood sugar was dangerously low .
Colors and sounds were louder than they should have been .
My feet and legs had been replaced by two dull , throbbing stumps that barely supported the weight of my body .
Most of the day , I 'd been signing autographs for and talking with countless excited fans .
Some of them shook my hand too hard and too long with a sweaty grip that trembled a little too much .
Some of them stared at me uncomfortably .
Some of them rambled incoherently .
All of them were genuinely friendly , though .
I took it all in stride , because I 've done this convention thing for -- my god -- two decades , and even though I do n't think I 'm anything worth getting excited about , I know that it happens sometimes , and I know how people occasionally react .
I never laugh at them or make them feel lame .
I never make jokes at their expense .
I am understanding and grateful that they want to talk to me at all .
I would n't want to talk to me if I was trapped with me in an elevator , and I certainly would n't be excited about the prospect if faced with the option .
I am always grateful , and take nothing for granted .
A voice boomed over my head , blasting right through my eardrums and exploding inside my skull .
The convention floor was closing , it announced , and it was time for all of us to get the fuck out .
Red - jacketed security guards emerged from shadows I had n't noticed during the day .
A handful at first , then a dozen , like zombies pouring through a breach in a barricade .
They shambled forward relentlessly , single - mindedly driving a mass of exhibitors and straggling fans toward the doors .
I picked up my backpack , inexplicably heavier than it was before I emptied pounds of books from it earlier in the day , and heaved it onto my shoulders .
My back screamed .
" You have to vacate the hall , " a girl said to me .
She could n't have been older than eighteen , but clearly was n't going to take any shit from anyone , especially someone in my weakened state .
" I 'm on my way , " I said .
I turned to say goodbye to my boothmates , and saw the unmistakable visage of Jeph Jacques walk past behind them .
I 've done this convention thing for a long time , so I knew that it was unlikely that I 'd have a chance to say more than three words to Jeph before the convention was over .
If I did n't seize the moment , I probably would n't get another chance .
I smiled at the girl , faked to my right , and spun to my left around her .
I nearly fell over from the effort .
" Hey . . . " she began .
I took two quick steps away from her with my last bits of strength .
" Jeph ! " I called out .
He kept walking .
He 's done this convention thing before , and , like me , knows that when someone calls out your name at the end of the day it 's best to pretend you did n't hear them so you can just get the hell out of the hall and to a place where you can recover your hit points .
This place is usually called a bar .
" Jeph ! It 's Wil Wheaton ! " I called out .
I do n't know Jeph well enough to call him a friend , but we 've talked at shows before , and I 've always enjoyed our limited interactions .
Maybe if he knew it was me , and not some random person , he 'd stop so I could say hello .
Maybe he would n't want to talk to me if we were trapped in an elevator , but I knew the security guards were closing in , and if I could get into his Circle of Protection : Exhibitor , maybe I could stay there for a couple of minutes .
He stopped and turned around .
He smiled wearily , and said hello .
We shook hands , and I noticed that he'd been walking with someone .
" Hey , have you ever met Randall ? "
He said .
His companion turned to me and extended his hand .
My brain screamed at me , " OH MY GOD OH MY GOD OH MY GOD THAT'S RANDALL MUNROE ! BE COOL ! "
Before I knew what was happening , my hand shot out from my body and grabbed his .
I incoherently babbled something about how much I love his work .
He tried to say something , but I just .
kept . talking .
My brain screamed at me , " SHUT UP !
YOU'RE MAKING A FOOL OF YOURSELF YOU ASSHOLE ! "
My mouth , however , was out of my control .
I continued to ramble , vomiting a turgid cascade of genuinely - excited praise and gratitude all over him .
A full minute later , I realized , to my abject horror , that my hand was still shaking his .
I held it too hard in a sweaty , trembling hand .
Darkness flashed at the edges of my vision , and I felt weak .
I pulled my hand back , a little too quickly , mumbled an apology , and shut my mouth .
They said things to me , but I could n't hear them over my own brain screaming at me , " GET OUT OF THERE YOU COCKASS .
YOU HAD ONE CHANCE TO MEET RANDALL MUNROE AND YOU BLEW IT !
I HATE YOU !
YOU GO TO HELL NOW !
YOU GO TO HELL AND YOU DIE ! "
A hand fell on my shoulder .
I turned toward it , and saw the security girl .
" Sir , you need to leave the hall . "
She said .
" Now . "
She had backup : a pair of similarly - aged teens , two boys working on their first mustaches .
They fixed me with a steely - eyed gazes .
I have never been so relieved to be kicked out of anyplace in the world as I was then .
" I guess I better go , " I said .
I took a short breath , and lamely added , " it 's really nice to meet you .
I really do love your work . "
My brain did the slow clap .
His reply did not penetrate the wall of shame I 'd constructed around myself , though I clearly recall that he did n't make fun of me , or make me feel stupid , or let on that I was a sweaty , shaking , raving lunatic .
He did n't appear to be grateful that we were n't trapped in an elevator , though I suspect he must have been .
As I fled the hall , I was grateful for his kindness , patience , and understanding .
Once outside , I went to a place where I could forget my appalling embarrassment .
That place was called a bar .
Posted By : Stonecipher
Sept. 25 , 2008
In a political shocker today , John McCain announced that he would suspend his campaign for president and head back to Washington to work on solving the economic crisis with Congress .
McCain also called for the postponement of Friday night ’s debate between Obama and McCain .
When did he want it rescheduled ?
October 2 , coincidentally , the very same day the Vice Presidential debate is scheduled between Sarah Palin and Joe Biden .
McCain wants the VP debate to then be rescheduled for a later date .
As I wrote on Tuesday , John McCain thinks the American Public is stupid , and this is another excellent example of that .
Clearly this is a political ploy .
It is a photo opp for John McCain , a chance for him to be seen " doing something " with Congress .
And it is a desperate stab of an attempt to continue to keep Sarah Palin out of the public eye for as long as possible , a move that is looking more and more necessary for Team McCain as the days go by .
McCain ’s sudden interest in his duties as a Senator is laughable .
Sure , any presidential candidate who happens to be a member of Congress is going to have a hard time making it back to Washington for every vote , but McCain has missed a staggering 64.1 % of the votes during the 110th Congress ( 2007 - 2008 ) , almost 20 % more than Obama ’s 45.9 % missed - and remember Obama was bogged down in a very lengthy Primary Campaign until June while McCain sat on the sidelines waiting for his opponent .
McCain ’s whopping 412 missed votes over the past two years are the most missed in the U.S. Senate .
Obama ranks number three in missed votes with 295 .
So who is between them at number two ?
Democratic Senator Tim Johnson from South Dakota , who spent several months recovering from a brain hemorrhage which he suffered in late 2006 .
Johnson missed 48.4 % of the votes , or almost 16 % fewer than McCain missed .
Fortunately , Johnson has returned to the Senate .
McCain has n’t been there in five months .
For Obama ’s part , he plans to leave Florida tomorrow , where he has been doing debate preparation , and head to Washington for a meeting with President Bush and John McCain at The White House .
Obama , however , seems quite confident that his time in Washington will not make it impossible for him to debate John McCain Friday night .
As Obama himself said on Wednesday " Presidents have to deal with more than one thing at a time . "
Senator McCain , however , is making an effort to capitalize on this crisis by running around and telling anyone who will listen that he cares more about America than winning an election .
He and Palin love to say " Country First " .
The truth is , John McCain is putting John McCain first , not the country .
He is in full panic mode and he understands that his golden opportunity to make up some ground on Obama was Friday night ’s scheduled foreign policy debate , but now that the economic crisis has taken center stage the focus of the debate is likely to shift a great deal .
The economy is one of McCain ’s weakest topics and dealing with it , rather than the topic of foreign policy , is something Sen.
McCain just simply would prefer not to do .
But , unfortunately , as president he will not be able to select when and what type of crisis hits .
He ’ll have to be prepared for all of them .
He better get used to it if he wants to continue to be taken seriously as a candidate .
In addition to McCain ’s debate problem , though , he is also beginning to figure out that his running mate , whom he met only once in his life prior to selecting her , has a debate problem of her own - she is completely unprepared for facing Joe Biden .
So the Senator from Arizona decided to gamble that this economic crisis was going to give him and Palin both a way to distract the public while the two of them slithered out of their debate commitments .
There is nothing " country first " about that .
In fact , when it comes down to it this is nothing more than a " McCain First " moment .
Note :
Do n't forget to vote in our latest poll regarding Friday night 's debates .
You can find it by clicking here or by locating it over in the right - hand column of this page .
Also , be sure to check out our latest post : McCain / Palin Will Try to Weasel Out of VP Debate
From AP :
More than 10,000 people have signed an online petition urging the Army to let an Iraqi puppy come home with a Minnesota soldier , who fears that “ Ratchet ” could be killed if left behind .
“ I just want my puppy home , ” Sgt. Gwen Beberg of Minneapolis wrote to her mother in an e-mail Sunday from Iraq , soon after she was separated from the dog following a transfer .
“ I miss my dog horribly . ”
Beberg , 28 , is scheduled to return to the U.S. next month .
Electronic
Arts has come under fire for its use to SecuROM , a form of DRM dubbed " draconian " by those who tore Spore to shreds in Amazon reviews .
While many consumers want SecuROM to scuttle its overbearing ass out of their videogames , EA is refusing to dispose of the system , and it will be in upcoming RTS Red Alert 3 .
Executive Producer Chris Corry has reached out to the EA community to address some concerns about Red Alert 3's DRM .
Claiming that RA3 would be more " lenient " with its copy protection , Corry offered such compromises as one - time - only online activation and the ability to install the game on up to five computers .
He also sent out this plea to the fans :
Red Alert 3 is shaping up to be a world - class RTS game that will give you many hours of enjoyment .
I think it would be a shame if people decided to not play a great game simply because it came with DRM , but I understand that this is a very personal decision for many of you and I respect that .
As you might imagine , I ’m a lot less respectful of those people who take the position that they will illegally download a game simply because it has DRM .
What do you make of this ?
Is Red Alert 's compromise enough to make SecuROM sound more appealing ?
It does n't look like something that will appease those who savaged Spore .
Ultimately , SecuROM has become a dirty word and its name is associated with oppressive copy protection that harms only the legitimate customer and does nothing to the pirate .
I do n't thinK EA will be able to wipe that image away any time soon .
GENEVA ( Reuters ) - India welcomed on Wednesday an offer by the United States to limit its disputed farm subsidies as part of efforts to save a global trade deal but immediately came under pressure from Washington to make concessions itself .
World Trade Organization ( WTO ) Director - General Pascal Lamy ( R ) sits next to Australia 's Ambassador to the WTO Bruce Gosper , as he opens an informal session of the Trade Negotiation Committee at the WTO in Geneva July 21 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Denis Balibouse
Talks were taking place late into the night on Wednesday as more than 30 trade ministers press for a breakthrough in the World Trade Organisation ’s seven - year Doha negotiation .
“ The first thing which we must take note of and must appreciate is that the United States is moving , ” Indian Commerce Minister Kamal Nath told reporters .
Washington had to cut subsidies more deeply but its move on Tuesday showed the deadlock was easing , Nath said , sounding more upbeat than hours earlier when he said the U.S. offer was “ wholly inadequate . ”
“ Up to now there was no movement .
The fact that movement has started is a good thing , ” Nath told reporters .
U.S officials said they were disappointed that Nath did not respond to their subsidy offer by indicating new willingness to cut tariffs on manufactured goods which they argue would also help other developing countries access India ’s vast market .
“ We hope Nath is just reading from old talking points .
If the emerging markets do n’t contribute it will not truly be a development round , ” said U.S. spokeswoman Gretchen Hamel .
Under Doha , developing countries are supposed to benefit from a scaling back of subsidies and import tariffs that protect farmers in the United States and Europe .
But the biggest emerging economies like India and China are being asked to open their markets too , from farm products to industrial goods such as cars and chemicals .
SMALLER HUDDLES
Seven key WTO players -- the United States , the EU , Japan , China , India , Brazil and Australia -- were meeting late into the night on Wednesday in a new format of small groups of negotiators focusing on specific deadlock issues .
Australian Trade Minister Simon Crean , taking a break from the talks shortly before 10:30 p.m. ( 4:30 p.m. EDT ) , said he was hoping progress could be made in a potentially all - night session of negotiations .
“ I am coming back so I can work through the night , ” he told reporters .
“ It ’s a very good sign . ”
Indian Commerce Minister Kamal Nath said the meeting would resume at 1 a.m. ( 7 p.m. EDT ) .
Rich countries were hoping for signs that the big developing economies were ready to be flexible on industrial goods .
Unless the talks collapse , they could extend beyond the original end date of Saturday and well into next week as WTO boss Pascal Lamy pressed for a breakthrough , officials said .
“ He is using marathon running tactics , ” said Adolfo Urso , Italy ’s top trade official , referring to Lamy ’s passion for long - distance running .
Slideshow ( 14 images )
“ But we wo n’t tire .
We will be right there behind him .
What is important is that for the first time we are negotiating on industrial goods , ” Urso told reporters .
Without a breakthrough on farm and industrial goods by the August summer break , the round risks being put on hold possibly for a couple of years due to November ’s U.S. presidential election , the 2009 White House changeover and other factors .
The United States on Tuesday offered to cap trade - distorting farm subsidies at $ 15 billion , lower than the level in seven of the last 10 years and the existing $ 48.2 billion ceiling .
But the proposed limit is above the approximately $ 7 billion paid to U.S. farmers last year , an amount that was relatively small due to high commodity prices .
Developing countries complain that rich country subsidies squeeze their farmers out of the market , reducing local food production and leaving them vulnerable to food price spikes .
Edmodo is best described as Twitter for students and teachers .
In reality though , it 's basically a private micro-blogging service for schools with built - in security features that give teachers privacy controls over their virtual classrooms .
The Keys to the Classrom One of the nice features is that students do n't even need an email address to join the classroom .
All they need is the special sign - up code that the teacher generates when they create the environment .
If a student has already joined another class on Edmodo then they can just log in as usual with their new class assigned to their login .
Virtual School Supplies
This new micro-classroom provides social media tools for teachers and students , enabling them to share notes , links , and files in a modern way .
Teachers also have the ability to send alerts to students regarding events and assignments .
They will also have the option to post any item to a public time line if they so choose .
Also handy is a calendar that keeps everyone in the know about upcoming exams and other events and special occasions .
Final Exam
There seem to be Twitter - like environments sprouting up all over the place for different groups .
Yammer and Present.ly are duking it out for the enterprise and now we have Edmodo taking aim at our educational system .
Is this a good idea ?
I think most people will agree that it is .
However , as with any idea or new startup there will be a segment that will hate the idea .
Some of the concerns will be valid , though .
For example , the security features need to be rock solid .
Also , teachers need to be able to control and monitor this environment as easily as they can with their real classrooms .
Another thing that can become a very useful feature is the ability to communicate with students in the event of an emergency in real - time .
Some services such as MySchoolAlerts have begun to address the need for such a notification system for teachers and students .
If Edmodo can find ways to provide as many useful functions as possible for the classroom , then it'll just be a matter of time before we see this type of service in all schools .
Barack Obama ’s job approval rating has ranged from 44 % to 50 % in recent months .
Obama ’s job rating hit a two - year high of 56 % in May 2011 , in the days immediately after U.S. forces killed Osama bin Laden .
Read More
Beautiful sofa design , inspired by the infinity symbol [ or the number 8 ] , created by really talented french designer Emmanuel Laffon de Mazieres .
Also check out : 14 Stylish and Unique Sofas
TPM Reader EH …
I think I ’m the first one to say it : “ honorgate ” .
Presumably somebody will ask Obama about this today .
I hope his response is something like , “ look , I do n’t know how Senator McCain defines honor , but it ’s worth asking : is it honorable to characterize a bill to protect children from sexual predators as ‘ teaching sex -ed to kindergarteners ’?
Is it honorable to accuse your opponent of wanting to lose a war to win an election ?
Is it honorable to repeat the same lies day after day on the campaign trail , long after they have been proven false ? ”
Needless to say I ’ll be extremely unhappy if Obama does anything to distance himself from those comments or to come across as apologetic .
We ’re still talking about honor with this guy ?
Face it .
This guy is running the sleaziest presidential campaign of our lifetimes .
McCain and Palin are out their lying their heads off .
Liars have no honor .
Late Update : BL has an idea too …
I know responding to a scurrilous attack with a “ he did it to ” defense does n’t help knock down the original falsehood , but why is n’t someone bringing up McCain ’s past with women ?
The Chelsea Clinton – Janet Reno ugly joke ?
How about the gorilla rape joke ?
Leaving his crippled wife for a beauty queen ?
Dating exotic dancers – per Fred Thompson ?
This man not only has no honor .
He has no shame .
He ’s the prohibitionist who rails against the drink in public but gets wasted every night in private .
Normally it might not be appropriate for the press to dig into McCain ’s ugly past with women .
But when he ’s out there like a preening fraud tossing out phony charges of sexism they really have no choice .
Late Update : Let ’s remember , this is the same John S. McCain who had a good belly laugh with a supporter and called it a “ good question ” when the supporter called Hillary Clinton a “ bitch . ”
Brought to you by your Republican president , the guy who runs FEMA .
Yes , let ’s vote for John McCain and keep the same Republican bozos in office for another 8 years of ruin .
( Well , to be fair , it ’s possible that McCain , at 72 with 4 bouts of recent cancer , wo n’t survive 8 years in office .
But , I ’m sure Sarah Palin will do a heck of a job running FEMA . )
John Aravosis
Follow me on Twitter : @aravosis | @americablog | @americabloggay | Facebook | Instagram | Google + | LinkedIn . John Aravosis is the Executive Editor of AMERICAblog , which he founded in 2004 .
He has a joint law degree ( JD ) and masters in Foreign Service from Georgetown ; and has worked in the US Senate , World Bank , Children 's Defense Fund , the United Nations Development Programme , and as a stringer for the Economist .
He is a frequent TV pundit , having appeared on the O'Reilly Factor , Hardball , World News Tonight , Nightline , AM Joy & Reliable Sources , among others .
John lives in Washington , DC .
John 's article archive .
In Father ’s Day speech Obama says fathers need to have “ courage ” to raise their children .
Obama talks tough on ' AWOL ' fathers
Talking tough on Father ’s Day , Sen. Barack Obama ( D - Ill . ) challenged African - American men on Sunday to play more of a role in raising their children and warned them that “ responsibility does n’t just end at conception . ”
“ Too many fathers are MIA .
Too many fathers are AWOL , ” he told a huge African - American congregation in Chicago .
“ There ’s a hole in your heart if you do n’t have a male figure in the home that can guide you and lead you and set a good example for you . ”
Advertisement
“ What makes you a man is not the ability to have a child — any fool can have a child , ” he said , to applause .
“ That does n’t make you a father .
It ’s the courage to raise a child that makes you a father . ”
Obama drew laughs when he talked about gyrating portrayals of him in the media : “ That was when I was n't black enough .
Now I 'm too black . ”
Responding to cheers and applause , he added ruefully , “ Y'all remember . ”
Obama said parents can’t use lack of government resources as an “ excuse ” for not doing anything for their children : “ As fathers and as parents , we ’ve got to spend more time with them , and help them with their homework , and turn off the TV set once in a while , turn off the video game and the remote control and read a book to your child . "
The point about the remote is one Obama often makes on the campaign trail , always to big applause .
Obama met this week with evangelical ministers , and the speech could help him reach out to family - oriented conservatives who remain unenthusiastic about Sen. John McCain ( R - Ariz . ) .
Obama ’s fatherhood speech was delivered at Apostolic Church of God in Chicago , where the crowd overflowed from the 3,000 - seat sanctuary into the banquet hall .
Obama ’s wife , Michelle , and their daughters , Sasha and Malia , also attended .
The senator declared that even many two - parent families can do a better job of preparing their children : “ It ’s a wonderful thing if you are married and living in a home with your children , but do n’t just sit in the house and watch ‘ SportsCenter ’ all weekend long . ”
Obama began by saying that too many fathers are “ missing — missing from too many lives and too many homes , ” having “ abandoned their responsibilities , acting like boys instead of men . ”
“ You and I know how true this is in the African - American community , ” he said .
“ We know that more than half of all black children live in single - parent households , a number that has doubled — doubled — since we were children .
We know the statistics — that children who grow up without a father are five times more likely to live in poverty and commit crime , nine times more likely to drop out of schools and 20 times more likely to end up in prison .
They are more likely to have behavioral problems , or run away from home , or become teenage parents themselves .
And the foundations of our community are weaker because of it . ”
Reeling off a list of potential excuses , Obama acknowledged that cities also need more police , “ fewer guns in the hands of people who should n’t have them , ” more money for schools , better teachers , more after - school programs and more jobs and job training .
“ But we also need families to raise our children , ” he said .
“ We need fathers to realize that responsibility does n’t just end at conception . ”
Turning to his own life story , Obama said he knows “ what it means to have an absent father , although my circumstances were n’t as tough as they are for many young people today . ”
“ Even though my father left us when I was 2 years old , and I only knew him from the letters he wrote and the stories that my family told , I was luckier than most , ” he said .
“ I grew up in Hawaii , and had two wonderful grandparents from Kansas who poured everything they had into helping my mother raise my sister and me — who worked with her to teach us about love and respect and the obligations we have to one another .
…
So my own story is different in that way .
“ Still , I know the toll that being a single parent took on my mother — how she struggled at times to the pay bills ; to give us the things that other kids had ; to play all the roles that both parents are supposed to play .
And I know the toll it took on me .
So I resolved many years ago that it was my obligation to break the cycle — that if I could be anything in life , I would be a good father to my girls ; that if I could give them anything , I would give them that rock — that foundation — on which to build their lives .
And that would be the greatest gift I could offer . ”
Speaking as “ an imperfect father , ” Obama spoke of three lessons “ we must strive to live and learn as fathers — whether we are black or white ; rich or poor ; from the South Side or the wealthiest suburb ” :
* “ The first is setting an example of excellence for our children — because if we want to set high expectations for them , we ’ve got to set high expectations for ourselves .
It ’s great if you have a job ; it ’s even better if you have a college degree . ”
* “ The second thing we need to do as fathers is pass along the value of empathy to our children .
Not sympathy , but empathy — the ability to stand in somebody else ’s shoes ; to look at the world through their eyes . ”
* “ [ T ] he final lesson we must learn as fathers is also the greatest gift we can pass on to our children — and that is the gift of hope .
I ’m not talking about an idle hope that ’s little more than blind optimism or willful ignorance of the problems we face .
I ’m talking about hope as that spirit inside us that insists , despite all evidence to the contrary , that something better is waiting for us if we ’re willing to work for it and fight for it .
If we are willing to believe . ”
Obama said that Washington also has a responsibility .
“ Because if fathers are doing their part , if they ’re taking our responsibilities seriously to be there for their children , and set high expectations for them , and instill in them a sense of excellence and empathy , then our government should meet them halfway , ” he said .
Obama acknowledged that this kind of change is a big undertaking , but said : “ Life does n’t count for much unless you ’re willing to do your small part to leave our children — all of our children — a better world .
Even if it ’s difficult .
Even if the work seems great .
Even if we do n’t get very far in our lifetime .
“ We try .
We hope , ” he concluded .
“ We do what we can to build our house upon the sturdiest rock .
And when the winds come , and the rains fall , and they beat upon that house , we keep faith that our Father will be there to guide us , and watch over us , and protect us , and lead His children through the darkest of storms into light of a better day .
That is my prayer for all of us on this Father ’s Day , and that is my hope for this country in the years ahead .
May God bless you and your children .
Thank you . ”
Airport customs officials in south - western China have seized 300 Bibles from four Americans , saying it was illegal to bring the books into the country , a US missionary among them said .
Pat Klein , who runs a group called Vision Beyond Borders , said customs officials confiscated the Chinese - language Bibles after the group flew into Kunming from Thailand .
The officials were not immediately available for comment and a police official in Kunming said he was not able to confirm the seizure .
Mr Klein , a 46 - year - old from Wyoming , said he has brought more than 10,000 Bibles into China over the past 20 years but has never had books seized before .
" We 've not done anything wrong , " he said by telephone from Kunming .
" We 're not trying overthrow the government or disrupt the Olympics . "
The group of four Americans , which included a 15 - year - old boy and his 78 - year - old grandfather , were refusing to leave the airport on Sunday night without the books .
Officials told them they could have the Bibles back when the left the country and in the meantime they could take one each with them , Mr Klein said .
" If China 's going to say they have freedom of religion , why take our Bibles ? " he said .
China 's Marxist constitution provides for freedom of religion but in practice the ruling Communist Party restricts independent worship by forcing groups to register .
The Government says China has 15 million Protestants and five million Catholics in official churches .
There are believed to be millions more - including an estimated 10 million Catholics - in " underground " or " family " churches , which refuse to submit to Government regulation .
US President George W Bush attended a church service in Beijing on an Olympic visit to China last week , during which he repeatedly called on China to allow more religious freedom .
- AFP
It probably was only a matter of time before Democratic presidential nominee Barack Obama , whose campaign has displayed its tech savvy through tactics such as aggressive online fundraising , use of social networking and texting the news of his running mate selection , hit Republican rival John McCain for his admitted technological difficulties .
Today , the Obama campaign wielded McCain 's past comments -- that he does n't send e-mail and is computer " illiterate " -- like a blunt instrument .
A biting new TV ad ( pictured above ) uses those examples to brand the 72 - year - old Arizona senator as out of touch with today 's world .
Entitled " Still , " the ad starts with the word " 1982 " -- the year McCain was elected to Congress -- over an image of a disco ball .
As music reminiscent of early TV commercials plays , more out - of - date images flash by : a woman using a brick - size cellphone , a record player , an early personal computer and a Rubik 's Cube .
" Things have changed in the last 26 years , but McCain has n't , " the announcer says .
" He admits he still does n't know how to use a computer , ca n't send an e-mail , still does n't understand the economy and favors $ 200 billion in new tax cuts for corporations , but almost nothing for the middle class . "
It then shows a picture of McCain and George Bush and says , " After one president who was out of touch , we just can't afford more of the same . "
Hitting an opponent on economic issues is standard political strategy .
But going after a candidate for his skill with computers and e-mail ...
The Honorable Francis B. Schultz , J.S.C. recently held that the New Jersey Prevention of Domestic Violence Act ( hereinafter “ DVA ” ) is unconstitutional in that it violates New Jersey ’s constitutional article on separation of powers and utilizes the preponderance of the evidence standard of proof .
In his letter opinion , the Judge disagreed with the Defendant ’s other attacks on the constitutionality of the statute , including arguments regarding the statute ’s alleged violation of the Defendant ’s First Amendment right to free speech and Second Amendment right to bear arms , as well as other jurisdictional attacks .
With regard to the Defendant ’s separation of powers argument that the DVA is unconstitutional based upon the statute ’s prescription of procedural aspects constitutionally reserved to the Court , the Judge noted that the procedures established by the DVA directly conflict with established Court Rules and specifically held that “ the entirety of N.J.S.A .
2C:25 -29A , especially the ‘ within ten days ’ requirement for the setting of the final hearing , contains what are unambiguously rules for practice and procedure . ”
As to the standard of proof issue , the Judge held the DVA unconstitutional utilizing the balancing test promulgated by the United States Supreme Court in Matthews v. Eldridge , 424 U.S. 319 ( 1976 ) .
Based on the implication of a Defendant ’s fundamental right as a parent to be with his or her child , the Judge found that the due process clause of the Fourteenth Amendment and the New Jersey Supreme Court case of I n re Polk “ require that a clear and convincing standard be utilized in domestic violence matters . ”
Interestingly , while the Court found that a new hearing was required , the Judge did not order that the Judge who will conduct the hearing to apply the clear and convincing standard , holding only that the Matthews ’ balancing test should be utilized in determining the standard of proof to be applied .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Holy shit .
Here we go .
Sure , we know about the obvious examples , they 're written across the history books in blood and bullet holes .
Racism , genocide , horrifying caricatures on propaganda posters .
But
They have figured out that the same technique that works so well for getting people whipped into a murderous apocalyptic frenzy , can be used sell you cars , or hamburgers , or computers .
Sounds like :
" The heart of America ai n't in Hollywood !
It 's right here in [ insert name of small town ] ! "
" You can listen to what I have to say , or bury you head in the sand with the rest of the sheeple ! "
" You have a Nintendo Wii ?
Are you a toddler or just a retard ? "
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Why It Works :
Basically , we 're hard - wired by evolution to form tribes .
The more stress we feel , the more we feel love and attachment to those who look and sound the same as us , and the more we feel hatred to those who do n't .
It 's just an old survival mechanism , since the ancient guys who did n't show that kind of blind loyalty were killed off by the fierce tribes formed by the ones who did .
So today we get that petty dehumanization of everybody outside of our group ( " hippies , " " rednecks , " " fundies , " " geeks , " " douchebags , " " libs " , " cons , " " fags , " " breeders , " " infidels , " " towel - heads , " " honkies , " " darkies , " " players " , " haters " ) .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
WEST SIDE SUCKA
They can play on those old , primal urges for even the most retarded of results , such as fierce brand loyalty ( the PS3 vs. 360 vs.
Wii flame wars will make you claw your eyes out ) .
But to really make this one work ,
They can't just define your group , but have to define your group as the elite group , a shining beacon in a world full of weak - minded walking turds .
The items on this list work best in combination , and you 'll see in that the element of mockery and insulation from opposing viewpoints we talked about earlier ( why listen to the viewpoints of those lesser sheeple ? ) .
Often this is combined with siege terminology ( " The whole country has gone to hell , but we 've got to stand up for common sense , folks !
It 's us against the world ! " )
Politico's Kenneth P. Vogel reports :
NEW YORK , N.Y . – Sarah Palin schmoozed with controversial media tycoon Rupert Murdoch at a swanky charity gala here Wednesday night .
Murdoch , whose New York tabloid this month editorialized about Palin being “ charming , but rock - solid , ” seemed quite chummy with the Republican vice presidential candidate after the two emerged together from a swanky charity gala , according to a pool report sent to the press covering Palin .
“ He gave her a pat on the back … and said to her , ‘ Thank you very much ’ ” as she slid into the back of a waiting SUV wearing “ a radiant smile , ” the report said .
The dinner , held at a midtown Asian restaurant where guests are greeted by a reflecting pool stocked with Japanese carp and an enormous floating Buddha statue , was hosted by Murdoch ’s wife Wendi Murdoch , as well as Jordan 's Queen Rania and British Prime Minister Gordon Brown ’s wife Sarah Brown .
It was to benefit a United Nations - linked initiative seeking to reduce maternal mortality worldwide .
Rupert Murdoch – who is involved in former President Bill Clinton ’s worldwide efforts to combat climate change , poverty and corruption – is known for his conservative positions , but has cultivated ties to U.S. politicians of both parties .
He owns right - leaning media outlets like Fox News and The New York Post , the latter of which surprised some observers this month by endorsing the McCain - Palin ticket over Democrats Barack Obama and Joe Biden .
That 's because Murdoch had publicly spoke favorably of Obama , even dubbing him a " rock star . "
Not only was The Post ’s endorsement early , but Murdoch had admitted he " played a role " in the Post ’s endorsement during the Democratic primary of Barack Obama over Hillary Clinton , for whom he had hosted a fundraiser .
Last week , Murdoch talked about the editorial to Neil Cavuto , and described Obama 's economic policies as " naive . "
In addition to calling Palin “ charming ” and “ rock - solid , ” The Post ’s general election endorsement of McCain - Palin praised her as and said her selection as underscoring McCain ’s Washington - outsider status .
“ Neither plays well with others , ” the editorial said .
UPDATE : Tammy Haddad was on hand and has more .
comments closed
permalink
While people around the world begin to celebrate George W. Bush 's January 20 , 2009 departure from the White House , senior administration officials are crafting legislation , rule changes and executive orders that will make permanent the worst excesses of this criminal regime .
And in an election year , you can count on a Democratic - controlled Congress to continue abdicating their role as a brake on the executive branch , ever - fearful that far - right attack dogs and their media accomplices will label them " soft on terror . "
In this light , a recent piece in The New York Times outlines the corporatist trajectory that will cement in place the " friendly fascism " of the Bush administration , inaugurated by the Republican party on December 12 , 2000 when the U.S. Supreme Court handed a stolen election to the Bush - Cheney cabal .
As Associate Court Justice John Paul Stevens wrote in his bitter dissent to the Bush v. Gore ruling : " Although we may never know with complete certainty the identity of the winner of this year 's Presidential election , the identity of the loser is perfectly clear .
It is the Nation 's confidence in the judge as an impartial guardian of the rule of law . "
Ponder those words and then consider all that has followed since that infamous ruling eight long years ago undermined the rule of law and democratic processes in the United States -- and the capitulatory cowardice of the putative " opposition " party , the Democrats , who sealed the deal .
Eric Lichtblau reports that as the November 4 general election approaches , " Tucked deep into a recent proposal from the Bush administration is a provision that has received almost no public attention , yet in many ways captures one of President Bush 's defining legacies : an affirmation that the United States is still at war with Al Qaeda . "
Seven years after the September 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks by the Afghan - Arab database of disposable Western intelligence assets known as al - Qaeda , Bush advisers are demanding that Congress " acknowledge again and explicitly that this nation remains engaged in an armed conflict with Al Qaeda , the Taliban , and associated organizations , who have already proclaimed themselves at war with us and who are dedicated to the slaughter of Americans . "
That al - Qaeda attacks Western targets and visits outrages upon innocent civilians does not mean it is not also a blunt - edged weapon selectively deployed by imperialism to stoke ethnic and religious tensions in areas deemed vital to U.S. geostrategic interests .
As investigative journalist Robert Dreyfuss has documented ,
Sixty years earlier , when the United States began its odyssey in the Middle East , there were other voices who wanted conservative Islam , and early fundamentalist groups associated with the nascent Islamic right , to do battle with the secular left , with Nasser , with Arab communists and socialists .
Now , six decades later , the Bush administration is pursuing a strategy in the Middle East that seems calculated to boost the fortunes of the Islamic right .
The United States is counting on Shiite fundamentalists in Iraq to save its failed policy in that country , and a major theoretician of that campaign explicitly calls for the United States to cast its lot in with the ayatollahs and the Muslim Brotherhood .
( Devil 's Game : How the United States Helped Unleash Fundamentalist Islam , New York : Metropolitan Books , 2005 , p. 342 ) Long after the Bush administration has sailed off into the proverbial sunset , policies launched across the decades by successive Democratic and Republican governments will continue along the same imperial trajectory : war and covert operations as the preferred instruments for capitalist resource extraction and global domination .
Al - Qaeda : Asset and Adversary
One need only review the role played by al - Qaeda in the Balkans during the 1990s when the United States and their NATO allies , particularly Germany and the United Kingdom , provided entrée to demobilized Afghan - Arab mujahedin fighters as the West dismembered the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia , culminating in 1999 with NATO 's murderous 78 - day bombing campaign of Serbia to " liberate " Kosovo .
Earlier in the decade , thousands of Islamist fighters flooded Bosnia - Herzegovina , directly recruited by former Waffen SS Handzar Division foot soldier and Islamist ideologue , Alia Izetbegovic , the President of Bosnia and darling of liberal interventionists such as Bernard - Henri Lévy .
In calling for Western intervention , Lévy shamelessly described Izetbegovic 's neofascist statelet as an exemplar of " modern , secular Islam " !
Quite naturally , Izetbegovic 's Nazi past was covered - up by Western interventionists intent on smashing multiethnic Yugoslavia into smithereens .
Indeed , intelligence analyst and senior lecturer at the University of Amsterdam , Cees Wiebes , documents in Intelligence and the War in Bosnia 1992 - 1995 , how Western intelligence agencies , including the CIA , MI6 and BND assisted major arms transshipments into Bosnia despite a UN arms embargo , often in concert with the reactionary Iranian regime .
Some estimates claim that by 1994 , as many as 4,000 mujahedin fighters were present in Bosnia .
Indeed , none other than Osama bin Laden himself visited Izetbegovic in Sarajevo .
As a gesture of appreciation for his support , Izetbegovic gave bin Laden a Bosnian passport .
And , a November 1 , 2001 account in the European edition of The Wall Street Journal claimed that bin Laden continued to visit the Balkan region as late as 1996 .
By 1995 as Wiebes documented , American Hercules C-130 transport planes accompanied by jet fighters began landing at the Tuzla Air Base in eastern Bosnia laden with arms , ammunition and communications equipment destined for Izetbegovic 's Islamist brigades .
Similar arms pipelines were opened between Albania , Bosnia , Croatia and later in the decade Kosovo , where Albanian narcotrafficking networks rule the roost and continue to wreck havoc across the region .
As I documented in " Welcome to Kosovo !
The World 's Newest Narco State , " beginning in 1998 and perhaps earlier , the London - based cleric Omar Bakri Mohammed , the " emir " of the al - Qaeda - linked al - Muhajiroun began a recruitment drive for aspiring mujahedin for the " holy war " in Kosovo at London 's notorious Finsbury Park Mosque .
In 2005 , in the wake of the July 7 , 2005 terrorist attacks in London , it was revealed that Bakri , a probable MI6 asset and simultaneously an al - Qaeda operative , was the " spiritual " force behind the deadly attacks that claimed 52 lives and wounded hundreds of others .
Nafeez Mosaddeq
Ahmed reported that ,
The reluctance to take decisive action against the leadership of the extremist network in the UK has a long history .
According to John Loftus , a former Justice Department prosecutor , Omar Bakri and Abu Hamza , as well as the suspected mastermind of the London bombings Haroon Aswat , were all recruited by MI6 in the mid-1990s to draft up British Muslims to fight in Kosovo .
American and French security sources corroborate the revelation .
The MI6 connection raises questions about Bakri 's relationship with British authorities today .
Exiled to Lebanon and outside British jurisdiction , he is effectively immune to prosecution .
( " Sources : August terror plot is a ' fiction ' underscoring police failures , " The Raw Story , Monday , September 18 , 2006 ) During NATO 's Kosovo aggression , analyst Michel Chossudovsky wrote ,
Mercenaries financed by Saudi Arabia and Kuwait had been fighting in Bosnia .
And the Bosnian pattern was replicated in Kosovo : Mujahadeen mercenaries from various Islamic countries are reported to be fighting alongside the KLA in Kosovo .
German , Turkish and Afghan instructors were reported to be training the KLA in guerrilla and diversion tactics .
...
According to a Deutsche Press - Agentur report , financial support from Islamic countries to the KLA had been channelled through the former Albanian chief of the National Information Service ( NIS ) , Bashkim Gazidede .
" Gazidede , reportedly a devout Moslem who fled Albania in March of last year [ 1997 ] , is presently [ 1998 ] being investigated for his contacts with Islamic terrorist organizations . "
( " Kosovo ' freedom fighters ' financed by organised crime , " World Socialist Web Site , 10 April 1999 )
As I documented , the Kosovo Liberation Army 's links to both narcotrafficking networks and al - Qaeda was a defining feature of Western intervention in the former Yugoslavia .
Indeed , Hashim Thaci's KLA served as the militarized vanguard for the Albanian mafia whose " 15 Families " control virtually every facet of the Balkan heroin trade .
Thaci is currently Kosovo 's Prime Minister .
Kosovar traffickers ship heroin originating exclusively from Asia 's Golden Crescent .
At one end lies Afghanistan where poppy is harvested for transshipment through Iran and Turkey ; as morphine base it is then refined into " product " for worldwide consumption .
From there it passes into the hands of the Albanian syndicates who control the Balkan Route .
U.S. destabilization programs and covert operations rely on far - right provocateurs and drug lords ( often interchangeable players ) to facilitate the dirty work .
Throughout its Balkan operations the CIA made liberal use of these preexisting narcotics networks to arm the KLA and provide them with targets .
Today , similar features are visible for all the world to see as the U.S. warlord state in Afghanistan battles the Taliban and al - Qaeda for control of the lucrative opium growing and processing regions of that destroyed nation .
As a sometime Western intelligence asset , al - Qaeda is not simply a puppet of the United States and NATO as some believe .
Such simplifications mask a harder and crueler reality .
In the opinion of this writer , the 9/11 cover - up , rather than burying the Bush administration 's alleged orchestration of the attacks ( the " inside job " thesis ) , concealed something far more sinister : U.S. imperialism 's decades - long collaboration with Islamist extremists to achieve geopolitical advantage over their capitalist rivals .
As with neo -Nazi networks that were reconstituted by the West for war against their domestic leftist adversaries during the Cold War , al - Qaeda and related terror organizations will , at times , share limited tactical goals with the West , such as the destruction of secular , leftist opponents in the Middle East , or as a force for destabilization operations in target countries such as Iran , as investigative journalist Seymour Hersh has reported in The New Yorker .
That al - Qaeda has reconstituted its military - political - mafia structures along the Afghanistan - Pakistan borderlands and continues to attack targets across the region at will , is testament to the resilience of the organization and the appeal of its reactionary ideology .
There is a deadly irony here , since its murderous " tradecraft " was quite literally bequeathed to it by Western intelligence services and America 's preeminent regional allies , Pakistan and Saudi Arabia .
The Bush Legacy
As far - right Republican party hordes gather in Minneapolis / St .
Paul for the coronation of their presidential candidates , reactionary Senator John McCain ( R - AZ ) and Alaska 's Christian fundamentalist governor , Sarah Palin , the Bush regime 's strategy of preemptive war is viciously playing out on the home front .
Salon 's Glenn Greenwald reports ,
Protesters here in Minneapolis have been targeted by a series of highly intimidating , sweeping police raids across the city , involving teams of 25 - 30 officers in riot gear , with semi-automatic weapons drawn , entering homes of those suspected of planning protests , handcuffing and forcing them to lay on the floor , while law enforcement officers searched the homes , seizing computers , journals , and political pamphlets .
Last night , members of the St. Paul police department and the Ramsey County sheriff 's department handcuffed , photographed and detained dozens of people meeting at a public venue to plan a demonstration , charging them with no crime other than " fire code violations , " and early this morning , the Sheriff 's department sent teams of officers into at least four Minneapolis area homes where suspected protesters were staying .
( " Massive Police Raids on Suspected Protesters in Minneapolis , " Salon , August 30 , 2008 )
The raids were orchestrated by local law enforcement agencies with major assistance from various federal spy outfits such as the FBI , NSA and the Pentagon 's own Northern Command ( NORTHCOM ) .
The raids are purely an intimidation tactic designed to squelch peaceful dissent by citizens outraged by Bushist policies throughout these long years of darkness .
Indeed , the Minneapolis Star Tribune reported that police and federal agencies utilized the " services " of informants and provocateurs in their targeting of the anarchist RNC Welcoming Committee .
Aided by informants planted in protest groups , authorities raided at least six buildings across St. Paul and Minneapolis to stop an " anarchist " plan to disrupt this week 's Republican National Convention .
From Friday night through Saturday afternoon , officers surrounded houses , broke down doors , handcuffed scores of people and confiscated suspected tools of civil disobedience .
The show of force was led by the Ramsey County Sheriff 's Office in collaboration with the FBI , Minneapolis and St. Paul police , the Hennepin County Sheriff 's Office and other agencies .
( Heron Marquez Estrada , Bill McAuliffe and Abby Simons , " Police Raids Enrage Activists , Alarm Others , " Minneapolis Star Tribune , August 31 , 2008 ) The " preemptive " raids targeted activists , alternative media and lawyers on - scene .
All were handcuffed and forced to lie face - down , while SWAT teams and federal agents ransacked numerous homes in a quixotic hunt for " weapons . "
Greenwald avers , " Targeting people with automatic - weapons - carrying SWAT teams and mass raids in their homes , who are suspected of nothing more than planning dissident political protests at a political convention and who have engaged in no illegal activity whatsoever , is about as redolent of the worst tactics of a police state as can be imagined . "
After nearly eight years of massive surveillance and infiltration operations by the federal government across a multitude of federal agencies , often acting in cahoots with reenergized local " red squads " rebranded as Fusion Centers and Joint Terrorism Task Forces coordinated through the Office of National Intelligence , the mutant stepchildren of the FBI 's COINTELPRO , the CIA 's Operation CHAOS and the NSA 's Project SHAMROCK have brought the " war on terror " home in a big way .
The Minneapolis City Pages reported back in May , that police and the FBI 's Joint Terrorism Task Force were " soliciting " informants to keep tabs on local protest groups .
According to journalist Matt Snyders 's account , FBI Special Agent Maureen A. Mazzola , flanked by a cop , attempted to recruit a University of Minnesota sophomore as a paid " confidential informant . "
While the student declined the feds ' " generous offer , " the wider issue of recruiting Stasi - like moles to report " suspicious activities " by citizens exercising their constitutionally - guaranteed right to say " NO ! " cuts to the heart of the role of dissent in a democracy .
Outraged by the " preemptive policing " on display in Minneapolis , Glenn Greenwald comments on the virtual blackout by the corporate media , all - too - willing to criticize the actions of repressive government 's thousands of miles away while silently acquiescing to the police state in full - bloom here at home .
So here we have a massive assault led by Federal Government law enforcement agencies on left - wing dissidents and protesters who have committed no acts of violence or illegality whatsoever , preceded by months - long espionage efforts to track what they do .
And as extraordinary as that conduct is , more extraordinary is the fact that they have received virtually no attention from the national media and little outcry from anyone .
And it 's not difficult to see why .
As the recent " overhaul " of the 30 - year - old FISA law illustrated -- preceded by the endless expansion of surveillance state powers , justified first by the War on Drugs and then the War on Terror - - we 've essentially decided that we want our Government to spy on us without limits .
There is literally no police power that the state can exercise that will cause much protest from the political and media class and , therefore , from the citizenry .
( " Federal Government Involved in Raid on Protesters , " Salon , August 31 , 2008 ) As The New York Times reported , Bushist demands on Congress to " affirm " that the U.S. is at " war " with international terrorism , " carries significant legal and public policy implications for Mr. Bush , and potentially his successor , to claim the imprimatur of Congress to use the tools of war , including detention , interrogation and surveillance , against the enemy , " which as we see on a daily basis , is a war on our freedom to exist as individuals rather than as " soldiers " in an imperialist charade .
The Bushist proposal will provide the legal framework to assert broad executive power " during a time of war , " an interpretation of the commander in chief 's presumed wartime powers that Justice Department lawyers secretly used to gin-up the illegal detention and torture of alleged terrorist suspects and the NSA 's driftnet surveillance of Americans outside the rule of law .
As readers no doubt recall , the September 14 , 2001 congressional resolution known as the " Authorization for Use of Military Force , " still in effect , became the pseudo - legal justification for the worst excesses of the Bush regime .
But as former Reagan Justice Department official Bruce Fein told the Times , Congress should not " give the administration the wartime language it seeks . "
" I do not believe that we are in a state of war whatsoever , " Mr. Fein said .
" We have an odious opponent that the criminal justice system is able to identify and indict and convict .
They 're not a goliath .
Do n't treat them that way . "
The same can be said for the war criminals occupying high - office in the Bush administration and Congress .
I disagree with Mr. Fein on one salient point : we are indeed " in a state of war . "
However , it is a one - sided class war waged by a monstrous system of profit based on the exploitation of our living labor and ecocidal resource extraction by mafia - like associations known as multinational corporations .
Tom Burghardt is a researcher and activist based in the San Francisco Bay Area .
In addition to publishing in Covert Action Quarterly , Love & Rage and Antifa Forum , he is the editor of Police State America : U.S. Military " Civil Disturbance " Planning , distributed by AK Press .
General Magnet Information
We only sell Neodymium Magnets - they are currently the most powerful magnets available .
All our magnets are high grade Neodymium .
They are much , much stronger than
the more common Ceramic Magnets , ALNICO Magnets , or lower grade Chinese Neodymium magnets .
They are also more expensive .
Neodymium magnets are very powerful , much more powerful than magnets most people are familiar with
and need to be handled with proper care .
The magnetic fields from these magnets can affect each other from more than 12 inches away .
Please note that these magnets are fragile .
Even though they are coated with a tough protective nickel plating , do not allow them to snap together with their full force or they may chip , break , and possibly send small pieces of metal flying on impact .
Our magnets can easily bruise fingers and the larger ones can break finger bones and even crush hands as they attempt to connect together .
Always wear protective eyewear or safety goggles when handling the magnets .
Keep magnets away from any magnetic based storage devices such as desktop or laptop computers , hard drives , floppy disks , cassette tapes , VHS tapes , or credit cards .
A distance of at least 12 " should be kept between magnets and these items at all times .
Neodymium magnets are not suitable for small children to play with .
If small magnets are ingested , they can connect together in parts of the digestive system , blocking proper operation and cause death .
These magnets should only be handled under strict adult supervision .
Neodymium magnets will PERMANENTLY lose their magnetic properties if they are heated above 180° Fahrenheit ( 80° C ) .
All Neodymium magnets are not created equal !
You may find ' inexpensive ' Neodymium magnets for sale from time to time .
The phrase " buyer beware " certainly applies here .
Our magnets are at least 12,500 gauss or higher .
We always try and stock the most powerful magnet available for any particular size & shape .
There are plenty of inexpensive Neodymium magnets available ... but they have just a small fraction of the magnetic power that our magnets have .
Like always , you get what you pay for .
Please note - due to the expense involved in machining dies , etc. , we do not fabricate custom magnets .
Special ' SuperMagnet ' Information
In addition to our regular Neodymium magnets , we also sell SuperMagnets .
SuperMagnets are very large & powerful Neodymium magnets .
These magnet are custom fabricated to order and they are strong enough to break arm bones and crush hands in the blink of an eye .
The magnets listed as SuperMagnets can only be sold to adults and require an adult signature upon delivery .
They are potentially extremely dangerous .
NEVER ALLOW CHILDREN TO PLAY WITH OUR LARGE SUPERMAGNETS !
SuperMagnets can only be shipped by UPS ground - they cannot be shipped via air as it will interfere with the aircraft 's navigational equipment .
All SuperMagnets are packed in either small wooden boxes or with large blocks / panels of Styrofoam in double - wall cardboard boxes to minimize the external magnetic field .
ALL OUR MAGNETS ARE BRAND NEW & FACTORY FRESH
IMPORTANT NOTE : Magnets have a theoretical maximum pull listed for each one .
This should only be a rough guide between magnet choices and generally have little basis in actual use .
Blizzard 's team does n't care for the term " killer app , " used to describe a program or product — in this case , a certain MMO — that single - handedly shaped the market around its platform .
In fact , when we asked about World of Warcraft 's unshakable hold on the massively multiplayer biz , game director Jeffrey Kaplan was humble .
" I do n't believe that WoW is untouchable , " he said .
" I completely believe that a game could come out and be more successful than WoW .
I 'm hoping that we 're working on it right now .
" Designing and developing any MMO , Kaplan said , simply distills down to a series of choices .
" I think a lot of other companies have had great opportunities to do what WoW has done ... usually for whatever reason , they miss the mark . "
" I actually feel really bad , a lot of times , when new MMOs come out and do n't do really well , because I 'm not thinking of it from a business perspective .
I know what it 's like to be a developer on a team that you believe in on a game that you just love , and for some reason , you do n't get enough time , or someone makes a bad decision ... everybody 's making a lot of small choices , and when those go wrong , your game ends up not successful . "
Diablo III lead designer Jay Wilson believes that one can really focus on one MMO at a time , because of the time demand .
He said he played Age of Conan for a couple of months , played Lord of the Rings Online a lot , and still goes back to City of Heroes every now and then .
He thinks the key to MMO success is " not making choices based upon being different , but making choices based upon what 's good for your game . "
" If there was an MMO out there that had a tone different from WoW but was executed as well , I actually think there could be a huge audience for that .
When I get disappointed , it 's because I do n't see that level of execution . "
Another key factor for global success , said Blizzard 's associate PR manager Bob Colayco , is that it takes a lot of time to develop the infrastructure to support a global audience .
Players in any country around the world can receive service and support on WoW in their native language and the localizations are meticulous , he said , which contributes to the retention of a broad userbase .
But will Blizzard 's next project be the game that finally tops WoW 's global success ?
" I believe it can be , " Kaplan said .
" The same challenge is on us .
Are we going to make the right decisions ?
I do n't believe that just because we made WoW , we 're guaranteed on the next MMO that we make to have the same success . "
He also said that at launch , WoW was not what it is today — it 's taken the game a five to six - year development cycle , plus two years on Burning Crusade and a year and a half on Lich King .
Similarly , StarCraft 2 is renowned , he said , for its " perfect game balance " — but it did n't launch that way , the team recalled .
" I really believe you 're only as good as your last game .
I really think you gave to prove it every time , " said Kaplan .
And is the bar especially high for Blizzard ?
" Yeah , for sure . "
Said Wilson , " The only thing we get for free is faith that we 'll follow up on any problems .
Anything else , we have to earn . "
Advertisement
On this day in 1939 , World War II began as Nazi Germany invaded Poland .
Each Monday , this column turns a page in history to explore the discoveries , events and people that continue to affect the history being made today .
Aside from the Bible , few books over time have stirred up such controversy as one composed from the cell of a German prison .
It is a poorly - written mess , according to literary critics , but the ideas contained within Adolf Hitler 's 1925 tome " Mein Kampf " ( or My Struggle ) sadly would resonate well beyond the book 's quality of prose .
Mein Kampf was the manifesto from which all of Hitler 's atrocities stemmed , a tinderbox of a book that may have disappeared from the annals of history had the author not actually gone on to carry out the ideas presented in his tirade against all things non-German .
Because he did , however , the notorious book remains banned in some parts of the world , more than 80 years later , and has sparked ongoing debates about literary freedoms .
Hitler passes the time behind bars
Hitler rose through the ranks of Germany 's small but powerful National Socialist ( Nazi ) political party to become its bombastic leader in the early 1920s .
Believing that Germany 's central Weimar government had let the country be ridiculed by a series of post - World War I punishments handed down by the victorious Allies , the Nazis attempted a coup d'etat in 1923 .
The famous " Munich Beer Hall Putsch " failed and sent Hitler to jail for high treason .
While imprisoned , Hitler read piles of books on history and philosophy , consolidating his own set of beliefs all the while .
He did n't consider putting his political ideas down on paper , however , until his business manager suggested that an autobiography might be a fruitful way to pass the time in prison .
At the urging of his manager , Hitler 's original title for his work , " Four Years of Struggle Against Lies , Stupidity and Cowardice , " was also changed to the more marketable " My Struggle . "
Hitler did not , in fact , write the book himself , but dictated to his friend Rudolf Hess , who was imprisoned alongside him .
Part autobiography , part political manifesto , the patchwork pages of " Mein Kampf " were put to print in 1925 .
By that time , Hitler had already been released from prison upon growing pressure from members of the Nazi party .
A gift for the newly - married couple
Despite being repetitive , long - winded and difficult to read , " Mein Kampf " had become a popular read throughout Germany by the late 1920s , disseminating Hitler 's main theories to a large audience .
In " Mein Kampf , " the future chancellor of the Third Reich goes on at length about his youth and the early days of the Nazi Party , but it was his visions for a Germany of the future that resonated most with its readers .
Chief among his ideas was the absolute , innate superiority of the Germanic race , which Hitler called Aryan , over every group of people .
" Mein Kampf " singled out Jews as the source of many of Germany 's ills and a threat to Aryan dominance .
The Aryans had a duty to restore Germany 's former glory and enlarge its territory by winning back the land it had during World War I and gaining new area by expanding into Russia .
" Mein Kampf " gained enormous readership in the early 1930s and once Hitler gained power as Chancellor of Germany in 1933 , became the de facto Nazi bible .
Every newly married couple received a free copy on their wedding day , and every soldier had one included as part of his gear .
At the outset of World War II , the book had been translated into 11 languages and sold 5 million copies .
The debate goes on today
" Mein Kampf " was a clear - cut warning to the world of Hitler 's intentions for war and genocide , which may have been recognized and prevented had more people read it outside of Germany , some historians say .
Publishers in the United States and the U.K. did produce copies in English prior to the War , but were held up by copyright lawsuits by Hitler 's publishers .
Since the war , the book has remained a flashpoint of controversy , especially in Germany and the former Axis nations .
Worried over its use as propaganda by neo -Nazi groups , Germany and Austria have banned the possession and selling of " Mein Kampf " outright , while some countries restrict its possession to people using the book for academic purposes only .
Opponents of the ban argue that the book is a valuable historical document , and that keeping it unavailable only makes it more desirable to right - wing groups .
The debate over the book 's ban has flared up again in Germany in recent months , with some groups calling for an edition carefully annotated by academics to be produced before 2015 , when the book 's copyright officially expires in Germany and it will become available to anyone in the general public to own and reprint .
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Scientists have pinpointed a key brain chemical involved in dealing with the sudden loss or long - term separation of a partner , they said Wednesday .
A man holds a paper Chrysanthemum flower while he mourns during the three minutes of silence being observed on a square in Kunming , Yunnan province May 19 , 2008 for victims of the Sichuan earthquake .
REUTERS / China Daily
The finding in a type of rodent called a prairie vole could lead to potential treatments for people suffering severe depression - like symptoms after losing a partner , Oliver Bosch of the University of Regensburg in Germany and his colleagues said .
“ Here we have a change in the activity in a part of the brain linked to behaviors such as anxiety and depression , ” Bosch said in a telephone interview .
“ This could mimic what you find in humans after an unplanned separation or loss . ”
The team , which also included researchers from Emory University in Atlanta , studied prairie voles because , unlike 95 percent of all mammals , the furry creatures form long - lasting bonds with their mates .
Other studies have linked losing a partner to increased risk of depression and disease but Bosch and colleagues wanted to find a biological explanation for why this might be so .
In their study , they separated groups of voles from either their mates or siblings and left the remaining ones together to gauge the response of the animals .
The separated voles all showed higher anxiety levels but only ones that had lost a mate exhibited signs of depression , the researchers reported in the journal Neuropsychopharmacology .
Further tests demonstrated that a brain chemical known as “ corticotropin releasing factor , ” a neurotransmitter involved in the stress response , was elevated in all the voles which had bonded with a partner .
Voles given a compound which blocks the chemical from signaling in the brain showed no evidence of these symptoms , suggesting that drugs could do the same in people struggling to overcome the loss of somebody close , Bosch added .
“ It might be possible to potentially ease this bereavement and in the future use these blockers to treat patients that are really suffering from losing a partner , ” he said .
U.S. restaurants are moving warily into fall , hoping their slow recovery persists despite the new challenge of chilly weather and a pandemic that 's expected to claim even more lives .
New York opens indoor dining on Wednesday , restricting capacity to 25 % .
San Francisco may do the same as early as this week .
Chicago is raising its indoor capacity from 25 % to 40 % on Thursday , but says restaurants still ca n’t seat more than 50 people in one room .
It 's a dose of reality for an industry that was able to stem at least some of its losses by pivoting to outdoor dining this summer , setting up tables and chairs on sidewalks and parking lots and offering some semblance of normalcy .
But as temperatures start to slide in many parts of the country , restaurants will have to coax patrons to come back inside , and it 's anyone 's guess how many actually will .
That could spell trouble for an industry that has already lost nearly 100,000 U.S. restaurants — or 1 in 6 — since the start of the pandemic , according to the National Restaurant Association .
The future remains uncertain for thousands more .
“ We ’re all a little apprehensive , but that was the case when we started outdoor dining , too , ” said Samantha DiStefano , owner of Mama Fox , a restaurant and bar in Brooklyn .
Mama
Fox can only seat 18 people inside at 25 % capacity , so DiStefano will still rely heavily on her 14 outdoor tables .
She thinks many New York restaurants wo n’t open indoor dining until the limit reaches 50 % because they can't cover their costs at 25 % .
In the meantime , Mama Fox and others are trying to figure out how to extend the outdoor dining season using space heaters , tents , temporary igloos and even blankets .
Heat lamps are already in short supply .
Restaurants are also promoting delivery and carryout .
Nearly 70 % of 3,500 restaurants surveyed in September by the National Restaurant Association said they added curbside takeout during the pandemic ; 54 % added delivery .
Philip Moseley , co-owner of Blue Oak BBQ in New Orleans , said carryout demand has risen from 10 % of sales before the pandemic to 50 % now .
Blue Oak BBQ ’s dining room is open at half capacity , or about 20 people .
But a tent in the parking lot seats 80 .
That ’s enough traffic that the restaurant was able to hire back all 50 employees .
“ You do anything you have to do to make the food work , to make the experience work , to get butts in seats , " Moseley said .
Although fall in New Orleans is ideal for outdoor dining , tourists are scarce and the usual round of festivals wo n’t happen this year .
“ Every day has a new set of struggles , ” co-owner Ronnie Evans said .
Seventy percent of U.S. restaurants are independent , but chains are hurting too .
NPC International , the largest franchisee of both Pizza Hut and Wendy ’s , filed for bankruptcy protection in July .
Steve Nikolakakos closed one of his three Manhattan restaurants because his landlord would n’t give him a break on the rent .
Another , Gracie ’s Diner , closed for two months in March after two employees died of the coronavirus .
Even with outdoor seating , the diner is only making 65 % of what it did before the pandemic , he said .
Still , that ’s better than May , when he was doing only 30 % of his usual business .
“ This is the worst thing I have ever seen , ” said Nikolakakos , a 40 - year veteran of the industry .
Il Carino , a tiny Italian restaurant in Manhattan , is reopening its dining room with just 12 seats .
Outdoor seating has recaptured only about 30 % of the restaurant ’s business , and it has had to lay off 13 workers , said Giolio Alvarez , the restaurant ’s manager .
Alvarez said customers are asking for heat lamps , but the restaurant does n’t know if they ’re worth the extra money .
And increasing menu prices is off the table .
“ How are we going to increase prices ? ” he said .
“ Everyone is broke . ”
Monthly U.S. restaurant sales hit their lowest point in April , when they plunged to $ 30 billion , according to the U.S. Census Bureau .
That was less than half the amount restaurants made a year earlier .
Sales steadily improved as lockdowns ended , carryout demand picked up and states allowed to - go alcohol .
U.S. restaurant sales hit $ 55 billion in August , but that ’s still $ 10 billion less than last year .
Some waiters and kitchen staff have gone back to work .
Restaurant employment rose by 3.6 million people over the four months ending in August , according to government data .
Still , there were 2.5 million fewer U.S. restaurant workers in August compared to February .
September ’s unemployment numbers are due out Friday .
Mario Sandoval , an unemployed server from Las Vegas , appeared before a U.S.
House committee last week to urge lawmakers to restart monthly stimulus checks .
He also wants a guarantee that he can return to his job when his restaurant reopens .
“ I ’m worried about the economy crashing again , ” he said .
On Wednesday , some restaurant workers in Washington planned to strike , saying they ca n’t survive on subminimum wages and tips that are a fraction of what they used to be because of capacity limits .
The workers , backed by the group One Fair Wage , want lawmakers to guarantee minimum wages for restaurant workers .
But even if restaurants rehire staff , reopen dining rooms or shell out $ 1,000 for a fiberglass igloo , there ’s no guarantee customers will return .
Nancy Chapman used to eat out often , at restaurants near her College Grove , Tennessee , home and on the road when she traveled to horse shows .
But Chapman , 70 , who recently retired from her CPA and business management practice , said she is n’t going to restaurants until she is satisfied there is a better understanding of COVID - 19 and a clear path to its resolution .
Juliana Gonzalez , 31 , of Howard Beach , New York , is also trying to stay safe .
She limits her contacts to her parents and her boyfriend , and she has walked out of dining rooms in New Jersey when she felt they were too crowded .
But she ’s also ready for some normalcy , and she ’s eager for dining rooms to reopen in New York .
“ I feel that most restaurants are trying to stay open , so most of them are trying their best to be safe , ” Gonzalez said .
___
AP Writers Anne D'Innocenzio and Jim Mustian in New York and Paul Wiseman in Washington contributed to this report .
Transcript :
Barack Obama : I need someone with foreign policy cred ... ex-military , maybe ... someone more conservative , but who agrees with me on big issues like war ...
John McCain : I need someone to reach out to younger voters ... to my left but basically on the same page as me and my views on things like domestic spying .
Veepstakes .
Sen .
Ted Stevens indicted on seven counts .
Just to give you a little background on this story .
We keep our ears pretty close to the ground on Ted Stevens .
And while an eventual indictment was not at all unexpected , I feel pretty confident saying that this indictment coming down now was .
There was a pretty broad expectation that Stevens ’ son , former Alaska state senate president Ben Stevens , would be indicted first .
As you know we ’ve been on the Stevens story for some time .
And here ’s our archive of Stevens coverage going back now almost two years .
Here ’s our TPMtv episodes on the Stevens ’ case .
One thing that changed in the CTP release of F# is the names of various compiler options .
Below is a brief table that shows the old names and new names of many command - line flags .
Old flag New flag - i / – generate - interface - file –sig - doc –doc - Ooff –optimize - - O0 , 01 , etc –optimize – warn – warnaserror [ +|-] < int list > –all - warnings - as- errors – warnaserror – warn - as - error < int > – warnaserror < int > –utf8 - output –utf8 output –clr-root –cliroot – target - exe –target exe –target - winexe –target winexe –target - dll –target library –target - module –target module –static - link –staticlink – public - keyfile – keyfile < file > – delaysign –link - resource –linkresource –base - address – baseaddress – generate - debug - file / – no - debug - file –debug / –debug –pdbonly – generate - html –generatehtml –html - output - directory –htmloutputdir –html-css –htmlcss –html-namespace - file –htmlnamespacefile –html- namespace - file - append –htmlnamespacefileappend –no -framework –noframework –all - tailcalls –optimize –no - tailcalls –optimize - notailcalls
As with a number of other changes in the CTP , these changes were to make things more regular and consistent with other Visual Studio languages .
The compiler help itself also now displays in a format similar to that of the C# and VB compilers ( csc.exe and vbc.exe ) ; here ’s the output of " fsc.exe /? " :
Microsoft F# Compiler , ( c ) Microsoft Corporation , All Rights Reserved
F# Version 1.9.6.2 , compiling for .NET Framework Version v2.0.50727
– OUTPUT FILES –
– out < string >
Name of the output file ( Short form : - o )
–target exe < string >
Build an executable with a console
–target winexe < string >
Build an executable without a stdin / stdout / stderr
–target library < string >
Build a library ( Short form : - a )
–target module < string >
Build a module that can be added to another
assembly
– delaysign [+|-]
Delay - sign the assembly using only the public
portion of the strong name key
–doc < string >
Write the xmldoc of the assembly to the given
file .
–keyfile < string >
Specify a strong name key file
–platform < string >
Limit which platforms this code can run on :
x86 , Itanium , x64 or anycpu .
The default is
anycpu
–nooptimizationdata
Only include optimization information essential
for implementing inlined constructs .
Inhibits
cross -module inlining but improves binary
compatibility
–nointerfacedata
Do n’t add a resource to the generated assembly
containing F#-specific metadata
–sig < string >
Print the inferred interface of the assembly
to a file
– INPUT FILES –
–reference < string >
Reference an F # or .NET assembly ( Short form : - r )
– RESOURCES –
–win32res < string >
Specify a Win32 resource file ( .res )
–resource < string >
Embed the specified managed resource
–linkresource < string >
Link the specified resource to this assembly
where the resinfo format is
< file > [ , < string name > [ , public|private ] ]
– CODE GENERATION –
–debug [ +|-]
Emit debug information ( Short form : - g )
–debug < string >
Specify debugging type : full , pdbonly .
default ,
( ‘ full ’ is the default and enables attaching a
debugger to a running program )
–optimize [ +|-]
Enable optimizations ( Short form : -O )
–optimize [ +|-] < string list >
Control specific optimizations ( Short form : -O )
The following optimizations may be selectively
enabled or disabled : nojitoptimize ,
nojittracking , nolocaloptimize , nocrossoptimize ,
notailcalls
– ERRORS AND WARNINGS –
–warnaserror [+|-]
Report all warnings as errors
–warnaserror [+|-] < int list >
Report specific warnings as errors
–warn < int >
Set a warning level ( 0 - 4 )
–nowarn < string list >
Disable specific warning messages
– LANGUAGE –
–checked [ +|-]
Generate overflow checks
–define < string >
Define conditional compilation symbols ( Short
form : -d)
–mlcompatibility Ignore OCaml - compatibility warnings .
– HTML –
–generatehtml Generate HTML documentation
–htmloutputdir < string >
Output directory for HTML documentation
–htmlcss < string >
Set the name of the Cascading Style Sheet
–htmlnamespacefile < string >
Set the name of the master namespaces.
html
file assumed to be in the output directory
–htmlnamespacefileappend Append to the master namespace file when
generating HTML documentation
– MISCELLANEOUS –
–nologo
Do n’t show the splash text on startup
–help Display this usage message ( Short form : -?)
– ADVANCED –
– baseaddress < string >
Base address for the library to be built
–codepage < int >
Specify the codepage used to read source files
–utf8 output Output compiler messages in UTF - 8 encoding
–fullpaths Compiler generates fully qualified paths
–cliroot < string >
Use to override where the compiler looks for
mscorlib.dll and framework components
–cliversion < string >
Version of the framework to target ( for
example , 2.0 , 3.0 or 3.5 ) .
The default is 2.0
–noframework
Do not reference the .NET Framework assemblies
by default
–times Display timing profiles for compilation
–standalone Statically link the F# library and all
referenced DLLs that depend on it into the
assembly being generated .
–staticlink < string >
Statically link the given assembly and all
referenced DLLs that depend on this assembly .
Use an assembly name e.g. mylib , not a DLL name
–pdb < string >
Name the output debug file
–lib < string list >
Specify a directory for the include path ( Short
form : - I )
By the way , you might notice the version number is 1.9.6.2 – yesterday we released a minor update to the CTP with a few high priority fixes .
Thanks again to everyone who has given great feedback on the CTP release !
B. L. Beard / Infowars | July 25 , 2008
Reader Submission
The common reference to Romans 13 requiring us all to obey the government without question should be examined within the context of what Romans 13 says and means with regard to obedience to the conventions of man .
The 1599 Geneva Study Bible Romans 13
http://www.searchgodsword.org/com/gsb/view.cgi?book=ro&chapter=013
13:1 Let every soul be subject unto the higher powers .
For there is no power but of God : the powers that be are ordained of God .
(1) Now he distinctly shows what subjects owe to their magistrates , that is obedience : from which he shows that no man is free : and the obedience we owe is such that it is not only due to the highest magistrate himself , but also even to the lowest , who has any office under him .
(3) Another argument of great force : because God is author of this order : so that those who are rebels ought to know that they make war with God himself : and because of this they purchase for themselves great misery and calamity .
This first passage of Romans , taken alone , appears to give absolute authority to the government .
When examined along with the following passages it becomes clear that an un-Godly , unjust , oppressive government cannot exercise God ’s authority over man , because it does not merit that authority .
13:3 For rulers are not a terror to good works , but to the evil .
Wilt thou then not be afraid of the power ?
do that which is good , and thou shalt have praise of the same :
(4) The third argument , taken from the reason for which they were made , which is that they are to be most profitable : because God by this means preserves the good and bridles the wicked : by which words the magistrates themselves are put in mind of that duty which they owe to their subjects .
The government is thereby put on notice by God that they must serve the best interests of those in their charge .
13:4 For he is the minister of God to thee for good .
But if thou do that which is evil , be afraid ; for he beareth not the sword in vain : for he is minister of God , a revenger to [ execute ] wrath upon him that doeth evil .
(6) God has armed the magistrate even with an avenging sword .
( c) By whom God avenges the wicked .
John S. C. Abbott and Jacob Abbott Illustrated New Testament – 19th Century
http://www.searchgodsword.org/com/ain/view.cgi?book=ro&chapter=013
13:4 The minister of God ; the servant , or instrument , employed by God .
The duty of submission to the civil government , here urged in an absolute manner , is , of course , like all the other precepts of a similar character contained in the New Testament , to be understood with certain limitations and restrictions .
The principal exceptions commonly made to the rule here laid down in general terms , are two : –first , that the civil authorities may be resisted when they require of the subject what is morally wrong ; and , secondly , that , when their misgovernment and oppression become extreme and hopeless of reform , the community may depose them from their power .
Obviously , a government which perpetrates acts of evil upon those in their charge cannot be a minister of God , therefore agents of government who are perceived to commit acts of evil against the people should not be obeyed .
GSB 13:5
Wherefore [ ye ] must needs be subject , not only for wrath , but also for conscience sake .
(7) The conclusion : we must obey the magistrate , not only for fear of punishment , but much more because ( although the magistrate has no power over the conscience of man , yet seeing he is God ’s minister ) he can not be resisted by any good conscience .
(d) So far as we lawfully may : for if unlawful things are commanded to us , we must answer as Peter teaches us , “ It is better to obey God than men . ”
This is a clear example of choosing right over wrong and the commandments of God over any unlawful , unconscionable decrees of the conventions of man .
Obey the lawful orders of your government , and disobey the unlawful or immoral orders of that same government .
Do the right thing , whether it is adhering to the good order presented by the rules of a lawful , just society , or refusing to obey lawless authorities who tyrannize and oppress a society .
Do n’t allow an unjust , unconstitutional , lawless government to order you around in the name of God , for they are not entitled to that authority !
And do n’t allow such false assertions to go unchallenged when your ( ? ) government invokes Romans 13 to compel your submission to their decrees .
Speak up when you hear such false assertions , while you still may do so without threat of imminent death or injury as a result !
The 1599 Geneva Study Bible Ephesians 6
http://www.searchgodsword.org/com/gsb/view.cgi?book=eph&chapter=006&phrase=#phrase
6:13 Wherefore take unto you the whole armour of God , that ye may be able to withstand in the evil day , and having done all , to stand .
( 14 ) He shows that these enemies are put to flight only with the armour of God , that is , with the uprightness of conscience , a godly and holy life , knowledge of the Gospel , faith , and to be short , with the word of God .
And that daily earnest prayer must be made for the health of the Church , and especially for the steadfast faithfulness of the true , godly , and valiant ministers of the word .
A righteous man wears the Armour of God and can never be defeated in spirit .
Wear the armour of God in order to vanquish His enemies and those of all mankind .
WATCH ALEX JONES ’ ENDGAME ONLINE NOW in its entirety .
View more
High quality trailers at www.endgamethemovie.com
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Claim :
In the days when the “ rabbit test ” was used to determine if a woman was pregnant , the rabbit ’s death was an indicator of a positive result .
FALSE
Example : [ Collected on the Internet , 1999 ]
True story …
In the “ olden days ” they used to inject the urine of a woman into a rabbit .
If the rabbit died , the woman was definitely pregnant .
If the rabbit lived , she was not .
Origins : Nowadays a woman who wants to find out if she ’s pregnant need only make a quick trip to the local drug , grocery , or
convenience store ; purchase an over - the - counter home pregnancy test kit ; and perform a simple test ; and she ’ll know the results within a matter of minutes .
Not so long ago , however , it was n’t nearly so quick or easy : A woman who thought she might be with child had to schedule an appointment with her doctor , make a trip to his office , give a urine sample , go home , then spend an anxious couple of days waiting for the office to telephone with the test results .
In the movies and television , a positive result was usually revealed by having a character burst into a scene and announce dramatically , “ The rabbit died ! ” ( This phrase was either shouted excitedly or whispered in a hushed tone , depending upon whether or not a positive result was the one the woman desired . )
But why a rabbit ?
And why did it die if the woman was pregnant ?
The origins of the “ rabbit test ” lie with the discovery in the 1920s that a woman starts producing a hormone known as human chorionic gonadotropin ( hCG ) shortly after a fertilized
egg implants itself in the uterine wall .
( It was later discovered that the presence of hCG causes the placenta to produce progesterone after implantation , necessary to prevent rejection of the developing embryo . )
In 1927 , medical researchers found that not only is hCG present in the urine of pregnant women , but that female rabbits injected with urine containing hCG would , within a few days , display distinct ovarian changes .
Thus the “ rabbit test ” was born , and with it the misconception that the rabbit ’s death was an indicator of a positive result .
In those early tests , the rabbit always died , because the animal had to be killed so its ovaries could be removed and examined .
Later refinements to the test enabled clinicians to inspect the ovaries without having to kill the rabbits first , but as the example cited above demonstrates , the misconception that the test rabbit died only if the woman was pregnant is still with us today , even though the “ rabbit test ” itself is not .
Modern pregnancy tests are still based on measuring the amount of hCG present in urine , but they do so directly , without the need of an animal intermediary to serve as a test subject .
( Blood can also be tested for hCG , and a blood test is more accurate and can be performed earlier in a pregnancy .
However , urine tests are still used in home pregnancy kits because they ’re much easier to self - administer . )
Sightings :
In an episode of TV’s M*A* S* H ( “ What ’s Up , Doc ? ” , original air date 30 January 1978 ) , Hot Lips thinks she ’s pregnant , and the only available means of testing her requires the use of Radar ’s rabbit .
In the following video clip , Hawkeye explains to Radar how the rabbit test works :
Last updated : 5 June 2015
Sources :
Defense contractor Northrop Grumman is promising the Pentagon that it 'll have weapons - grade electric lasers by the end of 2008 .
Which means honest - to - goodness energy weapons might actually become a military reality , after decades of fruitless searching .
For the longest time , the military concentrated on developing chemical - powered lasers .
They produced massively powerful laser blasts .
But the noxious stuff needed to produce all that power makes the weapons all - but - impractical in a war zone .
So the Defense Department shifted gears , and poured money into solid - state , electric lasers instead .
Under its Joint High - Powered Solid State Laser ( JHPSSL ) project , these beams – once considered too weak to do soldiers much good – have made steady progress .
Now Northrop is promising to hit what 's widely considered to be the threshold for military - strength beams : 100 kilowatts .
With that much energy , lasers should be able to knock mortars and rockets out of the sky .
Northrop 's system combines a bunch of smaller lasers into a bigger one – Death Star - style , sorta .
In March , the company announced that it had completed the first of these eight " laser chains . "
Yesterday , the company said it had joined two of the chains together .
What 's more , the beam combo ran at peak power – 30 kW – " for more than five minutes continuously and more than 40 minutes total ; and achieved electrical - to - optical efficiency of greater than 19 percent . "
" We are completely confident we will meet the 100 kW of power level and associated beam quality and runtime requirements of the JHPSSL Phase 3 program by the end of December , 2008 , " Bob Bishop , a Northrop Grumman spokesman , tells Defense Daily .
And it 's not the only energy weapon project that 's making progress .
The Army just gave Boeing a $ 36 million contract to develop a laser - firing truck .
The company recently test - fired the real - life ray gun on its Advanced Tactical Laser – a gunship equipped with a chemical - powered blaster .
Raytheon has worked up a prototype of its Phalanx mortar - shooter that uses fiber lasers , instead of traditional ammo , to knock down targets .
Even the eternally delayed , chemically powered Airborne Laser – a modified 747 , designed to zap ballistic missiles – may finally get a long - awaited flight test .
[ Photo : Northrop Grumman ]
ALSO :
AAME ATLANTIC AMERICAN CORP
AANB ABIGAIL ADAMS NATL BANCORP INC
ABBC ABINGTON BANCORP INC PA
ABCB AMERIS BANCORP
ABCW ANCHOR BANCORP WISCONSIN INC
ABK AMBAC FINANCIAL GROUP INC
ABNJ AMERICAN BANCORP OF NJ INC
ABVA ALLIANCE BANKSHARES CORP
ACAP AMERICAN PHYSICIANS CAPITAL INC
ACBA AMERICAN COMMUNITY BNCSHRS INC
ACE ACE LTD
ACFC ATLANTIC COAST FED CORP
ACGL ARCH CAPITAL GROUP LTD NEW
ADVNA ADVANTA CORP
ADVNB ADVANTA CORP
AEG AEGON N V
AEL AMERICAN EQUITY INVT LIFE HLDG C
AET AETNA INC NEW
AF ASTORIA FINANCIAL CORP
AFFM AFFIRMATIVE INSURANCE HLDGS INC
AFG AMERICAN FINANCIAL GROUP INC NEW
AFL A F L A C INC
AGII ARGO GROUP INTL HLDGS LTD
AGO ASSURED GUARANTY LTD
AGP AMERIGROUP CORP
AGX ARGAN INC
AHD ATLAS PIPELINE HOLDINGS L P
AHL ASPEN INSURANCE HOLDINGS LTD
AIB ALLIED IRISH BANKS PLC
AIG AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP INC
AINV APOLLO INVESTMENT CORP
AIZ ASSURANT INC
ALL ALLSTATE CORP
ALLB ALLIANCE BANCORP INC PA
ALNC ALLIANCE FINANCIAL CORP NY
AMCP AMCOMP INC NEW
AMFI AMCORE FINANCIAL INC
AMG AFFILIATED MANAGERS GROUP INC
AMIC AMERICAN INDEPENDENCE CORP
AMNB AMERICAN NATIONAL BANKSHARES INC
AMP AMERIPRISE FINANCIAL INC
AMPH AMERICAN PHYSICIANS SVC GROUP
AMRB AMERICAN RIVER BANKSHARES
AMSF AMERISAFE INC
AMTD T D AMERITRADE HOLDING CORP
ANAT AMERICAN NATIONAL INS CO
ANNB ANNAPOLIS BANCORP INC
AOC AON CORP
APAB APPALACHIAN BANCSHARES INC
AROW ARROW FINANCIAL CORP
ASBI AMERIANA BANCORP
ASFI ASTA FUNDING INC
ASFN ATLANTIC SOUTHERN FINL GROUP INC
ASRV AMERISERV FINANCIAL INC
ATBC ATLANTIC BANCGROUP INC
ATLO AMES NATL CORP
AUBN AUBURN NATIONAL BANCORP
AWBC AMERICAN WEST BANCORPORATION
AWH ALLIED WORLD ASSUR CO HLDGS LTD
AXA A X A UAP
AXG ATLAS ACQUISITION HOLDINGS CORP
AXS AXIS CAPITAL HOLDINGS LTD
BAC BANK OF AMERICA CORP
BANF BANCFIRST CORP
BANR BANNER CORP
BARI BANCORP RHODE ISLAND INC
BAYN BAY NATIONAL CORP
BBNK BRIDGE CAPITAL HOLDINGS
BBT B B & T CORP
BBX BANKATLANTIC BANCORP INC
BCA CORPBANCA
BCAR BANK OF THE CAROLINAS CORP
BCBP B C B BANCORP INC
BCP BROOKE CAPITAL CORP
BCS BARCLAYS PLC
BCSB B C S B BANCORP INC
BDGE BRIDGE BANCORP INC
BEN FRANKLIN RESOURCES INC
BERK BERKSHIRE BANCORP INC DEL
BFF B F C FINANCIAL CORP
BFIN BANKFINACIAL CORP
BFNB BEACH FIRST NATL BANCSHARES INC
BHB BAR HARBOR BANKSHARES
BHBC BEVERLY HILLS BANCORP INC
BHLB BERKSHIRE HILLS BANCORP INC
BK BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON CORP
BKBK BRITTON & KOONTZ CAPITAL CORP
BKMU BANK MUTUAL CORP NEW
BKOR OAK RIDGE FINANCIAL SERVICES INC
BKSC BANK SOUTH CAROLINA CORP
BKUNA A BANKUNITED FINANCIAL CORP
BLX BANCO LATINOAMERICANO DE EXP SA
BMRC BANK OF MARIN BANCORP
BMTC BRYN MAWR BANK CORP
BNCL BENEFICIAL MUTUAL BANCORP INC
BNCN B N C BANCORP
BNS BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA
BNV BEVERLY NATIONAL CORP
BOCH BANK OF COMMERCE HOLDINGS
BOFI B OF I HOLDING INC
BOFL BANK OF FLORIDA CORP NAPLES
BOH BANK OF HAWAII CORP
BOKF B O K FINANCIAL CORP
BOMK BANK MCKENNEY VA
BOVA BANK OF VIRGINIA
BPFH BOSTON PRIVATE FINL HLDS INC
BPSG BROADPOINT SECURITIES GROUP INC
BRK BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC DEL
BRK BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC DEL
BRKL BROOKLINE BANCORP INC
BSRR SIERRA BANCORP
BTFG BANCTRUST FINANCIAL GROUP INC
BUSE FIRST BUSEY CORP
BWINA A BALDWIN & LYONS INC
BWINB B BALDWIN & LYONS INC
BX BLACKSTONE GROUP L P
BXS BANCORPSOUTH INC
BYFC BROADWAY FINANCIAL CORP DEL
C CITIGROUP INC
CAC CAMDEN NATIONAL CORP
CACB CASCADE BANCORP
CADE CADENCE FINANCIAL CORP
CAFI CAMCO FINANCIAL CORP
CAPB CAPITALSOUTH BANCORP
CAPE CAPE FEAR BANK CORP
CART CAROLINA TRUST BANK
CARV CARVER BANCORP INC
CASB CASCADE FINANCIAL CORP
CASH META FINANCIAL GROUP INC
CATY CATHAY GENERAL BANCORP
CB CHUBB CORP
CBAN COLONY BANKCORP INC
CBBO COLUMBIA BANCORP ORE
CBC CAPITOL BANCORP LTD
CBIN COMMUNITY BANK SHRS INDIANA INC
CBKN CAPITAL BANK CORP NEW
CBNK CHICOPEE BANCORP INC
CBON COMMUNITY BANCORP
CBU COMMUNITY BANK SYSTEM INC
CCBD COMMUNITY CENTRAL BANK CORP
CCBG CAPITAL CITY BANK GROUP
CCBP COMM BANCORP INC
CCFH C C F HOLDING COMPANY
CCNE C N B FINANCIAL CORP PA
CCOW CAPITAL CORP OF THE WEST
CEBK CENTRAL BANCORP INC
CFBK CENTRAL FEDERAL CORP
CFFC COMMUNITY FINANCIAL CORP
CFFI C & F FINANCIAL CORP
CFFN CAPITOL FEDERAL FINANCIAL
CFNL CARDINAL FINANCIAL CORP
CFR CULLEN FROST BANKERS INC
CHCO CITY HOLDING CO
CHEV CHEVIOT FINANCIAL CORP
CHFC CHEMICAL FINANCIAL CORP
CI C I G N A CORP
CIA CITIZENS INC
CINF CINCINNATI FINANCIAL CORP
CITZ C F S BANCORP INC
CIZN CITIZENS HOLDING CO
CJBK CENTRAL JERSEY BANCORP
CLBH CAROLINA BANK HOLDINGS INC
CLFC CENTER FINANCIAL CORP
CLMS CALAMOS ASSET MANAGEMENT INC
CMA COMERICA INC
CME C M E GROUP INC
CMFB COMMERCEFIRST
BANCORP INC
CMGI C M G I INC
CMSB C M S BANCORP INC
CNA C N A FINANCIAL CORP
CNAF COMMERCIAL NATIONAL FINL CORP
CNB COLONIAL BANCGROUP INC
CNBC CENTER BANCORP INC
CNBKA A CENTURY BANCORP INC
CNC CENTENE CORP DEL
CNLA COMMUNITY NATL BANK LAKEWAY AREA
CNO CONSECO INC
CNS COHEN & STEERS INC
COBH PENNSYLVANIA COMMERCE BANCORP IN
COBZ COBIZ FINANCIAL INC
COLB COLUMBIA BANKING SYSTEM INC
COOP COOPERATIVE BANCSHARES INC
CORS CORUS BANKSHARES INC
COWN COWEN GROUP INC
CPBC COMMUNITY PARTNERS BANCORP
CPBK COMMUNITY CAPITAL CORP
CPF CENTRAL PACIFIC FINANCIAL CORP
CPHL CASTLEPOINT HOLDINGS LTD
CRBC CITIZENS REPUBLIC BANCORP INC
CRFN CRESCENT FINANCIAL CORP
CRMH C R M HOLDINGS LTD
CRRB CARROLLTON BANCORP
CRVL CORVEL CORP
CSBC CITIZENS SOUTH BANKING CORP DEL
CSBK CLIFTON SAVINGS BANCORP INC
CSFL CENTERSTATE BANKS OF FLORIDA INC
CSHB COMMUNITY SHORES BANK CORP
CSNT CRESCENT BANKING CO
CTBC CONNECTICUT BANK & TRUST CO
CTBI COMMUNITY TRUST BANCORP INC
CTBK CITYBANK LYNNWOOD WASHINGTON
CTZN CITIZENS FIRST BANCORP INC
CVBF C V B FINANCIAL CORP
CVBK CENTRAL VIRGINIA BANKSHARES INC
CVCY CENTRAL VALLEY COMM BANCORP
CVH COVENTRY HEALTH CARE INC
CVLL COMMUNITY VALLEY BANCORP
CVLY CODORUS VALLEY BANCORP INC
CWBC COMMUNITY WEST BANCSHARES
CWBS COMMONWEALTH BANKSHARES INC
CWLZ COWLITZ BANCORPORATION
CZFC CITIZENS FIRST CORP
CZWI CITIZENS CMNTY BANCORP INC MD
DB DEUTSCHE BANK AG
DCOM DIME COMMUNITY BANCSHARES
DEAR DEARBORN BANCORP INC
DFG DELPHI FINANCIAL GROUP INC
DGICA A DONEGAL GROUP INC
DGICB B DONEGAL GROUP INC
DHIL DIAMOND HILL INVESTMENT GRP INC
DLLR DOLLAR FINANCIAL CORP
DR DARWIN PROFESSIONAL UNDERWRITERS
DSL DOWNEY FINANCIAL CORP
DUF DUFF & PHELPS CORP NEW
EBSB MERIDIAN INTERSTATE BANCORP INC
EBTX ENCORE BANCSHRES INC
ECBE E C B BANCORP INC
EGBN EAGLE BANCORP INC
EIHI EASTERN INSURANCE HOLDINGS INC
EII ENERGY INFRASTRUCTURE ACQUI CORP
EMCI E M C INSURANCE GROUP INC
EMITF ELBIT IMAGING LTD
ENH ENDURANCE SPECIALTY HOLDINGS LTD
ESBF E S B FINANCIAL CORP
ESBK ELMIRA SAVINGS BANK FSB NY
ESGR ENSTAR GROUP LTD
ETFC E TRADE FINANCIAL CORP
EV EATON VANCE CORP
EVBN EVANS BANCORP INC
EVBS EASTERN VIRGINIA BANKSHARES INC
EVR EVERCORE PARTNERS INC
EWBC EAST WEST BANCORP INC
FABK FIRST ADVANTAGE BANCORP
FAC FIRST ACCEPTANCE CORP
FAF FIRST AMERICAN CORP CALIF
FBC FLAGSTAR BANCORP INC
FBCM F B R CAPITAL MARKETS CORP
FBIZ FIRST BUSINESS FINL SVCS INC
FBMI FIRSTBANK CORP
FBMS FIRST BANCSHARES INC MS
FBNC FIRST BANCORP NC
FBP FIRST BANCORP P R
FBSI FIRST BANCSHARES INC MO
FBSS FAUQUIER BANKSHARES INC
FBTC FIRST BANCTRUST
FCAL FIRST CALIFORNIA FINL GROUP INC
FCAP FIRST CAPITAL INC
FCBC FIRST COMMUNITY BANCSHARES INC
FCCO FIRST COMMUNITY CORP SC
FCCY 1ST CONSTITUTION BANCORP
FCFL FIRST COMMUNITY BANK CORP AMER
FCNCA A FIRST CITIZENS BANCSHARES INC NC
FCVA FIRST CAPITAL BANCORP INC VA
FCZA FIRST CITIZENS BANC CORP
FDEF FIRST DEFIANCE FINANCIAL CORP
FDT FEDERAL TRUST CORP
FED FIRSTFED FINANCIAL CORP
FFBC FIRST FINANCIAL BANCORP OHIO
FFBH FIRST FEDERAL BANCSHARES ARK INC
FFCH FIRST FINANCIAL HOLDINGS INC
FFCO FEDFIRST FINANCIAL CORP
FFDF F F D FINANCIAL CORP
FFFD NORTH CENTRAL BANCSHARES INC
FFG F B L FINANCIAL GROUP INC
FFH FAIRFAX FINL HOLDINGS LTD
FFHS FIRST FRANKLIN CORP
FFIC FLUSHING FINANCIAL CORP
FFIN FIRST FINANCIAL BANKSHARES INC
FFKT FARMERS CAPITAL BANK CORP
FFKY FIRST FINANCIAL SERVICE CORP
FFNM FIRST FED NORTHN MI BANCORP INC
FFNW FIRST FINANCIAL NORTHWEST INC
FFSX FIRST FEDERAL BANKSHARES INC DEL
FHN FIRST HORIZON NATIONAL CORP
FIFG 1ST INDEPENDENCE FNL GROUP INC
FIG FORTRESS INVESTMENT GROUP L L C
FII FEDERATED INVESTORS INC PA
FISI FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS INC
FKFS FIRST KEYSTONE FINANCIAL INC
FLIC FIRST LONG ISLAND CORP
FMAR FIRST MARINER BANCORP
FMBI FIRST MIDWEST BANCORP DE
FMER FIRSTMERIT CORP
FMFC FIRST M & F CORP
FNB F N B CORP PA
FNBN F N B UNITED CORP
FNFG FIRST NIAGARA FINL GROUP INC NEW
FNLC FIRST BANCORP INC ME
FNM FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSN
FNSC FIRST NATIONAL BANCSHARES INC SC
FPBI F P B BANCORP INC
FPBN 1ST PACIFIC BANCORP CA
FPFC FIRST PLACE FINANCIAL CORP NM
FPIC F P I C INSURANCE GROUP INC
FPTB FIRST PACTRUST BANCORP INC
FRBK REPUBLIC FIRST BANCORP INC
FRE FEDERAL HOME LOAN MORTGAGE CORP
FRGB FIRST REGIONAL BANCORP
FRME FIRST MERCHANTS CORP
FSBI FIDELITY BANCORP INC
FSBK FIRST SOUTH BANCORP INC
FSGI FIRST SECURITY GROUP INC
FSNM FIRST STATE BANCORPORATION
FTBK FRONTIER FINANCIAL CORP
FULT FULTON FINANCIAL CORP PA
FUNC FIRST UNITED CORP
FWV FIRST WEST VIRGINIA BANCORP INC
FXCB FOX CHASE BANCORP INC
GABC GERMAN AMERICAN BANCORP INC
GAN GAINSCO INC
GBCI GLACIER BANCORP INC NEW
GBH GREEN BUILDERS INC
GBL GAMCO INVESTORS INC
GBNK GUARANTY BANCORP
GBTS GATEWAY FINANCIAL HLDGS INC
GCA GLOBAL CASH ACCESS HOLDINGS INC
GFED GUARANTY FEDERAL BANCSHARES INC
GFIG G F I GROUP INC
GFLB GREAT FLORIDA BANK
GGAL GRUPO FINANCIERO GALICIA S A
GHL GREENHILL & CO INC
GIW WILBER CORP
GLBZ GLEN BURNIE BANCORP
GLRE GREENLIGHT CAPITAL RE LTD
GNW GENWORTH FINANCIAL INC
GOV GOUVERNEUR BANCORP INC
GRAN BANK GRANITE CORP
GRNB GREEN BANKSHARES INC
GROW U S GLOBAL INVESTORS INC
GS OLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC
GSBC GREAT SOUTHERN BANCORP INC
GSLA G S FINANCIAL CORP
GTS TRIPLE S MANAGEMENT CORP
HABC HABERSHAM BANCORP INC
HAFC HANMI FINANCIAL CORP
HALL HALLMARK FINANCIAL SERVICES INC
HARL HARLEYSVILLE SAVINGS FINAN CORP
HAXS HEALTHAXIS INC
HBAN HUNTINGTON BANCSHARES INC
HBHC HANCOCK HOLDING CO
HBNK HAMPDEN BANCORP INC
HBOS HERITAGE FINANCIAL GROUP
HCBK HUDSON CITY BANCORP INC
HCC H C C INSURANCE HOLDINGS INC
HEOP HERITAGE OAKS BANCORP
HFBC HOPFED BANCORP INC
HFFC H F FINANCIAL CORP
HFWA HERITAGE FINANCIAL CORP WA
HGIC HARLEYSVILLE GROUP INC
HIFS HINGHAM INSTITUTION FOR SVGS MA
HMN HORACE MANN EDUCATORS CORP NEW
HMNF H M N FINANCIAL INC
HMPR HAMPTON ROADS BANKSHARES INC
HNBC HARLEYSVILLE NATIONAL CORP PA
HNT HEALTH NET INC
HOMB HOME BANCSHARES INC
HOME HOME FEDERAL BANCORP INC MD
HRZB HORIZON FINANCIAL CORP WASH
HS HEALTHSPRING INC
HTBK HERITAGE COMMERCE CORP
HTH HILLTOP HOLDINGS INC
HTLF HEARTLAND FINANCIAL USA INC
HUM HUMANA INC
HWBK HAWTHORN BANCSHARES INC
HWFG HARRINGTON WEST FINANCIAL GRP IN
IAAC INTERNATIONAL ASSETS HLDG CORP
IBCA INTERVEST BANCSHARES CORP
IBCP INDEPENDENT BANK CORP MICH
IBKC IBERIABANK CORP
IBKR INTERACTIVE BROKERS GROUP INC
IBNK INTEGRA BANK CORP
IBOC INTERNATIONAL BANCSHARES CORP
ICE INTERCONTINENTALEXCHANGE
INC
ICH INVESTORS CAPITAL HOLDINGS LTD
IFC IRWIN FINANCIAL CORP
IFSB INDEPENDENCE FEDERAL SAVINGS BK
IHC INDEPENDENCE HOLDING CO NEW
IMP IMPERIAL CAPITAL BANCORP INC
INCB INDIANA COMMUNITY BANCORP
INDB INDEPENDENT BANK CORP MA
ING I N G GROEP N V
IPCC INFINITY PROPERTY & CASUALTY COR
IPCR I P C HOLDINGS LTD
IRE IRELAND BANK
ITC I T C HOLDINGS CORP
ITG INVESTMENT TECHNOLOGY GP INC NEW
ITIC INVESTORS TITLE CO
JAXB JACKSONVILLE BANCORP INC FL
JEF JEFFERIES GROUP INC NEW
JFBC JEFFERSONVILLE
BANCORP
JFBI JEFFERSON BANCSHARES INC TENN
JLI JESUP & LAMONT INC
JMP J M P GROUP INC
JNS JANUS CAP GROUP INC
JPM JPMORGAN CHASE & CO
JXSB JACKSONVILLE BANCORP INC
KCLI KANSAS CITY LIFE INS CO
KENT KENT FINANCIAL SERVICES INC
KEY KEYCORP NEW
KFED K FED BANCORP
KFFB KENTUCKY FIRST FEDERAL BANCORP
KFS KINGSWAY FINANCIAL SERVICES INC
KRNY KEARNY FINANCIAL CORP
L LOEWS CORP
LAB LABRANCHE & CO INC
LABC LOUISIANA BANCORP INC
LARK LANDMARK BANCORP INC
LAZ LAZARD LTD
LBBB LIBERTY BELL BK CHERRY HILL NJ
LBCP LIBERTY BANCORP INC MO
LEGC LEGACY BANCORP INC
LEH LEHMAN BROTHERS HOLDINGS INC
LFC CHINA LIFE INSURANCE CO LTD
LION FIDELITY SOUTHERN CORP NEW
LKFN LAKELAND FINANCIAL CORP
LNC LINCOLN NATIONAL CORP IN
LNCB LINCOLN BANCORP IND
LPSB LAPORTE BANCORP INC
LSBI L S B FINANCIAL CORP
LSBK LAKE SHORE BANCORP INC
LSBX L S B CORP
LTS LADENBURG THALMANN FIN SVCS INC
LUK LEUCADIA NATIONAL CORP
LYG LLOYDS TSB GROUP PLC
MAIN MAIN STREET CAPITAL CORP
MASB MASSBANK CORP
MBFI M B FINANCIAL INC NEW
MBHI MIDWEST BANC HOLDINGS INC
MBI M B I A INC
MBP MID PENN BANCORP INC
MBR MERCANTILE BANCORP INC
MBRG MIDDLEBURG FINANCIAL CORP
MBTF M B T FINANCIAL CORP
MBVA MILLENNIUM BANKSHARES CORP
MBVT MERCHANTS BANCSHARES INC
MBWM MERCANTILE BANK CORP
MCBF MONARCH COMMUNITY BANCORP INC
MCBI METROCORP BANCSHARES INC
MCGC M C G CAPITAL CORP
MCY MERCURY GENERAL CORP NEW
MER MERRILL LYNCH & CO INC
MERR MERRIMAN CURHAN FORD GROUP INC
MF MF GLOBAL LTD
MFC MANULIFE FINANCIAL CORP
MFLR MAYFLOWER BANCORP INC
MFNC MACKINAC FINANCIAL CORP
MFSF MUTUALFIRST FINL INC
MGYR MAGYAR BANCORP INC
MHLD MAIDEN HOLDNGS LTD
MI MARSHALL & ILSLEY CORP NEW
MIG MEADOWBROOK INSURANCE GROUP INC
MIGP MERCER INSURANCE GROUP INC
MKL MARKEL CORP
MKTX MARKETAXESS HLDGS INC
MNRK MONARCH FINANCIAL HOLDINGS INC
MOFG MIDWESTONE FINANCIAL GRP INC NEW
MOH MOLINA HEALTHCARE INC
MORN MORNINGSTAR INC
MRH MONTPELIER RES HOLDINGS LTD
MROE MONROE BANCORP
MS MORGAN STANLEY DEAN WITTER & CO
MSBF M S B FINANCIAL CORP
MSFG MAINSOURCE FINANCIAL GROUP INC
MSL MIDSOUTH BANCORP INC
MTG M G I C INVESTMENT CORP WIS
MTU MITSUBISHI UFJ FINANCIAL GP INC
MXGL MAX CAPITAL GROUP LTD
NAHC NATIONAL ATLANTIC HOLDINGS CORP
NAL NEWALLIANCE BANCSHARES INC
NARA NARA BANCORP INC
NATL NATIONAL INTERSTATE CORP
NAVG NAVIGATORS GROUP INC
NBBC NEWBRIDGE BANCORP
NBN NORTHEAST BANCORP
NBTB N B T BANCORP INC
NBTF N B & T FINANCIAL GROUP INC
NCBC NEW CENTURY BANCORP INC NC
NCC NATIONAL CITY CORP
NDAQ NASDAQ O M X GROUP INC
NEBS NEW ENGLAND BANCSHARES INC
NECB NORTHEAST COMMUNITY BANCORP INC
NEWT NEWTEK BUSINESS SVCS INC
NFBK NORTHFIELD BANCORP INC
NFS NATIONWIDE FINANCIAL SERVICES IN
NFSB NEWPORT BANCORP INC
NHTB NEW HAMPSHIRE THRIFT BNCSHRS INC
NICK NICHOLAS FINANCIAL INC
NITE KNIGHT CAPITAL GROUP INC
NKSH NATIONAL BANKSHARES INC
NMR NOMURA HOLDINGS INC
NMX NYMEX HOLDINGS INC
NOVB NORTH VALLEY BANCORP
NPBC NATIONAL PENN BANCSHARES INC
NRIM NORTHRIM BANCORP INC
NSEC NATIONAL SECURITY GROUP INC
NSFC NORTHERN STATES FINANCIAL CORP
NSH NUSTAR G P HOLDINGS LLC
NTQ N T R ACQUISITION CO
NTRS NORTHERN TRUST CORP
NVSL NAUGATUCK VLY FINANCIAL CORP
NWFL NORWOOD FINANCIAL CORP
NWLIA A NATIONAL WESTERN LIFE INS CO
NWSB NORTHWEST BANCORP INC PA
NXTY NEXITY FINANCIAL CORP
NYB NEW YORK COMMUNITY BANCORP INC
NYM N Y M A G I C INC
NYX N Y S E EURONEXT
OCFC OCEANFIRST FINANCIAL CORP
OFG ORIENTAL FINANCIAL GROUP INC
OKSB SOUTHWEST BANCORP INC OKLA
OLBK OLD LINE BANCSHARES
OLCB OHIO LEGACY CORP
ONB OLD NATIONAL BANCORP
ONFC ONEIDA FINANCIAL CORP
OPHC OPTIMUMBANK HOLDINGS INC
OPOF OLD POINT FINL CORP
OPY OPPENHEIMER HOLDINGS INC
ORH ODYSSEY RE HOLDINGS CORP
ORI OLD REPUBLIC INTERNATIONAL CORP
ORIT ORITANI FINANCIAL CORP
OSBC OLD SECOND BANCORP INC
OSBK OSAGE BANCSHARES INC
OSHC OCEAN SHORE HOLDING CO
OVBC OHIO VALLEY BANC CORP
OXPS OPTIONSXPRESS HOLDINGS INC
OZM OCH ZIFF CAPITAL MANGMNT GRP LLC
OZRK BANK OF THE OZARKS INC
PABK P A B BANKSHARES INC
PACW PACWEST BANCORP DE
PBCI PAMRAPO BANCORP INC
PBCT PEOPLES UNITED FINANCIAL INC
PBHC PATHFINDER BANCORP INC
PBIB PORTER BANCORP INC
PBIP PRUDENTIAL BANCORP INC PA
PBKS PROVIDENT BANKSHARES CORP
PBNY PROVIDENT NEW YORK BANCORP
PCBC PACIFIC CAPITAL BANCORP NEW
PCBI PEOPLES COMMUNITY BANCORP INC
PCBK PACIFIC CONTINENTAL CORP
PCBS PROVIDENT COMMUNITY BANCSHRS INC
PEBK PEOPLES BANCORP NC INC
PEBO PEOPLES BANCORP INC
PFBC PREFERRED BANK LOS ANGELES
PFBI PREMIER FINANCIAL BANCORP INC
PFBX PEOPLES FINANCIAL CORP
PFED PARK BANCORP INC
PFG PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL GROUP INC
PFS PROVIDENT FINANCIAL SVCS INC
PGR PROGRESSIVE CORP OH
PHLY PHILADELPHIA CONSOLIDATED HLG CO
PICO P I C O HOLDINGS INC
PJC PIPER JAFFRAY COMPANIES
PKBK PARKE BANCORP INC
PL ROTECTIVE LIFE CORP
PLCC PAULSON CAPITAL CORP
PLFE PRESIDENTIAL LIFE CORP
PMACA A P M A CAPITAL CORP
PMBC PACIFIC MERCANTILE BANCORP
PMI P M I GROUP INC
PNBC PRINCETON NATIONAL BANCORP INC
PNBK PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP INC
PNC P N C FINANCIAL SERVICES GRP INC
PNFP PINNACLE FINANCIAL PARTNERS INC
PNSN PENSON WORLDWIDE INC
PNX PHOENIX COS INC
PPBI PACIFIC PREMIER BANCORP INC
PRA PROASSURANCE CORP
PRE PARTNERRE LTD
PRK PARK NATIONAL CORP
PROS PROCENTURY CORP
PROV PROVIDENT FINANCIAL HOLDINGS INC
PRSP PROSPERITY BANCSHARES INC
PRU PRUDENTIAL FINANCIAL INC
PRWT PREMIERWEST BANCORP
PSBC PACIFIC STATE BANCORP
PSBH PSB HOLDINGS INC
PSEC PROSPECT CAPITAL CORP
PTA PENN TREATY AMERICAN CORP
PTP PLATINUM UNDERWRITERS HLDGS LTD
PUK PRUDENTIAL PLC
PULB PULASKI FINANCIAL CORP
PVFC P V F CAPITAL CORP
PVSA PARKVALE FINANCIAL CORP
PVTB PRIVATEBANCORP INC
PWOD PENNS WOODS BANCORP INC
PZN PZENA INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT INC
QCRH Q C R HOLDINGS INC
QNTA QUANTA CAPITAL HOLDINGS LTD
RAMR R A M HOLDINGS LTD
RBCAA REPUBLIC BANCORP INC KY
RBNF RURBAN FINANCIAL CORP
RBPAA ROYAL BANCSHARES PA INC
RBS ROYAL BANK SCOTLAND GROUP PLC
RCBK RIVER CITY BANK
RCKB ROCKVILLE FINANCIAL INC
RDN RADIAN GROUP INC
RE EVEREST RE GROUP LTD
RF REGIONS FINANCIAL CORP NEW
RGA REINSURANCE GROUP OF AMERICA INC
RIVR RIVER VALLEY BANCORP
RJF RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL INC
RKH REGIONAL BANK HOLDRS TRUST
RLI R L I CORP
RNR RENAISSANCERE
HOLDINGS LTD
RNST RENASANT CORP
RODM RODMAN & RENSHAW CAP GRP INC NEW
ROMA ROMA FINANCIAL CORP
ROME ROME BANCORP INC
RPFG RAINIER PACIFIC FINL GROUP INC
RVSB RIVERVIEW BANCORP INC
RY ROYAL BANK CANADA MONTREAL QUE
SAF SAFECO CORP
SAFT SAFETY INSURANCE GROUP INC
SAL SALISBURY BANCORP INC
SAMB SUN AMERICAN BANCORP
SASR SANDY SPRING BANCORP INC
SAVB SAVANNAH BANCORP INC
SBBX SUSSEX BANCORP
SBCF SEACOAST BANKING CORP FLA
SBIB STERLING BANCSHARES INC
SBKC SECURITY BANK CORP
SBNY SIGNATURE BANK NEW YORK N Y
SBP SANTANDER BANCORP
SBSI SOUTHSIDE BANCSHARES INC
SCA SECURITY CAPITAL ASSURANCE LTD
SCB COMMUNITY BANKSHARES INC S C
SCBT S C B T FINANCIAL CORP
SCHW SCHWAB CHARLES CORP NEW
SCMF SOUTHERN COMMUNITY FINCL CORP
SEAB SEABRIGHT INSURANCE HOLDINGS INC
SF STIFEL FINANCIAL CORP
SFG STANCORP FINANCIAL GROUP INC
SFNC SIMMONS 1ST NATIONAL CORP
SFST SOUTHERN FIRST BANCSHARES INC
SGB SOUTHWEST GEORGIA FINANCIAL CORP
SHG SHINHAN FINANCIAL GROUP CO LTD
SIEB SIEBERT FINANCIAL CORP
SIFI SI FINANCIAL GROUP INC
SIGI SELECTIVE INSURANCE GROUP INC
SIVB S V B FINANCIAL GROUP
SLF SUN LIFE FINANCIAL INC
SLM S L M CORP
SMBC SOUTHERN MISSOURI BANCORP INC
SMCG MILLENNIUM INDIA ACQUISIT CO INC
SMHG SANDERS MORRIS HARRIS GROUP INC
SMMF SUMMIT FINANCIAL GROUP INC
SMTB SMITHTOWN BANCORP INC
SNBC SUN BANCORP INC
SNV SYNOVUS FINANCIAL CORP
SOCB SOUTHCOAST FINANCIAL CORP
SOMH SOMERSET HILLS BANCORP
SONA SOUTHERN NATIONAL BANCORP VA INC
SOV SOVEREIGN BANCORP INC
SRCE 1ST SOURCE CORP
SSBI SUMMIT STATE BANK
SSBX SILVER STATE BANCORP
SSFN STEWARDSHIP FINANCIAL CORP
STBA S & T BANCORP INC
STBC STATE BANCORP INC NY
STBK STERLING BANKS INC
STEL STELLARONE CORP
STFC STATE AUTO FINANCIAL CORP
STI SUNTRUST BANKS INC
STL STERLING BANCORP
STSA STERLING FINANCIAL CORP WASH
STT STATE STREET CORP
STU STUDENT LOAN CORP
SUAI SPECIALTY UNDERWRITERS ALL INC
SUBK SUFFOLK BANCORP
SUFB SUFFOLK FIRST BANK VA
SUPR SUPERIOR BANCORP
SUR C N A SURETY CORP
SUSQ SUSQUEHANNA BANCSHARES INC PA
SVBI SEVERN BANCORP INC MD
SWS S W S GROUP INC
SYBT S Y BANCORP INC
TAMB TAMALPAIS BANCORP
TAQ TRANSFORMA ACQUISITION GROUP INC
TAYC TAYLOR CAPITAL GROUP INC
TBBK BANCORP INC
TBHS BANK HOLDINGS THE
TCB T C F FINANCIAL CORP
TCBI TEXAS CAPITAL BANCSHARES INC
TCBK TRICO BANCSHARES
TCHC 21ST CENTURY HOLDING CO
TDBK TIDELANDS BANCSHARES INC
TFIN TEAM FINANCIAL INC
TFSL TFS FINANCIAL CORP
TGIC TRIAD GUARANTY INC
THFF FIRST FINANCIAL CORP IN
THG HANOVER INSURANCE GROUP INC
THRD T F FINANCIAL CORP
TIBB T I B FINANCIAL CORP
TIL TRANS INDIA ACQUISITION CORP
TMCV TEMECULA VALLEY BANCORP INC
TMK TORCHMARK CORP
TMP TOMPKINS FINANCIAL CORP
TNCC TENNESSEE COMMERCE BANCORP INC
TOFC TOWER FINANCIAL CORP
TONE TIERONE CORP
TOWN TOWNEBANK
TRH TRANSATLANTIC HOLDINGS INC
TROW T ROWE PRICE GROUP INC
TRST TRUSTCO BANK CORP NY
TRUE CENTRUE FINANCIAL CORP NEW
TRV TRAVELERS COMPANIES INC
TSBK TIMBERLAND BANCORP INC
TSFG SOUTH FINL GROUP INC
TSH TECHE HOLDING CO
TWGP TOWER GROUP INC
TWPG THOMAS WEISEL PARTNERS GROUP INC
UAM UNIVERSAL AMERICAN CORP
UB UNIONBANCAL CORP
UBCP UNITED BANCORP INC
UBFO UNITED SECURITY BANKSHARES
UBNK UNITED FINANCIAL BANCORP INC MD
UBOH UNITED BANCSHARES INC
UBS U B S AG
UBSH UNION BANKSHARES CORP
UBSI UNITED BANKSHARES INC
UCBA UNITED COMMUNITY BANCORP
UCBH U C B H HOLDINGS INC
UCBI UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS INC GA
UCFC UNITED COMMUNITY FINL CORP OHIO
UFCS UNITED FIRE & CAS CO
UMBF U M B FINANCIAL CORP
UMPQ UMPQUA HOLDINGS CORP
UNAM UNICO AMERICAN CORP
UNB UNION BANKSHARES INC
UNH UNITEDHEALTH GROUP INC
UNIB UNIVERSITY BANCORP INC
UNM UNUM GROUP
UNTY UNITY BANCORP INC
USB U S BANCORP DEL
USBI UNITED SECURITY BANCSHARES INC
UTR UNITRIN INC
UVSP UNIVEST CORP OF PENNSYLVANIA
UWBK UNITED WESTERN BANCORP INC
VBFC VILLAGE BANK AND TRUST FINL CORP
VCBI VIRGINIA COMMERCE BANCORP
VIST V I S T FINACIAL CORP
VLY VALLEY NATIONAL BANCORP
VNBC VINEYARD NATIONAL BANCORP
VPFG VIEWPOINT FINANCIAL GROUP
VR VALIDUS HOLDINGS LTD
VSBN V S B BANCORP INC NY
VYFC VALLEY FINANCIAL CORP VA
WABC WESTAMERICA BANCORPORATION
WAIN WAINWRIGHT BANK & TRUST CO BOSTN
WAL WESTERN ALLIANCE BANCORPORATION
WASH WASHINGTON TRUST BANCORP INC
WAUW WAUWATOSA HOLDINGS INC
WAYN WAYNE SAVINGS BANCSHARES INC NEW
WB WACHOVIA CORP 2ND NEW
WBCO WASHINGTON BANKING COMPANY
WBNK WACCAMAW BANKSHARES INC
WBS WEBSTER FINL CORP WATERBURY CONN
WCBO WEST COAST BANCORP ORE NEW
WCG WELLCARE HEALTH PLANS INC
WDR WADDELL & REED FINANCIAL INC
WFBC WILLOW FINANCIAL BANCORP INC
WFC WELLS FARGO & CO NEW
WFD WESTFIELD FINANCIAL INC
WFSL WASHINGTON FEDERAL INC
WGNB W G N B CORP
WHG WESTWOOD HOLDINGS GROUP INC
WHI W HOLDING CO INC
WIBC WILSHIRE BANCORP INC
WL WILMINGTON TRUST CORP
WLP WELLPOINT INC
WM WASHINGTON MUTUAL INC
WPL STEWART W P & CO LTD
WRB BERKLEY W R CORP
WSB W S B HOLDINGS INC
WSBC WESBANCO INC
WSFG W S B FINANCIAL GROUP
WSFS WSFS FINANCIAL CORP
WTBA WEST BANCORPORATION INC
WTFC WINTRUST FINANCIAL CORPORATION
WTM WHITE MOUNTAINS INS GROUP INC
WTNY WHITNEY HOLDING CORP
WVFC WVS FINANCIAL CORP
XL XL CAPITAL LTD
Y ALLEGHANY CORP DE
YAVY YADKIN VALLEY FINANCIAL CORP
ZION ZIONS BANCORP
It used to be that third - party controllers and accessories in gaming were something you picked up on the cheap and did n't expect to last very long ; gamers fighting over who would get the official controller and who would get the knock - off was a typical problem in many homes .
Mad Catz , the company most often talked about when it comes to cheap knock - offs , wants you to know that it has changed , and it wants another chance from consumers .
Based on a few recent acquisitions and the company 's first official Rock Band 2 accessory , it may have earned that second chance .
" I read the forums and listen to consumers and thoroughly apologize if any consumer feels let down by the quality of previous Mad Catz product however , a great deal of gamers often refer to products we released almost ten years ago ! "
Alex Verrey told Ars .
He 's the company 's global PR and communications manager , and he seems very open about his feelings on the new range of products : they 're premium quality .
" Take a look for yourselves .
We believe we 've moved on and ask that those initially hesitant on purchasing one of our products gives us a second look . "
He sent Ars one of the new products : the Fender Bass for Rock Band 1 and 2 .
We 've been playing with the guitar for about a week now , and he 's right , it 's a wonderful instrument .
Much bigger than the standard guitar , with a split strum bar that allows you to pluck notes very quickly and accurately ; the controller feels much closer to a real bass than anything else that has shipped for the game so far .
The bass does have some odd design choices : the control for the whammy bar is now a twist knob that is n't easy to reach while playing , and Overdrive sometimes does n't activate as easily as it does on the stock guitars , but since we 've used it scores have gone up , and it does feel like a high - quality product .
The other drawback is the guitar is wired , which may be a problem for some .
Verrey hints that this may not have been their choice .
" Mad Catz is committed to delivering the very best possible experience to gamers but sometimes various concessions may have to be made , " he told us about the wire .
" We plan to support Rock Band and Rock Band 2 for quite some time and indeed there is every possibility that some products in the PlayStation 3 and Wii range will be wireless . "
Licensed products seem to be a large part of Mad Catz ' new strategy .
The company will be the only game in town when it comes to add - on cymbals for the Rock Band 2 drum set , and it will also be offering the official fighting stick for Street Fighter IV , a peripheral that no one is willing to detail yet .
Fighting fans are champing at the bit , and rumors have run rampant , but Mad Catz is n't talking .
" The only information officially announced by Mad Catz is that we have secured the license to work alongside our friends at Capcom on a range of licensed Street Fighter 4 accessories .
Any further information is again the result of conjecture , rumor and inaccurate leaks , " Verrey tells Ars , before offering a slight tease : " I confidently feel that you are all in for a treat . "
Images of the Street Fighter IV stick from the GameStop managers conference ( via NeoGaf )
Ars reader N. Masood gave some hints about what we might expect .
I hang around Shoryuken quite a lot , and we 've been getting a lot of info on these sticks .
MadCatz hired a couple of hardcore fighting game fans who know what goes into a good arcade stick , one of whom is the aforementioned Capcom blogger , and another who 's an absolute arcade stick nerd if his site is any indication , to advise and guide the company on constructing these sticks .
Those two have guaranteed that the premium stick is going to have authentic Japanese arcade parts in it , and the folks at the Gamestop conference who tried these out have been saying that they did a good job in achieving that goal .
That has to be filed under rumor for now , but it makes us very hopeful .
" As a consumer myself I can fully understand the notion of ' Once bitten twice shy , ' " Verrey said .
" Once a brand lets you down it can be a long time before trust is restored and some consumers decide never to trust certain companies again . "
This could be the fate for Mad Catz , but our first taste of the Fender Bass controller was a very positive one — look for a full review in Opposable Thumbs very soon .
Mad Catz has also purchased and incorporated both Saitek and Joytech into the company , making Mad Catz one of the largest creators of third - party controllers .
The company wants gamers back , and we 'll be watching to see if they do the one thing that will make that happen : create quality hardware .
So far , things are off to a good start .
Next door neighbour Richard Powell told magistrates : " The headboard bangs on the wall as they are having sex and it keeps me awake all night .
David and Patricia Earnhardt Report Their Problems During Early Voting in Nashville
Obama Vote Wo n't Register , Then Flips to Other Candidate , as Similarly Reported Recently in WV ...
Brad Friedman Byon
10/21/2008 , 12:04 pm PT
Now comes the vote - flipping on touch - screen machines in Davidson County ( Nashville ) , TN , where early voting has also begun .
This time , the problems occurred for David and Patricia Earnhardt , the director and executive producer of the award - winning election integrity documentary , Uncounted : The New Math of American Elections which details the history of problems with electronic voting across the nation and some of the whistleblowers and EI advocates who 've helped to bring the matter to light .
[ Disclosure : The BRAD BLOG is prominently featured in the film . ]
The Earnhardts ' story of what happened to them last Friday when , among other things , Patricia 's attempt to vote for Obama on the ES&S touch - screen would n't register at all , and at one point , with a poll - worker trying to help , had actually registered a vote for Green Party candidate Cynthia McKinney --- five rows away from Obama on the screen --- follows below .
The first reports of vote - flipping on touch - screen machines ( we expect many more , as we saw in both ' 04 and especially in ' 06 ) came in from two counties last week in West Virginia , which also uses ES&S touch screens across the entire state .
The machines in both TN and WV need to be taken out of use and impounded immediately .
So far , it 's been Democrats , again , who are being affected by these problems , while votes are flipping from Democratic candidates to others .
While the DNC and the Obama campaign ought to be raising holy hell , so far they are not ...
Here 's the email sent by David Earnhardt yesterday ...
" A poll worker directed me to a touch screen voting machine & instructed me how to use it .
I touched " Obama " for president & nothing lit up .
I touched 2 or 3 more times & still nothing lit up .
I called the poll worker back over to tell him I was having a problem .
He said I just needed to touch it more lightly .
I tried it 2 or 3 more times more lightly with the poll worker watching & still nothing lit up .
The poll worker then touched it for me twice --- nothing lit up .
The third time he touched the Obama button , the Cynthia McKinney space lit up !
The McKinney button was located five rows below the Obama button .
The poll worker just kind of laughed and cancelled the vote .
He hit the Obama button again & it finally lit up .
I continued on to cast the rest of my votes .
After completing the process & reviewing my votes , I went to the VOTE page , hit the VOTE button & nothing happened .
Again after several tries , I called the poll worker over & he finally got the machine to register my votes . "
Patricia Earnhardt - Friday , Oct. 17 - Howard School Building - Nashville , Tennessee I also had similar problems with the machine I was voting on that same day , although no vote flipping .
I would touch the screen numerous times before I could get my various candidate choices to light up .
It was strange and very frustrating .
When I finally got through my slate of candidate choices , I could not get the VOTE button to light up when I touched it .
I finally called over a poll worker and he told me that I needed to touch lightly .
I touched the VOTE button more lightly , but was only able to get it to work after several more failed attempts .
My wife , Patricia Earnhardt , had an early voting experience here in Nashville , Tennessee , where she saw her vote momentarily flip from Barack Obama to Green Party candidate Cynthia McKinney .
She voted on a touch - screen paperless machine .
Here is her story :
The same ES&S iVotronic touch - screens now failing in WV and TN were responsible for losing some 18,000 votes in a very close FL Congressional race in Democratic - leaning Sarasota County in 2006 , where the race went to the Republican by just 369 votes .
Ironically , the race in FL's 13th Congressional district was for former FL - SoS Katherine Harris ' old House seat .
Though the race was challenged in Congress , under the Federal Contested Elections Act , the House Democrats eventually dismissed the case , even though an explanation for the disappeared 18,000 votes was never found
A startling expose on the lack of quality control and regular vote - flipping on ES&S iVotronics aired , to almost no fanfare in the corporate media , on HDNet in 2007 ( watch it here ) .
In 2007 we had the displeasure of attending a meeting of the Davidson County , TN , Election Commission ourselves .
While the Democrats on the committee were in the majority , the three hapless Democratic members were run roughshod over by the two Republicans who virtually ran the entire meeting themselves .
The Republican who seemed to be in charge of things , Commissioner Lynn Greer , while the actual Chair Eddie Bryan did almost nothing , actually told us after the meeting --- and after we 'd spoken during it , to warn about the troubles they would have with their touch - screen systems --- that " paper ballots are the greatest fraud ever perpetrated on America . "
It seemed as though he actually believed those words as they came out of his mouth .
Meanwhile , more reports of vote - flipping have now come out of Putnam County , WV , the second county to report problems in the state were the ES&S iVotronic is used at every polling place .
The Sunday Gazette Mail reports :
...
[ Michael K. ]
Koon said he had no problem casting an early vote for president .
[ Martha Louise ]
Harrington , a retired home health worker who lives in Hurricane , said , " I was very cautious to put my fingernail in the middle of the square .
I hit it in the square to vote for Obama .
Immediately , it went to McCain ....[ Michael K. ]
Koon said he had no problem casting an early vote for president .
" However , when I chose Jay Rockefeller - and there is at least a finger 's distance between the two choices - it selected Jay Wolfe and printed his name on the receipt .
" I pushed Jay Rockefeller again a few times and it canceled Jay Wolfe .
Then I chose Jay Rockefeller again and it verified it . "
In 2007 , CA Secretary of State Debra Bowen found ES&S iVotronic touch - screens to be so unreliable , and prone to malicious attacks , that they were decertified in the state for all but optional use by voters with disabilities , in order to meet federal requirements for such voters .
UPDATE 10/22/08 : ES&S touch - screens failing to show races , candidates on final review screens in SC .
Details here ...
And 2nd TN county now reporting vote - flips on ES&S machines .
This time from D to R !
It 's time to take these machines out of service now !
Details here ...
Created by cunei on 2008 - 09 - 23 .
Updated : 2008-09-23 , 14:09
David Pollak sent us a nice Scala news roundup , which will certainly be of interest to many of you .
He writes : Lots of Scala buzz is happening around the web ...
In case you missed Bush 's speech you can see it in this MSNBC Clip .
This is a critical juncture .
We absolutely need your help for another massive Fax - In , Phone In .
Fax Title : No Deal Start Over
Senator
I can sum up my thoughts on Bush 's speech in four words " No Deal Start Over " .
I watched Bush 's speech tonight and it left as many questions unanswered as before .
Specifically , it provided no assurances that the problems will be solved by throwing $ 700 billion of taxpayer money at failed institutions .
A $ 700 Billion Tax
Let 's be honest .
This bill is a $ 700 billion tax on the US taxpayer .
It will be the largest tax bill in history .
Former Governor St. Louis Fed : " taxpayer losses will be large . "
Bush claims the value of these assets will likely be higher than the current price .
I disagree .
So does William Poole Former Governor of the St. Louis Federal Reserve Bank who states " The Treasury will be stuck with the least - attractive paper , and that means taxpayer losses will be large . "
President Bush Is Disingenuous
Bush claims the Government is patient enough to buy assets at their current price and hold on to them until the price recovers .
That is not the Paulson plan .
Paulson and Bernanke do not want to buy at distressed prices they want to buy at above market prices to recapitalize banks , hoping they guess right .
The Fed chief explicitly said " paying prices higher than the bad assets would aid the economy " .
Bernanke and Pauslon have not guessed right about anything for years , including interest rates , or we would not be in the mess we are now in .
Paulson And Bernanke Do Not Deserve Your Trust
Neither Paulson nor Bernanke saw this coming .
Paulson spoke on Face the nation saying our banking system was sound .
Somehow we went from " sound " to the " biggest crisis since the great depression " in a few short weeks .
Why should trust be placed in those who did not see this coming ?
Instead trust should ONLY be placed in those who did see it coming , and have offered valid alternatives to consider .
Paulson asked for a blank check for Fannie Mae .
He told you he had no intention us using the blank check .
One week later Paulson wrote a $ 200 Billion taxpayer funded check to bail out Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
He wrote another $ 85 billion taxpayer check for AIG .
How many more checks can he write before you get the idea " Paulson is flying blindly by the seat of his pants " ?
Take Time To Study Alternatives
Senator , I am still asking " Why the mad rush to judgment ? "
The financial world will not end if you delay passage .
However , it may end if you pass a $ 700 billion boondoggle that morphs into a $ 1.8 trillion boondoggle .
Please scrap this proposal and start with a genuine look at real alternatives .
This plan is nothing more than a $ 700 billion tax , a tax that will not provide a single job , not a one .
I cannot and will not vote for any member of Congress who votes for this bill in its current form or anything remotely close to the current form .
Senator , it 's time to kill this bill and start all over .
Your Name
Your Phone Number
With a Rasmussen poll finding support for the bailout at an anemic seven percent , some members of Congress are afraid to vote for it .
Call them !
Let them hear from you !
Tell them you will never vote for anyone who supports this atrocity .
The issue boils down to this : do we care about freedom ?
Do we care about responsibility and accountability ?
Do we care that our government and media have been bought and paid for ?
Do we care that average Americans are about to be looted in order to subsidize the fattest of cats on Wall Street and in government ?
Do we care ?
When the chips are down , will we stand up and fight , even if it means standing up against every stripe of fashionable opinion in politics and the media ?
Times like these have a way of telling us what kind of a people we are , and what kind of country we shall be .
In liberty ,
Ron Paul
Fax Now !
Contact The House
your congressman
Make sure you change every occurrence of " senator " in the above draft when faxing or emailing Congress .
Senate Fax List
Please fax everyone on this list .
Please send this email to 10 others and have them do the same .
Ongoing Campaigns
Please act on ALL of the following .
If You Tried Before , Please Click The link And Try Again
Fax Now !
Confidence Trick
By John Miller
This article is from the September / October 2008 issue of Dollars & Sense : The Magazine of Economic Justice available at http://www.dollarsandsense.org
This article is from the September / October 2008 issue of Dollars & Sense magazine .
Hyman Minsky , the theorist of financial fragility whose work has enjoyed a revival as U.S. financial institutions crumble , always maintained that “ there is nothing wrong with macroeconomics that another depression would n’t cure . ”
Whatever salutary effects today ’s financial crisis , undoubtedly the worst since the Great Depression , might be having on macroeconomics , it has yet to improve economic policymaking .
The Bush administration exploited a financial panic , vastly exaggerating its dangers for the broader economy , to extort $ 700 billion from a Congress only too willing to open taxpayer ’s wallets to bail out those who benefited from the speculative excesses of an $ 8 trillion housing bubble .
Whatever this massive public purchase of bad debt will do to patch up the credit system , the bailout will not counteract the downward spiral in housing prices that brought on the credit crisis and will undoubtedly continue .
The bailout will do little to make bad mortgage debt more viable or to provide relief to homeowners behind in their mortgage payments or facing foreclosure .
Nor does the bailout place effective limits on CEOs ’ pay or their golden parachutes , erect the regulatory safeguards that will curb future financial excesses , or counteract the worsening recession .
Worse yet , the bailout swells the federal budget deficit and for that reason will likely sap whatever political will could have been mustered to make the massive public investments necessary to prevent the economy from falling into a prolonged depression .
For the policy maestros to do better than this disgraceful , already - failed , confidence trick of a bailout package that entirely ignores the elephant in the room ( as economists Nouriel Roubini , Paul Krugman , Joseph Stiglitz , and Glen Hubbard have described it ) , the crisis will have to put an end to the illusion of self - regulating markets , much as Minsky envisioned a depression might .
But neoliberal prestidigitation continues .
Even as the Wall Street Journal reports that the financial system has been “ shaken to the core , ” its editors steadfastly maintain that the “ sins of deregulation ” are “ a political fairy tale ” in an attempt to absolve the market from blame for the crisis .
The government - sponsored enterprises Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , complain the editors , “ turbo - charged the credit mania ” by subsidizing rates of return for mortgage - backed securities and increasing the number of mortgages available to risky low - income borrowers .
( For an accurate portrayal of Fannie ’s and Freddie ’s role in the crisis , see page Fred Moseley ’s article in the current issue . )
The Journal editors ’ latest free - market sleight of hand notwithstanding , unregulated and deregulated financial markets combined with new , harder - to - regulate financial instruments and ever - present greed to unleash today ’s pernicious economic instability .
As the economy teeters , we must challenge the antidemocratic dictates of an inflation - phobic Wall Street to demand that government effectively regulate the entire range of financial institutions through strict capital requirements and a tax on speculative turnover intended to encourage long - term productive investment .
We must build institutions of regulatory enforcement that will remain strong when the next bubble comes and its beneficiaries pour buckets of money into the political system to move their deregulatory agenda forward .
Likewise , massive public spending is needed to put the nearly one million people who will have lost their jobs this year back to work and to jump - start the economy .
Public policy must also be dedicated to spreading the benefits of renewed economic growth widely through progressive taxes and by putting the interests of people before the profits of those who have recklessly polluted the economy with toxic debt .
Without those measures , Wall Street will continue to be , as Woody Guthrie put it in the midst of the Great Depression , the street that keeps the rest of us off Easy Street .
John Miller teaches economics at Wheaton College and is a member of the D&S collective .
Thousands in Mexico march to protest the violence associated with the government escalated drug war .
According to the Dallas Morning News August 31 , 2008 article , ( " Protesters Demand That Authorities Stop Killings " )
" Throngs of frustrated people across Mexico , many carrying pictures of kidnapped loved ones , marched Saturday evening to demand that authorities act to stop the tide of killings , abductions and shootouts .
The mass protests were a challenge to the government of President Felipe Calderon , who has made fighting crime a top priority and deployed more than 25,000 soldiers and federal police against powerful drug cartels . "
The article states , " A sea of white - clad demonstrators carrying candles filled the 2.5 - mile route between Mexico City 's Angel of Independence monument and the main Zocalo square .
City officials refused to give a crowd estimate , but the Zocalo can hold nearly 100,000 people .
Tens of thousands overflowed into the surrounding streets , unable to squeeze into the square .
Thousands more marched in other cities across the country . "
The article adds , " Despite the arrest of several drug kingpins , little has improved since the Calderon government began its crackdown .
Homicides have surged as drug cartels battle each other for control of trafficking routes and attack police nearly each day .
In the gang - plagued border state of Chihuahua alone , there have been more than 800 killings this year , double the number during the same period last year .
Last week , a dozen headless bodies were found in the Yucatan Peninsula , home to Mexico 's most popular beach resort , Cancun . "
As others have hinted , it 's because a bulb with a " standard " filament would fail the first time you opened the freezer door , because it would not be able to cope with going from - 20 to + several hundred degrees in an instant .
You need a better quality , and therefore more expensive , bulb .
Years ago , this meant that only the most expensive freezers had a light in them .
These days most of them do .
These crooks are the most unpatriotic , America - hating people we ’ve seen .
They are sending their friends and lobbyists to Washington to ask for what could be a $ 1.8 TRILLION bailout to save the problems they created , yet no , they ’re not willing to cut back one single penny .
Not one .
They still want their hundreds of millions in annual bonus money and they still want their elite lifestyle as though none of this ever happened .
For Wall Street as well as Bush , Paulson and Bernanke , it ’s perfectly acceptable that middle class Americans foot the bill in terms of cut backs and higher taxes so America ’s royalty on Wall Street can live well .
Yep , they want you to pay for their mistakes as if they had nothing to do with it .
For all the Palin - McCain talk about patriotism , how patriotic is this ?
How patriotic is it that Phil Gramm works for Swiss giant UBS and asks Americans to fund a UBS bailout ?
How patriotic is it for Bush to suggest that the American middle class – who hate every piece of this bailout – is the problem and not greedy executives who want to make sure they continue to get their high salaries , bonuses , taxes paid by the company and every other juicy addition to their lifestyle ?
If Bush and Paulson are telling America that we are on the brink of disaster , should n’t Wall Street help America and put aside their greed for a while and join the team ?
If not , do we really want to help them out ?
Maybe a splash of cold , hard capitalism is what they need to bring them to their senses .
That ’s what they have been dishing out to us for years so why not ?
Until Wall
Street is willing to compromise and join in the pain , they can go to hell .
Same for Bush , Paulson and Bernanke .
We ’re either all in this together or we ’re not .
Right now , it ’s only the middle class .
The same patriotic middle class who funded tax cuts for the rich and this damned Iraq war .
DIGG THIS
A strange game .
The only winning move is not to play .
Suburban Traffic
Tickets are a game where the government will eventually win and the best a person can do is generate a tie .
I prefer playing games that I can win , but this being what it is , not playing is n’t an option .
Would n’t it be nice if people who did n’t have a badge could write traffic tickets to those who did ?
The game might actually be fun .
In the town I live in I ’ve played the game to a tie for eleven years , but that ended this week .
That ’s meaningful because there are a lot of traffic cops around here and I drive late at night a couple times a week .
I ’ve been followed for miles only to frustrate the local constabulary as officers made hard acceleration , wheel - spinning U - turns when I arrived home .
They have to find the " evil - doers " of the roadway ; it ’s their job .
I am a very exacting driver about coming to a complete stop , signaling , and every thing else of that nature .
( It ’s an outgrowth of my bicycling civil - obedience . )
I rarely make mistakes driving or bicycling .
I follow the golden rule of not requiring another driver to take evasive action for me provided he follows the rules of right of way .
Or as some put it : priorities of “ skin , tin , ticket . "
I know and follow entire sections and details of the vehicle code that cops do n’t even know exist .
This fact has resulted in a few confrontations with officers over the last dozen years as the law and what many people ( including police officers ) believe it is are not the same thing .
It ’s been a little over two years since I last made a " mistake " while driving where a government employee ( highwayman may be more appropriate ) was present .
That last time , I was n’t guilty , it was due to the government not following the law .
It was at a rather oddly set up intersection with various issues and the stop line considerably back from the plane of the intersection .
One can actually reach the crosswalk on green and cross the plane of the intersection on red , which is what happened to me .
This is not a violation .
( 625 ILCS 5/11-306 ( c ) 1 . )
I showed in court that the traffic light was not set up properly under IL law ( 625 ILCS 5/11-301 ) that requires following the MUTCD and that one could enter on green and exit on red at parking lot speeds .
This is n’t a problem in traffic court .
There is an easy solution .
The judge just says the physical details of the intersection were manufactured after the fact and laughs .
For securing a conviction the prosecution declared that the parking lot drive is a " street , " making testifying to low speed unbelievable .
For my efforts the judge raised the base fine by $ 25 and added $ 30 in " court costs . "
Before that it had been several years since I last had to pay a traffic ticket , so I got court supervision , avoiding the insurance rate hikes .
The judge also asks if the fine can be paid today .
Maybe this is where one is supposed to play " poor " to pay less ?
It has the feel of a shakedown .
I was escorted to the door of the courtroom by a bailiff who remained uncomfortably close to me .
At this moment I realized why there is so much security at the courthouse .
The way they treat people would naturally cause some to lash out physically .
I may have won some sort of minor victory after all .
As I left the court ( and later in a letter to that city ) , I stated that I would drive 30 mph on that parking lot drive in the future ( I did n’t really intend to and never did , it was to make a point ) .
The reason was I now had a court record that it was a road and not parking lot drive .
There were no speed limit signs , so it defaults to 30 mph ( 625 ILCS 5/11-601 ) .
Some months afterwards , 15 mph speed limit signs appeared there .
It is funny how that works .
I can only hope the city paid for the signs , but I guess the property owner was probably forced to .
Driving home from work recently I look up and what was a green light is now yellow .
I have no excuse for missing the beginning of the yellow signal besides that I was looking at the conditions at the intersection ahead when it changed .
But it ’s yellow and I am very close to the intersection .
I do n’t have time to check my mirrors to see if anyone is on my bumper ( I drive the under posted speed limit on these roads , so I am usually being tailgated and have been nearly hit and hit for stopping for yellow signals in the past ) .
To stop before the line I would have to put my car ’s Brembo brakes to full use .
I decide I do n’t want to be hit , I do n’t want to take the risk , as the intersection is clear .
There is a risk of a " rolling stop , " but ticket comes after skin and after tin .
I had to make this decision quickly and I went with what I knew , it was clear and safe to make the turn .
I tap the brakes and make my right turn just as the light flicks red ( according to the officer ) .
I see that a car waiting in the left turn lane of the crossing road is a police cruiser .
Sure enough the lights come on as he crosses lanes of traffic to nab me .
For his performance objectives it must be a suitable trade off to risk a collision to punish me for not risking one .
So I get to talk to this man whom I ’d rather have nothing to do with .
I get a short lecture about obeying the law ( safety is oddly absent ) .
“ Yeah , like I have n’t seen you guys do rolling stops dozens of times over the years ” I think to myself .
The robotic officer asks me if I have had any tickets in the past twelve months .
I answer no .
This means I ’m probably getting a ticket .
The local officers do n’t want to over fish .
A year between tickets is required so one can take automatic traffic school and get supervision to avoid insurance rate hikes without going to court ( costs an extra $ 30 on top of the fine , a nice private - public partnership profit center ) .
The government does this to streamline the system and get people to pay instead of fight .
Only the poor and the principled fight regular traffic tickets because it is not worth the time value of money for most people , not to mention the penalty for fighting and losing .
He goes back to run my license through the system .
I wonder what comes up .
Some time ago an officer in the next town was talking on his cell phone and turned left across my path well after his arrow had expired and my signal turned green .
I stopped to avoid him .
He became angry , so angry he doubled back after me at a rather unsafe speed , because I " made a face " at him , but not angry enough to risk his job by manufacturing a ticket .
I wonder if that cop ’s anger resulted in commentary in the system , if it is even allowed .
My wondering about the technology does n’t last for very long , the officer is on his way back already .
I think a verbal warning is coming since he did n’t have enough time to write a ticket .
Alas , no , the officer comes back with a nice computer printed ticket .
Wow , no illegible handwriting , high - tech efficiency of the most modern sort , so unlike most government operations .
Now I have to pay a ticket .
I would just shrug this off as another tax , maybe curse about it , complain about the selective enforcement , and feel like I ’ve just been robbed at the point of a gun .
But it is a little different this year .
Earlier this summer I was bicycling past the local police station at the posted speed limit of 25 mph .
As I am nearing an intersection a Pontiac driver ( who had just left the police station ’s back lot ) passes me close ( 1.5 ft away or less ) and I sound my horn ( a long blast ) to let the driver know I am there .
When bicycling at speeds faster than most drivers are accustomed to I ’ve had drivers cut back to the right when they are next to me .
I ’ve nearly been hit a few times when this has happened .
( I guess most drivers think bicyclists vanish into the ether once behind their vehicle ’s A - pillar , or all move at 5 mph )
With very little spacing to my left and not all that much room to flee to the right this was not a comfortable situation .
The driver cuts in front of me and hits the brake , stopping short .
I dive right and the passenger opens the door into my path , which I also avoid .
A police officer ( in plain clothes , with a badge on belt ) gets out of the car .
I stop at the stop sign in front of the Pontiac .
This is n’t the first time I ’ve had a badge holding government employee decide to exercise his authoritah when I ’ve been bicycling .
I ’ve learned that I have to hold my ground , show I know the vehicle code , and wait out their routine of yelling and trying to dominate until they calm down .
The very nature of vehicular bicycling seems to enrage some police officers as it does some drivers .
It seems despite complaints about bicycle riders not obeying the law , obeying it upsets them much more .
People have funny ideas of what the law is with regard to bicycles too .
I know what I am in for as the officer approaches me .
He begins to harass me saying that I have to yield to cars ( because they are cars and I am using a bicycle , which is of course false ) and I could not be as far left as I was .
( I was slightly inside the right tire track and IL law only requires being as far right as practicable when going less than the normal speed of traffic .
At the speed I was traveling I could have been centered in the lane if I had chosen .
( 625 ILCS 5/11-1505 ) )
He threatens me with a ticket .
I tell him how fast I was going and to read the vehicle code .
He keeps on going in a loud voice , trying to dominate the situation .
I repeat that I was going the speed limit , they brush passed me , they endangered me , and that he should read the vehicle code .
Went through this three times .
He then walks back to the car .
He calls me an “ as * * ole ” and gets back in the car and they go on their way .
( speeding of course )
The driver committed at least THREE traffic violations , maybe FOUR ( could be five or six if I take some time to think about it some more ) :
Speeding .
Passing a bicyclist within 3 feet .
( 625 ILCS 5/11-703 )
Passing on a two lane road within 100 ft of a stop sign .
( 625 ILCS 5/11-706 )
Whatever is applicable to stopping in the traffic lane to discharge passengers .
( 625 ILCS 5/11 -1303 )
As employees of the government there was no ticket for their dangerous behavior .
Me , making a turn where at worst I made a small unintentional error , got in nobody ’s way , delayed no one , caused no one any problem , was entirely safe , got ticketed .
They can deliberately put me at risk of severe injury for no good reason three times inside a few seconds and that ’s okay , they ’re the government and exist to keep us " safe . "
Why do n’t I feel " safe " ?
September 13 , 2008
The Best of Brent Peterson
ON BOARD THE CANADIAN–This cross-country train , like all fast - moving vehicles , is responsible for its share of road kill .
But every now and then , it becomes the object of a suicidal revolt from a considerable force of nature .
It usually happens during the rutting season : bull moose have been known to charge the train head - on .
The impact is hard enough to jolt the front car , but the result is predictably unfortunate .
" The last thing that went through that moose 's mind was its ass , " said a train worker of a recent incident .
Thankfully , Green Leader Elizabeth
May 's whistle - stop campaign tour has so far been apparently free of lopsided head - butting contests .
The only force of nature has been May herself , treating even the smallest of train station rallies like a high - octane family reunion and breakthrough political moment .
But before her train from Vancouver pulled into Toronto last night , she called for a form of strategic voting , which she feared might get her in a moose - size mess of trouble with her own party .
May urged Canadians to do all they can to throw Prime Minister Stephen Harper out of office , including strongly suggesting they should n't vote Green if another candidate has a better chance at defeating a Conservative .
" We are too close to the edge of a global apocalypse , " May said in an interview .
" We have got to grab the opportunities we have .
And , clearly , the contribution Canadians can make to a global solution is to get rid of Stephen Harper . "
May insists she 's not calling for strategic voting because that leads people to simply vote Liberal .
She wants Canadians to examine their riding and figure out how best to keep the Tories from winning .
" I wo n't say , ` You 've got to vote Green if you believe in our policies . '
I 'll say , ` Here 's our policies , figure out what you need to do because , frankly , the Green party has to put progress ( on climate change ) and principle above short - term power . ' "
The goal is to prevent Harper from blocking the last chance at an international deal on reducing greenhouse gases at a United Nations summit next year , she said .
" I 'd rather have no Green seats and Stephen Harper lose , than a full caucus that stares across the floor at Stephen Harper as prime minister , because his policies are too dangerous , " she said .
So determined is May to keep Harper from power she also told the Star she wants Liberal Leader Stéphane Dion and NDP Leader Jack Layton to join her in a pact to beat Conservatives candidates .
The Green , Liberal and New Democratic parties should prevent vote - splitting that would favour Conservatives , and carve up electoral ridings according to who has the best chance of winning , May said .
" We sit down and say , ` Who has the best chance of winning in all these ridings ? '
What I 've been calling for is proportional representation by other means . "
She acknowledged that this partly works to the Green party 's advantage because it would likely result in its first seats in Parliament .
She also knows some accuse her of wanting to cook the election behind closed doors .
She says she 's trying to redress a distorted system that creates majority governments elected by a minority of votes .
Layton has refused to even meet May .
But May says
Dion is interested in going beyond the deal he struck with her before the election call , in which neither the Greens nor Liberals are running candidates in the other leader 's riding .
" Dion 's willing to do more and I 'm willing to do more .
The problem is that neither one of us can do anything more when Layton wo n't because then it looks like , ` The Greens are what , a sidekick of the Liberal party ? '
No we 're not .
There 's a lot wrong with the Liberal party , " she said .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
She rejected a two - way deal between her and the Liberals .
May said her proposals upset some Green party members , since they suggest voting Green is n't always the best choice .
But , she says , " I will not be able to live with myself if anything I 've done contributes to Harper winning , because the stakes are too high . "
Read more about :
Apparently Dick Cheney tried to scuttle the North Korea nuke deal because , it seems , he 's a crazy person .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
On Sunday , September 7 , Philadelphians and those from surrounding communities ( including me ) will be celebrating all things green at GreenFest Philly .
The festival coordinators expect about 20,000 people and their reusable water bottles to descend upon the Headhouse Square section of the city located on Second Street between Lombard and South Streets .
The theme for this year ’s festival is water quality .
There will be a Water Quality Symposium where speakers will cover topics such as Residential Water Use and What ’s Happening In Your River ?
( that would be the Delaware River for those unfamiliar with the region ) .
There will also be several short films at the EcoFilm Forum that will cover water topics .
While water is the theme of this year ’s festival there will be much more going on .
200 exhibitors will display their green causes / services / merchandise .
There will be plenty of kids activities and even a Sweet Green Organic Pastry / Dessert Contest .
Oh , YUM !
And much , much more .
I ’m really looking forward to spending the day in the city at GreenFest Philly .
What am I most looking forward to ?
I could be all professional and tell you that it ’s getting information that I can use to report back to you next week .
And I am looking forward to that .
But , if I ’m going to be honest , what I am most looking forward to is the Eco -Exchange Fashion Show and Clothing Swap .
I ’ll be taking a backpack full of clothes to add to the clothing swap and perhaps bring home a few new - to - me items .
If you ’re planning on going to GreenFest Philly , the festival runs from 11 am to 6 pm .
See their website for specific times for events .
Image from GreenFest Philly website .
Read more :
Eco -Craft Hunting at Festivals
Green Musicians and Green ( er ) Music Festivals
Strange Folk Festival 2008
Probably it ’s only in Russia where such well known corporation as Intel uses tanks and young ladies to advertise itself .
Speaking with Valve 's Doug Lombardi earlier this week at E3 , we got onto the topic of the upcoming Xbox Live Arcade version of Portal .
I wanted to know what gamers could expect from the game and why Valve decided to tweak it for the XBLA release .
Advertisement
" It 's about giving gamers more choices , more points of entry to get to the party , open more gates to the theme park as it were , " he said .
" It makes a lot of sense for us .
" The main idea is that this is Portal available as a download , and there is additional content as advanced challenges that will be available to you after you finish the critical path of the game . "
Advertisement
But will we be seeing more of GlaDOS this time around , or perhaps an extended storyline ?
" No , " he said , breaking hearts everywhere .
" That 's for a game to be named later perhaps . "
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
To check out our full interview with Lombardi and hear him pontificate on everything from Left 4 Dead Machinima to Steam as an archive for games hit up the link below .
Left 4 Dead May Get Machinima Maker Post Launch [ Kotaku ]
Apple Crisp with Oat Topping
Rating : Unrated 681
This is the best dessert for the early fall when the sweet and firm apples are just in season .
Use the best quality cinnamon you can get and get it from a spice merchant or even a store where you can get it bulk ; it does make a difference .
Within ten minutes of going in the oven the scent will fill the house and neighbors you loaned things to years ago will return them just to invite themselves in and wonder aloud if there is any left ( Note : there is n't ) .
Optional accompaniments would be caramel sauce , ice cream , and whipped cream .
October 3 , 2008
You 've seen the news .
You know the score .
The House of Representatives has now completed the economic terrorist attack inflicted on the American people by the nation 's elite .
The bailout bill -- or as Arthur Silber more rightly terms it , the " Extortion Bill " -- is already law , thanks to the Democrats in Congress , and to Barack Obama , who spent the day working the phones and twisting arms to make sure the $ 700 billion bonanza for the filthy rich passed without any more of the hiccups that held it up earlier this week .
The plan that Obama made his own -- despite its origins in the poison kitchen of the Bush White House -- is far worse than the version voted down on Monday .
Every reputable economic expert says that the plan is unworkable ; it will not solve the problems at the root of the current economic crisis , but will only make them worse .
It entrenches many of the fraudulent practices that led to the meltdown in the first place , and rewards the perpetrators for their misdeeds with a gargantuan amount of public money , which they can now use to carry on largely as before , albeit with a few new toothless " oversight " mechanisms operated by their own Wall Street cronies , and their bribed - and - bought hirelings on Capitol Hill .
There were many viable , reasonable , eminently centrist alternatives to the radical , plutocratic Bush - Obama scam -- alternatives which would have been politically palatable to a broad spectrum of the electorate .
One of the best ones of this ilk that I 've seen was outlined in the eminently mainstream Washington Post earlier this week by two eminently respectable Yale economists .
( You can find it here . )
There were many other such practical and effective plans offered by reputable experts , any one of which could have gone a long way toward protecting ordinary citizens now exposed by the meltdown , supporting the banks , and stabilizing the markets -- all without effecting one of the largest single redistributions of wealth since the Bolsheviks seized power in Russia in 1917 .
None of these plans were considered or debated or even mentioned , not even for a single moment , by the Democratic leadership in the House and Senate .
Instead , they joined the Republican leadership and the Bush Administration in repeating , over and over , the Big Lie that there was NO OTHER CHOICE but some basic version of the unworkable Bush plan .
The Democrats -- led by Barack Obama -- not only threw a political lifeline to the most despised president in American history ( in the middle of an election year ! ) , they deliberately took ownership of a measure widely rejected by the American public -- a class war weapon of mass destruction whose malign effects will reverberate through American society for years , perhaps generations to come .
Why have they done this ?
Why would they do such a thing ?
Why would they commit such an egregious offense against their own people , when they could have very easily NOT done it , and had the near - unanimous support of the American electorate in standing up to the Bush plan and choosing some other completely mainstream alternative ?
You already know the answer .
It 's because they do not serve the American people .
They serve a very small yet brutally powerful ruling class .
And this elite wanted the Bush - Obama extortion plan , and no other , to make sure their power and privilege were not unduly threatened by the debacle that their own monstrous greed and fraud have made .
II .
Let 's go back to Arthur Silber on this , as we have done so often during the financial crisis .
As always , he goes behind the heated headlines to see the deeper threads of connection knitting the bipartisan economic - domestic Terror War with the bipartisan foreign policy Terror War that is now wrapping the world in flames .
And he traces one of the prime roots of this sinister web : the American elite 's belief that whatever they do to maintain their primacy -- however many people they kill , how much destruction and suffering and degradation they cause , at home and abroad -- it is all reasonable , rational and right ... because they are doing it .
Here is Silber in " Terrorist State , At Home and Abroad . "
[ And again , you should read the whole thing , with the many links that broaden and deepen the scope of the argument . ] .
First , he quotes William Pfaff on the U.S. government 's " aggressive , neverending global interventionism " :
Militarized or otherwise , American policy remains under the influence of an unacknowledged and unjustified utopianism .
This is the unanalyzed background to the work of all Washington 's foreign policy agencies .
It permeates the rhetoric and thinking of Republicans and Democrats alike .
It is the reason Americans can think that history has an ultimate solution , and that the United States is meant to provide it .
Now Silber :
It has long been apparent to an honest observer that " utopianism " of this kind is immensely and unforgivably destructive , just as it is obvious that the belief that one person or one nation has the " ultimate solution " constitutes murderous arrogance of the kind we properly associate with the greatest monsters in history .
One of the most deeply pathetic aspects of the tragedy of Iraq is that not a single element of this belief system has been dislodged in even the smallest degree .
Thus , we continue to hear Obama , along with every other prominent national leader , proclaim : " The American moment has not passed .
The American moment is here .
And like generations before us , we will seize that moment , and begin the world anew . "
Where it matters , on the ground , the American drive to world hegemony translates into brute force used to make others behave in the manner the U.S. government demands .
Such force will often be deployed in the form of economic assistance , but offered only on certain conditions , which therefore more accurately means economic intimidation .
On other occasions , the interference becomes harsher , while it is still kept under wraps to some extent : thus , we have numerous covert operations , sometimes used to engineer the overthrow of duly constituted governments .
When all else fails , military force will be employed openly and with carefully crafted righteous anger .
It will also be cast as a " favor " to the victims , as Silber notes :
... just as the genocide unleashed by the U.S. government in Iraq constituted a benevolent , disinterested gift to more than a million slaughtered Iraqis , and to many more millions made homeless refugees .
" Freedom is n't free , " our viciously stupid propagandists announced to the dead , maimed and displaced Iraqis , neglecting to note that it was beneath our lofty status to inquire whether the gift was desired in the smallest degree , especially when acquired by these methods and with the associated costs .
( This assumes that " freedom " was , in fact , the goal , which of course it was not .
All of this is propaganda , remember . )
The fundamental lesson is unmistakable , and unmistakably evil in intent and execution ( a word made horribly appropriate in more than one sense by our government 's actions ) : you will do exactly as we say -- or else .
Now comes the turn to the domestic scene :
Just as it is not possible for an individual to restrict what constitutes a fundamental psychological methodology to only one area of his life , so a ruling class will not employ one approach in foreign policy while dealing with matters of domestic politics in a radically different manner .
In any case , the U.S. ruling class never had such a desire : in one way or another , other nations would be made to submit to the demands of the U.S. government -- and the same is true for U.S. citizens .
The citizens of America will do exactly as the ruling class demands -- or else .
As far as the ruling class is concerned , you have as little reason to complain as the murdered Iraqis do : the ruling class only wishes to improve your life .
The ruling class acts only on your behalf , and " for your own good . "
You now witness these tactics of intimidation and of the most transparently , viciously manipulative fear - mongering deployed by almost every member of the ruling class in connection with the bailout bill .... I have several other news articles offering comments from other members of the ruling class , and I could easily find many , many more , all to the same general effect : be terrified and do what they say .
Or else .
If you do n't understand the urgency and necessity of doing exactly what they say , you 're just stupid .
In that case , you should obviously turn your life and your money over to your betters .
Let them dispose of all of it as they see fit .
That 's why they 're your rulers , is n't it ?
They know what 's best for you .
... The system is now set up so that when the ruling class is particularly intent upon a certain objective , even your obedience is n't required any longer .
After all , what are you going to do ?
Move to another country ?
Not vote for any of these bastards in November ?
Most Americans wo n't do that .
They protest now ; once the deed is done , they 'll go back to their lives , such as they will be at that point , and devote themselves to making the ruling class more wealthy and more powerful .
To a terrorist government , you 're irrelevant , as irrelevant as a slaughtered five - year - old Iraqi girl .
But they 'll continue to try to scare you to death .
You 're easier to rule that way .
I suggest you get used to it .
This is your future ...
In a later piece , written as the House was passing the bailout , Silber hammered home to the grim implications of the key role played by Barack Obama in its passage .
[ Again , see the original for copious links ] :
First , Obama and the Democrats fully own the extortion bill .
Obama and the Democrats , as much as the Republicans , are nothing but whores for the sickeningly corrupt financial and corporate interests that control the U.S. government .
I 've been pointing this out about Obama for some time .
Furthermore , in their determination to make certain that the ruling class 's affluence and power are maintained with the work , blood and lives of " ordinary " Americans for generations to come , both Republicans and Democrats have turned their terrorist tactics on Americans with close to full force .
All that is missing are the bullets -- but they may not be long in coming as conditions deteriorate .
It should be illuminating ( read : nauseating ) to see most of those who would condemn brutal police state actions when ordered by Republicans watch identical events in total silence -- and in this context , silence means consent -- because a Democrat orders them .
Second , and see an earlier essay for much more on this subject , Obama 's election will ensure the death of significant political opposition in this country for the foreseeable future as much as any single development can ....
To sum up : the triumph of the ruling class , again , the destruction of the present and future for all other Americans , and the annihilation of political opposition , all within a matter of months .
Remember : there were viable alternatives to the Bush - Obama scam .
It did not have to go down this way .
It happened because the bipartisan political elite WANTED it to happen .
And they wanted it to happen because those who have bought and paid for them wanted it to happen .
As the old saying goes , you dance with the one that brung you .
But an even more apt quote , perhaps , is one we have used here many times , referring to the remark that the Emperor Tiberius once made when a groveling Roman Senate gave in once more to his authoritarian dictates : " Men fit to be slaves . "
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The Senate on Friday blocked a $ 56.2 billion economic stimulus package that would have extended unemployment benefits , increased food aid and funded new construction projects to create jobs .
The 52 - 42 vote fell short of the 60 votes needed in the 100 - member Senate for Democrats to clear a Republican procedural hurdle and move toward passage of the bill , which backers said would give the ailing U.S. economy a needed boost .
The House of Representatives plans to consider a slightly different stimulus package as soon as Friday afternoon but chances of any stimulus bill becoming law appear slim as the White House has threatened a veto .
The bill would have kept in place a ban on development of domestic oil shale deposits that expires next week .
The Democratic - controlled Congress passed a $ 168 billion stimulus package in January that relied mostly on tax rebates to spark consumer spending .
While that measure has been credited with contributing to economic growth , consumers have been hurt by rising food and energy prices , a higher unemployment rate and continued home foreclosures .
Democrats said the second attempt would help struggling consumers at a time when Congress is considering an unpopular $ 700 billion Wall Street bailout shortly before the November 4 presidential and congressional elections .
“ What about the honest , hard - working , play - by - the - rule citizens at the bottom of this pyramid left in the ruins after years of mismanagement and outright malpractice by the titans of the financial industry ? ” said Iowa Democratic Sen. Tom Harkin .
Republicans said they did not have time to review the spending measures properly and the White House said the increased spending could lead to higher taxes or deficits .
Some Republicans also objected to a measure that would have kept in place a ban on development of domestic oil shale deposits that expires next week .
Republicans have pressed for more domestic energy production amid high gas prices but many Democrats and environmental groups say oil - shale development requires too much water in western states with scarce water resources .
The bill would have extended unemployment benefits by up to 20 weeks and boosted funding for food stamps by 10 percent .
It would have helped states pay health - care costs and provided low - interest loans for small businesses .
It also included spending for a wide range of other measures , from a new Coast Guard icebreaker to a next - generation spacecraft and upgrades to local sewer systems .
" You are yet to be inducted , " Stephen Colbert asked the Canadian power trio on his show in June .
" Is there any chance that your next album will be titled That ’s Bullsh*t ? "
This article has been reproduced in a new format and may be missing content or contain faulty links .
Contact wiredlabs@wired.com to report an issue .
A fair , and hilarious , question , and one with legs .
In honor of Listening Post ’s recent Rush tangent , I decided to ask my contact at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in Cleveland if the institution would field some questions on the matter .
They agreed , so here I am , Rush fans and haters , asking for your help .
If you could ask the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame about a Rush candidacy , what would you ask ?
Tell us below and we ’ll sift through the queries and lob the best three at Cleveland and see what comes up .
And just because you do n’t like the band does n’t mean you ’re not invited .
We ’re taking questions from either side of the Rush divide .
A question like " Will you please never induct the band ? " can win out over " When will you induct the band ? " given enough volume and momentum .
But Listening
Post would like to play its part in settling this beef between Colbert , Rush and the Hall of Fame .
After all , we all love rock .
Ca n’t we just get along ?
The theme of the first presidential debate on Friday night was set to be foreign policy and national security .
However , with the current economy on everyone ’s mind , the discussion delved fairly deeply into the economic crisis and possible solutions .
And despite Jim Lehrer ’s work to keep the discussion away from energy and the environment , Sen. Barack Obama made some connections between economic revitalization and rebuilding our energy infrastructure .
In that particular exchange , Senator Obama raised the issue of McCain ’s questionable support for renewable energy :
“ Over 26 years , Sen. McCain voted 23 times against alternative energy like solar , and wind , and biodiesel .
We gotta walk walk the walk and not just talk the talk when it comes to energy independence . ”
McCain replied with a sneer that was the first of many such gestures throughout the night and said , “ No one from Arizona is against solar . ”
When Obama pushed even further on McCain ’s questionable support for renewables , the Republican Senator replied , “ I have voted for alternate fuel all of my time and no one can be opposed to alternate energy ! ”
Watch it :
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/v/dVhSQ8apV0E&hl=en&fs=1]
Throughout this campaign , McCain has been claiming that he is Mr. Renewable Energy , but the Senator ’s record says something completely different .
I understand that it can be demanding work – being the star in a busy presidential campaign – but when renewable energy tax credits come up for a vote in the Senate , Senator McCain ca n’t even be bothered to show !
And that has been the case even when he is already in town and his vote would be the deciding one .
For the Senator to come out and perpetrate such misinformation with his “ Of course I support , ” and his “ No one is against ” claims is more than a little disingenuous , it is a boldface lie .
A lie he has repeated so many times now , he must be starting to believe in it himself .
Daniel Craig Injured His Face on Quantum of Solace Set
is the sexiest and hottest 007 to ever hit the big screen , in our humble opinion .
The 40 year old actor suffered an accident in June while filming his latest blockbuster , Quantum of Solace .
Filming was actually halted while Craig hooked up with an excellent plastic surgeon to deal with the results of an ill placed kick by one of his co-stars .
He actually severed the tip of a finger and suffered a gash on his face that required eight stitches .
Craig has also undergone shoulder surgery during his down time between wrapping the film and it's release in November .
That issue was not related to his accident but rather a nagging problem that needed to be dealt with .
He is now wearing a sling on his arm that has been seen in recent photographs while he has been making the rounds in publicity appearances .
You can catch him on Jay Leno next week .
He will appear on The Tonight Show on October 17 .
Check out our photo gallery below .
Photos : WENN
Are you missing that special someone ?
To let him or her know you really care , nothing says ' I love you ' like a lab report showing your corticotropin - releasing factor levels are elevated .
A paper published in Neuropsychopharmacology notes that evidence suggests social bonds have a positive impact on health and buffer against stressors .
Absence or sudden disruption of those bonds can lead to anxiety - like and depressive - like disorders .
" Thus , " the authors say , " understanding the neurobiological consequences of partner loss , particularly with respect to increased susceptibility to depression , may be informative for developing strategies for coping with the loss of a loved one .
" The hypothesis is that chronic CRF upregulation is important in the pathogenesis of these disorders .
Reduced anxiety / depressive - like behaviors have been shown after blocking CRF receptors in rats as well as mice lacking CRF receptors .
Other studies have shown that social isolation itself affects passive stress - coping behavior , but what about the loss of a bonded partner ?
To examine the consequences of the disruption of a pair bond on the CRF system , Bosch et al .
measured passive stress - coping as an indicator of anxiety / depressive - like behavior in male prairie voles ( Microtus ochrogaster ) following a three to five day separation from a female partner or a male sibling .
I had no idea what a prairie voleis , and why it was a suitable animal model for human relationship .
The Smithsonian has a thorough section on the vole - apparently , voles are in the same family and order as rats , mice and lemmings .
Hmm , using a male prairie vole , which is related to rats and lemmings , to predict male human behavior ?
Really , the jokes just tell themselves .
( My personal favorite : the Beach vole , also known as Microtus breweri .
Why can't I be named after a brewery ?
I suppose you could count the Breman , Germany - based Brauerei Beck & Co , maker of Beck 's beer .
Which I do . )
Anyway , the prairie vole is unique among mammals , and even among voles themselves - they appear to be monogamous , forming enduring and selective pair bonds .
Ok , I 'll buy that .
Heck , humans have enough trouble doing that , so why not prairie voles ?
Even better , if you switch the v and l in vole , you get love .
Aww .
Male voles were paired with either unfamiliar females or male siblings .
Apparently twenty - four hour co-habitation with a female , even without mating , is " sufficient for the induction of a partner preference , which is a laboratory proxy for pair - bond formation . "
After five days , half of the voles of each group were separated .
The authors conducted five experiments ( see a nifty little summary graphic here ) .
The first tested passive stress - coping behavior via the forced swim test .
Passive stress - coping behavior is reflected as the amount of time the animal spends inactive - i.e. floating or immobile .
The time spent floating differed among groups ( p=0.004 ) .
Males separated from a female partner displayed significantly more floating behavior than males remaining with their female partner , and males that either remained with or were isolated from their sibling partner .
( See graphic here . )
In another experiment , the authors found that basal plasma corticosterone levels significantly differed among groups ( p=0.04 ) .
Males separated from female partners had higher corticosterone levels than males that remained with the female partner ( p< 0.05 ) , while in the sibling groups no differences were found .
( More fun graphics here . )
Ok , so male voles showed some stress - coping behavior and had higher CRF levels when separated from their female partners .
What if you block the CRF system - will that alleviate symptoms ?
The authors continuously infused a non-selective CRF - R antagonist , d- phe - CRF , beginning on the day of isolation .
There were significant differences among groups in the forced swim test ( p=0.004 ) and the tail suspension test ( indicative of anxiety , p=0.0002 ) .
The antagonist - treated males separated from their partners showed reduced floating and immobility relative to vehicle controls , but there was no effect in antagonist - treated males who were not separated from their partners .
( And yet another graphic here .) Two caveats are important to consider when reading the article : " First , it is important to note that the present study does not differentiate the effects of pair bond disruption in general vs loss of a potential sexual partner .
...
A second caveat is that the males in the paired group cohabitated with the females for several days longer than the males in the separated group .
"
The results indicate , the authors say , that the CRF system may compliment reinforcing effects of other neuropeptide systems ( e.g. , oxytocin and vasopressin ) , which are thought to be critical to pair - bond formation .
When CRF levels are elevated due to the loss of a mate , aversive emotional states - anxiety / depressive - like behaviors - are manifest .
These behaviors can be blocked with CRF -R antagonists .
( Interestingly , the authors note , there is growing evidence supporting use of CRF - R1 antagonists as antidepressants . )
Ergo , the prairie vole model provides important insights into the psychopathological consequences of partner loss , with implications for bereavement in humans .
Next time I go on a business trip , I 'll tell my significant other to avoid swimming or tail suspension .
The president of the San Francisco chapter of the Hells Angels Motorcycle Club was shot and killed Tuesday night on a Mission District street , police said Wednesday .
Mark " Papa " Guardado , 45 , was shot at 10:30 p.m. Tuesday near 24th Street and Treat Avenue , about a mile from the group 's clubhouse where he lived .
He died at San Francisco General Hospital .
Witnesses told investigators that Guardado and the gunman struggled before the shooting .
" They had a wrestling match first , " said Lt. Mike Stasko of the San Francisco police homicide detail .
Then " the guy shot him , and he got on his motorcycle and left . "
Police have made no arrests , but said one avenue they are exploring was that Guardado was fighting with a rival in another motorcycle group .
" We 're looking at all the options , " Stasko said .
An attorney who was defending Guardado in a battery case in Sonoma County said that he was " absolutely devastated " by the killing and that " Mark was a wonderful human being . "
" His friends loved him , " said the attorney , Patrick Ciocca .
" He really was an all - around good guy .
There are hundreds , if not thousands , of people who are going to miss him dearly . "
Members of the Hells Angels at the group 's clubhouse on Tennessee Street in the Dogpatch neighborhood of San Francisco declined to talk about the killing .
At the street corner where Guardado was shot , across from a bar and a nail salon , there was a makeshift memorial where someone had written in large , black letters , " RIP Papa Frisco . "
Nearby , others wrote " never forget " and " we will always love you . "
Five burned - out candles lay nearby .
Ciocca was unable to say how long Guardado had headed the local chapter .
But he stressed that the Hells Angels had been unfairly harassed over the years by authorities who have raided the clubhouse in search of evidence that the group is a criminal enterprise .
" It 's outlandish , " Ciocca said .
The group 's San Francisco chapter - or " Frisco , " as its members call it - is the second - oldest Hells Angels club in the country , after Fontana in San Bernardino County .
In 2004 , it celebrated its 50th anniversary with a party that attracted about a thousand bikers from around the world .
The Hells Angels have long feuded with another motorcycle group , the Mongols .
In 2002 , a brawl between dozens of members of the two groups in a Laughlin , Nev. , casino resulted in the deaths of three bikers and 13 injuries .
Sonoma County beating
Guardado had an assault conviction in Massachusetts and served prison time there in the 1990s , but had no significant criminal record in California .
When he died , however , he was facing charges in Sonoma County stemming from a beating outside a bar in Petaluma earlier this year .
Police said the incident happened Feb. 10 at McNear 's Saloon & Dining House .
Guardado bumped a bar patron , who was not a member of a motorcycle gang .
The patron fled the bar , authorities said .
Once outside , the victim was surrounded , beaten and kicked by several other alleged members of the Hells Angels , prosecutors said .
Guardado started the attack for no reason , said Sgt. Jim Stephenson of the Petaluma police street crimes unit .
" We can't determine any motive - it was just what they do , " Stephenson said .
" It 's just intimidation . "
Guardado was charged with battery in furtherance of a street gang .
Jonathan Nelson , 31 , vice president of the Sonoma County chapter of the Hells Angels , was charged with felony battery in the incident .
S.F. clubhouse raid
In July , federal and local authorities raided the Hells Angels ' clubhouse in San Francisco , and Guardado was arrested on suspicion of possessing illegal mushrooms .
Ciocca said authorities had been looking for evidence to support the premise that the Hells Angels was a criminal organization .
They seized documents and some posters , but nothing that backed their suspicions , he said .
" They found nothing , at all , to further the idea that they were a criminal street gang , " Ciocca said .
" They were turning it into the crime of the century - it 's ridiculous . "
Attorneys for Guardado and Nelson had filed a joint motion in the Sonoma County case in which they asserted that the Hells Angels organization was not a street gang .
They were challenging a court ruling that barred the defendants from wearing Hells Angels attire to court hearings .
A judge ultimately barred the defendants and onlookers from wearing any Hells Angels jackets or clothing in court , but did not rule on the issue of whether the organization constituted a street gang .
' Extremely dangerous '
Guardado " was an extremely dangerous gang member , " said Victoria Shanahan , the Sonoma County prosecutor in the Petaluma case .
" I find it interesting the fact that they were arguing they are not gang members , but this appears to be a gang - motivated killing . "
Ciocca said that his client had a " warm heart and an outgoing personality " and that he last spoke to him two weeks before his death .
" We are disappointed that he will not have a chance to clear his name , " he said .
Engineers from NASA and Pratt & Whitney Rocketdyne successfully completed a series of hot - fire altitude tests using liquid methane on the RS - 18 engine , which was last used to lift astronauts off the moon 's surface 36 years ago and was originally flown with storable hypergolic propellants during the Apollo moon missions .
The tests , conducted at White Sands test facility in New Mexico , are part of the technology development for NASA 's Constellation program , and gathered important data on ignition , performance measurement , and rapid start and stop .
The RS - 18 engine has been modified to burn liquid oxygen and liquid methane , providing increased safety and performance to future space vehicles .
RS - 28 Apollo Lunar Ascent Module Engine .
Credit : Boeing / Rocketdyne
" We 're extremely proud to be part of this history - making milestone , " said Terry Lorier , RS - 18 program manager , Pratt & Whitney Rocketdyne .
" It 's tremendously gratifying to know our engine technology is being tested for the NASA Constellation Program .
We literally pulled an engine off the museum shelf and were the first to prove that liquid methane could be used on hardware previously rated for storable propellants . "
The cryogenic propellant - fueled RS - 18 engine was modified under NASA 's Exploration Technology Development Program ( ETDP ) , which develops new technologies that will enable NASA to conduct future human exploration missions while reducing mission risk and cost .
ETDP 's Propulsion and Cryogenic Advanced Development Project , is developing rocket engine and propulsion technologies for future missions to the moon , Mars and beyond .
These propulsion systems would have higher performance than current storable propellant systems and may have the potential to use reactants mined from lunar and Martian environments .
The recent liquid methane tests on the RS - 18 demonstrated reliable ignition over a wide range of mixture ratios in vacuum conditions ; obtained performance data , chamber pressure data , combustion efficiency and chemical kinetics effects , and combustion stability data ; demonstrated rapid engine start and shutdown ; and measured specific impulse .
Billions in earmarks in Senate 's bailout bill
Protesters perform a skit mocking the economic bailout plan in front of the Capitol building in Washington October 2 , 2008 .
The House is expected to vote Friday on the $ 700 billion financial rescue plan which was passed by the Senate last night .
REUTERS / Kevin Lamarque ( UNITED STATES ) less Protesters perform a skit mocking the economic bailout plan in front of the Capitol building in Washington October 2 , 2008 .
The House is expected to vote Friday on the $ 700 billion financial rescue plan which ... more Photo : Kevin Lamarque , Reuters Photo : Kevin Lamarque , Reuters Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Billions in earmarks in Senate 's bailout bill 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
While crafting a bill intended to rescue the U.S. economy this week , lawmakers could n't stop themselves from adding billions of dollars in tax breaks that have little to do with restoring confidence in financial markets .
Senators quietly tucked a number of earmarks into the tax package of the 451 - page bill that was passed Wednesday night and is expected to be put to a vote in the House today : a $ 2 million tax benefit for makers of wooden arrows for children ; a $ 100 million tax break to benefit auto racetrack owners ; $ 192 million in rebates on excise taxes for the Puerto Rican and Virgin Islands rum industry ; $ 148 million in tax relief for U.S. wool fabric producers ; and a $ 49 million tax benefit for fishermen and other plaintiffs who sued over the 1989 tanker Exxon Valdez spill .
Many of the tax breaks were put in place years ago and were set to expire .
But their inclusion is complicating efforts in the House to pass an economic rescue plan ; an earlier attempt failed Monday .
Several House Republicans railed on Thursday against the pork - packed bailout bill .
" One thing we did n't appreciate in the Senate 's action was that they decided that this bill should become Christmas in October , " said Steven LaTourette , R - Ohio .
" We just do n't think ( the earmarks ) should be in this piece of legislation . "
The tax earmarks were scarcely noticed during the Senate debate over a bill that featured a $ 700 billion bailout package and a $ 112 billion tax package , including the renewal of popular tax breaks for businesses and renewable energy projects and a one - year effort to shield at least 20 million Americans from paying the alternative minimum tax .
Broad support
The bill was approved easily , 74 - 25 , winning support even from lawmakers who have crusaded against earmarks - including Arizona Sen .
John McCain , the Republican Party 's presidential nominee , who warned last week that he might oppose a bailout bill if it included more pork - barrel spending .
" It is completely unacceptable for any kind of earmarks to be included in this bill , " he said in a speech in Freeland , Mich .
" It would be outrageous for legislators and lobbyists to pack this rescue plan with taxpayer money for favored companies .
This simply cannot happen . "
On MSNBC's " Morning Joe " program Thursday , McCain was pressed on why he voted for a plan that included earmarks that he strongly opposed .
He said he had to support the bill because the country is " on the brink of economic disaster . "
" There were plenty of other bills that I fought against , voted against " because of pork , McCain said .
The tax earmarks were championed by both sides of the aisle .
Western lawmakers , especially Sens. Ron Wyden , D - Ore. , and Larry Craig , R - Idaho , backed an expansion of a program that helps pay for rural schools .
Lawmakers from states with no income tax backed an extension of a program that allows residents in states including Texas , Nevada , Florida , Washington and Wyoming to deduct the sales tax they pay over a year from their federal taxes , a provision that costs the Treasury $ 3.3 billion over two years .
Benefit for film producers
Even Hollywood got something out of the Senate bill : renewal of a tax incentive worth nearly $ 48 million a year for film and TV producers who produce their work in the United States .
The earmarks are not exactly new .
They were passed by the Senate on Sept. 23 on a 92 - 3 vote ( McCain and his Democratic rival , Barack Obama , were absent ) for a tax package costing more than $ 100 billion .
House Democratic leaders opposed the Senate 's tax plan because it was n't fully paid for and will add to the federal deficit .
Steve Ellis , vice president of Taxpayers for Common Sense , the congressional watchdog group that tracked the earmarks in the bill , said Senate leaders had two main objectives in strapping the tax package to the financial bailout plan .
" One is they 're hoping this will turn a few votes , that people who support some of these provisions will forget about the $ 700 billion and concerns they may have on that , and say , ' If you give me a few million in tax breaks for my constituents , I 'll go along , ' " Ellis said .
" The second reason is that this is your standard , run - of - the - mill , end - of - year politics .
You take a piece of must - pass legislation , you cram whatever you want in there and you dare the House to oppose it .
It 's really a pretty cynical maneuver . "
The tactic might have helped pass the plan in the Senate , but it 's making life tougher for House leaders .
The House narrowly defeated the bailout plan 228-205 Monday , and lawmakers now must flip at least 12 votes to change the outcome .
House Blue Dogs are complaining about the costs of the tax package .
Republicans are unhappy at what they see as an attempt to sneak pork into the bill .
Rep. David Hobson , R - Ohio , voted for the bill but said he 's now undecided .
" I hope other people who voted yes may be reconsidering where they are when they get the outrage of the pork barrel projects , " he said .
Measured optimism
But leaders of both parties said Thursday they are cautiously optimistic the measure will pass .
Several lawmakers indicated they were ready to switch from " no " to " yes " votes , including Republican Reps .
Ileana Ros-Lehtinen of Florida and Zach Wamp of Tennessee .
Rep. Roy Blunt , R - Mo. , the GOP 's top vote - counter , predicted the measure would pass .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said she wo n't put the financial rescue bill on the floor unless it 's clear it will pass , hoping to avoid a repeat of Monday 's embarrassment , when the bill failed a day after party leaders had announced a deal .
But she added , " I 'm optimistic that we will take a bill to the floor . "
Yes , you read that title correctly .
There are so many reasons John McCain should n’t be president .
Put this one near the top of the list .
Via Paul Krugman :
OK , a correspondent directs me to John McCain ’s article , Better Health Care at Lower Cost for Every American [ It ’s a pdf ] in the Sept. / Oct. issue of Contingencies , the magazine of the American Academy of Actuaries .
You might want to be seated before reading this .
Here ’s what McCain has to say about the wonders of market - based health reform Opening up the health insurance market to more vigorous nationwide competition , as we have done over the last decade in banking , would provide more choices of innovative products less burdened by the worst excesses of state - based regulation .
Okay .
Our financial system was on the verge of collapse because there was not enough oversight and regulation .
That ’s the kind of health care system John McCain wants for you .
John McCain does n’t understand how the nation ’s private health insurance system — or does n’t understand how it works for most of us .
He gets government run health care , which serves him well .
Richard Kirsch , from Health Care for America Now ( HCA ) , issued this statement about McCain ’s health care plan yesterday — shortly before we knew McCain wanted the system to be run like the banking system .
But , even before that , we knew that McCain was just plain wrong about health care :
McCain ’s health care plan is a sham .
But he would n’t understand that because he does n’t have to navigate the independent , unregulated , bureaucratic insurance market .
See , Senator McCain enjoys the government health care he keeps attacking .
He has coverage through the Veterans Administration , which is government run , socialized medicine .
He ’s covered under the Federal Employees Health Benefit System , which is government paid for , regulated private insurance .
And as a senior citizen , Senator McCain is eligible for Medicare which is government health insurance .
All these allow McCain to “ see [ his ] doctor fairly frequently ” as he told reporters in March .
And yet he believes none of these solutions are right for the rest of America , many of whom ca n’t afford to see their doctor at all .
If McCain wants the health insurance system to be like the banking system , he wants a government takeover .
Sample Demodokos ' song about Ares and Aphrodite : Od. 8 , 267-366 : Real Player MP3
File ( Just the beginning of the song : Od. 8 , 267-299 , 2.4 MB ) WAV - File ( Just the very first lines : Od. 8 , 267-273 , 811KB )
Top of the page Bibliography M. L. West ,
The singing of Homer and the modes of early Greek music , Journal of Hellenic Studies 101 ( 1981 ) , 113-129 .
[ General considerations ; the tuning of the phorminx ( but see : Ancient Greek Music , Oxford 1992 , 328 ) .
The given melodies do not conform to our theory . ]
, The singing of Homer and the modes of early Greek music , Journal of Hellenic Studies 101 ( 1981 ) , 113-129 .
[ General considerations ; the tuning of the phorminx ( but see : Ancient Greek Music , Oxford 1992 , 328 ) .
The given melodies do not conform to our theory . ]
G. Danek , ' Singing Homer ' .
Überlegungen zu Sprechintonation und Epengesang , Wiener Humanistische Blätter 31 ( 1989 ) , 1 - 15 .
[ General considerations .
The given melodies do not conform to our theory . ]
, ' Singing Homer ' .
Überlegungen zu Sprechintonation und Epengesang , Wiener Humanistische Blätter 31 ( 1989 ) , 1 - 15 .
[ General considerations .
The given melodies do not conform to our theory . ]
S. Hagel , Zu den Konstituenten des griechischen Hexameters , Wiener Studien 107/108 ( 1994 ) , 77-108 .
[ Statistics , general melodic contours ]
, Zu den Konstituenten des griechischen Hexameters , Wiener Studien 107/108 ( 1994 ) , 77-108 .
[ Statistics , general melodic contours ]
A. M. Devine / L. D. Stephens , The Prosody of Greek Speech , New York / Oxford 1994 .
[ Indispensable for everyone interested in Ancient Greek accent ]
, The Prosody of Greek Speech , New York / Oxford 1994 .
[ Indispensable for everyone interested in ] G. Danek / S. Hagel , Homer - Singen , Wiener Humanistische Blätter ( 1995 ) , 5 - 20 . [
The novice 's first guide ]
, Homer - Singen , Wiener Humanistische Blätter ( 1995 ) , 5 - 20 . [ ]
S. Hagel / G. Danek , Computergestützte Hexameter - Hexametersingender Computer , SIMA 2 1996 111-122 . [ Technical background ]
, Computergestützte Hexameter - Hexametersingender Computer , SIMA 2 1996 111-122 . [ Technical background ]
G. Danek / S. Hagel , Das Geheimnis der Lieder Homers - mit dem Computer entschlüsselt , Kremser Humanistische Blätter 3 1999 , 47 - 55 .
Top of the page Homeric Singing - Abstract Epic performance was originally sung , in Ancient Greece ( Demodokos ! ) as well as in many other traditions .
The Greek aoidoi sang ro the accompaniment of the lyre ( phorminx ) .
, in Ancient Greece ( Demodokos ! ) as well as in many other traditions .
The Greek sang ro the accompaniment of the lyre ( ) .
The performance of Ancient Greek verse , as heard today , which involves the so called ictus that overrides the word accents , is far removed from ancient pronunciation in several respects .
that overrides the word accents , is far removed from ancient pronunciation in several respects .
Ancient Greek had a pitch accent , that is , the accent was expressed by means of pitch contour , not of stress .
, that is , the accent was expressed by means of pitch contour , not of stress .
Extant settings of ancient music show that in traditional non-strophic poetry the melody followed the accentual contours .
.
Thus , the melodies of early Greek hexameter poetry are not unlikely to have been governed by word accent and sentence intonation .
There is statistical proof that end - accented words are avoided at caesura , but favored at metrical bridges .
The melody of the ' typical ' hexameter fell at the middle caesura as well as at the end of the verse .
The ' typical ' melodic contour consisted of a double , sometimes triple rise and fall .
that end - accented words are avoided at caesura , but favored at metrical bridges .
The melody of the ' typical ' hexameter fell at the middle caesura as well as at the end of the verse .
The consisted of a double , sometimes triple rise and fall .
Less common verses have deviant melodic contours .
E.g. , in cases of strong enjambement , when the sentence lacks completion at verse end , we encounter a rising contour in the last third of the verse which lacks its completion by a melodic fall .
Sentence and melodic trajectory are completed in the next verse .
, when the sentence lacks completion at verse end , we encounter a rising contour in the last third of the verse which lacks its completion by a melodic fall .
Sentence and melodic trajectory are completed in the next verse .
These results give rise to a technique of Homeric performance which can be acquired .
The performer has to accommodate the accentual rises and falls of the individual words of each verse to the melodic contour which results from syntactical and metrical features .
With some training , anyone who is able to read Homer can learn to improvise the melody to any given Homeric text .
which can be acquired .
The performer has to accommodate the accentual rises and falls of the individual words of each verse to the melodic contour which results from syntactical and metrical features .
With some training , anyone who is able to read Homer can learn to to any given Homeric text .
Individual accents produce smaller deviations from the overall melody ( as in the extant musical documents ) .
Each ( major ) accent may be realized by a rise to the accented syllable , but must be followed by a melodic fall .
In the case of circumflex syllables , the post - accentual fall may be realized on the second part of the accented syllable , resulting in a two - note ' melisma ' .
The gravis accent forces the melody to rise without any downtrend up until the next accented syllable .
produce smaller deviations from the overall melody ( as in the extant musical documents ) .
Each ( major ) accent may be realized by a rise to the accented syllable , but must be followed by a melodic fall .
In the case of circumflex syllables , the post - accentual fall may be realized on the second part of the accented syllable , resulting in a two - note ' melisma ' .
The gravis accent forces the melody to rise without any downtrend up until the next accented syllable .
Greek hexameter poetry is stichic .
Enjambement should not by expressed by shortening or skipping the pause / instrumental interlude between the verses , but only by means of melody .
On the other hand , pauses within the verse are incompatible with Greek versification .
Top of the page
Blind singer
Cretan geometric bronze figurine
Malibu
Having an earache is a real drag .
Having a child with an earache is even more challenging .
It can mean sleepless nights and irritable days for all of you .
An ear infection is one possible cause of that ache , but even if it is n’t an infection , a buildup of wax or dirt in the ear can still be extremely uncomfortable .
And flying on a plane or driving to a higher altitude can bring on an earache pretty quickly .
When it happens , it does n’t matter whether it ’s an inner ear or outer ear infection , impacted ear wax , or an allergy response .
You just want relief .
The doctor may see you during office hours , but it seems like earaches tend to appear in the middle of the night .
What do you do at 2 AM ?
Here ’s a list of natural remedies that you might have in your home right now :
14 Natural Remedies for Earaches
Irrigate the ear with astringent herbs – Simmer 1/ 4 cup of dried comfrey leaves and 1 /4 cup dried witch hazel leaves in 2 cups of water for 5 minutes .
Let it cool , strain the mixture , and irrigate the ear with an ear bulb ( ear syringe ) by leaning over the sink with the sore ear down and gently flooding the ear with the solution .
Do not squeeze the bulb forcefully .
Repeat four times a day .
Irrigate the ear with healing herbs – Simmer 1/ 4 cup dried mullein leaves , 1/ 4 cup echinacea root , and 1 /4 cup dried comfrey leaves in 2 cups of water for 5 minutes .
Cool , strain , and irrigate the ear as above four times a day .
Alternate herb mixtures as desired .
Irrigate the sinuses with a neti pot – A warm salt water solution will help with sinus and ear pressure .
Use warm garlic oil drops in the ear – Heat 1 / 4 cup olive oil just until warm .
Add 2 or 3 cloves of crushed or pressed garlic to the oil , let sit for fifteen to thirty minutes , then strain .
Lay on your side with the affected ear up , and pour in a small amount of warm garlic oil .
Leave the oil in the ear for at least 10 minutes ( longer is better ) , repeating the process three to four times per day .
Use warm clove oil drops in the ear – Use a tablespoon of crushed cloves in place of the garlic , as above .
Use ginger and sesame oil drops in the ear – Grate a tablespoon of fresh ginger root into 1 / 4 cup warm sesame oil , prepare as with garlic oil .
Apply warm poultices to the ear – A washcloth dipped in hot water and placed over the ear and side of the neck relieves acute pain .
Keep dipping the cloth into hot water and replacing when cool .
One folk remedy says to chop 1 / 2 cup of onion and add it to the hot water before applying .
Place an ice pack on the ear – Alternate cold with the hot poultices .
Apply for a shorter time than the hot .
Lavender or tea tree oil –
Put two or three drops onto a cotton ball and place in outer ear , leaving it as long as is comfortable .
Do not push the cotton ball into the ear canal .
Apply lavender oil externally behind and below the ear .
Gargle with salt water – Add 1 / 4 teaspoon salt to a cup of warm water , stir until dissolved , and gargle until all of the solution is gone .
Repeat three to four times per day .
Take a hot bath
Try an ear candle – Ask for directions at a natural foods store or herbalist Stand on your head –
This helps to ease some ear and sinus issues and helps with drainage of the Eustachian tubes .
Treat the inside of your body – Support the immune system with echinacea , osha , or your favorite herb taken internally .
Drink plenty of water and fresh fruit juice , cut out sweets and any possible allergens ( wheat , dairy , soy , etc. ) from your diet .
Take some extra vitamin C .
Do you have a favorite earache remedy ?
Leave a comment !
More natural remedies :
Image : thomasbrodbeck at Flickr under Creative Commons
Digital music stores have long offered tracks on a song - by - song basis or as albums but while these have experienced strong growth they are not making up for the fall in physical CD sales , indicating that many listeners are choosing to obtain their music for free from illegal download sites .
Record labels hope that subscription music services - by locking customers in and offering convenient access to unlimited tracks - will convince people to shun illegal sources and provide them with a recurring income source .
Music retailer Sanity launched a subscription - based digital music store last month and , early next year , Nokia will launch its Comes With Music initiative in Australia , which bundles a one - year unlimited subscription to the Nokia Music Store with certain Nokia phone models .
The only way to renew the subscription is to buy a new Nokia Comes With Music phone but , unlike Vodafone 's MusicStation , users will be able to keep songs once the subscription ends .
Apple , the biggest digital music seller , is in talks with record labels to offer its own unlimited subscription service via iTunes , the Financial Times reported this year .
Vodafone Australia 's head of Live ! services , Karen Paterson , said the MusicStation subscription store would operate in parallel to Vodafone 's existing music store , which allows people to buy songs permanently on a track - by - track basis .
" What people might do is discover new tracks through the MusicStation offering and , if they like the song , they might go and buy the physical CD or go into Vodafone Live !
and get the full track [ forever ] , " she said .
Paterson said the unlimited track offering allowed customers to discover a far wider range of music as they did not have to worry about paying a fee for each individual song .
MusicStation is powered by Omnifone , which provides the service to mobile carriers around the world including Germany , Greece , Hong Kong , Britain , New Zealand Spain and Singapore .
" The phone is the one thing apart from your wallet and your keys that you look for when you walk out the door , and what we 're starting to see is consumers are coming to expect that their mobile phone can do these sorts of things , " Omnifone 's managing director for APAC , David Loiterton , said .
" We 're not trying to knock off iTunes ; we 're complementing iTunes . "
The subscription store gives Vodafone a distinct advantage over its competitors .
Telstra
Next G customers can buy individual songs from BigPond Music directly via their mobiles , while Optus offers a mediocre music store powered by MTV that provides access to just 6000 songs from the mobile .
Last month , Sanity unveiled Australia 's first music subscription store , LoadIt , offering users the ability to download 300 tracks a month - from a total catalogue of 1 million songs - for a $ 29 monthly fee .
However the store , which was the centrepiece of the Australian launch of Windows Vista , has been widely criticised for being a year and a half late and bundled with Windows Media digital rights management ( DRM ) locks .
The use of Windows Media DRM means songs purchased from the store cannot be played on iPods .
Nokia 's Music Store , which will compete with Vodafone MusicStation , was unveiled in April but is also bundled with Windows Media DRM .
Vodafone said the MusicStation application was available exclusively to Vodafone customers and could be downloaded free from Vodafone Live !
Customers can get a one - week trial free from Vodafone but so far the service is compatible with only nine handsets : LG KU990 Viewty , Nokia 6121 classic , Nokia E65 , Nokia N73 , Nokia N95 8GB , Sony Ericsson C902 , Sony Ericsson W880i , Sony Ericsson W890i and the Nokia 6210 Navigator .
Tracks are stored on the phone 's memory but cannot be accessed once the subscription ends .
If a customer changes his or her handset the music , playlists and preferences are automatically restored .
$ 5,000 worth of make - up on one man ?
I ’m pretty sure that ’s the kind of thing that can get you kicked out the military .
But in all fairness , I ’m sure it takes a lot of rouge to hide the Republican cheek bones .
So how much will John McCain ’s dress cost Friday night ?
Minnesota democrat hopes to inspire a few laughs .
Franken helps craft McCain ' SNL ' skit
Al Franken , the former " Saturday Night Live " star now running in a high - profile Senate race in Minnesota , helped craft the opening sketch mocking John McCain that kicked off the NBC comedy show Saturday , according to two well - placed sources inside the network .
Franken , who has n’t been a staff writer on the show for 13 years , “ phoned in ” a spoof of McCain recording campaign ads in an edit booth , said an NBC source .
Seth Meyers , the show ’s current head writer , wrote it , but the sketch was hatched by Franken , a longtime liberal satirist and comedian .
Advertisement
An SNL insider said that , as of the Wednesday script read - through , Franken was the “ credited writer with Meyers ” on the opening sketch .
Show veteran Darrell Hammond is to play McCain .
Franken ’s input to the show blindsided his campaign staff , who have been forced to explain away some of the more crass and profane parts of his past writing and acting that have been used as fodder against him in a state known for its polite manners .
A spokeswoman for Franken , Colleen Murray , first said the Democratic Senate candidate “ did n’t write anything for SNL tonight . ”
But pressed if he was involved in the show or had been in contact with staff members , Murray admitted Franken had a role in Saturday 's program .
“ Al has been friends with Lorne Michaels for over 30 years , and Lorne thought Al ’s personal experience was funny enough for a SNL skit , ” Murray said in a statement , referring to the show ’s executive producer and creator .
“ Sure , Al keeps in touch with old friends but unless the skit is about non-ferrous mining on Minnesota ’s Iron Range , Al ’s not in the business of developing skits anymore . ”
A Franken campaign aide said the candidate had been taping an ad earlier in the week and had wondered out loud how McCain could include the disclaimer candidates are required to include in their commercials —
“ I ’m John McCain , and I approved this message ” — when his spots were so “ over the top . ”
Later that day , Franken talked to Michaels about topics unrelated to the show and mentioned his thought but did not suggest a sketch .
However , Michaels talked to Meyers about Franken ’s idea and the current writer , believing there was a funny sketch there , called his predecessor and they discussed it further .
Meyers then wrote it up .
Franken ’s campaign sought to downplay the conversations , noting that the idea grew out of a discussion between old friends and that Franken had not been pitching an idea .
And a source close to the show said it was not uncommon for past " Saturday Night Live " stars to suggest ideas to current writers and cast members .
But word that the network ’s signature comedy show has allowed a liberal Democrat Senate candidate to shape content mocking the Republican presidential nominee may fuel sentiment that the network is sympathetic to the left .
Told of Franken ’s role in Saturday 's show , a spokesman for Sen .
Norm Coleman ’s campaign said it was ironic that the Democrat had a hand in spoofing negative campaigning .
“ Angry Al has run one of the nastiest , most negative attack campaigns in Minnesota history , ” said Coleman spokesman Luke Friedrich .
“ Angry Al complaining about someone else ’s campaign ads is about as funny as ' Saturday Night Live ' will get this year . ”
Franken 's campaign was damaged earlier this summer when Republicans unearthed a racy Playboy article and even more when it was revealed that in 1995 , his last year on the program , Franken had joked about rape while crafting one of the show ’s skits .
Faced with a groundswell of criticism , Franken distanced himself from his past work as a comedian .
In June , he apologized for some of his more controversial comedy routines when he accepted his party ’s endorsement .
“ For 35 years I was a writer .
I wrote a lot of jokes .
Some of them were n’t funny .
Some of them were n’t appropriate .
Some of them were downright offensive .
I understand that .
And I understand that the people of Minnesota deserve a senator who wo n’t say things that will make you feel uncomfortable , ” Franken said in his nomination speech .
Since then , Franken has sought to refocus the race on Coleman and the incumbent ’s ties to President Bush .
But Republicans have continued to use Franken ’s past words against him .
Coleman has recently begun airing a tough television ad showing the comedian using variations of four - letter words , bleeped out , and portraying him as angry and unstable .
Franken has relied heavily on his show business connections to help fund his race .
He ’s raised more money from California than any other state ( including Minnesota ) , fueled by support from deep - pocketed Hollywood donors .
He has received campaign donations from a host of famous actors including Tom Hanks , Candice Bergen , Paul Newman , Meg Ryan , Robin Williams , Steve Martin and Kevin Kline .
All told , Franken has raised over $ 523,000 from contributors connected to Hollywood in the movie and music industries .
Aside from exposing Franken 's campaign to further questions about the seriousness of his commitment to public office , his role in the skit also leaves the NBC network vulnerable to criticism about the propriety of allowing a partisan candidate for high federal office to craft a segment mocking a presidential candidate of the opposing party .
Franken and his wife , Frances , have both maxed out as donors to the campaign of Democratic presidential nominee Barack Obama .
If nothing else , the timing of Franken 's involvement is inopportune for the broadcast network , coming just weeks after delegates at the Republican National Convention chanted " NBC " in response to a line in GOP vice presidential nominee Sarah Palin 's acceptance speech criticizing the media .
Conservatives have come to view NBC in the way they did CNN — once derided as the “ Clinton News Network ” — for many years .
Republican enmity has been mostly aimed at the network ’s politically oriented cable station , MSNBC , and particularly liberal - leaning hosts Keith Olbermann and Chris Matthews .
But word that the network ’s signature comedy show has allowed a liberal Democrat Senate candidate to shape content mocking the Republican presidential nominee may fuel sentiment that the network is sympathetic to the left , even if the treatment of McCain is relatively gentle .
" Saturday Night Live " has a long history of political comedy , with presidential election spoofs providing some of the show ’s most memorable moments .
And , to be sure , over its 33 years , writers on the show have been equal opportunity satirists , gleefully mocking Republican and Democratic politicians alike .
McCain , Obama and Hillary Rodham Clinton have all made cameos on the show this year , and the year ’s most high - impact sketch may have been the one mocking reporters for going easy on the Illinois senator at the expense of Clinton .
And SNL executive producer and creator Lorne Michaels has a long history of donating to political candidates and various PACs on both sides of the aisle as well as independents .
Michaels has also been a longtime supporter of Sen.
John McCain 's various political campaigns , donating $ 1,000 to him in the 2000 presidential primaries , $ 1,000 to his 2004 Senate reelection bid , a similar sum to his Straight Talk America PAC in 2006 and the maximum $ 2,300 to his presidential campaign this year .
When asked about his support for McCain last week by Politico , Michaels said he has also donated to Obama , although that donation has not been listed on the most recent available donor statements .
Michaels also made a $ 2,300 donation to the Franken campaign in March .
Representatives for Obama declined to comment on Franken ’s hand in mocking their rival .
The McCain campaign also declined to comment .
Politico's Jeffrey Ressner contributed to this report .
This article tagged under : 2010
Politics
Palin Calling for an End to Investigation She Requested Her Attorney General is also making new objections to investigation .
Sept. 17 , 2008  -- GOP vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin shifted her tactics for the second time in three weeks on the " Troopergate " investigation , this time calling to end the very investigation that she herself called for and the one the McCain campaign had said was the only proper venue for a probe .
Palin's Attorney General , who initially launched an internal probe into Palin , even before the legislature began theirs , is now asking the legislators to withdraw their subpoenas of Palin aides and Palin 's husband .
When the Alaska Legislature 's Legislative Council , a Republican - dominated panel of 14 legislators which conducts business when the Legislature is out session , voted to investigate the firing of former Public Safety Commissioner Walter Monegan in July , Palin pledged her full support .
But almost immediately after joining the GOP ticket , Palin 's Troopergate strategy veered sharply .
Despite her earlier vows of full cooperation with the probe , she declared it unlawful .
The legislature lacked the authority to investigate the matter , she said .
Instead , it should be handled by the state personnel board , Palin asserted -- a panel which is under her authority .
Palin promptly filed an ethics complaint against herself , prompting the panel to begin its own probe .
" GOVERNOR PALIN CALLS FOR FORMAL REVIEW OF REPLACEMENT OF COMMISSIONER MONEGAN , " headlined the Sept. 2 press statement released by her lawyer 's office announcing the move .
" I. . . look forward to the Personnel Board 's investigation , " Palin 's statement read .
But on Monday , Palin shifted tactics again : Her attorney , Thomas V. Van Flein moved to stop that panel 's efforts , saying the governor 's lawyers had reviewed all the evidence and saw no grounds for any investigation .
In his filing , Van Flein argued there was " no probable cause " for such an investigation .
McCain - Palin campaign spokesman Taylor Griffin said the move was not a flip - flop .
" The filing on the 15th was the mechanism to provide evidence to the personnel board investigation , which they will now have to consider .
The governor is cooperating fully with the unbiased , nonpartisan investigation by the personnel board , " said Griffin .
He said he expected they will gather evidence themselves .
Now , Alaska Attorney General Talis Colberg has sent a letter asking legislators to withdraw the subpoenas they had approved for 10 state employees .
In his letter , Colberg wrote that the employees would only testify unless the full state Senate or Legislature voted to compel their testimony .
Colberg launched his own internal administration probe before the legislature began its own -- and before Palin moved onto the Republican ticket .
Critics reportedly criticized Colberg 's probe saying it was an effort to tamper with witnesses before the state 's investigator reached out to them .
Colberg did not immediately respond to a request for comment .
Colberg owes his position to Palin , who handpicked him to the position in 2006 and appointed him successor to the lieutenant governor last year .
Before his nomination as state attorney general , Colberg was unknown on the state level , having no experience in criminal or oil and gas law .
He was a former member of the Matanuska - Susitna Borough Assembly who was considering a job as director of the Alaska State Fair Board at the time of his appointment , according to press reports at the time .
Click Here for the Investigative Homepage .
The infamous exploding whale incident of 1970 sounds like an urban legend , internet hoax or at least an isolated incident – it is n’t any of these .
In addition to that particular ( intentionally detonated ) whale other spontaneous whale explosions have been documented since .
And whales are n’t the only animals to explode intentionally , accidentally or naturally : there have been mass unexplained explosions of toads , cases of ants that self - detonate as a defense mechanism and even instances of humans exploding , both dead and alive , not to mention unfortunate dogs and bats forced into service during wartime as suicide sappers .
In 1970 a dead sperm whale on a beach in Oregon was blown up with dynamite in an attempt to get rid of the decomposing corpse .
Part of the organic debris landing on and destroyed the roof of a nearby car .
The entire incident was caught on film and numerous onlookers were covered with whale particles .
In 2004 a dead whale being transported on a truck spontaneously exploded due to internal pressures and built - up methane gasses within the body .
These incidents have been widely documented , reported and even spoofed by such periodicals as The Onion .
( Images via Vestal Design and Randy Emmitt )
In 2005 reports began to come in that hundreds , possibly thousands , of toads were exploding in Hamburg , Germany .
While it was not entirely clear what the causes were it was strongly suspected that the frogs , once attacked by birds , were puffing up to defend themselves – only to burst in the process .
Another theory is that the toads were self - selecting to reduce their own populations or that they had contracted some kind of virus .
At least one species of ant is known to use self - detonation as a defense mechanism , explosively spraying its opponents with poison as it violently perishes .
( Images via National Archives and Wikipedia )
Now , humans exploding is a relatively rare phenomenon but it has been known to happen .
King William the First exploded violently after a delay in his burial allowed for advanced decay before he could be entombed .
More recently a number of divers died due to the explosive decompression of their diving chamber .
One of the unfortunate victims violently exploded , which you can read about in gruesome detail if you wish .
( Image via Wikipedia )
Animals have also been intentionally sent into harm ’s way during wartime to damange enemy equiptment and inflict casualities .
Examples include dogs in China being strapped with incindiary devices to burn down enemy camps and dogs in World War II being trained to seek out and detonate upon contact with enemy tanks .
Bats were also trained to infiltrate Japanese buildings , roost and subsequently explode .
Steve Watson , Infowars.net — Dennis Kucinich spoke exclusively to the Alex Jones show yesterday concerning his effort to bring articles of impeachment against the president and the vice president .
Meanwhile , staffers of the chairman of the Judiciary Committee have reportedly told witnesses that Kucinich ’s informal impeachment hearing this Friday may be under threat of dismissal before it is even underway .
The Congressman urged listeners to engage in discussions on the issue of impeachment and demand media coverage of the hearing to help increase awareness and protect the country from tyranny .
“ The best defense of a country is an informed citizenry , so people should read the articles , and if there is anything I missed in the 35 articles then I ’d be happy to hear from people . ”
Kucinich told listeners .
This Friday Congressman Kucinich will present the articles to the judiciary committee and talk about why he believes they should move to a formal hearing , and take testimony under oath of both the George W. Bush and Dick Cheney .
“ I think it ’s really important for the American people to know once and for all if in fact there were deliberate lies told that took this country into war . ”
Kucinich commented .
“ I ’m going to be putting on the table , something which everyone said was off the table , articles of impeachment . ”
However , in the hours after Kucinich ’s comments , news began to circulate that chairman of the Judiciary Committee John Conyers is now taking the position that no one at the hearing can accuse Bush or Cheney of any crime , any impeachable offense , dishonorable conduct , or even lying .
Conyers ’ staffers have reportedly told various witnesses that according to Congressional rules he would be forced to shut down the hearing if any such accusations are made .
David Swanson of the activist website afterdowningstreet.org has more :
" Apparently the rules of Congress are designed to allow impeachable offenses to be discussed only in impeachment hearings .
Apparently this did n't occur to Chairman Conyers when he decided to hold a non-impeachment impeachment hearing .
As a result , his hearing may be quickly shut down , and he will have a choice of holding a real impeachment hearing , resigning , or dropping the pretense that he intends to resist Cheney and Bush in any way whatsoever . " 
It is still unclear whether or not these rules will apply to Dennis Kucinich in addition to all other witnesses during the session .
In this sense the hearing may be rigged to be shut down before it has even begun .
( Article continues below )
Congressman Kucinich offered the following important advice to listeners on what they can do to help his effort :
“ There are a lot of things your listeners can do .
Get on the phone and demand that the media cover this judiciary committee hearing on Friday .
It ’s not as if the media exists in a vacuum .
They exist because people watch them or listen to them . ”
Kucinich also warned listeners to the nationally syndicated radio show that he believes an attack on Iran is imminent :
“ All the signs that we are seeing would point to that .
I really get chills because I realise the danger that our country is in right now .
Not only are we in one one based on manufactured representations , but we are headed towards another . ” the Congressman stated .
He alluded to the period between the election and the inauguration of the president as the period to keep an eye on for a possible attack :
“ We know that there are people in Israel who are pushing it , we also know that there are people within the US government who are pushing it and we have to push back in the cause of peace and justice . ”
“ This is about our Constitution , this is about whether we stay a Republic and whether or not we have principles that are bedrock principles that protect our Freedoms .
You cannot stay a free nation if a government will go to war based on lies and will raise the budgets of military until there is n’t room for anything else . ” the Congressman concluded .
View the articles of impeachment and sign the petition at http://kucinich.us/
The hearing is scheduled for 10 am on Friday .
Call local and national media and demand they cover the hearing .
Original Article
Enlarge Handout Thousands of marijuana plants were seized last month in the Dixie National Forest in Utah , pictured here .
Ignacio Rodriguez has been charged with drug and immigration offenses in connection with that bust , according to the DEA .
CHICAGO  Mexican drug cartels are stepping up marijuana cultivation in national parks and on other public land , endangering visitors and damaging the environment , law enforcement and National Park Service officials say .
John Walters , director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy , says 75 % - 80 % of marijuana grown outdoors is on state or federal land .
The Drug Enforcement Administration ( DEA ) says there were more than 4.8 million marijuana - plant seizures at outdoor sites in 2006 .
Tighter border controls make it harder to smuggle marijuana into the USA , so more Mexican drug networks are growing crops here , Walters says .
" We are finding more marijuana gardens in the park year after year , " says Jim Milestone , superintendent of Whiskeytown National Recreation Area in Northern California .
" We 're dealing with some bad characters , " Milestone says .
" We are arresting people … who have criminal records in Mexico , and almost all of them are here illegally with false papers . "
The number of marijuana plants confiscated on public land in California grew from 40 % to 75 % of total seizures between 2001 - 2007 , says the state 's Campaign Against Marijuana Planting task force .
Hunting and cleaning up after pot growers diverts resources at a time when parks face chronic funding shortfalls , says Laine Hendricks of the non-profit National Parks Conservation Association .
Recent busts : • A site with 16,742 marijuana plants was raided last month in North Cascades National Park in Washington state .
It was operated by a Mexican organization , says park Superintendent Chip Jenkins .
People living at the site downed trees , dammed creeks and left 1,000 pounds of trash , he says .
•
Thousands of marijuana plants were seized last month in Utah 's Dixie National Forest .
Ignacio Rodriguez was charged with drug and immigration offenses , says Michael Root , a DEA special agent .
The problem is worst on the West Coast , but law - enforcement pressure on growers , Root says , " has pushed them out this way . " •
Last month , officials burned thousands of marijuana plants seized in Cook County , Ill. , forest preserves .
Drug organizations use the Chicago area as a base for distributing marijuana across the Midwest , says DEA special agent Joanna Zoltay .
•
In July and August , officials seized more than 340,000 plants , some from Sequoia National Forest and Kings Canyon and Sequoia national parks .
Ranger Alexandra Picavet says Mexican cartels are responsible for many sites in those parks .
They leave behind car batteries and propane tanks and poach deer and birds , she says .
Visitors to wilderness areas are at risk , says Shasta County , Calif. , Sheriff Tom Bosenko .
" We have found marijuana within a half - mile of public beaches and very short distances from campgrounds and highways , " he says .
" It 's a shame . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
ST . PAUL , Minn. , Sept. 2 ( UPI ) -- Amy Goodman , the host of Pacifica Radio's " Democracy Now ! , " has been arrested while covering protests at the Republican National Convention in St. Paul , Minn .
Goodman and two producers were arrested Monday , The Washington Post reported .
Goodman was held for about three hours before being released but the producers were still in custody Monday night , the newspaper said .
Advertisement
Goodman , 51 , the best - selling author of " The Exception to the Rulers , " said she was on the convention floor interviewing delegates when she got word that producers Sharif Abdel Kouddous and Nicole Salazar had been arrested .
She said when she got to the scene of the protest , she was arrested as well .
" ( Police ) seriously manhandled me and handcuffed my hands behind my back .
The top ID ( at the convention ) is to get on the floor and the Secret Service ripped that off me .
I had my ' Democracy Now ! '
ID too .
I was clearly a reporter . "
St. Paul police arrested 284 people Monday in reported incidents of violence and road obstruction by a few demonstrators in what the Star Tribune newspaper in Minneapolis said was an otherwise peaceful crowd estimated at 10,000 .
St. Paul Mayor Chris Coleman said police exercised restraint but an observer for the National Lawyers Guild , Gina Berglund , said the police action was " completely out of proportion . "
DEWEY BEACH , Delaware ( CNN ) -- Although Democratic vice presidential candidate Joe Biden routinely mocks his Republican counterpart , Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , for her onetime support of the infamous " Bridge to Nowhere , " Biden and his running mate voted to keep the project alive twice .
Both Biden and Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama voted to kill a Senate amendment that would have diverted federal funding for the bridge to repair a Louisiana span badly damaged by Hurricane Katrina , Senate records show .
And both voted for the final transportation bill that included the $ 223 million earmark for the Alaska project .
An amendment offered by Sen . Tom Coburn , R - Oklahoma , would have stripped the money appropriated to connect the Alaskan coastal city of Ketchikan to its airport on sparsely populated Gravina Island and diverted the money to Louisiana .
But Biden and Obama and 80 of their colleagues rejected the measure , an amendment to a massive 2005 transportation bill that funded thousands of projects across the country .
Watch how Biden has blasted Palin »
" That is probably the most disturbing element of this and the campaigning on the Bridge to Nowhere , " said Bill Allison of the Sunlight Foundation , a taxpayer watchdog group .
" Because , yes , they had a chance to vote specifically against the Bridge to Nowhere in Alaska to redirect the money to people , to bridges and infrastructure damaged by Hurricane Katrina going in to New Orleans , and they chose not to . "
The final version passed the Senate 93 - 1 . Republican presidential candidate John McCain , who has made his opposition to congressional " pork - barrel " spending a cornerstone of his campaign , did not vote on either the Coburn amendment or the final bill .
Palin , whom McCain chose as his running mate in August , has regaled crowds at the Republican convention and on the campaign trail with her declaration of " Thanks , but no thanks " for the bridge .
But her conversion came after she became Alaska 's governor in 2006 and after the bridge became a national symbol of congressional waste .
The record shows that she supported the bridge as a gubernatorial candidate , and Democrats have seized on the flip - flop , perhaps no one with as much relish as Biden .
" I got also a bridge I got to sell you here , and guess what , it 's in Alaska , and it goes nowhere , " Biden mocked Palin on the campaign trail last week in Maumee , Ohio .
And in Canton , Ohio , he tied it to McCain .
" If you look at it John McCain 's answers for the economy , and we 're in such desperate shape , is the ultimate bridge to nowhere .
It 's nowhere , " Biden said .
" It takes you nowhere . "
But while the applause line appealed to the Democratic faithful , it could come back to bite the Delaware senator .
This year , Delaware has requested 116 congressional earmarks through Biden , its longtime senator , at a cost to taxpayers of $ 342 million .
In an appearance on CNN's " American Morning " with anchor John Roberts , Biden said that he had been open about those requests and that they all can be justified .
" Everyone has seen them , and we have no Lawrence Welk Museums and have no bridges to nowhere in Delaware .
It 's all straight up , " Biden said .
Among his requests : $ 1 million for renovation of an opera house in Wilmington , another million for the construction of a children 's museum and thousands of dollars for a water park renovation in Lewes .
" I think opera patrons generally can afford to -- you can raise money for an opera house ; you can refurbish things a lot of different ways , " Allison said .
" To have federal taxpaying dollars -- which is coming from people all over the country ; low - income , middle - income people , as well as the wealthy -- to go to pay for the renovation of something that is really a luxury for Wilmington ...
There are far more vital projects that anyone could think of that needs money .
You got health care .
You got education .
You got all other types of things .
Instead , we are redirecting money to refurbish an opera house in Wilmington or to build a children 's museum . "
And Biden 's request includes a bridge that even the head of the Rehoboth Beach - Dewey Beach Chamber of Commerce says is not crucial at this juncture .
The Indian River Inlet Bridge is a vital link between two popular beachfront towns : Dewey and Bethany .
Without it , the estimated 30,000 summer visitors would have to travel an additional 35 minutes to get to the towns .
" We need a new bridge , and we are fortunate to be at a place where it is finally going to happen , " said Carol Everhart , the chief of the Chamber of Commerce .
The existing bridge has some erosion problems , and if it ever collapsed , Everhart said , it would cause an economic disaster in the community .
But it 's safe for now .
" The bridge , as it is , is perfectly safe , " she said .
Still , Biden asked for $ 13 million to help shore up the existing bridge and begin construction of a new one .
And that 's what troubles the Sunlight Foundation 's Allison .
" This bridge is not in any danger of collapse , and essentially what Sen .
Biden is doing is saying , ' My state bridge gets the priority dollar even though it is not a priority project , ' " Allison said .
He said the Department of Transportation , rather than U.S. senators , should be deciding which bridges get priority funding in the country .
That way , the bridges in the U.S. that need immediate repair would be first in line for the dollars needed to do the work .
As he embarked on his presidential bid in 2007 , Obama said he would no longer ask for earmark projects .
McCain , who has been a longtime critic of the process , does not seek any for his home state of Arizona .
CNN asked Biden 's campaign whether it could ask the senator about his earmark requests and his votes on the Bridge to Nowhere .
In response , a staffer e-mailed , " You 've interviewed Gov. Palin re : her completely made up position on the Bridge to Nowhere right ? "
CNN 's Marcus Hooper contributed to this report .
All About Sarah Palin • Alaska • U.S. Presidential Election
Breakdown Approaches Climax By Jim Willie CB
Oct 2 2008 9:35 AM www.GoldenJackass.com
Pardon the brief and jumpy style , laced with more emotion than usual .
The events of the last few days have been remarkable , alarming , chaotic , and surreal .
Gonna attend the Toronto gold show hosted by the Cambridge House this weekend .
If you are there , grab my arm and say hello .
Let me know your perspective on the brewing crisis .
HEART ATTACKS & BANK HOLIDAYS
The banking system breakdown is very far along , but still early .
Remember USFed Chairman Bernanke stated over a year ago that the mortgage problem was contained .
Try not to laugh .
The bond crisis is absolute , broad , deep , and all - inclusive , enough to kill the USTreasurys after it kills the US banking system .
The heart attack signals are with the LIBOR spreads over USTreasurys , the money market , the TED spread ( Treasury versus EuroDollar ) , and short - term USTreasurys .
Charts resemble heart attacks and EKG electro - cardiogram monitors .
Many details appear in the October Hat Trick Letter report just posted .
The bank runs have begun in earnest .
Nevermind the big banks for a moment .
The smaller ones are entering seizures .
The small and medium sized cities are also entering seizures .
Here are two stories , one about a city and another about the bank holiday coming .
This from a friend in Seattle : “ I was talking to my neighbor last night .
He is in finance in the county government , King County ( Seattle ) .
He said there are some very secretive budget talks being held , very hush , hush .
Apparently , the county has lost around $ 200 million of taxpayer money in toxic paper investments , with huge implications on the budget .
He says he is not privy to the details , but he is taking a 10 - day vacation starting today , because he has nothing to do since everything is in flux . ”
This from a friend in Atlanta with strong banking connections : “ Reliable word that Bank of America branch managers just received a letter or memo from the USFed instructing them to perhaps be ready for a one - week universal shut - down of the banking system , including access to checking accounts , savings accounts and credit cards .
Reliable word has it that BofA bank branches received a shipment of signs last week , reading “ WE'RE SORRY , BUT DUE TO CIRCUMSTANCES BEYOND OUR CONTROL , WE CANNOT BE OPEN AT THIS TIME . ”
So the banks are in need of a respite , a break , a holiday .
They need to shore up their positions .
Economists and bankers avoid revealing the consequences of extended absence of short - term credit supply .
Imagine all the supply chain DELIVERY routes being interrupted for lack of short - term credit , certain to interrupt the supply of food , gasoline , building materials , basic household wares , simple hardware , and more .
The short - term credit would certainly also disrupt payroll streams for companies , inventory supply for retail chains , durable goods purchases by consumers ( like washing machines & refrigerators ) , the maintenance of basic machinery ( like cars , trucks , computer , communications ) , even cash dispensed at ATMachines .
BAILOUT BILL PASSAGE
The Senate passed the Wall Street bailout bill , by a 3:1 majority .
Some sweeteners like tax cuts and raising the limit to $ 250 k on individual accounts for bank depositors helped .
Some people might think that finally the banking system can at last receive some meaningful fixes .
Call me a killjoy , but this will accomplish next to nothing as a banking system remedy .
It is more a paper seal to Wall Street corruption than to ANY solution .
If passed by the House , as is likely , it puts an epitaph on the American badge of legitimacy .
A decade of fraud has been underwritten , sanctioned , and sealed .
Even foreigners might smile at the new & improved bill .
Their impaired bonds can participate in the redemption process .
The only trouble is they might have to accept hot shiny USTreasury Bonds in return , of certain questionable value .
Still the bill must be viewed as a giant paper net to catch a giant locomotive train , one that derailed and then went over the mountainside cliff 500 meters above and is hurtling downward with acceleration .
Gravity is a bitch , and so is momentum !
One should not doubt for a second that it will do much to halt the downward trajectory .
One should remember that debt solutions accomplish nothing in providing remedy for debt abuse and damage inflicted by broken debt contraptions .
Nothing is fixed , only accounts have been shifted and names have been changed .
THE BANKING SYSTEM PROCEEDS ALONG ITS OWN CLEARLY DEFINED PATHOGENESIS , with great momentum and power , which no human devices can interrupt .
The next shock will be why the bill has not fixed the banking system as Mini-Fuhrer Paulson claimed it would .
The other next shock is why Wall Street will need another $ 700 billion within a year .
The other other next shock is how much the AIG and Fannie Mae “ INVESTMENTS ” a la nationalization will each cost the USGovt conglomerate an unexpected extra $ trillion .
The bailout yesterday enables Wall Street executives to retire more comfortably , even as some seek asylum or face exile .
The irony of the lifted depositor insurance is that big financial conglomerates can now raid the private accounts worth over $ 100 k now , with government coverage in the bankruptcy courts .
The October Hat Trick Letter contains some multi-sided evidence of USFed open license to use subsidiary accounts toward the aid of liquidity strains .
What constantly leaves me shaking my head is how intelligent people continue to attribute fair spirited motives to the system , when it resembles a crime syndicate more each year .
The reason why it resembles one is that it IS a crime syndicate operating under the USGovt roof .
There are three crime syndicates operating under the USGovt roof , the others identified in the report this month .
Each has had a profound financial effect on the nation , as in killing its host .
One can make a fine balanced and credible argument that the Fannie Mae bailout package represented an aggregate parallel of the simple Trenton New Jersey home loan fraud .
The parallels are argued , with conclusion being the USGovt bailout was tantamount to abandonment by the mafia gangsters , who walked away from the $ 250 k loan on the $ 50 crack house dilapidated property .
Parallels are disturbing , as Wall Street and USGovt players fill out the example carried to the aggregate .
The other Fannie Mae fraud is the simple bond certificate counterfeit , just plain paper printing without bother of Wall Street involvement .
That fraud helped to run up the total Fannie Mae fraud past the $ 1 trillion mark .
Given the sleazy guys who ran Fannie Mae , and all the protection run for it by politicians averse to reform , the fraud was quite easy .
Who would want to question a shiny Fannie bond , a device which powered the great housing boom ?
FDIC AS NEW I - BANK RAIDER A new role seems to have come to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp .
They are the newest brokers on Wall Street , the new investment bankers , raiders true to the name .
They do not protect depositors any more than Christopher Cox at the SEC protects stock investors .
The FDIC has minimal funds , most likely co-mingled with the USTreasury anyway , just like the Social Security Trust Fund .
The measly $ 45 billion lying around in the FDIC fund would not cover more than one or two decent sized banks , or one Washington Mutual or one Wachovia .
So what does Sheila Bair do in response ?
She defends Wall Street , avoids liquidation by dead banks , and steers them to the JPMorgan chop shop and slaughterhouse .
A great arbitrage results , as JPMorgan obtains bond assets for nothing , and can sell them to a stupid captive customer , us taxpayers .
In doing so , several things happen : JPMorgan obtains the entire corporate asset kit & kaboodle for next to nothing deposits are used to help the JPM asset ratios bond assets can be sold to the USGovt bailout fund senior bond holders for the dead banks are screwed , receiving a pittance dangerous credit derivatives are placed in the JPM Garbage Can the Wall Street Consolidation Plan continues .
The Big 3 Banks are JPMorgan , Citigroup , and Bank of America .
Just how on earth can Citigroup even consider acquiring Wachovia ?
Buy it with what ?
Citigroup is insolvent .
That does not stop the Wall Street firms from spreading their cancer .
Besides , King Cox has a plan , to remove ‘ Mark to Market ’ asset accounting rules .
Poof !
The US banks are solvent again .
Only trouble is they become Walking Zombies .
Couple this desperate policy change with short stock restrictions , and the Third World Finances label fits even better , from lack of credibility .
The new Wall Street I - Bank is on the scene .
The modern FDIC might make Michael Milken proud , the junk bond king from Drexel Burnham .
By the way , he only served two of his ten years in prison .
Wall Street does have its privilege .
The Wall Street investment bank model is dead & buried , with the door slamming shut by Goldman Sachs changing its coat to read bank holding company .
The group likely to initiate lawsuits is the senior bond holders to the broken banks .
They should have entered an orderly procedure led by the FDIC .
They face ruin when they should salvage something .
The FDIC sets up banks to be raped .
The label of pimp is too generous and connotes too much respect .
To think that Sheila Bair at the FDIC is being praised for her leadership lately is enough to make a bond holder vomit .
These mergers are nothing but disguised ‘ Chop Shop ’ rapes .
At least the FDIC receives fees .
JPMorgan donated $ 1.9 billion to the FDIC cause .
By the time the dust clears after the locomotive crashes , three giant hollow monoliths were be standing , a tribute to Manhattan , in the Big 3 Banks .
Their glass and aluminum fittings might be in much better shape than the World Trade Center though .
It is doubtful that they possess any gold bullion in basement vaults .
Let ’s hope the third of these buildings does not suffer a structural sympathy , only to collapse .
LOOMING TIME BOMBS
Clearly they are AIG with its raft of Credit Default Swaps , and Fannie Mae with its raft of mortgages and their bonds .
Fannie also has a scad of Interest Rate Swaps .
As explained in past Hat Trick Letter reports , the quarterly bills payable to JMPorgan and Goldman Sachs might be considerable on these swaps .
The USGovt swallowed two really big ugly hairy hungry tapeworms , that will possibly each cost an extra $ 1 trillion in unplanned expenses .
Actually , my guess is the figure might be conservative .
A year ago , when clowns like Bernanke and harlots on Wall Street were estimating the entire mortgage fiasco would result in $ 100 to $ 200 billion losses , my figure was $ 1.5 to $ 2.0 trillion .
As the time bombs go off , they will do so in dribs & drabs , actually giant dribs & giant drabs .
The costs will take esteemed senators in the august body of the USCongress off guard .
An interesting thought came to me tonight as the Senate Bailout Bill was written .
Actually , more sinister than interesting .
The Fannie bill , the AIG bill , and the Wall Street omnibus bill might have been greased by private bribes .
Imagine the hefty $ 138 billion paid to JPMorgan by the USFed , ostensibly from counterfeit Dept of Treasury hotmoney , during the Lehman Brothers failure and confusion , approved by Bankruptcy Court judge James Peck in Manhattan , all executed in pre-dawn during the weekend .
Sorry , wanted to paint the background accurately but succinctly .
If the 74 senators were each given $ 2 million in a basic traditional bribe , located safely in a Cayman Island account , then the total cost to JPMorgan would only be $ 148 million , in the neighborhood of 1 part in 1000 on that disgusting under - the - table handout of $ 138 billion .
It makes good business sense in a day and age when rules mean nothing , when preserving the system is paramount , especially when BS bylines can be spouted about helping the common man .
RUN ON BANKS , RUN ON BONDS
Those talking perpetual campaign managers known as USCongressional members , they like to talk about “ the fact of the matter ” a lot , as thought they have some innate ability to recognize facts .
Here are some facts .
A broad and deep run is occurring on US banks , small , medium , large .
Banks rely upon deposits and bank equity ( stocks and bonds ) to supply themselves with capital .
The bank runs strip banks from their ability to continue operations , at a time when their stocks have cratered .
Stock price declines of over 70 % and 80 % are common , the norm , not the exception .
Insolvency plus illiquidity means bankruptcy , without benefit of time extensions .
As Meredith Whitney ( the intrepid bank analyst from Oppenheimer ) said in a recent interview , “ There are a ton of regional banks that also face a similar predicament . ”
She correctly forecasted much bank distress , and expects a flood of FDIC activity to deal with failing banks .
Europeans have also lost respect for the US financial leadership , public statements having been made by the German Finance Minister Peer Steinbrueck to the effect that the United States has lost its geopolitical leadership mantle .
A powerful reversal in investment flow endangers the US bond markets .
Private flow of money resulted in the movement of $ 92.9 billion out of the US in July , after $ 46.8 billion entered the nation in June .
A profound new trend is in place , whereby the three major continents of North America , Europe , and Asia are bringing home money .
With a US budget deficit easily eclipsing the $ 1 trillion mark this coming year , demands for USTreasury sales will be left wanting , as USTBonds will be left on the table .
The money printing machines will be the main recourse , as US $ monetary inflation will enter at least one and maybe two new gears in higher usage .
THE RISK LIES WITH HIGHER USTBOND YIELDS OFFERED , OR LOWER USDOLLAR EXCHANGE RATES FORCED .
Either way , foreign US $ - based bondholders face big losses .
The nationalization demands will quickly force the issue of USTreasury Bond default .
Bear in mind that now 52.7 % of USTreasury debt is held by foreigners , and that proportion is fast rising .
At yearend 2007 , a hefty $ 9.4 trillion in US $ - based securities were in foreign hands , as in liquid assets , easily divested .
Risk to foreigner reserve accounts grows .
They recognize their risk of becoming bagholders of greatly damaged debt paper .
Amidst this pressure and isolation , the US Federal Reserve might simply resign its contractor position with the USCongress .
After all , their balance sheet is decimated .
It is not unlimited .
It does have creditors .
The gold price will respond , as the USDollar faces a trashing .
On the other side of this storm , characterized paradoxically as a USDollar rally at a time of truly devastated fundamentals , the USDollar will get trashed .
To this end , a shocking admission came from New York City mayor Michael Bloomberg .
He is a bit of a maverick , speaking his mind .
He actually stated , “ The next cause for concern in the battered US economy is whether there will be buyers abroad for the nation ’s billions in debt . ”
USDOLLAR AT RISK , USFED RATE CUTS SOON ◄
The USDollar is at extreme high risk .
Since its bounce in July , behavior is erratic , volatile , and fully dependent upon central banks and market rule changes .
The US $ money supply had been steadily growing at a 15 % growth rate , give or take .
Expect it to surpass 20 % soon , and the US $ to reflect the debased currency from a flood of supply .
The United States will be the first nation to cut interest rates , from desperation financially and economically .
Other nations will eventually follow , but not right away .
The effect few talk about regarding the mammoth nationalization and bailouts underway is the powerful jump in price inflation , along with currency debasement .
Both are inevitable , sure to lift the gold price in powerful steps .
The isolation of the US in geopolitical circles , the utter shock at failed leadership witnessed the world over , the widely perceived national bankruptcy will translate into shunned USTreasury auctions and outright divestment of US $ - based assets .
The only buyers will be central banks .
The USDollar is at very very very high risk of serious declines , exactly like the US stock markets .
A trump factor has entered the room .
THE USDOLLAR & GOLD WILL SOON RESPOND TO THE FAILURE OF THE US FINANCIAL SYSTEM , WHICH COULD QUICKLY RESULT IN NATIONAL EMERGENCY , BANK HOLIDAY CLOSURES , AND TOTAL FRUSTRATION BY BANK LEADERS , AS NOTHING SUCCEEDS .
The Wall Street bailout bill fixes nothing in bank system structure and integrity and function , as problems remain intact tragically .
The United States controls the world reserve currency in the USDollar .
In Hat Trick
This late summer , my analysis stated that gold must make a difficult transition from an anti-US $ trade to a hedge against monetary inflation , a hedge against realized price inflation , and a hedge against geopolitical risk , even a national US banking collapse .
Some movement has been made on the transition from the tunnel vision anti-US$ trade .
One should keep focus on how the US official lending rate at 2.0 % is more than 3 % below the current suppressed Consumer Price Inflation rate .
So money is actually free for those who can access that rate .
The USDollar increasingly is being defended by market interference mechanisms of the worst and most egregiously shameful order , such as : restrictions to short financial stocks , even though they are insolvent and more illiquid by the week , calls to eliminate ‘ Mark to Market ’ accounting of bank assets , and the trusty Plunge Protection Team devices used to prop up stocks , bonds , and the US $ itself .
The major currencies are all at risk actually .
One contact with international connections recently wrote me , “ The US $ will drop to 2.00 against the EUR not before long .
And then the EUR will crash shortly thereafter . ”
Many fine analysts expect the USDollar to suffer a severe markdown as the recent US nationalizations and bailouts are fully digested .
Their forecasts would coincide with the notion that the USTreasury Bond suffers a severe market interruption like a suspension or possible default , but then later the euro is victimized by new global gold - backed currencies .
This is a very possible scenario .
THE HAT TRICK LETTER PROFITS IN THE CURRENT CRISIS .
Jim Willie CB
Editor of the " HAT TRICK LETTER "
Hat Trick Letter **** Jim Willie CB is a statistical analyst in marketing research and retail forecasting .
He holds a PhD in Statistics .
His career has stretched over 24 years .
He aspires to thrive in the financial editor world , unencumbered by the limitations of economic credentials .
Visit his free website to find articles from topflight authors at www.GoldenJackass.com .
For personal questions about subscriptions , contact him at JimWillieCB@aol.com
Exhaust fumes contribute to particulate pollution
Air pollution from traffic hinders the heart 's ability to conduct electrical signals , a study has suggested .
Exposure to small particulates - tiny chemicals caused by burning fossil fuels - caused worrying changes on the heart traces of 48 heart patients .
Particulate pollution is already known to increase heart attack risk .
The Circulation study appears to back this up and the heart trace changes seen were characteristic of poor oxygen supply to the heart .
The electrocardiograms of the 48 patients studied , who had recently been hospitalised for heart attack , unstable angina or worsening symptoms of coronary heart disease , showed unusual changes called ST - segment depression .
The pollution levels in this study were not even that high yet they are still seeing changes
Professor David Newby , Edinburgh University Patients recovering from heart attacks had the greatest changes in pollution - related ST - segment depression over the course of the 10 - month study , the Harvard University researchers found .
The American Heart Association already recommend that some heart patients , particularly those who have had a heart attack , delay driving for two to three weeks after leaving the hospital and avoid driving in heavy traffic because of the stress it creates .
Lead researcher Dr Diane Gold said : " Our study provides additional rationale to avoid or reduce heavy traffic exposure after discharge , even for those without a heart attack , since traffic exposure involves pollution exposure as well as stress . "
She said more work was needed to evaluate the mechanisms behind the pollution - related ST - segment depression , but said the most likely explanation was inadequate blood supply to the heart or inflamed heart muscle .
Judy O'Sullivan of the British Heart Foundation said : " It has been established for some time that exposure to high levels of air pollution can exacerbate symptoms in people with heart and circulatory disease .
" Our advice to heart patients is to avoid prolonged exposure to high levels of air pollution . "
Professor David Newby , professor of cardiology at Edinburgh University , said : " There is a whole wealth of data showing if you live in a polluted area you are more likely to get cardiovascular disease .
" The pollution levels in this study were not even that high yet they are still seeing changes , which is important .
" We should all strive to reduce pollution . "
According to the World Health Organization , air pollution accounts for three million deaths worldwide every year .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
At OSCON this year I gave a talk on my new pet project Devel : : NYTProf v2 to a packed room .
Turned out to be a lot of fun .
“ The first thing I need to do is talk about Devel : : DProf because it needs to be taken out and shot . ”
I made a screencast of the 40 minute talk which you can watch on blip.tv here .
Worth watching for the background on profilers , the demo of NYTProf , and the questions , not to mention the teasing I get along the way .
One of the final questions was about the size of the profile data file that NYTProf produces .
One of the major drawbacks of statement - level profiling is the volume of data it generates while profiling your code .
For every statement executed the profiler streams out the file id , the line number , and the time spent .
For every statement !
When trying to profile a full application doing real work the volume of data generated quickly becomes impractical to deal with .
Multi -gigabyte files are common .
This was the major problem with Devel : : SmallProf , which generated text files while profiling .
Salvador Fandiño García addressed that in Devel : : FastProf by writing the data in a compact binary form .
A vast improvement that contributed to Devel : : FastProf ( on which Devel : : NYTProf is based ) being the first statement - level profiler worth using on large applications .
Even so , the volume of data generated was still a problem when profiling all but short running applications .
NYTProf 2.03 was producing profile data at the rate of about 13MB per million statements executed .
That might not sound too bad until you realise that on modern systems with cpu intensive code , perl can execute millions of statements every few seconds .
I could see a way to approximately halve the data volume by changing the format to optimize of the common case of consecutive statements being in the same file , but that was n’t going to be enough .
The best way forward would be to add zip compression .
It would be easy enough to pipe the output stream through a separate zip process , but that approach has a problem : the zip process will be soaking up cpu time asynchronously from the app being profiled .
That would affect the realtime measurements in an unpredictable way .
I realized back in June that a better approach would be to embed zip compression into NYTProf itself .
Around the end of July Nicholas Clark , current Perl Pumpkin , got involved and was motivated to implement the internal zipping because he was “ generating over 4 Gb of profile data trying to profile the harness in the Perl 5 core running tests in parallel “ .
He did a great job .
The zlib library is automatically detected at build time and , if available , the code to dynamically route i/o through the zip library gets compiled in .
The output stream starts in normal mode , so you can easily see and read the plain text headers in the data file , then switches to zip compression for the profile data .
How well did it work out ?
This graph tells the story :
( The data relates to profiling perlcritic running on a portion of its own source code on my MacBook Pre 2GHz laptop .
I only took one sample at each compression level so there may be some noise in the results . )
The data file size ( red ) plummets even at the lowest compression level .
Also note the corresponding drop in system time ( yellow ) due to the reduction in context switches and file i/o .
I ’ve set the default compression level to 6 .
I doubt you ’ll want to change it , but you can by adding compression =N to the NYTPROF environment variable .
Here are the change notes for the 2.04 release :
Fixed rare divide - by - zero error in reporting code .
Fixed rare core dump in reporting code .
Fixed detection of #line directives to be more picky .
Fixed some compiler warnings thanks to Richard Foley .
Added on - the - fly ~90 % zip compression thanks to Nicholas Clark .
Reduces data file size per million statements executed from approx ~ 13MB to ~ 1MB ( depends on code being profiled ) .
Added extra table of all subs sorted by inclusive time .
No longer warns about '/ loader/0x800d8 c /... ' synthetic file names perl assigns reading code from a CODE ref in @INC
Enjoy !
Palin disagrees with Michigan move
Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin said Friday that she disagrees with the John McCain campaign ’s decision to pull staff and resources out of Michigan .
“ I want to get back to Michigan , and I want to try , ” Palin said in an interview on Fox News .
“ Todd and I , we 'd be happy to get to Michigan .
We 'd be so happy to speak to the people there in Michigan who are hurting . ”
Advertisement
The McCain campaign confirmed yesterday that it will be moving resources out of Michigan to more favorable terrain in Pennsylvania and Maine .
The Alaska governor first heard the news this morning and fired off a quick e-mail to campaign officials expressing her displeasure with the move .
“ Oh c’mon , do we have to ? ” Palin said she wrote .
The campaign says it will remain “ well funded ” and “ aggressive ” through Election Day in target states .
During a conference call with reporters following the Michigan move , the campaign said it will focus on Colorado , Minnesota , Wisconsin , Pennsylvania , Nevada , New Hampshire and New Mexico .
Sabina Johansson : Lottery Winner Richie Randazzo's Bikini Brothel Babe
has hit it big .
Once a " greeter " for a New York brothel , the 23 - year - old Swedish bikini model is now the girlfriend of millionaire doorman
Randazzo , a Park Avenue doorman , won $ 5 million on May 2nd in the " Set for Life " scratch - off game and vowed to keep his $ 40,000 a year job .
But last week , Randazzo opted to skip work and hit the casinos in Atlantic City with his new bikini babe instead .
The newly minted millionaire told the Post that if his jealous bosses fire him , he 'll do what every regular joe does - collect unemployment .
" I'm the most beloved doorman in New York , " he said , as he praised the tenants in his building .
" It hurts .
I 've been nothing but dedicated and loyal to my job .
" But the job demands are a little too rigid , " Randazzo said , " and someone has to stand up for the little guy .
" You 're required to stand all the time , " Randazzo , 44 , complained .
" They want you to look like a soldier . "
Randazzo's new gal pal claims she had no idea her former employers were running a brothel at Big Daddy Lou 's Hot Lap Dance Club .
" I learned about it when it hit the papers .
I knew it was a topless strip club .
I had no idea they were doing prostitution . " claims the 23 - year - old .
Johansson says she worked at the club for six months before the owner , Lou Posner and his wife , Betty , were arrested for promoting prostitution , money laundering and falsifying business records .
She says she was not involved in prostitution and only greeted customers and helped the dancers .
Johansson met Randazzo while working on a photo shoot in Coney Island .
" He 's a sweetheart , " Johansson cooed .
" He 's sincere .
He 's a gentleman . "
" It 's news to me , " Randazzo said .
" We 've known each other all of 10 days .
She 's the best thing that 's happened to me since the lottery . "
For his part , Randazzo says he did n't know about Johansson 's work in the strip club .
View photos of the rags - to - riches couple below .
UPDATE : Johansson has now been charged with promoting prostitution .
Making a painting is not an easy thing .
All begins in the head and through the left hand and soft 2B pencil is registered in checker notebook in a form of few - inch size drawings .
If the idea is worth to be developed , it is then colored with crayons , some new details are added and all is draught on good quality paper of size 14 x 11,5 cm with full colors .
Such a project is then presented to the Family Jury ( my wife and 4 daughter ) , that in most cases issues the rejection sentence , accompanied with bitter and negligent comments .
Usually such a verdict is followed by unnecessary family tension and door slamming .
In the next stage , the projects gains maturity , lying under old bills or other designs .
If at the second approach , usually after a few weeks , the verdict remains unchanged , the project ends its life at my archives , or , eventually may be sold to collectors .
But in most cases , one of my girls having mercy over my work , expresses reluctant interest of the previously rejected project - in the minutes its status changes to the prospectus work and serves as basis for pastels in the size of 60x48 cm .
Pastel is already a form that may be presented to the world , and considered as finished and individual piece of art .
For me however , is only a developed project form , where the idea is presented in general scheme .
Thus , pastels serve as basis for making acrylic paintings on canvas .
Only with a brush and paint , I am able to show all nuances of color and visual effects , resulting in full and complete presentation of the work concept , perfect both in form and content .
Damming the Flood : Haiti , Aristide and the Politics of Containment
Peter Hallward , Verso , 480 pp , £ 16.99
Noam Chomsky once noted that " it is only when the threat of popular participation is overcome that democratic forms can be safely contemplated " .
He thereby pointed at the " passivising " core of parliamentary democracy , which makes it incompatible with the direct political self - organisation and self - empowerment of the people .
Direct colonial aggression or military assault are not the only ways of pacifying a " hostile " population : so long as they are backed up by sufficient levels of coercive force , international " stabilisation " missions can overcome the threat of popular participation through the apparently less abrasive tactics of " democracy promotion " , " humanitarian intervention " and the " protection of human rights " .
This is what makes the case of Haiti so exemplary .
As Peter Hallward writes in Damming the Flood , a detailed account of the " democratic containment " of Haiti 's radical politics in the past two decades , " never have the well - worn tactics of ' democracy promotion ' been applied with more devastating effect than in Haiti between 2000 and 2004 " .
One cannot miss the irony of the fact that the name of the emancipatory political movement which suffered this international pressure is Lavalas , or " flood " in Creole : it is the flood of the expropriated who overflow the gated communities that protect those who exploit them .
This is why the title of Hallward 's book is quite appropriate , inscribing the events in Haiti into the global tendency of new dams and walls that have been popping out everywhere since 11 September 2001 , confronting us with the inner truth of " globalisation " , the underlying lines of division which sustain it .
Haiti was an exception from the very beginning , from its revolutionary fight against slavery , which ended in independence in January 1804 .
" Only in Haiti , " Hallward notes , " was the declaration of human freedom universally consistent .
Only in Haiti was this declaration sustained at all costs , in direct opposition to the social order and economic logic of the day . "
For this reason , " there is no single event in the whole of modern history whose implications were more threatening to the dominant global order of things " .
The Haitian Revolution truly deserves the title of repetition of the French Revolution : led by Toussaint ' Ouverture , it was clearly " ahead of his time " , " premature " and doomed to fail , yet , precisely as such , it was perhaps even more of an event than the French Revolution itself .
It was the first time that an enslaved population rebelled not as a way of returning to their pre-colonial " roots " , but on behalf of universal principles of freedom and equality .
And a sign of the Jacobins ' authenticity is that they quickly recognised the slaves ' uprising - the black delegation from Haiti was enthusiastically received in the National Assembly in Paris .
( As you might expect , things changed after Thermidor ; in 1801 Napoleon sent a huge expeditionary force to try to regain control of the colony ) .
Denounced by Talleyrand as " a horrible spectacle for all white nations " , the " mere existence of an independent Haiti " was itself an intolerable threat to the slave - owning status quo .
Haiti thus had to be made an exemplary case of economic failure , to dissuade other countries from taking the same path .
The price - the literal price - for the " premature " independence was truly extortionate : after two decades of embargo , France , the old colonial master , established trade and diplomatic relations only in 1825 , after forcing the Haitian government to pay 150 million francs as " compensation " for the loss of its slaves .
This sum , roughly equal to the French annual budget at the time , was later reduced to 90 million , but it continued to be a heavy drain on Haitian resources : at the end of the 19th century , Haiti 's payments to France consumed roughly 80 per cent of the national budget , and the last instalment was only paid in 1947 .
When , in 2003 , in anticipation of the bicentenary of national independence , the Lavalas president Jean - Baptiste Aristide demanded that France return this extorted money , his claim was flatly rejected by a French commission ( led , ironically , by Régis Debray ) .
At a time when some US liberals ponder the possibility of reimbursing black Americans for slavery , Haiti 's demand to be reimbursed for the tremendous sum the former slaves had to pay to have their freedom recognised has been largely ignored by liberal opinion , even if the extortion here was double : the slaves were first exploited , and then had to pay for the recognition of their hard - won freedom .
The story goes on today .
The Lavalas movement has won every free presidential election since 1990 , but it has twice been the victim of US - sponsored military coups .
Lavalas is a unique combination : a political agent which won state power through free elections , but which all the way through maintained its roots in organs of local popular democracy , of people 's direct self - organisation .
Although the " free press " dominated by its enemies was never obstructed , although violent protests that threatened the stability of the legal government were fully tolerated , the Lavalas government was routinely demonised in the international press as exceptionally violent and corrupt .
The goal of the US and its allies France and Canada was to impose on Haiti a " normal " democracy - a democracy which would not touch the economic power of the narrow elite ; they were well aware that , if it is to function in this way , democracy has to cut its links with direct popular self - organisation .
It is interesting to note that this US - French co-operation took place soon after the public discord about the 2003 attack on Iraq , and was quite appropriately celebrated as the reaffirmation of their basic alliance that underpins the occasional conflicts .
Even Brazil 's Lula condoned the 2004 overthrow of Aristide .
An unholy alliance was thus put together to discredit the Lavalas government as a form of mob rule that threatened human rights , and President Aristide as a power - mad fundamentalist dictator - an alliance ranging from ex-military death squads and US - sponsored " democratic fronts " to humanitarian NGOs and even some " radical left " organisations which , financed by the US , enthusiastically denounced Aristide 's " capitulation " to the IMF .
Aristide himself provided a perspicuous characterisation of this overlapping between radical left and liberal right : " Somewhere , somehow , there 's a little secret satisfaction , perhaps an unconscious satisfaction , in saying things that powerful white people want you to say . "
The Lavalas struggle is exemplary of a principled heroism that confronts the limitations of what can be done today .
Lavalas activists did n't withdraw into the interstices of state power and " resist " from a safe distance , they heroically assumed state power , well aware that they were taking power in the most unfavourable circumstances , when all the trends of capitalist " modernisation " and " structural readjustment " , but also of the postmodern left , were against them .
Constrained by the measures imposed by the US and International Monetary Fund , which were destined to enact " necessary structural readjustments " , Aristide pursued a politics of small and precise pragmatic measures ( building schools and hospitals , creating infrastructure , raising minimum wages ) while encouraging the active political mobilisation of the people in direct confrontation with their most immediate foes - the army and its paramilitary auxiliaries .
The single most controversial thing about Aristide , the thing that earned him comparisons with Sendero Luminoso and Pol Pot , was his pointed refusal to condemn measures taken by the people to defend themselves against military or paramilitary assault , an assault that had decimated the popular movement for decades .
On a couple of occasions back in 1991 , Aristide appeared to condone recourse to the most notorious of these measures , known locally as " Père Lebrun " , a variant of the practice of " necklacing " adopted by anti-apartheid partisans in South Africa - killing a police assassin or an informer with a burning tyre .
In a speech on 4 August 1991 , he advised an enthusiastic crowd to remember " when to use [ Père Lebrun ] , and where to use it " , while reminding them that " you may never use it again in a state where law prevails " .
Later , liberal critics sought to draw a parallel between the so - called chimères , ie , members of Lavalas self - defence groups , and the Tontons Macoutes , the notoriously murderous gangs of the Duvalier dictatorship .
The fact that there is no numerical basis for comparison of levels of political violence under Aristide and under Duvalier is not allowed to get in the way of the essential political point .
Asked about these chimères , Aristide points out that " the very word says it all .
Chimères are people who are impoverished , who live in a state of profound insecurity and chronic unemployment .
They are the victims of structural injustice , of systematic social violence [. . .]
It 's not surprising that they should confront those who have always benefited from this same social violence . "
Arguably , the very rare acts of popular self - defence committed by Lavalas partisans are examples of what Walter Benjamin called " divine violence " : they should be located " beyond good and evil " , in a kind of politico - religious suspension of the ethical .
Although we are dealing with what can only appear as " immoral " acts of killing , one has no political right to condemn them , because they are a response to years , centuries even , of systematic state and economic violence and exploitation .
As Aristide himself puts it : " It is better to be wrong with the people than to be right against the people . "
Despite some all - too - obvious mistakes , the Lavalas regime was in effect one of the figures of how " dictatorship of the proletariat " might look today : while pragmatically engaging in some externally imposed compromises , it always remained faithful to its " base " , to the crowd of ordinary dispossessed people , speaking on their behalf , not " representing " them but directly relying on their local self - organisations .
Although respecting the democratic rules , Lavalas made it clear that the electoral struggle is not where things are decided : what is much more crucial is the effort to supplement democracy with the direct political self - organisation of the oppressed .
Or , to put it in our " postmodern " terms : the struggle between Lavalas and the capitalist - military elite in Haiti is a case of genuine antagonism , an antagonism which cannot be contained within the frame of parliamentary - democratic " agonistic pluralism " .
This is why Hallward 's outstanding book is not just about Haiti , but about what it means to be a " leftist " today : ask a leftist how he stands towards Aristide , and it will be immediately clear if he is a partisan of radical emancipation or merely a humanitarian liberal who wants " globalisation with a human face " .
Slavoj Zizek is the author of " In Defence of Lost Causes " ( Verso , £ 19.99 )
Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) Disclosure :
The statements in this forum have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration and are generated by non-professional writers .
Any products described are not intended to diagnose , treat , cure , or prevent any disease .
Website Disclosure :
This forum contains general information about diet , health and nutrition .
The information is not advice and is not a substitute for advice from a healthcare professional .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
© 2020 FOX News Network , LLC .
All rights reserved .
All market data delayed 20 minutes .
Rocko’s Modern Life is back .
Sort of .
The Netflix special , Rocko ’s Modern Life : Static Cling is now available to stream , marking
The MacBook Pro 16 - inch has been given a big welcome by Tech community and especially Apple users .
However , in our honest opinion , the Macbook Pro 16 - inch should be deemed as an improved version of the faulty 15 - inch Macbook Pro , rather than a total refresh .
So we put a question : After the Macbook Pro 16 , which prototype Apple will release in the next 5 years ?
VA GOP VOTER REG FRAUDSTER OFF HOOK Felony charges dropped against VA Republican caught trashing voter registrations before last year 's election .
Did GOP AG , Prosecutor conflicts of interest play role ?...
Criminal GOP Voter Registration Fraud Probe Expanding in VA
State investigators widening criminal probe of man arrested destroying registration forms , said now looking at violations of law by Nathan Sproul 's RNC - hired firm ...
DOJ PROBE SOUGHT AFTER VA ARREST Arrest of RNC / Sproul man caught destroying registration forms brings official calls for wider criminal probe from compromised VA AG Cuccinelli and U.S. AG Holder ...
Arrest in VA : GOP Voter Reg Scandal Widens ' RNC official ' charged on 13 counts , for allegely trashing voter registration forms in a dumpster , worked for Romney consultant , ' fired ' GOP operative Nathan Sproul ...
ALL TOGETHER : ROVE , SPROUL , KOCHS , RNC His Super - PAC , his voter registration ( fraud ) firm & their ' Americans for Prosperity ' are all based out of same top RNC legal office in Virginia ...
LATimes : RNC's ' Fired ' Sproul Working for Repubs in 'as Many as 30 States '
So much for the RNC's ' zero tolerance ' policy , as discredited Republican registration fraud operative still hiring for dozens of GOP ' Get Out The Vote ' campaigns ...
' Fired ' Sproul Group ' Cloned ' , Still Working for Republicans in At Least 10 States
The other companies of Romney 's GOP operative Nathan Sproul , at center of Voter Registration Fraud Scandal , still at it ; Congressional Dems seek answers ...
FINALLY : FOX ON GOP REG FRAUD SCANDAL
The belated and begrudging coverage by Fox ' Eric Shawn includes two different video reports featuring an interview with The BRAD BLOG's Brad Friedman ...
COLORADO FOLLOWS FLORIDA WITH GOP CRIMINAL INVESTIGATION Repub Sec. of State Gessler ignores expanding GOP Voter Registration Fraud Scandal , rants about evidence - free ' Dem Voter Fraud ' at Tea Party event ...
CRIMINAL PROBE LAUNCHED INTO GOP VOTER REGISTRATION FRAUD SCANDAL IN FL FL Dept. of Law Enforcement confirms ' enough evidence to warrant full - blown investigation ' ; Election officials told fraudulent forms ' may become evidence in court ' ...
Brad Breaks PA Photo ID & GOP Registration Fraud Scandal News on Hartmann TV Another visit on Thom Hartmann 's Big Picture with new news on several developing Election Integrity stories ...
CAUGHT ON TAPE : COORDINATED NATIONWIDE GOP VOTER REG SCAM
The GOP Voter Registration Fraud Scandal reveals insidious nationwide registration scheme to keep Obama supporters from even registering to vote ...
CRIMINAL ELECTION FRAUD COMPLAINT FILED AGAINST GOP 'FRAUD ' FIRM Scandal spreads to 11 FL counties , other states ; RNC , Romney try to contain damage , split from GOP operative ...
RICK SCOTT GETS ROLLED IN GOP REGISTRATION FRAUD SCANDAL Rep .
Ted Deutch ( D - FL ) sends blistering letter to Gov. Rick Scott ( R ) demanding bi-partisan reg fraud probe in FL ; Slams ' shocking and hypocritical ' silence , lack of action ...
VIDEO : Brad Breaks GOP Reg Fraud Scandal on Hartmann TV
Breaking coverage as the RNC fires their Romney - tied voter registration firm , Strategic Allied Consulting ...
RNC FIRES NATIONAL VOTER REGISTRATION FIRM FOR FRAUD After FL & NC GOP fire Romney - tied group , RNC does same ; Dead people found reg'd as new voters ; RNC paid firm over $ 3 m over 2 months in 5 battleground states ...
EXCLUSIVE : Intvw w/ FL Official Who First Discovered GOP Reg Fraud After fraudulent registration forms from Romney - tied GOP firm found in Palm Beach , Election Supe says state 's ' fraud ' - obsessed top election official failed to return call ...
My experience with Ellsworth Family Law was a good one although my life situation was heartbreaking .
Steve , Taylor , and team were concerned about my financial well being when I had been locked out of all my shared assets by my spouse .
And even though they respected my wishes to take a certain amount of time “ to let the dust settle ” , they kept a close eye on me .
They also did a great job of answering my questions like , “ What do I do next ? ” .
It ’s hard to realize during a time like this that you are suddenly your own strongest advocate .
Work to understand that and do n’t be afraid to ask the Ellsworth Family Law questions that will help guide you to your next steps of loving on yourself .
By Lester R. Brown
One of the questions I am frequently asked when I am speaking in various countries is , given the environmental problems that the world is facing , can we make it ?
That is , can we avoid economic decline and the collapse of civilization ?
My answer is always the same : it depends on you and me , on what you and I do to reverse these trends .
It means becoming politically active .
Saving our civilization is not a spectator sport .
We have moved into this new world so fast that we have not yet fully grasped the meaning of what is happening .
Traditionally , concern for our children has translated into getting them the best health care and education possible .
But if we do not act quickly to reverse the earth ’s environmental deterioration , eradicate poverty , and stabilize population , their world will decline economically and disintegrate politically .
The two overriding policy challenges are to restructure taxes and reorder fiscal priorities .
Saving civilization means restructuring taxes to get the market to tell the ecological truth .
And it means reordering fiscal priorities to get the resources needed for Plan B. Write , call , or e-mail your elected representative about the need for tax restructuring to create an honest market .
Remind him or her that corporations that left costs off the books appeared to prosper in the short run , only to collapse in the long run .
Or better yet , gather some like - minded friends together to meet with your elected representatives to discuss why we need to raise environmental taxes and reduce income taxes .
Before the meeting , draft a brief statement of your collective concerns and the policy initiatives needed .
Feel free to download the information on tax restructuring in Chapter 13 of Plan B 3.0 : Mobilizing to Save Civilization from the Earth Policy Institute Web site to use in these efforts .
Let your political representatives know that a world spending more than $ 1 trillion a year for military purposes is simply out of sync with reality when the future of civilization is in question .
Ask them if the Plan B budget–an additional $ 190 billion a year for eradicating poverty , stabilizing population , and restoring the earth–is an unreasonable expenditure to save civilization .
Ask them if diverting one sixth of the global military budget to saving civilization is too costly .
Introduce them to Plan B. Remind them of how we mobilized in World War II .
Make a case for the inclusion of poverty eradication , family planning , reforestation , and renewable energy development in international assistance programs .
Urge an increase in these appropriations and a cut in military appropriations , pointing out that advanced weapons systems are useless in dealing with the new threats to our security .
Someone needs to speak on behalf of our children and grandchildren , because it is their world that is at stake .
In short , we need to persuade our elected representatives and leaders to support the changes outlined in Plan B .
We need to lobby them for these changes as though our future and that of our children depended on it –because it does .
Educate yourself on environmental issues .
If you found this book useful , share it with others .
It can be downloaded free of charge from the Earth Policy Institute Web site .
If you want to know what happened to earlier civilizations that also found themselves in environmental trouble , read Collapse by Jared Diamond or A Short History of Progress by Ronald Wright .
If you like to write , try your hand at an op - ed piece for your local newspaper on the need to raise taxes on environmentally destructive activities and offset this with a lowering of income taxes .
Try a letter to the editor .
Put together your own personal e-mail list to help you communicate useful information to friends , colleagues , and local opinion leaders .
The scale and urgency of the challenge we face has no precedent , but what we need to do can be done .
It is doable .
Sit down and map out your own personal plan and timetable for what you want to do to move the world off a path headed toward economic decline and onto one of sustainable economic progress .
Set your own goals .
Identify people in your community you can work with to achieve these goals .
Pick an issue that is meaningful to you , such as restructuring the tax system , banning inefficient light bulbs , phasing out coal - fired power plants , or working for “ complete streets ” that are pedestrian - and bicycle - friendly in your community .
What could be more exciting and rewarding ?
The choice is ours–yours and mine .
We can stay with business as usual and preside over an economy that continues to destroy its natural support systems until it destroys itself , or we can adopt Plan B and be the generation that changes direction , moving the world onto a path of sustained progress .
The choice will be made by our generation , but it will affect life on earth for all generations to come .
# # #
Adapted from Chapter 13 , “ The Great Mobilization , ” in Lester R. Brown , Plan B 3.0 : Mobilizing to Save Civilization ( New York : W.W. Norton & Company , 2008 ) , available for free downloading and purchase at www.earthpolicy.org/Books/PB3/index.htm.
Please stay tuned for Earth Policy Institute ’s next release about some of the inspiring actions people are taking to spread the Plan B message around the world .
by Vito Rispo
Sarah Palin & Joe Biden
When we ’re deciding whether we like the person delivering a message , tone of voice accounts for 38 % of our opinion , body language for 55 % and the actual words for just 7 % .
This is a fact .
The presidential election is not about issues .
It has n’t been about actual issues for a very long time .
I ’d argue since Thomas Jefferson .
The vast majority of Americans do n’t understand or care about real issues .
They just do n’t matter .
So what is it about then ?
Image
Image is the single most important factor in a presidential election .
This article from the Wall Street Journal explains why candidates with deeper voices almost always do better than ones with higher voices .
According to the psychometricians , a tall man with a deep voice is a shoe - in for president .
I guess nobody told Fred Thompson .
Despite Fred ’s height – the taller candidate has won 27 times and the shorter has only won 17 times out of all the past presidential elections .
The height of one or more candidate was n’t known in 9 elections and they were equal in 2 elections .
That ’s a pretty significant statistic .
Politicians know this , that ’s why both major candidates picked VPs that add something to their image .
You want to do an interesting thought experiment … take all the image ‘ weaknesses ’ of a candidate , and write down the opposites .
That ’ll give you their ideal VP .
For instance ; McCain is a disagreeable , unattractive , short - tempered old war vet with ties to the Bush administration .
Who would be his ideal VP ?
Firstly , a woman : studies show that women are far more likely to try to compromise during a disagreement , whereas men are more likely to reject compromise .
Women are less disagreeable and less short - tempered on average .
So , a woman to counter his anger , but what kind of woman ?
A young and attractive one to offset McCain ’s age and ugliness .
But , it ca n’t just be any good looking young woman , she has to be a Republican without ties to Bush .
Every Republican in politics these days has ties to Bush .
How about Alaska ?
It ’s a rough and ready frontier land , as far from Washington as you can get while still being in these United States .
It gives her the image of being a Washington outsider , no matter what her issues are .
It ’s a perfect pick from the image point of view .
As for Obama , he ’s certainly not immune to these political machinations either .
There were a whole slew of possible VPs that would have been a better fit for Obama ’s socialist politics , but he picks Joe Biden .
Why ?
What are Obama ’s weaknesses ?
He ’s relatively young , seen as inexperienced , had that “ problem ” with his pastor , and he ’s black , which unfortunately is an image weakness in our society .
Flip them all around , and you get an ultra mainstream politician : a catholic white male in his mid-60s who supported the Iraq war and does n’t rock the boat : Joe Biden .
Obama is different , but Biden is the same ; the same as every politician you ’ve ever seen , every fake TV and movie president and imagined political leader .
That ’s just the way it is , like it or not .
Our politicians are pandering freaks driven almost solely by ambition .
Issues are meaningless , and advertising is paramount .
In the future , with more and more real time news and 24 hour coverage , politics and marketing will become even more entangled than they are now .
The more people know about human nature , the more people will try to exploit it for their own gain .
Blame the human brain .
Disagree ?
Think I got it all wrong ?
Let us know in the comments , tell us what you really think .
HONG KONG , Sept 16 ( Reuters ) -
The rating on embattled insurance giant American International Group Inc. AIG.N was slashed by at least two notches by the three top global rating agencies , who also warned more downgrades could follow .
The triple strike jolted the insurer even as it is struggling to find funding sources at a time of global financial tumult which has brought two of the biggest Wall Street investment banks to their knees .
[ ID :nN13574113 ]
Moody ’s Investors Service cut AIG ’s rating to A2 from Aa3 , a two - notch downgrade .
Standard & Poor ’s Ratings Services lowered the rating to A - minus from AA - minus , a three - peg reduction and Fitch Ratings reduced its standing to A from AA - minus , a two notch cut .
AIG ’s ratings are still investment grade , although all three agencies said more downgrades could follow .
The announcements were made during Asia time on Tuesday , hours after New York state officials pieced together a $ 20 billion lifeline which would give the company temporary respite .
[ ID :nN15279674 ]
AIG ’s troubles , much like those of some of its Wall Street peers , stem from guarantees it wrote on mortgage - linked derivatives that have left it with a total of $ 18 billion in losses over the past three quarters .
In recent days , AIG has explored a wide range of options to shore up capital and avoid rating cuts .
JPMorgan JPM.N and Goldman Sachs GS.N are exploring putting together a syndicated $ 70 billion to $ 75 billion credit facility for AIG , among other options .
This additional funding is critical for the insurer ’s survival in the longer term .
Ahead of the downgrades , shares of AIG , once the world 's largest insurer ranked by market value , plummeted 61 percent to $ 4.76 on one of Wall Street 's most tumultuous days , with Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc LEH.N on the verge of collapse and Bank of America BAC.N moving to take over Merrill Lynch & Co MER.N. ( Reporting by Umesh Desai ; Editing by Anshuman Daga )
Each day in Tokyo , over 700,000 people ride their bikes to catch the morning train and this creates a problem .
Where do you store all those bikes ?
Well , thanks to Japanese ingenuity and their skills in robotics , they ’ve come up with a robot that quickly and efficiently parks them in underground storage facilities ( see video below – in English ) .
This implementation in Edogawa , Japan was built at a cost of $ 67 million and can store up to 9,400 bikes at one time .
The method uses an RFID tag to identify your bike and costs only $ 18 a month to use .
The system keeps your bike safe without the need for locks and chains and better still , takes as little as 10 seconds to deposit or retrieve your bike from one of the 36 kiosks .
Yet another reason to move to Japan .
Check out the bot in action below .
Sources :
Washington Post via BotJunkie
Google has introduced a new Web browser , called Chrome , aimed at wresting dominance of the browser market from Microsoft 's Internet Explorer .
The move takes the Google - Microsoft rivalry to a whole new level .
If Google succeeds , it will be a big deal , with major ramifications for the future of the Web .
But just how good is Chrome ?
How does it differ from IE and from less popular , but still important , browsers like Mozilla 's Firefox and Apple 's Safari ?
I 've been testing Chrome for about a week , trying out all its features and using it side by side with Microsoft 's latest iteration of IE , which came out just last week .
My verdict : Chrome is a smart , innovative browser that , in many common scenarios , will make using the Web faster , easier and less frustrating .
But this first version -- which is just a beta , or test , release -- is rough around the edges and lacks some common browser features Google plans to add later .
These omissions include a way to manage bookmarks , a command for emailing links and pages directly from the browser , and even a progress bar to show how much of a Web page has loaded .
McCain sort of can't win here .
Parnes reports from Minnesota :
A man in the audience stood up and told McCain he's " scared " of an Obama presidency and who he'd select for the Supreme Court .
" I have to tell you .
Sen .
Obama is a decent person and a person you do n't have to be scared of as president of the United States , " McCain said as the crowd booed and shouted " Come on , John ! "
" If I did n't think I 'd be a heck of a lot better , I would n't be running for president of the United States . "
Next » « Previous
why playing music in a group can be so great when it ’s good and so wretched when it ’s bad
On October 4th
This is the heart of why I ’m doing this blog and all the other things you ’ll see if you look around my site .
( This post is inspired by Merlin Mann ’s great talk on how to blog . )
I was a musician before I was a psychologist — low on the food chain and too much of a generalist ( ahem , dilettante ) to compete at a satisfying level in either the hard - core classical world or the jazz / studio world .
I got to play in garage bands , jazz ensembles large and small , orchestras , chamber groups , new - music ensembles , early - music ensembles , theatre orchestras and a bunch of ad - hoc groups and gigs .
They all had one thing in common .
When they were going well , it felt unbelievably great .
But every group could devolve at any time into sheer misery , a big soul - destroying bowl of suck .
Sometimes it would be clear why – somebody was being a jerk , somebody was obnoxiously bad , there was no direction .
Rehearsals would halt while people had to fight over who was boss .
Or something would happen so that the musicians would make that invisible shift from putting their hearts into it to a resigned do - the - gig - and - get - paid attitude .
Other times it would be a big confusing morass , a sickening sticky mass of loathing , frustration , hatred , boredom and despair with a touch of the flu thrown in .
It could feel so bad it was hard to think about why it was so bad .
Really , really impressively unpleasant .
You can see some of this in the Metallica movie Some Kind of Monster , as well as the movie about the Guarneri String Quartet , High Fidelity .
It transcends genre .
It ’s almost embarrassing seeing these gifted individuals thrashing around like wounded animals .
I have been considering this as a serious question .
What makes music groups feel so good and so bad ?
The how bad is certainly linked to the how good .
Being in close synchrony with others is powerful .
When a group is playing well together , there is a joyous feeling of unity , being part of a larger whole instead of a lonely individual .
The awareness of one ’s pitiful individual ego can nearly disappear .
When the unity is interrupted , it feels like an intrusion , an insult , like being dumped out of a loving embrace onto the side of a highway .
Looking at it this way , the overall irritability in music groups makes sense .
I ’ve been a psychologist for 20 years now and I finally feel able to understand some of these things and put them into words .
I finally have the skill and understanding to seriously help groups work together without so much misery and destruction .
It ’s important , because music is important .
It is tragic when a group has the passion and talent to do something wonderful and they never get to because they ca n’t get along .
I have found that other kinds of creative collaborations have a lot to learn from music groups .
This is why I also talk about tech startups and so forth .
So I ’m writing to sort out what I know and what I want to know , to reach others who are interested in the same thing and help musicians and other interesting people succeed , thrive and make wonderful things .
If you ’re interested , leave me a comment or a note .
And stay tuned .
HARTFORD , Connecticut ( CNN ) --
The Connecticut Supreme Court ruled Friday that gay and lesbian couples have the right to get married .
The ruling makes Connecticut the third state , after Massachusetts and California , to decide its constitution mandates treating citizens equally when applying for marriage licenses , regardless of their sexual orientation .
" Interpreting our state constitutional provisions in accordance with firmly established equal protection principles leads inevitably to the conclusion that gay persons are entitled to marry the otherwise qualified same sex partner of their choice , " the ruling said .
" To decide otherwise would require us to apply one set of constitutional principles to gay persons and another to all others .
The guarantee of equal protection under the law , and our obligation to uphold that command , forbids us from doing so .
In accordance with these state constitutional requirements , same sex couples cannot be denied the freedom to marry . "
The decision would only allow gay couples the state benefits of marriage .
The Defense of Marriage Act , passed in 1996 , denies gay couples federal recognition of state marriages , which provides for federal benefits with regard to Social Security , taxation , immigration and others .
Connecticut , Vermont , New Hampshire and New Jersey have civil unions .
View a map of where states stand on same - sex unions »
In 2005 , Connecticut began to allow civil unions , intended to be marriage in all but name , without being forced by its courts .
Two years later , Connecticut 's Legislature tabled a bill allowing marriage .
Eight same - sex couple sued the state , saying that civil unions were not equal to marriage and that Connecticut 's Constitution guaranteed them equal treatment .
In the dissent , one justice said he disagreed with the majority 's opinion that " sexual orientation is a quasi - suspect class under our state constitutional provisions guaranteeing equal protection of the laws " because that point of view " unduly minimizes the unique and extraordinary political power of gay persons in this state . "
A representative of Connecticut 's commissioner of public health said he does not know when the state might start issuing marriage licenses to same - sex couples .
The suit was called Kerrigan and Mock v. the Connecticut Department of Public Health .
All About Same - Sex Marriage • Gay and Lesbian Relationships • Connecticut
« Bailout : Christopher Story FRSA : Update : 26th September 2008 | Main | Urgent !
Nationwide " Stop the Bailout " Sign Wave this Sunday »
Oppose Bankster Bailout
We MUST reject the Paulson / Bernanke plan for bailing out and propping up reckless banks at taxpayer expense .
This is madness to ask us , the taxpayers , to cover the liabilities of Wall Street .
Are n't you tired of being fleeced ?
Visit Campaign For Liberty and Take Action !
http://www.CampaignForLiberty .
com
In Liberty ,
- VoteRonPaul.com
http://www.VoteRonPaul.com
47 W. Polk St. Suite 100-408 , Chicago , IL 60605
September 26 , 2008 in Current Affairs | Permalink
TrackBack
TrackBack URL for this entry :
https://www.typepad.com/services/trackback/6a00d83451d3ac69e2010534d06276970b
Listed below are links to weblogs that reference Oppose Bankster Bailout :
Comments
The comments to this entry are closed .
Enlarge By Anchana Thancharoen , AP A photo released by firefly expert Anchana Thancharoen of Kasetsart Univercity in Bangkok , Thailand , shows the rare firefly species Luciola aquatilis , as it perches on a plant .
BAN LOMTUAN , Thailand  Preecha Jiabyu used to take tourists on a rowboat to see the banks of the Mae Klong River aglow with thousands of fireflies .
These days , all he sees are the fluorescent lights of hotels , restaurants and highway overpasses .
He says he'd have to row a good two miles to see trees lit up with the magical creatures of his younger days .
" The firefly populations have dropped 70 % , in the past three years , " said Preecha , 58 , a former teacher who started providing dozens of row boats to compete with polluting motor boats .
" It 's sad .
They were a symbol of our city . "
The fate of the insects drew more than 100 entomologists and biologists to Thailand 's northern city of Chiang Mai last week for an international symposium on the " Diversity and Conservation of Fireflies . "
They then traveled Friday to Ban Lomtuan , an hour outside of Bangkok , to see the synchronous firefly Pteroptyx malaccae — known for its rapid , pulsating flashing that look like Christmas lights .
Yet another much - loved species imperiled by humankind ?
The evidence is entirely anecdotal , but there are anecdotes galore .
From backyards in Tennessee to riverbanks in Southeast Asia , researchers said they have seen fireflies — also called glowworms or lightning bugs — dwindling in number .
No single factor is blamed , but researchers in the United States and Europe mostly cite urban sprawl and industrial pollution that destroy insect habitat .
The spread of artificial lights also could be a culprit , disrupting the intricate mating behavior that depends on a male winning over a female with its flashing backside .
" It is quite clear they are declining , " said Stefan Ineichen , a researcher who studies fireflies in Switzerland and runs a website to gather information on firefly sightings .
" When you talk to old people about fireflies , it is always the same , " he said .
" They saw so many when they were young and now they are lucky now if they see one . "
Fredric Vencl , a researcher at Stonybrook University in New York , discovered a new species two years ago only to learn its mountain habitat in Panama was threatened by logging .
Lynn
Faust spent a decade researching fireflies on her 40 - acre farm in Knoxville , Tenn. , but gave up on one species because she stopped seeing them .
" I know of populations that have disappeared on my farm because of development and light pollution , " said Faust .
" It 's these McMansions with their floodlights .
One house has 32 lights .
Why do you need so many lights ? "
But Faust and other experts said they still need scientific data , which has been difficult to come by with so few monitoring programs in place .
There are some 2,000 species and researchers are constantly discovering new ones .
Many have never been studied , leaving scientists in the dark about the potential threats and the meaning of their Morse code - like flashes that signal everything from love to danger .
" It is like a mystery insect , " said Anchana Thancharoen , who was part of a team that discovered a new species Luciola aquatilis two years ago in Thailand .
The problem is , a nocturnal insect as small as a human fingertip can't be tagged and tracked like bears or even butterflies , and counting is difficult when some females spend most of their time on the ground or do n't flash .
And the firefly 's adult life span of just one to three weeks makes counting even harder .
European researchers have tried taking a wooden frame and measuring the numbers that appear over a given time .
Scientists at the Forest Research Institute Malaysia have been photographing fireflies populations monthly along the Selangor River .
But with little money and manpower to study the problem , experts are turning to volunteers for help .
websites like the Citizen Science Firefly Survey in Boston , which started this year , encourages enthusiasts to report changes in their neighborhood firefly populations .
BOSTON HELPS : Museum of Science 's ' Firefly Watch ' program " Researchers hope this would allow us to track firefly populations over many years to determine if they are remaining stable or disappearing , " said Christopher Cratsley , a firefly expert at Fitchburg State College in Massachusetts who served as a consultant on the site run by the Boston Museum of Science .
Scientists acknowledge the urgency to assess fireflies may not match that of polar bears or Siberian tigers .
But they insist fireflies are a " canary in a coal mine " in terms of understanding the health of an ecosystem .
Preecha , the teacher turned boatman , could n't agree more .
He has seen the pristine river of his childhood become polluted and fish populations disappear .
Now , he fears the fireflies could be gone within a year .
" I feel like our way of life is being destroyed , " Preecha said .
Copyright 2008 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Wherever your personal sympathies lie in the present conflict between Russia and Georgia , does n't it just blow your mind when members of the Bush administration can say something so glaringly hypocritical that it literally takes your breath away , and have absolutely no clue how it sounds coming out of their mouths ?
Condi Rice is probably the most intelligent person in the entire Dubya cabal .
Yet these words actually passed her lips in yesterday 's press conference :
" This is not 1968 and the invasion of Czechoslovakia , where Russia can threaten a neighbor , occupy a capital , overthrow a government and get away with it .
Things have changed . "
Really .
She really said that .
With a straight face .
Like she had never in her life heard of a place called Iraq .
That 's okay .
Condi's smart .
She was just tired , she 's allowed a little slip every now and then .
Surely it was just a m---
" I have heard the Russian president say that his military operations are over .
I am saying it is time for the Russian president to be true to his word . "
Nope .
Not a mistake .
Nobody could be that tired .
How could anyone possibly forget the day her boss stood on an aircraft carrier with a huge backdrop reading " MISSION ACCOMPLISHED " and told the world that major combat operations in Iraq were over ?
That was five years ago .
That was a trillion dollars ago .
That was 4,000 American lives ago .
A million dead Iraqis ago .
American exceptionalism .
Arrogant cognitive dissonance .
Shameful shamelessness .
And if you 're wondering how the 20 % of Americans who still believe George W. Bush will go down in history as a great president feel about the situation , this comment from the right - wing blog , Gateway Pundit , pretty much sums it up :
Rorschach Pickets FOX Headquarters
In this Watchmen movie legal update , we check in with fan activists who have mounted a campaign against 20th Century Fox for harassing Paramount .
It seems a familiar , yet morphing , face was seen picketing recently , and we have the pics ...
DISCLAIMER : ComicBookMovie.com is protected under the DMCA ( Digital Millenium Copyright Act ) and ... : ComicBookMovie.com is protected under the DMCA ( Digital Millenium Copyright Act ) and ... [ MORE ]
DISCLAIMER : ComicBookMovie.com is protected from liability under the DMCA ( Digital Millenium Copyright Act ) and " Safe Harbor " provisions .
This post was submitted by a volunteer contributor who has agreed to our [ LESS ] : ComicBookMovie.com is protected from liability under the DMCA ( Digital Millenium Copyright Act ) and " Safe Harbor " provisions .
This post was submitted by a volunteer contributor who has agreed to our Code of Conduct .
CBM will disable users who knowingly commit plagiarism , piracy , trademark or copyright infringement .
Please contact us for expeditious removal of copyrighted / trademarked content .
Learn more about our copyright and trademark policies HERE
Related Headlines
Children burn more than four times as many calories per minute playing an active video game than playing a seated game , and their heart rate is also significantly higher with the active game , according to a report in the September issue of Archives of Pediatrics & Adolescent Medicine , one of the JAMA / Archives journals .
Video and computer gaming is rapidly becoming the preferred leisure - time activity for school - aged children , according to background information in the article .
In the last decade , computer and video game sales have increased by $ 5.2 billion and more than 83 percent of U.S. children age 8 to 18 have video game players in their bedrooms .
At the same time , obesity rates continue to increase worldwide ; sedentary activities such as seated game - playing may contribute .
The gaming industry has begun producing active " extertainment " gaming systems , the authors note .
" A recent active gaming concept that allows players to experience various activities ( e.g. , bowling , fishing , tennis , golf ) in a virtual world is the XaviX gaming system ( SSD Company Ltd. , Shiga , Japan ) , " the authors write .
" In addition to the exercise gaming modalities , the XaviX system includes a gaming mat ( XaviX J - Mat ) that allows participants to travel the streets of Hong Kong at a walk or a run , avoiding obstacles and stamping out ninjas . "
Robin R. Mellecker , B.Sc. , and Alison M. McManus , Ph.D. , of the Institute of Human Performance , University of Hong Kong , Pokfulam , measured heart rate and energy ( calorie ) expenditure in 18 children age 6 to 12 ( average age 9.6 ) during a 25 - minute gaming protocol .
Participants rested for five minutes , then played a seated computer bowling game , an active bowling game and the action / running game for five minutes each , with five minutes of rest between active games .
Compared with resting , children burned 39 percent more calories per minute playing a seated game , 98 percent more playing active bowling and 451 percent more during the action / running game .
When compared with seated gaming , they burned 0.6 more calories playing active bowling and 3.9 more calories per minute playing on the action mat .
" This translates into a more than four - fold increase in energy expenditure for the XaviX J - Mat game , " the authors write .
" Preventing weight gain requires an energy adjustment of approximately 150 kilocalories [ calories ] per day .
The four - fold increase in energy expenditure when playing on the XaviX J - Mat would fill the proposed energy gap , if this game were played for 35 minutes a day . "
In addition , participants ' heart rate was significantly higher during either active game than during rest ( 20 more beats per minute for active bowling and 79 more beats per minute for the action / running game ) , and also was higher during the action mat gaming than during seated gaming .
" Our data demonstrate that the two active gaming formats result in meaningful increases in energy expenditure compared with the seated screen environment , " the authors conclude .
" The next step is to test whether active gaming interventions can provide sustainable increases in childhood physical activity . "
( Arch Pediatr Adoles Med . 2008 ; 162[9] :886-891.
Available pre-embargo to the media at www.jamamedia.org.)
Editor 's Note : This study was funded by the University of Hong Kong Research Council Strategic Research Theme Public Health .
Please see the article for additional information , including other authors , author contributions and affiliations , financial disclosures , funding and support , etc .
Editorial : Active Gaming May Be Part of the Solution to Obesity Crisis
The study " findings show that kids who play the new generation of video games requiring physical activity expend energy at levels that could help to prevent overweight , " writes Russell R. Pate , Ph.D. , of the University of South Carolina School of Public Health , Columbia , in an accompanying editorial .
" This observation is important because electronic entertainment is not going away .
So , if we want to promote physical activity in the context of contemporary society , we will have to fight fire with fire .
Physically active video gaming may be part of the antidote to the poisonous growth of sedentary entertainment . "
" Some previous research has shown that reducing sedentary entertainment can beneficially affect body composition in youth , so there is support for the efficacy of this approach , " Dr. Pate concludes .
" What is lacking is a clear sense of how we can take this strategy to the population level .
Substituting physically active video gaming for sedentary gaming is an attractive option .
The economics of this strategy could work at the societal level .
If that proves to be true , the video gaming industry and the kids themselves will solve the problem .
We ought to find out if they will . "
( Arch Pediatr Adoles Med . 2008 ; 162[9]:895-896 .
Available pre-embargo to the media at www.jamamedia.org.)
Editor 's Note : Please see the article for additional information , including author contributions and affiliations , financial disclosures , funding and support , etc .
Source : JAMA and Archives Journals
( CNN ) -- Can Google make you smarter ?
Is the more you Yahoo , the better ?
A new study suggests that searching online could be beneficial for the brain .
Searching online triggers areas of the brain that control decision - making and complex reasoning .
A study at the University of California , Los Angeles , measured brain activity of older adults as they searched the Web .
" There 's so much interest in exercising our minds as we age , " said the researcher , Dr. Gary Small , a professor at the Semel Institute for Neuroscience and Human Behavior at UCLA .
" One result of this study is that these technologies are not all bad .
They may be good in keeping our brains active . "
To study what brains look like when people are searching the Internet , Small recruited two groups of people : one that had minimal computer experience and another that was Web savvy .
Members of the technologically advanced group had more than twice the neural activation than their less experienced counterparts while searching online .
Activity occurred in the region of the brain that controls decision - making and complex reasoning , according to Small 's study , which appears in the American Journal of Geriatric Psychiatry .
Small said he can't pinpoint why there was more brain activity in the experienced users .
" The way I theorized is that when we are confronted with new mental challenges , we do n't know how to deal with it , " he said .
" We do n't engage neural circuits .
Once we figure out a strategy , we engage those circuits . "
In the study , 24 people were divided into the two groups , who were similar in age ranging from 55 to 78 years old , sex and educational achievement .
Their only difference was their technological experience .
The number of people in the study was small , " but adequate to see a difference between the groups .
It was so significantly different , " Small said .
The subjects went into the magnetic resonance imaging , or MRI , scanner , which is like a large tunnel .
The MRI monitored their brain activity while the subjects strapped on goggles , through which they saw a book page or an Internet search page .
They were given search tasks such as finding out how to choose a car or looking up the benefits of eating chocolate or drinking coffee .
They had buttons and keyboards to conduct a simulated online search .
Their other task was to read pages laid out like a book .
" The bottom line is , when older people read a simulated book page , we see areas of the brain activated that you 'd expect , the visual cortex , and areas that control language and reading , " he said .
" When they search on the Internet , they use the same areas , but there was much greater activation particularly in the front part , which controls decision - making and complex reasoning .
But it was only for the people who had previous experience with the Internet . "
Interactive : See MRIs of study participants ' brain activity »
Liz Zelinski , a professor of gerontology and psychology at the University of Southern California , said the findings about the brain activity differences are n't surprising and offered this analogy : " If you wanted to study how hard people can exercise , and you take people that already exercise and people that do n't exercise , are n't they going to be different to start out ? "
Research has shown that as the brain ages , its structure and function also changes .
Such changes have been linked to declines in brain speed , control and working memory and other cognitive abilities .
Taking on mentally challenging tasks could improve brain health , according to recent studies .
Brain teasers , such such as Nintendo's Brain
Age game and computer programs are geared towards boomers and aging adults .
And everyone has different recommendations from crossword puzzles to Sodoku to video games as ways to keep the brain sharp , Zelinski said .
Her recommendation : " Do something hard and challenging that 's fairly unusual for them to do , something they have n't done before .
The idea is it should be difficult .
If you do a crossword puzzle all your life , it 's not going to be challenging for you . "
For many aging Americans , learning how to use a computer is a challenge .
The barrier for most seniors is the disinterest and intimidation , said Tobey Gordon Dichter , the founder of a nonprofit group , Generations on Line , a Philadelphia , Pennsylvania - based organization that provides instructions and encourages seniors to get on the Web .
" It does so much for the mind , " Dichter said about searching online .
" It allows for the mind to take where you where you want to go .
It 's on - demand information . "
But it 's difficult at first , she added .
" When you 're undertaking new frustrating tasks , like learning a language or how to use a computer , you 're pushing those neurons . "
The Pew Internet and American Life Project reported in a 2006 sample survey that about 32 percent of people who are 65 and older used the Internet .
Jewel Hall , 71 , surfs the net on her laptop every other day .
The Maryland resident said searching online forces her to think .
" It 'll make you think , ' Do I have the right thing in there ? ' " Hall said .
" Should I try to put something else in there ?
It makes you think , " What can I put in there to make the right things come up ? '
You do use your brain a lot . "
Small has written a book , " iBrain , " which examines the impact of technology on the human brain and said he wants to conduct further studies on the effects of technology on the organ .
Small encourages older adults to learn how to use search engines and said , " This could be exercising their brain and their neural circuitry in a way that 's helpful . "
All About Neurology • Aging and the Elderly • Internet
PC Pro is the UK 's number one IT monthly magazine , keeping readers up to speed on the latest technology developments since 1994 .
Order today to get your first 3 issues for just £ 1 ( normally £ 17.97 ) , plus you ’ll receive a FREE 26 - piece screwdriver set as a welcome gift .
Why subscribe ?
We specialise in insight : what 's the best technology to buy for home and business .
War stories from IT consultants .
Provocative features that always cause debate .
What impact the latest developments will have ( and what the headlines do n't tell you ) .
In - depth advice on getting more from the kit you already own .
Investigative journalism unmatched by any technology publication in the UK .
Today we showcase our favorite examples of unusual clock designs .
Directors Edition Digital Alarm Clock
And Cut !
For all you aspiring directors , movie freaks , and people just interested in funky looking clocks , Chinavasion presents this director ’s clapper - board shaped alarm clock .
Looking and acting exactly like a director digital slate , this cool looking desktop accessory displays the date , and the time all the way down to deci-seconds .
[ order ]
Digimech Clock
Numbers are printed on vertical sliders and only reveal themselves when shifted into perfect alignment with the ‘ display box ’ .
When not aligned they look like random , alien forms .
Wood Plinth Clock
A slice of natural acacia with a clear lacquer finish .
TimeSphere Wall Clock
Gideon Dagan ’s clock captures the essence of pure , minimalist design .
A seemingly gravity - defying ball travels around the dial to mark the time , creating an eye - catching illusion .
Orbit Clock
With its original elliptical hands this clock changes shape like a satellite changes orbit .
Every minute of every hour orbit creates a new shape on your wall .
Retro Flip Down Clock
Retro and incredibly slick looking gear operated metallic flip down clock for adding flair to any desktop or table .
A true eye catcher , this retro designed timepiece will accurately tell the time all day long .
Tubes Clock
The Tubes Clock is a beautiful novelty clock that is a masterpiece of engineering , six tubes on a crafted wooden base , shows the time in red LED , simply stunning .
Tik Tak Clock
Clock designed by Miriam Van Der Lubbe and Niels Van Eijk : “ I wanted to express time differently – with a decorative impact as well as a practical function .
The powder coated shades of grey give depth to the piece , whilst the red second hand emphasises time ’s continual movement . ”
Lunar Eclips Clock
Solar and Lunar Eclips are such rare natural occurances that often leave us in awe .
Would n’t it be great if we can repeat this uncommon phenomena every hour in our own room ?
Doing Time Clock
“ Doing Time ” makes reference to the scratched wall notations of a prisoner who uses mark making to denote the passing of time in order to preserve his humanity .
Book Table Clock
Put this table clock with your books and create the illusion .
rnd_time Infinite Wall Clock
The most unusual feature of this clock lies in its entirely random application to the wall , hence the name “ rnd_time ” , where “ rnd ” is used to indicate the random factor .
Each cube is made in nylon plastic , one cube for each hour , another to house the clock hands and battery .
The Rim Clock
The Rim Clock turns all that you know about clocks inside out .
Instead of staying put and pointing to numbers like the hands of other , more well - behaved clocks , the hands on the Rim Clock are actually protrusions that go around the outside and point to the wall .
Decode Clock
What time is it ?
The numbers immediately become apparent when the minute hand intersects with the codes .
Silver Spike Clock
Contemporary clock by Nextime which is aptly named the Silver Spike Clock .
The clock features a 12 arm design and matching silver hands .
Just a Moment Clock
By creating a sequence of analog hours , minutes and seconds , the ‘ Just a Moment ’ clock both allows us to focus on each chronometric subdivision and forces us to reconsider the familiar angular relationships and shapes of a concentric clock ’s hands .
Wall - mountable .
White Matrix Wall Clock
White Matrix Wall Clock is the first world time clock with five displays using the atomic signal from DCF - 77 , the atomic clock radio station located in Frankfurt , Germany .
Not only is the time shown extremely accurate but all five times are synchronized .
Dali Clock
Inspired by Salvador Dali ’s surreal paintings , the Dali clock by Chillichilly is perfect compliment to those days when you want to watch time melt away .
Time Flies Clock
“ Time Flies ” are a random congregation of domestic pests who organize themselves in a way which makes them useful by demarcating the twelve numbers of the clock .
Also check out : Top 10 Brilliant Watch Designs
LONDON , England ( CNN ) --
The family of a British soldier serving in Afghanistan has been forced from their home after a poisonous spider hitched a ride back with him and apparently killed their pet dog .
The camel spider 's bite is not deadly to humans but can kill small animals .
Lorraine Griffiths and her three children , aged 18 , 16 , and 4 , moved out of their house in Colchester , southeast England , and are refusing to return until the spider is apprehended , the UK Press Association reported .
Griffiths told the East Anglian Daily Times that the spider appeared after her husband , Rodney , returned from a four - month tour of duty in Helmand province , the arid southern Afghan frontline in the fight against Taliban extremists .
" My son Ricky was in my bedroom looking for his underwear , and he went into the drawer under my bed , and something crawled across his hand , " she told the paper .
She said their pet dog Cassie confronted the creature , which they identified on the Internet as a camel spider , but ran out whimpering when it hissed at her .
Watch the family that has been terrorized by the spider »
" It seems too much of a coincidence that she died at the same time that we saw the spider , " she said .
The desert - dwelling camel spider , actually an insect rather than an arachnid , can run up to 25 kilometers ( 15 miles ) an hour and reach 15 centimeters ( 6 inches ) in length .
Its bite is not deadly to humans but can kill small animals .
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
It looks like the idea of a P2P - powered YouTube is finally becoming reality , albeit without any contribution from Google .
Singapore Shanghai - based P2P start - up PPLive , which we previously covered for its hugely successful P2P video platform , is experimenting with a P2P accelerator for Flash video streams .
The application , which is dubbed PPVA , essentially distributes the stream of any popular Flash video from sites like YouTube via P2P without any involvement of the hosting server .
[ digg=http://digg.com/tech_news/P2P_is_Coming_to_YouTube]
PPLive began a Chinese - language only beta test of PPVA in June , and says it already clocked more than 10 million downloads , with the maximum number of simultaneous users being as high as 500,000 .
We tested PPVA with some popular YouTube videos , and the results are intriguing — especially if you consider what this could mean for online video hosters and content delivery networks alike .
PPVA , which is so far only available for Windows , is essentially a small plug - in that just sits in your task bar until it detects a Flash video stream .
The app then finds out whether other PPVA users have accessed and cached the same clip ; if that ’s the case , it will request some of the data from them .
A small status window shows where the data for each clip comes from , as well as other details .
So how well does it work ?
That really depends on the popularity of the clip in question .
Access one of YouTube ’s most popular videos , and only the first few bytes are requested from the server .
After that , P2P distribution kicks in and that number quickly rises to 100 percent .
Other popular videos show P2P distribution rates of around 30 percent , whereas more obscure stuff comes straight from YouTube ’s servers .
PPVA also seems to work quite well with popular CollegeHumor videos , but there was no P2P distribution available on Vimeo or Blip .
In fact , in some cases the plug - in seemed to make things worse , causing noticeable stuttering during playback of some clips , while crashing with others .
Those beta woes aside , the potential implications of something like PPVA are huge .
Google could save a whole bunch of money on YouTube traffic without actually doing a thing , and smaller hosters could avoid embarrassing server downtime that so commonly occurs when a clip suddenly becomes popular .
PPVA could also make P2P CDN offerings like BitTorrent ’s DNA obsolete .
After all , why would anyone pay for P2P content distribution if users can do it for free ?
Of course , some content providers might be uneasy about not being asked whether they want their videos distributed via P2P .
This becomes an even bigger issue when advertisers start requesting more detailed statistics about online video usage .
PPLive told us that every video gets an initial request from the hosting server , which should allow video hosters to keep a tally of requests and viewers .
But Google is reportedly moving towards a more detailed statistical analysis that looks at which parts of a video are being watched and which are skipped .
PPVA could seriously distort these statistics .
Does that mean Google will get upset about PPLive ’s experiment ?
Only if they ’re hypocrites : Google invested $ 5 million in a Chinese P2P startup called Xunlei in late 2006 .
And guess what ?
Xunlei ’s download manager is doing for files pretty much the same thing PPVA is doing for video streams , speeding up http downloads through P2P without consent of the original hosting provider .
PPLive has told me that an English - language version of the plug - in will be available in about a month .
Asked about ways to monetize PPVA , PPLive ’s James Seng had this to say : “ It ’s new .
It ’s cool .
We will figure out the rest later . ”
Murray Waas has a breaking story on his site about the US Attorney 's scandal :
A report to be made public tomorrow morning by the Justice Department detailing findings of its investigation into the firings of nine U.S. attorneys will say that the efforts of investigators were severely stymied in large part by the lack of cooperation by some Bush administration officials and others outside the Department , according to sources who have seen the report .
The investigation was conducted jointly by the Justice Department 's Inspector General ( IG ) and the Department 's Office of Professional Responsibility ( OPR . )
Both of those internal watchdogs have no potential prosecutorial power , but can make recommendations that career prosecutors take up their work after they finish their final report .
It is unclear whether Attorney General Michael Mukasey will do so ... read on
International From free trade to the Kosovo crisis .
The Dark Side of Rev. Moon Rev. Sun Myung Moon and American politics .
Media Crisis
Is the national media a danger to democracy ?
The 2000 Campaign Recounting the controversial campaign .
Who Is Bob Gates ?
The secret world of Defense Secretary Gates
Is Putin Right on US Politics & Georgia ?
The major U.S. news media is mocking Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin as delusional to suspect that U.S. politics – the need to boost Sen.
John McCain ’s campaign – was a factor in the recent Georgia - Russia clash .
But independent observers also have noted the prominence of McCain ’s neoconservative adviser Randy Scheunemann – a longtime lobbyist for Georgia – in the middle of the controversy .
( The written story continues below . )
Conservative Pat Buchanan has called Sheunemann " a dual loyalist , a foreign agent whose assignment is to get America committed to spilling the blood of her sons for client regimes who have made this moral mercenary a rich man . "
Journalist / historian Gareth Porter also notes how the United States has easily applied “ a double standard to condemn Russia . "
TheRealNews.com is an independent news network that produces stories of global interest .
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
Back to Home Page
To view this content you must create an account or log in Creating an account is
Here 's the comic !
Sorry it 's kind of sloppy , it was drawn in a hurry at Connecticon this afternoon .
Connecticon was ... interesting .
Thanks to everyone for coming by and thanks to George and Larom for being super - helpful .
Okay so I just got back from " Zappa Plays Zappa " and Dweezil Zappa has rendered me insensate .
See you tomorrow .
Ann Wilson , left , and Nancy Wilson of Heart perform on stage in Los Angeles in April .
GOP gets no love from musicians
What is it with Republicans and musical artists ?
Bruce Springsteen got piping mad when Ronald Reagan used “ Born in the U.S.A. ” on the campaign trail in 1984 .
Then Tom Petty threatened to sue George W. Bush in 2000 when the then - presidential hopeful co-opted “ I Wo n’t Back Down . ”
And earlier in this year ’s primaries , the guitarist from the band Boston got miffed because Mike Huckabee was playing bass ( yes , playing bass ) on “ More Than a Feeling ” on the road .
Advertisement
Cease - and - desist letters from musicians have rained down like confetti on Republicans over the years .
But nothing compares to the virtual commune full of left - leaning artists who are mad at John McCain right now , though , in most cases , they have no legal basis to stop him from using their songs .
Let ’s start with the band Heart , whose thumping 1977 hit “ Barracuda ” was blasted in the Xcel Energy Center just after McCain ’s acceptance speech at the Republican National Convention as the vice presidential nominee , Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , joined him amid dropping balloons .
The song was meant as a cool tip of the hat to Palin ’s nickname , “ Sarah Barracuda , ” when she was a cutthroat high school basketball star .
It could have been to the 2008 Republican ticket what Fleetwood Mac ’s “ Do n’t Stop ( Thinking About Tomorrow ) ” was to the Democratic ticket in 1992 : a fun and inspiring anthem that would cue up and roll in voters ’ heads to positive effect whenever they laid eyes on the vice presidential pick .
Instead , it backfired .
The day after McCain ’s speech , Heart ’s labels , Universal Music and Sony BMG , released a statement asking the campaign to , well , cease and desist .
“ The Republican campaign did not ask for permission to use the song , nor would they have been granted permission , ” Heart ’s Ann and Nancy Wilson wrote on their website .
“ We have asked the Republican campaign not to use our music .
We hope our wishes will be honored . ”
They were n’t .
The McCain campaign responded by continuing to use “ Barracuda ” on the trail .
“ I feel completely f — — - over , ” Nancy Wilson wrote to Entertainment Weekly .
Van Halen is not happy , either .
Right before McCain unveiled Palin as his vice presidential pick in Dayton , Ohio , his team played Van Halen ’s “ Right Now . ”
A few hours later , the band ’s publicist announced that the campaign was never granted permission to use the track , and said that had permission been sought , it would not have been granted .
Ouch .
And then there ’s John Mellencamp , who had his agent call the McCain campaign when he learned it was using “ Pink Houses ” and “ Our Country ” on the trail in February .
“ John said to me , ‘ Do n’t they know whose songs these are ?
Please tell them who I am : a left - wing Democrat , ’ ” said Bob Merlis , Mellencamp ’s publicist .
Then John Hall , co-founder of the band Orleans and coincidentally a Democratic New York congressman , asked the McCain camp to stop using “ Still the One ” early this summer .
What do all the cease - and - desist letters and testy calls amount to legally , though ?
Not much , if the songwriters licensed the public performance rights to their music to the American Society of Composers , Authors and Publishers or Broadcast Music Inc .
And the vast majority of artists , including Heart , have done that .
Buying an ASCAP or BMI license allows a venue ( or a campaign , if it purchases a traveling blanket license ) to play any of about 8 million songs during their events .
Though it might be a nice courtesy , the licensees are not obligated to call the artist to discuss .
The McCain - Palin campaign told Politico that in 2007 it purchased both ASCAP and BMI licenses that cover the use of tunes for all public events .
Campaign spokesman Ben Porritt said , “ Our campaign respects copyrights and obtains licenses whenever the law requires , and any suggestion otherwise is flat wrong . ”
Though an ASCAP or BMI license is usually all it takes out on the campaign trail , if artists are really mad and feel the use of their music appeared to be an endorsement by them , the artist can sue under various states ’ laws about right of publicity , charging false advertising .
Another option would be to sue under the Lanham Act , in relation to trademark law .
In the case of “ Barracuda , ” “ You could argue that this is a form of implied endorsement by the members of Heart , and the writers of the song , and you need their permission to do that , ” explained longtime music industry copyright lawyer David Altschul .
None of the artists who have spoken out against the public performance of their songs for McCain ’s campaign appearances have taken this tack yet .
On the Obama side ?
So far , no such trouble from the mostly left - leaning musicians whose songs he uses .
An Obama campaign spokesman told Politico , “ We have n’t heard any complaints from any of the artists whose music we ’ve used at any of our events , ” and that includes Brooks & Dunn , whose anthemic country song “ Only in America ” was played just after Obama ’s acceptance speech in Denver .
Interestingly , that particular tune had been widely used by Republicans in previous campaigns .
A whole other ball of wax , so to speak , from playing someone ’s song at public events is using an artist ’s work in campaign ads .
On that front this year , McCain has gotten slaps from Jackson Browne , Mike Myers and Warner Music over a Frankie Valli hit .
The biggest slap :
In August , ultra-liberal singer / songwriter Browne filed suit against McCain , the Republican National Committee and the Ohio Republican Party for using “ Running on Empty ” in a TV ad that ran in Ohio and Pennsylvania mocking Obama ’s suggestion that Americans conserve gas by checking their tire gauges .
Browne said the ad created the impression that he supports the campaign , which he emphatically does not .
Damages sought could run in excess of $ 1 million .
The McCain campaign told Politico that questions about the ad should be taken up with the Ohio Republican Party .
Lawrence Iser , Browne ’s attorney , countered that there is evidence of a close working relationship between the Ohio GOP , the RNC and the McCain campaign .
The matter is pending ; all three defendants ’ responses to the suit are due in late October .
As for Myers , last month the comedian / actor asked that the Arizona Republican Party take down a Web ad that used a “ we ’re not worthy ” clip from his movie “ Wayne ’s World ” to mock Obama ’s popularity .
The ad was retooled without the “ Wayne ’s World ” clip and re-posted .
McCain ’s campaign used a similar remedy after Warner Music in July asserted a copyright claim against YouTube for running a McCain fundraising campaign fave known as the “ Obama Love ” video .
The video used Valli’s hit “ Ca n’t Take My Eyes Off You ” without permission .
The campaign has re-posted the video , but without Valli ’s croonings .
Iser , Browne ’s attorney , said that synchronization rights must be secured to edit a song or part of a song to sync up with video .
To use a sound recording of a certain artist with an ad , a master - use license must be purchased .
The McCain camp does n’t agree .
A legal adviser to the campaign said that using a short clip of a song or a short excerpt of copyrighted video falls under fair use .
Under U.S. copyright law , the fair use doctrine allows limited use of copyrighted material without requiring permission from the rights holder , for certain purposes such as teaching or critical review .
The Obama campaign has n’t been without a touch of embarrassment in the music department .
Just a few weeks ago , it reworked Sam Cooke ’s “ ( What a ) Wonderful World ” ( think : “ Do n’t know much about history ... ” ) for an ad that asserts that McCain , well , you know .
The publisher of the song , Abkco Music , issued a statement saying the partisan views of the message do n’t necessarily reflect the views of Abkco .
For the most part , rather than being a legal issue , this is looking far more like a bad PR issue for McCain .
Except for rapper Daddy Yankee , country singer John Rich ( of Big & Rich ) and “ country rapper ” Cowboy Troy , as well as some Christian singers , McCain seems to be striking out with musicians — publicly .
“ If an artist says ‘ Please stop ’ and you keep using their song , it looks arrogant and unseemly , which is not what the Republican Party needs right now , ” said Robert J. Thompson , a pop culture expert and director of the Bleier Center for Television and Popular Culture at Syracuse University .
He added that the McCain campaign ’s manhandling of songs , such as “ Barracuda , ” could backfire .
“ It ’s like if Burger King used a song in its ads from an artist who sings , ‘ I hate Burger King . ’
Every time you hear it , it cues you to think , ‘ There ’s that cool song by that artist who is a Democrat and does n’t want McCain using their song . ’
It serves as an anti-endorsement . ”
One musician who is not upset is Roger Fisher , the Heart guitarist who wrote “ Barracuda ” along with Ann and Nancy Wilson 31 years ago .
“ I do n’t like having anger and resentment , ” he said .
“ I would like to see this in a positive light .
It ’s positive for McCain in that he gets to use a great song .
It ’s positive for Ann and Nance because it allows them to shine a global spotlight on who it is that they do endorse .
And it ’s positive for Democrats because I ’m going to donate some of the royalties I get from this to the party .
It ’s a way for me to turn the tables and have the Republicans financing Barack Obama . ”
Suz Redfearn is a Falls Church , Va. - based freelance writer .
Editor 's note :
This story was updated to correct Bob Merlis ' title and the name of Cowboy Troy .
" And these things are in direct competition with the aims of increasing living standards and a healthy environment . "
During his flight to Sydney for World Youth Day , Pope Benedict XVI was asked about climate change and spoke of " our responsibility towards creation " .
" We need to reawaken our conscience … I want to give impulse to rediscovering our responsibilities and to finding an ethical way to change our way of life and ways to respond to these great challenges , " he said .
" We need to rediscover our Earth in the face of our God and creator and to re-find our responsibilities in front of our maker and the creatures of the Earth he has placed in our hands in trust . "
Cardinal Pell said his position was not incompatible with the Pope 's because the pontiff had said he would not get involved in the debate on the science or politics of global warming .
The Archbishop 's comments came on the eve of the official start to World Youth Day celebrations today at an opening Mass to be attended by 140,000 pilgrims in East Darling Harbour .
Overnight , the number of special - event clearways was scheduled to triple , and CBD arteries will close to traffic from 10 am .
The closures include all of George Street , which will become a pedestrian walkway for pilgrims for much of the day .
In a highly controversial Easter message two years ago , Cardinal Pell declared that Jesus had nothing to say about global warning , earning a rebuke from the leading Australian Anglican bishop and environment advocate , George Browning .
Yesterday Cardinal Pell said : " I think the approach of all of us would be like Francis of Assisi : we admire God 's handiwork in nature and through the miracles of modern technology we make it better .
" The Holy Father has said he is not going to enter the scientific debate on particularities , especially cause and effect .
" It 's even more difficult when you 're trying to predict what will happen in five or 10 or 15 or 20 or 100 years .
I myself am a little bit of of a sceptic .
That means I 'm open to the evidence about the claim that human activity is likely to produce a man-made catastrophe .
" I 'm well aware over hundreds of years that there have been great changes in the climate , and whether we are going through one of those changes or whether we are contributing to that , I do n't know .
Whether we are heading slowly towards an ice age or whether we are heading towards significant warming , I do n't know but I 'm pretty certain if you look at the figures the temperatures have dropped worldwide in the past 12 months . "
Dr Pearman said the Pope 's environmental message reflected growing recognition among faiths of the need for stewardship " on behalf of people of the Earth for their god or gods " .
Cardinal Pell 's scepticism was not unusual in the wider community but lacked an understanding of the level of consensus among scientists and should not be an excuse for inaction , Dr Pearman said .
" The vast majority of scientists are 90 per cent confident that what we are seeing is caused by greenhouse gases caused by human activities , " he said .
" Therefore , if we wait for 100 per cent certainty we run the risk of waiting too late and I would strongly argue that it is too late to avoid some of the significant impacts . "
The Archbishop of Adelaide and president of the Australian Bishops ' Conference , Philip Wilson , said the churches of his city were all too aware of the realities of a severe water shortage in the Murray - Darling basin .
Pilgrims had helped plant 20,000 trees on the outskirts of Adelaide .
" We 're not looking to enter into the debate about the theories behind this , " he said .
" What we 're saying is that the consequences of the present have very important effects on the lives of people and that decisions and actions have to be taken so we learn to live in this land . "
Cardinal Pell declined to comment further yesterday on the case of Anthony Jones , a former teacher who was sexually molested by a priest .
Cardinal Pell has referred the case to an independent church panel in light of the Pope 's planned apology to abuse victims .
He said he and his fellow bishops had already made a personal apology to the victims of sexual abuse but conceded more might be done to help .
" We are open to improving the situation , " he said .
" We 're keen to make a very difficult situation better .
It 's very hard to know how to do it . "
What Is Ubuntu ?
Ubuntu is open source software .
It is useful for Linux based computers .
The software is marketed by the Canonical Ltd. , Ubuntu community .
Ubuntu was first released in late October in 2004 .
The Ubuntu program uses Java , Python , C , C++ and C# programming languages .
What Is New ?
The version 17.04 is now available here is what is new :
Go From Your Desk to Millions of Screens with Your M6 .
Net Hosting Package
Get Your Email , Web Sites and Apps Up Right Now .
Get Your Customers , Friends and Family Up Too .
Fuel all your sites with applications , databases , scripts and a whole lot more .
Get total flexibility with a Windows hosting package from M6 .
Net .
All accounts ( shared and reseller ) are setup on cloud infrastrcture for maximum uptime and redundancy .
Your sites are not setup on individual servers , they are run on clusters of servers .
Getting your web site and email up and running is simple .
It ’s just a matter of a few clicks and you can have your web site up and working along with a rich mail server setup on our SmarterMail mail servers .
We include industrial strength spam filtering by default with NO EXTRA CHARGES .
The price you see on our accounts includes everything .
Most hosts offer a low price and sneak in the extras .
We do n’t .
ST . PAUL — Remember Pat Nixon 's " respectable Republican cloth coat ? "
It 's come a long way , baby .
To wit : According to Vanity Fair , Laura Bush 's outfit cost between $ 3,400 and $ 4,300 .
But of course that 's chump - change compared to the roughly $ 300,000 that Cindy McCain 's cost ( the biggest line - item being $ 280,000 for three - karat diamond earrings ) .
For those of you keeping track at home , Cindy McCain 's outfit could pay for a four bedroom , three bath , 3,400 square feet house in Wasilla .
The following is reprinted from The Best of Uncle John 's Bathroom Reader .
HOW THEY STARTED
There are so many different stories about the Stooges ' origin that it 's hard to know which is correct .
Probably none of them .
Anyway , here 's one that sounds good :
There was a vaudevillian named Ted Healy , a boyhood friend of Moe and Shemp Horwitz .
One night in 1922 , some acrobats working for him walked out just before a show .
Desperate , he asked Moe to fill in temporarily , as a favor .
Moe , in turn , got his brother Shemp out of the audience , and the three of them did an impromptu routine that had the audience in stitches .
Moe and Shemp loved the stage , so they changed their name from Horwitz to Howard and hit the road with their friend as " Ted Healy and the Gang " ( or " Ted Healy and His Stooges , " depending on who tells the story . )
In 1925 , the trio was on the lookout for another member and spotted Larry Fine ( real name : Louis Feinberg ) playing violin with an act called the " Haney Sisters and Fine . "
Why they thought he'd be a good Stooge is n't clear , since he 's never done comedy before .
But he joined as the third Stooge , anyway .
They traveled the vaudeville circuit for years under a variety of names , including Ted Healy and His Racketeers ...
His Southern Gentlemen ... His Stooges , etc .
Then they wound up in a Broadway revue in 1929 , which led to a movie contract .
In 1931 , Shemp quit and was replaced by his younger brother , Jerry .
Jerry had a full head of hair and a handsome mustache - but Healy insisted he shave them both off ... hence the name " Curly . "
Three years later , after a bitter dispute , the boys broke up with Healy .
They quickly got a Columbia film contract on their own , and the Three Stooges were born .
Here 's the very first Three Stooges short film , " Woman Haters " ( 1934 ) [ YouTube Link Part I | Part II ] , about 10 min. each .
Over the next 23 years , they made 190 short films - but no features .
For some reason , Harry Cohn , head of Columbia Pictures , would n't allow it ( despite the Stooges ' popularity and the fact that they were once nominated for an Oscar . )
From the '30s to the '50s , the Stooges had four personnel changes :
In 1946 , Curly suffered a stroke and retired ;
Shemp then returned to the Stooges until his death in 1955 ; he , in turn , was replaced by Joe Besser ( Joe ) and Joe DeRita ( Curly Joe ) .
INSIDE FACTS Two - Fingered Poker
One day backstage in the '30s , Larry , Shemp , and Moe were playing cards .
Shemp accused Larry of cheating .
After a heated argument , Shemp reached over and stuck his fingers in Larry 's eyes .
Moe , watching , thought it was hilarious ... and that 's how the famous poke - in - the - eyes routine was born .
Profitable Experience
By the mid-'50s , the average budget for a Three Stooges ' episode - including the stars ' salaries - was about $ 16,000 .
Depending on the time slot , Columbia Pictures can now earn more than that with one showing of the same film ... in one city .
So What If He 's Dead ?
By the mid-'50s the demand for short films had petered out .
So , in 1957 , Columbia unceremoniously announced they were n't renewing the Stooges ' contracts .
Moe and Larry were devastated .
After 23 years , what else would they do ?
Moe was rich from real estate investments , but Larry was broke - which made it even harder .
They decided to get a third Stooge ( Curly and Shemp were dead ) and go back on tour .
Joe DeRita , " Curly Joe , " was selected .
They started making appearances in third - rate clubs , just to have work .
Meanwhile , Columbia , hoping to get a few bucks out of its old Stooge films , released them to TV at bargain prices .
They had no expectations , so everyone ( particularly Moe and Larry ) was shocked when , in 1959 , the Stooges emerged as the hottest kids ' program in America .
Suddenly the Stooges had offers to make big - time personal appearances and new films .
And they 've been American cult heroes ever since .
Can Africa gain in the credit crisis ?
By Martin Plaut
BBC News
Is the credit crisis about to send Africa into yet another downward spiral ?
Perhaps not .
In fact it is possible that the continent could fare better than the rest of the world .
This is at least in part because most African economies have been so marginal to the international economic system that they have been less affected than other regions of the globe .
Many countries have regulations which prevented them from investing in the so - called ' toxic ' financial products
Davinder Sikand
Aureos Africa Fund Davinder Sikand , managing partner for the Aureos Africa Fund , which has $ 400 m ( £ 236 m ) invested in the continent , says that Africa 's banks have been so conservatively managed that they have almost no exposure to the sub - prime market that has caused such havoc elsewhere in the world .
" Most of our financial institutions are not directly impacted , " he says .
" Many countries have regulations which prevented them from investing in the so - called ' toxic ' financial products . "
The International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) takes a similar view and says there is no systemic risk to any African country in terms of banking .
But if most African states have been relatively insulated from the credit crunch , the same cannot be said of the most developed economy on the continent - South Africa .
South Africa is affected in at least two ways :
The rand has been severely hit , experiencing record falls as international investors claw back their money to meet more urgent needs at home .
South Africa has run a sizeable balance of payments deficit in recent years , financed by foreign investment and this has been flowing out of the country
Unlike many other African countries , South Africa has relied on raising large sums on international markets .
The state 's electricity supply company , Eskom , needs to raise more than $ 30 bn ( £ 17 bn ) over the next five years , but had to delay issuing bonds in the current market conditions .
But the rest of Africa does not get off scot free .
Growth rates
If the world goes into a slump , demand for Africa 's commodities will fall , taking export earnings with them .
China has an insatiable appetite for Africa 's resources Oil prices have halved from $ 147 ( £ 87 ) a barrel to $ 70 ( £ 41 ) .
Although this will hit countries like Angola , Chad , Nigeria , and Sudan , most based their budgets on conservative oil prices and will not be too severely affected .
Nigeria 's budget - for example - is based on a benchmark price of $ 62.50 ( £ 37 ) a barrel .
Copper has also fallen , which will have a substantial effect on Zambia and the Democratic Republic of Congo .
But these are likely to be short - term effects , as China has an almost insatiable appetite for minerals .
It is likely to dent growth rates , which have averaged around 5 % a year over the last 10 years .
Before this autumn 's financial meltdown , the IMF was predicting growth of 6.6 % this year ; now it is predicting a 3 % growth .
Mr Sikand agrees .
" There is likely to be a slowdown in African economies , but instead of talking about a 6 % or 7 % growth rate , you are talking about 3 % , 4 % or 5 % growth . "
' Hopeless continent ' ?
Economists believe Africa 's growth is more solidly based than it has been in previous years .
If you are a direct investor ... then political risk affects your every waking hour
Farouk Soussa
Standard and Poor 's
And it is not just the obvious oil - producing countries that have been benefitting .
Countries like Botswana , Ghana , Mozambique , Tanzania , Uganda and Zambia have all done well in recent years .
So what has really improved Africa 's economic prospects ?
Major injections of foreign aid have helped , as have the billions sent back in remittances .
But probably the most important factor has been the improvement in economic management .
Razia Khan heads Standard Chartered Bank's African research effort .
" In recent year 's we 've seen improved macro- economic management ; bringing budget deficits down , not having high rates of inflation , bringing interest rates down , " says Ms Khan .
" This has helped change the prospects in Africa . "
But if the future looks brighter in some countries , the same cannot be said right across the continent .
Democracy reduces risk , say investors Africa still has its fair share of instability .
There is Sudan 's western region of Darfur , Somalia and eastern DR Congo for a start - and that is before anyone mentions Zimbabwe .
Farouk Soussa deals with Africa for the international credit rating agency , Standard and Poor's .
For someone like him - advising international investors on whether to put their cash into African projects - risk is a constant headache .
" If you are a direct investor , and you are going to buy up a company , then political risk affects your every waking hour - from corruption , to changes in rules , to violence and crime , " he says .
" But with the push for democratisation , there has been a reduction in risk . "
Once the dust settles from the current credit crisis , the prospects for African growth look distinctly promising .
It may just be that it can - at last - shrug off its label once given it by the Economist magazine as " the hopeless continent " .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Lolli : A Linear Logic Programming Language
Based on the web page by Josh Hodas , written 26 July 1995 .
Recent updates by Dale Miller .
Table of Contents
Introduction
Lolli is a logic programming language based on a fragment of linear logic .
As such it allows the programmer to exercise a significant degree of control over the pattern of use of certain program clauses ( or resources ) during proof search .
The language was designed by Josh Hodas and Dale Miller and is described in the papers listed below .
Logic Programming in a Fragment of Intuitionistic Linear Logic , by Joshua S. Hodas and Dale Miller , Information and Computation , Vol. 110 , No. 2 , May 1 , 1994 , pp. 327-365 . ( DVI , Postscript ) .
Logic Programming in Intuitionistic Linear Logic : Theory , Design , and Implementation , by Joshua S. Hodas , Ph.D. Dissertation from University of Pennsylvania , Department of Computer and Information Science , May 1994 .
Available as University of Pennsylvania Technical Reports MS - CIS - 92 -28 or LINC LAB 269 ( Postscript ) .
Lolli : An Extension of Prolog with Linear Logic Context Management , by Joshua S. Hodas , Proceedings of the 1992 Workshop on the Prolog Programming Language , Philadelphia , Summer 1992 .
Dale Miller , ed. ( PDF ) .
See also : Overview of linear logic programming , by Dale Miller .
Accepted as a chapter in the book Linear Logic in Computer Science , edited by Thomas Ehrhard , Jean - Yves Girard , Paul Ruet , and Phil Scott .
Cambridge University Press . ( PostScript , DVI , PDF ) .
An older survey article is also available .
Hodas has implemented a version of Lolli for version 0.93 of Standard ML of New Jersey and released it in 1992 .
Version 0.701 of Lolli is available with the source code for the interpreter and examples of Lolli sources .
It seems that the most active implementation effort on Lolli now is being done on the language and compiler called LLP at Kobe University .
Motivations for the Development of Lolli
One way to understand Lolli is as a refinement of the logic of the language Prolog .
The language Prolog extends the logic of horn clauses by allowing the use of implication not just in clauses , but also in goals .
( This is just one of several significant ways that Prolog extends Prolog .
It also offers higher - order unification , arbitrarily scoped quantifiers , and types , to name just a few of its features . )
The meaning of the goal D G is based on the bottom - up reading of the standard rule for proving an implication formula in intuitionistic logic :
That is , the system should first load the clause D into the current program , and then try to prove the goal G using the augmented program .
There are two important differences between implication goals in Prolog and the use of assert in Prolog .
First , whereas any logic variables contained in a clause added using assert are automatically closed with a universal quantifier , the variables in a clause added using an implication are not .
So , the interpreter must be prepared to deal with live logic variables in the program .
Second , regardless of whether the goal G suceeds or fails , the assumed clause is discharged as soon as the proof attempt is finished .
Thus the assumption is scoped only over the subordinate goal .
While the use of intuitionistic implications to augment the goal language has been used to great success , two papers published in 1991 showed the limitations of this approach :
Representing Objects in a Logic Programming Language with Scoping Constructs , by Joshua S. Hodas and Dale Miller .
Proceedings of the Seventh International Conference on Logic Programming , Jerusalem , June 1990 .
David H. D. Warren and Peter Szeredi , eds. pp. 511-526 M.I.T. Press .
Extending Definite Clause Grammars with Scoping Constructs , by Remo Pareschi and Dale Miller .
Proceedings of the Seventh International Conference on Logic Programming , Jerusalem , June 1990 .
David H. D. Warren and Peter Szeredi , eds. pp. 373-389 . M.I.T. Press . ( DVI , Postscript ) .
Related Systems
Prolog is , as described above , the parent of Lolli .
It is based on the logic of Higher - Order Hereditary Harrop Formulas , a fragment of ordinary ( that is , not Linear ) Intuitionistic logic .
It extends Prolog in two directions .
The term language is extended to allow arbitrary - terms with full higher - order unification .
The formula language is extended to allow use of arbitrarily nested universal quantifiers and implications .
The use of the latter is described above .
Prolog was proposed and developed by Dale Miller and Gopalan Nadathur .
In order to determine whether a logic more expressive than Horn clauses ( the logic of Prolog ) could still be seen as the foundation of a logic programming language , Miller and Nadathur carefully analyzed the notion of goal - directedness and made the following definition .
A proof is goal directed ( or , in their words , uniform ) if whenever a sequent has a non-atomic formula as its right hand side ( that is , as the goal ) then the rule used at that point is the one to decompose the goal .
Logic programming , as distinct from theorem proving , can be seen as the search for uniform proofs .
A logic is appropriate as a foundation of a logic programming language if uniform proofs are complete for that logic .
This idea , in one form or another , underlies the design of all of the languages mentioned here .
Lolli for Alice is an implementation of Lolli in the functional programming language Alice that has been used at the University of Edinburgh for Dialogue Planning .
Forum is an extension to Lolli .
Unlike Lolli , and Prolog , however , it is based on the multiple - conclusion ( classical ) system rather than the intuitionistic one .
Since there can be multiple goals active at once , it is natural to think of Forum as representing a parallel computation , rather than simply a sequential one .
The design of Forum required extending the notion of Uniform Proof to the multiple - conclusion setting .
Miller made the natural choice , saying that a multiple - conclusion proof is uniform if , when there is a non-atomic goal on the right hand side , the last rule acts to decompose one such goal .
Further , for uniform proofs to be said to be complete , it must be that any of the non-atomic goals could be decomposed at that point .
While Miller was guided by the notion of uniform proof in his design of Forum , he was not designing a programming language .
As such , goal directed proofs ( as defined by uniformity ) only go so far .
In particular , the language allows one to provide a " program " clause that has the operator ( one of Linear Logic 's two falsehoods ) as its head .
Such a clause can be used to backchain for any atomic goal .
This will inevitably lead to endless loops in any depth - first implementation .
At present Miller , Hodas , and Jeff Polakow are analyzing Forum to identify the fragment that makes sense as a logic programming language .
A preliminary implementation will be available shortly .
LO were the earliest proposals for a Linear Logic based logic programming logic .
Like Forum it is based on a multiple - conclusion fragment of Linear Logic , and its design was motivated by the desire to implement a parallel , object - oriented language .
The fragment of Linear Logic used is quite small .
It essentially extends Horn clauses by allowing the heads of clauses to be formed not just of atoms , but of multisets of atoms joined by the par operator .
Thus LO execution can be seen as largely multi-set rewriting .
Linlog extends LO by adding several additional operators .
In fact , like Forum , the fragment is complete for Linera Logic .
It 's operational flavor is determinde by a notion of goal - directed proofs called Focusing Proofs which are closely related to Uniform Proofs .
LO and LinLog were proposed and developed by Jean - Marc Andreoli and Remo Pareschi .
Lygon is a Linear Logic programming language based on a fragment of multiple - conclusion ( classical ) linear logic .
Like the other languages described here the logic fragment that underlies the language was chosen based on the requirement that uniform proofs ( goal directed proofs ) be complete for that fragment .
However , the definition of uniform proof chosen differs from that used in the design of Forum .
In particular , whereas Forum requires that a sequent be provable only if any non-atomic formula on the right hand side can be selected for decomposition , Lygon requires only that some such formula be selectable .
Lygon was first proposed by James Harland and David Pym .
An Annotated Bibliography
Among other legendary TV show intros , I posted the intro to PBS ' Mystery !
the other day , and the enthusiastic response from our readers who had n't seen it in some time but remembered it fondly convinced me that we need more on the site in that vein , and stat .
Unfortunately , that intro was Edward Gorey only animated piece ; fortunately , there 's plenty of material out there that either inspired Gorey or was inspired by him .
Let 's take a look .
The Tell - Tale Heart
This classic 1953 animated short features James Mason as the narrator ( film buffs will remember him as the lecherous protagonist of Kubrick 's Lolita , among countless other roles ) and an understated , subtly creepy style that seems way ahead of its time .
A classic rendition of a classic American story .
Vincent
Tim Burton 's breakout short film ( well , besides Frankenweenie ) was clearly inspired by Gorey , a stop - motion animation that seems to both hearken back to the old days of animation and foretell the coming of films like Corpse Bride and The Nightmare Before Christmas ( which he produced ) .
David Lynch 's " The Alphabet "
OK , this is n't exactly inspired by Edward Gorey , but it 's another macabre master 's breakout short animated film , and I just had to share it .
So experimental -- so creepy !
This picture of a brilliant red sunset , possibly enhanced by the dust from the eruption of Kasatochi volcano , was taken on Aug. 31 in Lawrence , Kansas .
The photographer said of it , " This sunset ... was very vivid and the bright rays popped out 15 minutes after the sun set . "
Reports of unusually fiery orange sunsets on Earth and ruby red rings around the planet Venus have popped up on the Internet in the last week .
Some skywatchers suspect that these views are being colored by the dust and gases injected into the atmosphere by the Aug. 7 eruption of Alaska 's Kasatochi volcano .
The skywatchers are probably right .
Kasatochi , part of the Aleutian Island chain , sent an ash plume more than 35,000 feet ( 10,600 meters ) into the atmosphere when it erupted last month .
[ Spaced Out ! 101 Astronomy Images That Will Blow Your Mind ]
" This is a big ash - producing eruption , " said Peter Cervelli , a research geophysicist with the United States Geological Survey at the Alaska Volcano Observatory .
During a survey of the area after the eruption , Cervelli and his colleagues found ashfall deposits more than 6 inches ( 15 centimeters ) deep at a spot 15.5 miles ( 25 kilometers ) away from the volcano .
The fine ash injected by a volcanic eruption into the stratosphere can be carried by winds all over the world .
Sulfur dioxide spewed from volcanoes can react in the atmosphere to form sulfate aerosols ( aerosols are tiny particles suspended in the air ) .
Both ash and aerosols can scatter the sun 's rays , giving a sunset its apparent color .
Particles in the air normally scatter incoming sunlight — this is why the sky is blue .
Sunsets ( and sunrises ) appear reddish because the sun 's rays have more of the atmosphere to travel through , and only the longer waves at the red end of the spectrum can make it .
Sulfate aerosols in particular can intensify this effect by adding more obstacles for the light to get through .
USGS researcher Melissa Pfeffer , also of the Alaska Volcano Observatory , said that the sunsets and other phenomena , which have been documented by Spaceweather.com , could indeed be related to the eruption of Kasatochi , as satellites tracking the eruption 's aerosol clouds show that they have spread over the entire Northern Hemisphere .
Sightings and images of unusually colorful sunsets and other atmospheric phenomena were first reported Aug. 27 .
Another colorful sight skywatchers have seen are rings of light , called Bishop 's rings , around the sun and moon , which occur when the aerosols diffract the light from either source .
" That 's a pretty common phenomenon after volcanic eruptions , " Pfeffer said , adding that the Venusian rings could be related to stratospheric ash from Kasatochi but that she was uncertain if they were technically Bishop 's rings .
Ruby red sunsets and Bishop 's rings were also seen after the monstrous eruption of the Philippines ' Mount Pinatubo in 1991 , Pfeffer added , though that eruption was on a much larger scale than Kasatochi .
In fact , the ash and aerosols that spewed from Pinatubo spread across the globe and were so pervasive that temperatures in the year after the eruption were cooler than normal .
Originally published on Live Science .
Amazon has acquired Orange County based games company Reflexive for an undisclosed sum .
Founded in 1997 , Reflexive has developed 15 games for the PC , Xbox 360 and Mac , and offers flash based games through their Reflexive Arcade website .
In 2005 , Reflexive ’s Wik and the Fable of Souls won 3 awards at the 2005 Independent Games Festival .
Founder LarsBrubaker noted in a post on the Reflexive website that the acquisition will given the company better access to Amazon ’s distribution channels :
It means we ’ll be able to expand our distribution network to include Amazon ’s amazing distribution channel .
With Amazon we will bring a huge new group of customers into play .
Ållen Stern at Centernetworks notes that gaming is still a hot vertical today , and it ’s a great space to be in .
( with help from Wikipedia )
John McCain and Sarah Palin should be very proud of the modern Republican party they ’ve helped to create .
The GOP has for years been a party far too cozy with hate and intolerance – with racists , anti-Semites , gay - bashers , and religious extremists – that ’s why many of us left the Republican party years ago .
And now John McCain and Sarah Palin , in a last - ditch effort to win at any cost , have whipped up calls for violence against their opponent that we ’ve never seen in an election season that I can recall .
Repeated calls at Palin / McCain rallies , and at election events around the country , for Obama to be assassinated .
That ’ll go over well with women and independents .
And the Republicans wonder why more and more people are fleeing their party .
John McCain and Sarah Palin have entered very dangerous territory here .
Let 's face it , drinking and data storage were made for each other .
So why has it taken so long for somebody to make a sharp looking 16 GB bottle opener ?
Beats me -- your guess is as good as mine .
Unless you guessed government conspiracy or ninjas , in which case your guess was even better .
Thumb drive / bottle opener combo is one seriously useful gadget [ dvice ]
Most Americans do n’t believe the government has responsibility for bailing out financial firms with taxpayer money , a core part of the rescue plan Congress is considering to halt the near - meltdown of the nation ’s financial markets , a Times / Bloomberg poll has found .
Reluctance to use public money to rescue private firms runs across the population , the poll found : Democrats and Republicans , high - income and low - income families alike .
Asked whether the government should use taxpayer dollars to rescue financial firms whose collapse could have adverse effects on the economy , 55 % of the poll ’s respondents said they did not believe the government should be responsible for funding a bailout plan .
However , opinions about the bailout plan appear to be malleable , perhaps because voters are still learning about the proposal .
When some of those who opposed a bailout were interviewed , several said they would reluctantly accept a bailout plan if Congress decided one was necessary .
Advertisement
“ It sticks in my craw , ” said Camille Woyak , 82 , a retired office worker in Appleton , Wis. , who said she opposed a bailout .
“ There should be some other solution .
But I think the taxpayers are going to have to cover it .
I do n’t know any other way out .
“ I lived through the Depression as a little girl , ” she added .
“ I do n’t want to go through that again . ”
Other polls have found that voters want the government to do something to prevent a financial collapse , even though they do n’t like the idea of footing the bill .
A poll released Tuesday by the Pew Research Center for the People and the Press , for example , found that 57 % of respondents think the government is doing the right thing by intervening to stabilize the economy .
The contrast between the Times / Bloomberg poll and the Pew survey probably reflects the different wording of their questions .
Advertisement
The Times / Bloomberg poll asked respondents whether they believed it was “ the government ’s responsibility to bail out private companies with taxpayers ’ dollars . ”
A majority said no .
The Pew poll , by contrast , asked respondents if “ investing billions to try to keep financial institutions and markets secure ” was the right thing to do .
A majority said yes .
“ These were two different questions , ” explained Susan Pinkus , director of the Times Poll .
“ One asked whether the bailout was the right thing to do .
The other asked if it was the government ’s responsibility . ”
Even Times / Bloomberg poll respondents who supported a bailout often added that they were n’t happy about the idea .
Advertisement
“ Normally , I ’d like to keep government out of the economy as much as we can , ” said Morris Vermeulen , 73 , a retired housing inspector in Rogers , Ark .
“ But somebody ’s got to do something .
We ca n’t have a complete financial collapse . ”
Still , Vermeulen added , he hoped Congress could find a way to penalize the Wall Street financial houses for forcing taxpayers to come to their aid .
“ We should draw a little blood from them , ” he said cheerfully .
That mix of sentiments is one factor that has caused some Democrats and Republicans in Congress to balk at the Bush administration ’s bailout plan .
Democrats have demanded new aid for distressed homeowners and limits on the pay of top executives whose firms get help .
Some conservative Republicans have said the plan is an unwarranted use of taxpayer money to intervene in the private markets .
In the Times / Bloomberg poll , a solid majority , 62 % , said they believed that insufficient government regulation was partly responsible for the financial crisis .
Advertisement
As to where the blame should go , respondents were divided : 32 % blamed Wall Street financial institutions , and 26 % blamed the Bush administration .
( Democrats tended to blame the White House ; Republicans tended to blame Wall Street . )
Most also oppose federal loans to help ailing automakers -- another proposal Congress is considering -- the poll found .
Among all respondents , 64 % said they opposed government loans to automotive firms , and only 25 % were in favor .
The financial crisis has helped push public gloom to a record depth : 79 % of adults said they thought the country was “ on the wrong track , ” the highest rate ever in a Times poll .
Asked whether the country was “ generally going in the right direction ” or “ on the wrong track , ” 79 % said “ wrong track ” and only 13 % said “ right direction . ”
That exceeded the previous record of 78 % who said “ wrong track ” in June .
Advertisement
When asked whether they felt the nation ’s economy was doing well or badly , 81 % said the economy was doing badly , an increase from the 76 % recorded in August -- and close to the record high of 82 % recorded in June , when energy prices were soaring .
The nation ’s focus on the faltering economy appeared to bolster Democratic presidential nominee Barack Obama , seen by most voters as a better economic leader than Republican John McCain .
Asked which candidate could do a better job of handling the financial crisis as president next year , 48 % of registered voters named Obama and 35 % named McCain .
The poll found a striking political divide between citizens who feel threatened by the current economic turmoil and those who do n’t .
Advertisement
When asked whether they felt less secure financially now than they did six months ago , Americans divided neatly in half : 50 % said they felt less secure , and 49 % said they felt no different or more secure .
Of those who said they felt less secure , a solid majority favored Obama for president .
But of those who did not feel financially threatened , a solid majority favored McCain .
The issue of regulating financial institutions has suddenly jumped to the top of voters ’ priority list on economic issues , now equaling high energy prices as the top concern .
McCain has made advocacy of increased offshore oil drilling a centerpiece of his campaign , winning support from voters concerned about gas and oil prices .
Taxes , another major theme of the McCain campaign , are cited as a concern by fewer than 1 in 10 voters .
Advertisement
Ellen Walton , 83 , of St. Louis , said the financial crisis had only confirmed her intention of voting for Obama .
“ I do n’t think [ the bailout plan ] is fair to the taxpayers , ” she said .
Woyak , the Wisconsin retiree torn about the bailout , said she would vote for McCain .
“ I ’m really glad he chose the lady for vice president .
I admire him . . . , ” she said .
“ I ’m not against the other one [ Obama ] .
I just do n’t know him well enough . ”
And Vermeulen , the Arkansas retiree , said he was undecided .
“ I think I ’m leaning toward the guy with the appeals to change , ” he said , referring to Obama .
But he added : “ He has n’t proven to me that he ’s more than just a good speechmaker . ”
The poll of 1,428 adults , including 1,287 registered voters , was conducted by telephone Friday through Monday .
The margin of sampling error for all adults and for registered voters was plus or minus 3 points .
For smaller subgroups , the margin of error was higher .
Advertisement
--
doyle.mcmanus@latimes.com
--
( BEGIN TEXT OF INFOBOX )
Advertisement
Financial crisis weighing on voters ’ minds
The public blames Bush policy and ailing Wall Street companies for the financial crisis and considers Democrat Barack Obama best - suited to handle the situation next year .
Q : Some big investment banks and mortgage companies have collapsed or gone into bankruptcy , and many Americans face financial crisis .
Who or what is primarily responsible ?
( among all adults )
Wall Street institutions : 32 %
Advertisement
Bush admin. : 26 %
Someone else / do n’t know : 19 %
All three equally : 12 %
Congress : 11 %
Advertisement
Q : Do you think the government should use taxpayers ’ dollars to rescue ailing private financial firms whose collapse could have adverse effects on the economy and market ?
( among all adults )
No : 55 %
Yes : 31 %
Do n’t know : 14 %
Advertisement
Q : Do you agree or disagree that lack of regulation is partly responsible for the current financial and housing crisis ?
( among all adults )
Agree : 62 %
Disagree : 24 %
Do n’t know : 14 %
Advertisement
Q : Would you say you feel more financially secure , less secure or about the same as you did six months ago ?
( among all adults )
Much less : 27 %
Somewhat less : 23 %
Much more : 8 %
Advertisement
Somewhat more : 5 %
Same : 37 %
Do n’t know : 1 %
--
Advertisement
Note : Numbers may not total 100 % due to rounding .
How the poll was conducted : The Los Angeles Times / Bloomberg Poll contacted 1,428 adults nationwide by telephone Friday through Monday .
Included were 1,287 registered voters .
Telephone numbers were chosen randomly in separate samples of landline and cellphone exchanges in the nation , allowing listed and unlisted numbers to be contacted , and multiple attempts were made to contact each number .
Cellphone exchanges were hand - dialed .
The cell and landline samples were combined and adjusted for sample size and nonresponse .
Results in the combined sample were adjusted to the most recent estimates from the National Health Interview Survey for household phone types and to census proportions of sex , ethnicity , age , education and national region .
The margin of sampling error for adults and registered voters is plus or minus 3 percentage points .
For smaller subgroups , the error margin may be higher .
Survey results may have been affected by combining samples and by factors such as question wording and the order in which they were asked .
Interviews were conducted by Interviewing Service of America Inc. in Van Nuys .
--
Source : Los Angeles Times / Bloomberg poll
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) -
In 1609 , a merchant contracted to sell shares in the Dutch East India Company in the future , sending the company ’s share price into a plunge .
A year later , the authorities imposed the world ’s first ban on short selling .
If that sounds familiar , it has some parallels to today ’s market , where regulators around the world have introduced curbs or outright bans on short selling to protect companies from people who bet that the share price will go down .
Short sellers , or “ shorts , ” have been blamed for almost every financial crisis in the 400 years since the Dutch episode .
Shorts came under fire after the U.S. stock market crash of 1929 , and U.S. President Herbert Hoover condemned short selling in 1932 .
More recently , shorts were blamed for the U.S. stock market crash of October 1987 and , in 1997 , Malaysia charged Credit Lyonnais with short selling after the collapse of the country ’s currency and stock market .
The next year , the New York Fed bailed out Long Term Capital Management to avoid wider market impact from the hedge fund ’s short positions .
“ We ’ve been the natural scapegoats for decades , ” said David Tice , manager of the Prudent Bear Fund and an influential short seller .
Even in good times , short sellers are disdained for betting against the continuing party .
But the short sellers say they are only raising flags that stocks are overvalued .
“ We are the ones that warned about credit excesses and how much danger there was and tried to warn regulators and institutional investors , ” Tice said .
Short sellers borrow shares from a broker and sell them in the market in anticipation that the price will fall .
They then buy the shares back at the lower price , returning them to the broker , and profiting on the price decline .
The tactic can be used as a hedge against traditional investing or an aggressive play against a stock perceived to be overpriced , known as speculative short selling .
In either case , the perception is that short sellers benefit from the misfortune of others .
This time around , short sellers say they did not create the housing bubble that led to the crisis hitting investment banks .
They just discovered its consequences .
“ I feel like we are the good guys , but when the media attention is on us and the president and the treasury secretary are talking about it is kind of a lonely vocation , ” Tice said .
The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) imposed an emergency ban on short selling on Thursday .
Similar restrictions came from Britain , Australia , Canada , Germany , Taiwan , Portugal and Ireland .
When U.S. financial stocks fell on Monday , experts said the shorts may have skirted the restrictions by using put options -- the option to sell a stock in the future at an agreed price -- or by shorting the entire index and buying the companies it did not expect to fall .
“ I do n’t think it ( short - selling ) is malicious .
It ’s people acting in their self interest which is what Wall Street does , ” said Martin Sklar , an attorney representing hedge funds , which typically engage in short selling .
In the current crisis , Morgan Stanley MS.N CEO John Mack blamed short sellers for driving his firm 's share price last week .
Others blame the shorts for the collapse of Lehman Brothers LEHMQ .
PK , contributing to it filing for bankruptcy .
The shorts say it ’s all about the balance sheet .
The financials were overleveraged and overvalued .
“ There is no academic evidence that short sellers by themselves brought a company down without other underlying reasons , ” said Paul Asquith , a professor of finance at MIT ’s Sloan School who specializes in the study of short selling .
“ Lehman was having problems and the shorts were there .
But once Lehman started looking for a buyer , what happened ?
Nobody wanted to buy Lehman when they started looking at their books very closely .
That tells you the shorts were right . ”
The best way to destroy the capitalist system is to debauch the currency .
Vladimir Lenin
It 's no secret that music sales comprised of physical media ( i.e. CDs ) are down in the face of huge competition from iTunes and other digital distribution channels .
At the same time , no one ever said the record labels would give up on physical sales easily .
Today SanDisk , along with the four major record labels ( Warner Bros. , EMI , Sony BMG and Universal Music Group ) have announced a new format : slotMusic .
slotMusic is essentially a microSD card with an album on it , and the partners plan to roll it out in time for the holiday season .
According to the format's
official site
With slotMusic , songs will be loaded onto what are known as microSD cards , the fingernail - size siblings of the larger and more popular SD card format .
Slots for microSD cards can be found in scores of mobile phones , including those from Research In Motion , Nokia , Palm , Samsung , and Motorola .
" There 's a billion phones out there and a lot of them can play music and a lot of them have a microSD slot , " says Daniel Schreiber , a SanDisk vice - president .
" We think there 's still a need for a tangible , physical product .
People will appreciate walking out of the store playing music on their phones . "
, Wal - Mart and Best Buy are already lined up to stock the cards .
With slotMusic , songs will be loaded onto what are known as microSD cards , the fingernail - size siblings of the larger and more popular SD card format .
Slots for microSD cards can be found in scores of mobile phones , including those from Research In Motion , Nokia , Palm , Samsung , and Motorola .
" There 's a billion phones out there and a lot of them can play music and a lot of them have a microSD slot , " says Daniel Schreiber , a SanDisk vice - president .
" We think there 's still a need for a tangible , physical product .
People will appreciate walking out of the store playing music on their phones . "
The cards will ship with a sleeve so they can be readily used with computers .
This makes a ton of sense as the i-devices ( such as iPod ) do n't have microSD ( or any SD ) slots .
We would assume the slotMusic cards will be usable with other slots such as miniSD and SD , with an adapter , though it is not made clear on the official site .
Still , the big question , even for a format as small as this ( fingernail - sized , for those who 've never seen it ) is : can you draw consumers to a new physical format in the age of the download ?
And what will the pricing be ?
According to the
NY Times , one executive said it will be in the $ 7 - 10 range , which would be a bargain if you look at the pricing for 1 GB microSD cards at Amazon.com , and add in the music .
You can always erase the cards and use them separately , after all .
And finally , how does this affect the apparent buyout interest in the company from others such as Toshiba and Samsung ?
We may yet see , as the holiday season starts up .
Monday , 15 Sep , 2008 Current Events
Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin , may soon give some judo lessons to the French President Nicolas Sarkozy .
It is worth mentioning that Mr. Putin is a champion judoka and his proficiencies in judo are well documented .
Mr. Putin agreed to show some of his black belt skills to the French President .
" He ( Sarkozy ) is interested in martial arts and we have decided to do some training together , " the French newspaper Le Figaro quoted the 55 - year - old Putin as saying during an interview that was published on September 13 .
There 's was no instant comment from a press officer at the office of the French President .
Previously the 53 - year - old Sarkozy , did not show much interest in martial arts , being often photographed jogging .
Source : Stuff.co.nz
Sure , it 's all well and good to play around with the Folding@Home client on toys like the PS3 , but if you 're really serious about out - nerding the rest of the pack , you need big - boy hardware , like this 51 - card NVIDIA - based rig built by nitteo of the overclock .
net forums .
That 's 51 8800 - series GPUs on 13 MSI P6N Diamond mobos , enough for an estimated 265,200 folding points per day
when they all go online -- and we 're guessing that number will go up when that new CUDA - based folding client released yesterday is installed .
Now let 's just hope all those cards can stand the heat , hmm ?
More pics at the read link -- and remember , we 're always down for more help on the Engadget Folding@Home team [ Via x64bit.net
Frontlinesoft Limited ( now known as FSL Projects Limited ) is focused on providing services and solutions that leverage the evolving and innovative business models including the global ( Onshore / offshore ) delivery model and latest technology advancements to allow FSL customers to achieve maximum operational efficiencies , reduce costs , and increase return on investment
FSL is a diversified offshore software development company offering world - class services to help your organization exceed its software expectations .
FSL competencies lie in setting up offshore software development teams for custom product development , High - End ERP Solutions and maintenance using superior project management experience .
FSL is an actively growing offshore software development company that provides professional software outsourcing , offshore software and web site development services .
Business software like accounting solutions , Project Management software , Application Software and web application ( including Google Maps ) too feature in our portfolio .
FSL has comprehensive experience and expertise in developing and deploying Ecommerce solutions .
FSL can develop specialized Ecommerce solutions including latest shopping cart solutions for clients , addressing there unique requirement and thus market and sell your product in a competitive marketplace .
Ecommerce development solutions -- ASP E - commerce shopping carts and e-commerce web solutions – can be easily customized as per clients requirements , enabling Optimization of web site for specific customer base and benefit from ecommerce solutions .
FSL 's OsCommerce based online shop ecommerce solution features a rich set of out - of - the - box online shopping cart functionality that allows store owners to setup , run , and maintain their online stores with minimum effort and with no costs , fees , or limitations involved .
FSL Expertises and experience in website development enables FSL to understand clients requirements and develop a website carving an exclusive image of your company in the market .
FSL talent pool of experts is different fields of website design and development work with clients not only build a website but also restructure / revamp website according to the developments in business environment Read More ..
The exterior of the world headquarters for Lehman Brothers is seen in New York in this June 17 , 2008 file photo .
REUTERS / Shannon Stapleton
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Shares of Lehman Brothers LEH.N and Washington Mutual WM.N both fell heavily as the market opened on Thursday as concern about the health of the financial sector continued to build on Wall Street .
Lehman shares were down 41 percent at $ 4.32 a day after the bank disappointed investors by failing to announced any definitive deals to raise desperately needed capital .
Goldman Sachs , according to theflyonthewall.com , cut its Lehman rating from “ buy ” to “ neutral . ”
Shares of Washington Mutual , the biggest U.S. savings and loan , were down 19 percent at $ 1.88 , also on fear that the company would not be able to attract a buyer or raise enough money to cover soaring mortgage losses .
Age of the Ocean Floor
A full - size ( 24 by 31 inches , 610 x 790 mm ) image of a NOAA ( National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ) poster showing the latest findings on the age of the ocean floor .
DENVER , Colorado ( CNN ) -- Michelle Obama took center stage at the Democratic National Convention on Monday night , stressing her love for the nation and making her case for why her husband should be the next president .
Michelle Obama says Barack Obama embodies the " hope " to lead America as its next president .
" I come here as a wife who loves my husband and believes he will be an extraordinary president , " she said of her husband , Sen. Barack Obama of Illinois , the presumptive Democratic nominee .
Michelle Obama -- who could be the nation 's first African - American first lady -- pushed a theme of unity in light of controversial comments she made on the campaign trail that raised doubts about her patriotism .
" All of us are driven by a simple belief that the world as it is just wo n't do -- that we have an obligation to fight for the world as it should be , " she said , closing the first night of the convention .
Watch Sasha Obama review her mom's speech »
" That is the thread that connects our hearts .
That is the thread that runs through my journey and Barack 's journey and so many other improbable journeys that have brought us here tonight , where the current of history meets this new tide of hope .
" And you see , that is why I love this country , " she said to a standing ovation .
Her husband praised his wife 's speech when he addressed delegates in Denver via satellite Monday night after she finished speaking .
" You were unbelievable .
You also look very cute , " Obama , said .
" Now you know why I asked her out so many times -- you want a persistent president . "
The senator watched his wife 's speech from Kansas City , Missouri , where he is scheduled to campaign Wednesday , spokeswoman Jen Psaki said .
He will give his main speech Thursday night , formally accepting the party 's nomination at Invesco Field in front of an expected audience of 75,000 .
iReport.com : Share your reactions to DNC speeches
Michelle Obama was introduced at the convention by her brother , Craig Robinson , head basketball coach at Oregon State University .
All About Michelle Obama • Barack Obama
You remember her , the lady who called blue collar voters “ rednecks . ”
McCain thought meeting a beautiful filthy rich member of royalty was more important than focusing on the economy today .
Yet he now suddenly wants to cancel everything to focus on the economy .
From Ben Smith at Politico :
The McCain campaign ’s new urgency about the financial crisis did n’t entirely clear his schedule this morning .
My colleague Amie Parnes reports that he made it to his scheduled morning meeting with Lady Lynn de Rothschild , a Clinton backer who recently came out in support of him .
All while Obama was waiting by the phone for a returned call .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
At least 17 people have been killed by a car bomb on the outskirts of Syria 's capital Damascus , officials have said .
The blast happened near buildings used by security forces at an intersection leading to an important Shia shrine .
Such attacks are rare in Syria , but the country has seen two major assassinations in the past year .
No group has claimed responsibility for the blast , although the Syrian interior minister , Gen Bassam Abdul - Majid , called it a cowardly " terrorist act " .
" At the moment , we can not point to a particular party .
However , the ongoing investigations will lead us to the perpetrators , " he told Syrian state TV .
The official Sana news agency said a booby - trapped car packed with about 200 kg ( 440 lbs ) of explosives had blown up at 0845 ( 0545 GMT ) on the road to the international airport to the south of the capital , in an area crowded with civilians .
People in Damascus have been shocked by the rare attack
In pictures : Damascus car bomb Security forces cordoned off the scene of the blast , which was some 8 km ( 5 miles ) from the al - Sayyida Zeinab shrine , one of Syria 's holiest sites and a popular place of pilgrimage for Iraqi , Iranian and Lebanese Muslims .
All the dead are reported to be civilians .
At least 14 others were wounded .
The security complex , which reportedly houses a directorate of the intelligence services that deals with Palestinian militants and political activists , suffered little damage .
The blast was the deadliest single attack in Damascus since 13 March 1986 , when a bombing blamed on Iraqi agents left 60 people dead .
A month later , 144 were killed by series of bombings in five towns across Syria .
The perpetrators were believed to be pro-Iraqi militants .
Crater Footage broadcast on Syrian TV showed a large crater filled with water at the site of the explosion .
The remains of a destroyed car were strewn across the main road , witness said .
Nearby vehicles and buildings , including a school that was empty because of the weekend , were left with shattered windows .
We felt a very strong explosion - we thought it was an earthquake
Local resident
One witness told Syrian TV that he had thought the blast was an earthquake .
" We felt a very strong explosion , " said the man , who did not give his name .
" We walked outside ... the whole building collapsed .
Five members of my family were wounded and are in hospital . "
Syria 's Minister of Religious Endowments , Muhammad Abdul - Sattar al - Sayyid , said it was shocking that such an attack had occurred in the run-up to the feast - day of Eid al - Fitr , which marks the end of the Islamic month of Ramadan .
He said that such acts were counter to the spirit of all religions and were only condoned by what he described as " the enemies of justice " , chief among which he said was Israel .
US state department spokesman Gordon Duguid said it " condemned the bombing and all terrorist actions " , and that the US embassy in Damascus would close its consular section until Tuesday because of security concerns .
Car bomb attacks are rare in Syria and the attack will be disturbing for the Syrian government , which prides itself on stability , says the BBC's Natalia Antelava in Beirut .
Its critics say that stability comes at the price of democracy , says our correspondent .
This is believed to be the first car bombing since a senior Hezbollah military commander , Imad Mughniyeh , was assassinated in Damascus in February .
The leader of the Lebanese Shia Islamist movement , Sheikh Hassan Nasrallah , subsequently blamed Israel for the blast , although Israel denied any involvement .
In August , a senior military official close to President Bashar al - Assad was shot dead , in as - yet unexplained circumstances , at a beach resort near the port city of Tartus .
Brig Gen Mohammed Suleiman had responsibility for sensitive security issues and was described as Syria 's " main interlocutor " in a UN inquiry into the country 's alleged nuclear activities .
On Friday , the director of the International Atomic Energy Agency , Mohamed ElBaradei , said Mr Suleiman 's death would delay the inquiry .
Assassinations BBC Middle East analyst Andrew Bolton says that although there will be a great deal of speculation about who was behind this latest attack , one area the authorities are reported to be looking at is the possibility that it was the work of Islamist militants .
The blast shattered windows of nearby vehicles and buildings
There were similar attacks before the authorities moved strongly against by Islamist groups , particularly the Muslim Brotherhood , during the 1980s .
In recent years , there have been some reported clashes , with the security forces killing several suspected Islamist militants , and arresting hundreds more .
There has also been recent unrest involving Islamist prisoners in Syrian jails .
Our correspondent says Saturday 's attack has come at a time when Syria is at a political crossroads .
Earlier this month , Syria took part in talks with Turkey , Qatar and France , which currently holds the EU presidency , in a bid to boost efforts towards peace in the Middle East .
Mr Assad said he hoped the summit would form a basis for direct peace talks with Israel , with which Syria has been at war since its neighbour 's foundation in 1948 .
But despite the new - found willingness to talk , there are still tensions between the Syrians and Israelis , our correspondent says .
Divisive issues include Syrian support for groups like the Palestinian Islamist movements , Hamas and Islamic Jihad , and Hezbollah .
Syria has also faced diplomatic isolation since the assassination of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri in 2005 .
Syria 's critics have blamed it for the murder but it denies any involvement .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Well this does n't happen every day .
GOP strategist Karl Rove said yesterday even the McCain camp has gone a bit overboard .
Discussing the state of the 2008 presidential campaign on Fox News , Rove doled out criticism to the McCain campaign and the Obama campaign for negative campaigning .
" There ought to be an adult who says , ‘ Do we really need to go that far in this ad ? ' " Rove said .
" Do n’t we make our point and wo n’t we get broader acceptance and deny the opposition an opportunity to attack us if we do n’t include that one little last tweak in the ad ? ’
Rove added that " McCain has gone , in some of his ads , similarly one step too far in sort of attributing to Obama things that are , you know , beyond the 100 percent truth test . "
Jackpot
Just moments after those words came out of Rove 's mouth the Obama campaign pounced , sending out an email proclaiming Rove to be their newest best friend .
Well , kind of .
" In case anyone was still wondering whether John McCain is running the sleaziest , most dishonest campaign in history , today Karl Rove - the man who held the previous record - said McCain 's ads have gone too far , " Obama spokesman Tommy Vietor said .
Another new ad
The Obama campaign is making a strategy out of criticizing recent McCain ads , releasing its own ad this morning that blasted Team McCain for the tenor of the contest .
The new ad called " Honor " rips the McCain campaign with a choice selection of quotes from the media .
" What happened to John McCain ? " asks the seemingly shocked announcer " He 's running the sleaziest ads ever , truly vile , dishonest smears that he repeats even after it 's been exposed as a lie .
Truth be damned .
A disgraceful , dishonorable campaign .
After voting with Bush 90 percent of the time , proposing the same disastrous economic policies , it seems deception is all he has left . "
Outside of that , the Obama campaign has no problems thus far with his opponent .
Enter Biden
And Joe Biden is back .
You know that guy from Delaware .
The other vice presidential nominee .
No mention of Sarah Palin this morning .
In a sneak - preview email from the Obama campaign , Senator Biden is expected to tear into McCain today , saying the Arizona senator is simply a sequel to President Bush and " as everyone knows , the sequel is always worse than the original . "
" If we 're ready for four more years of George Bush , John McCain is your man , " Biden says in his prepared remarks .
" Just as George Herbert Walker Bush was nicknamed ' Bush 41 " and his son is known as " Bush 43 , " John McCain could easily become known as ' Bush 44 . ' "
McCain response
McCain spokesman Ben Porritt responded to Biden 's prepared statement this morning calling the Obama - Biden ticket the " most partisan ticket in modern presidential politics . "
“ Barack Obama ’s running mate , a long - time Washington insider , entrenched in the status quo is indicative of Obama ’s false talk about change , " he said .
" Barack Obama and his running mate are insistent upon raising taxes which would kill jobs and continue to refuse responsible energy legislation that would reduce gas prices .
Regardless of their rhetoric , Barack Obama and his running mate can’t distance themselves from their records which gives voters zero confidence that they can deliver change when we need it the most . ”
I miss the good old days .
Remember when the presidential campaign was all about oil drilling ?
That sure was fun .
I miss August .
August was neat .
The Dow was over 10,000 and nobody had ever heard of Sarah Palin .
Remember how we used to joke about John McCain looking like an old guy yelling at kids to get off his lawn ?
It ’s only in retrospect that we can see that the keep - off - the - grass period was the McCain campaign ’s golden era .
Now , he ’s beginning to act like one of those movie characters who steals the wrong ring and turns into a troll .
During that last debate , while he was wandering around the stage , you almost expected to hear him start muttering : “ We wants it .
We needs it .
Must have the precious . ”
Remember when McCain ’s campaign ads were all about his being a prisoner of war ?
I really miss them .
Now they ’re all about the Evil That Is Obama .
The newest one , “ Ambition , ” has a woman , speaking in one of those sinister semiwhispers , saying : “ When convenient , he worked with terrorist Bill Ayers .
When discovered , he lied . ”
Then suddenly , with no warning whatsoever , she starts ranting about Congressional liberals and risky subprime loans .
Then John McCain pops up to say he approved it .
All in 30 seconds !
And , of course , McCain would think it ’s great .
For the first time , the Republicans appear to have captured his thought process on tape .
More background on the social problems of the home - town of Sarah Palin :
In 2003 , authorities uncovered nine meth labs in the area .
Last year , the number increased to 42 , said Kyle Young , an investigator with the troopers who works with the Mat - Su narcotics team .
Officials with the Office of Children 's Services in Wasilla said the problem affects children .
The office receives about 40 calls a month from people reporting abuse or neglect involving some aspect of the highly addictive drug ...
When authorities surrounded a converted bus housing a meth operation in Big Lake in January , a 13 - year - old boy who answered the door bragged that his mom cooked the best meth in the valley , according to the troopers .
During a 2003 bust at a house outside Wasilla , officers discovered five children living inside , all younger than 8 years old .
The calls about meth to children 's services in Wasilla accounts for as many as 40 percent of the agency 's total monthly child protection calls .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
" I just wanted to let you know what a good job everyone is doing .
The teamwork that TFF has is amazing !
Everyone goes the extra mile that you have to do to provide the level of customer service that is expected from us .
Just wanted to shoot you a quick note to say thanks to all ! " - John R .
" Thank you EVERYONE for dropping everything they were doing to help me get this loan closed !
You are by far the best team we could have to make the impossible happen !
I truly appreciate each and every one of you and thank you from the bottom of my heart for making this happen .
Y’all are AWESOME !!! "
- Cindy V
From DIY to Professional : A Guide on How to Set Up a Photo Booth
Whether it ’s for an event or a business venture , a photo booth can help you take IG worthy photos .
Data shows that these photography setups are not a fad that ’s going away anytime soon .
The data suggest their use will increase over time .
You can get in on this popular trend with help .
Keep reading to learn how to set up a photo booth as an amateur .
Choose a Backdrop
Tailor your backdrop to match the event .
A crisp solid background of white or black seamless paper is a common choice .
A vinyl option will present for easier cleanups in case of accidental spills .
Add Decorations
Consider adding decorations based on the theme of the event .
You can use string lights for outdoor settings or a chair for seating .
If the photo booth will be inside , consider adding greenery or other decorations .
Create a Prop Box
A prop box will give photo takers something to pose with for images .
You can fill a basket with oversized glasses , stick - on mustaches , conversation bubbles , and more .
The more you have in the box , the more people who will utilize the photo booth setup , and recommend using it to others .
Invest in Some Camera Accessories
You ’ll make a positive difference for your business by investing in camera accessories .
People will rave about how great their images came out because of your setup .
Doing this will attract more people and result in a higher return on investment .
Pick a Sharing Method for Images
You can print or share the digital images with the photo takers .
To print on demand , you ’ll need to invest in a high - quality picture printer .
If you do n’t have room in the budget to cover that expense right away , you can send photos to a provided email straight from your computer for free and easy sharing .
How to Set up a Photo Booth Business
Many are seeing the benefits of owning a company like this .
If you ’re interested in earning an income off the photo booth business , you ’re in luck .
You can create your business by following the following steps :
Choose a company name
File your business with the state
File for IRS taxes
Shop or create a photo booth for business
Purchase accessories and more
When you ’re ready to purchase a photo booth , find a high - quality photo booth supplier .
Some manufacturers specialize in creating these photography setups .
When you want to invest in a low effort , this is the best route to take .
Lights , Camera , Action
Now that you ’ve read how to set up a photo booth , you ’ll do it right the first time .
Use this as a guide to creating the perfect photography setup .
You ’ll and anyone who uses it will enjoy the results .
We can help you with more than taking a good photo .
Explore our blog longer for the latest business , technology , and entertainment tips .
Learn more on our website !
At Women 's Marathon , fastest time did n't win On San Francisco
nevius_0084_df.jpg C.W. Nevius , columnist with the San Francisco Chronicle .
Photographed in San Francisco on 8/3/06 .
( Deanne Fitzmaurice / The Chronicle ) nevius_0084_df.jpg C.W. Nevius , columnist with the San Francisco Chronicle .
Photographed in San Francisco on 8/3/06 .
( Deanne Fitzmaurice / The Chronicle ) Photo : Deanne Fitzmaurice , The Chronicle Photo : Deanne Fitzmaurice , The Chronicle Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close At Women 's Marathon , fastest time did n't win 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
There were over 20,000 competitors in Sunday 's Nike Women 's Marathon in San Francisco .
And 24 - year - old Arien O'Connell , a fifth - grade teacher from New York City , ran the fastest time of any of the women .
But she did n't win .
It does n't get much simpler than a footrace .
All it takes is a starting line , a finish line and a clock .
You fire the gun and the first person to the end of the course is the winner .
However , as the marathon officials said to O'Connell - not so fast .
While O'Connell had the greatest run of her life and covered the course faster than any woman , she was told she could n't be declared the winner because she did n't run with the " elite " group who were given a 20 - minute head start .
So what could have been a lovely Cinderella story about a young woman rising above her expectations in a race that bills itself as all about empowering women turned into a strict the - rules - are - the - rules edict .
That 's not the image we 're trying to promote here .
San Francisco has become one of those destination locations for the new breed of distance runner .
Between the San Francisco Marathon in July and the Nike race - billed as the largest women 's marathon in the world - over 40,000 runners will visit this year .
It is great that these events are held here , but they are also representing the city .
What we are hoping is that they leave town talking about the terrific location , the great restaurants and the perfectly organized event .
Instead , we look like we do n't know how to operate a stopwatch .
" That 's pretty weak , " said Jon Hendershott , associate editor of the authoritative Track and Field News magazine , based in Mountain View .
" Think of the PR they could have had with this girl coming out of nowhere .
It sounds like they got caught totally off guard . "
O'Connell , who describes herself as " a pretty good runner , " had never managed to break three hours in five previous marathons .
But as soon as she started at 7 a.m.
Sunday , she knew it was her day .
In fact , when she crossed the finish line 26.2 miles later , her time of 2:55:11 was so unexpectedly fast that she burst into tears .
" I ran my best time by like 12 minutes , which is insane , " she said .
At the awards ceremony , the O'Connell clan looked on as the top times were announced and the " elite " female runners stepped forward to accept their trophies .
" They called out the third - place time and I thought , ' I was faster than that , ' " she said .
" Then they called out the second - place time and I was faster than that .
And then they called out the first - place time ( 3:06 ) , and I said , ' Heck , I 'm faster than her first - place time , too . ' "
Just to make sure , O'Connell strolled over to a results station and asked a race official to call up her time on the computer .
There it was , some 11 minutes faster than the official winner .
" They were just flabbergasted , " O'Connell said .
" I do n't think it ever crossed their minds . "
No one seemed exactly sure what to do .
The trophies had already been handed out and the official results announced .
Now organizers seem to be hoping it will all go away .
" At this point , " Nike media relations manager Tanya Lopez said Monday , " we 've declared our winner . "
O'Connell said some race officials actually implied she 'd messed up the seeding by not declaring herself an " elite " runner .
" If you 're feeling like you 're going to be a leader , " race producer Dan Hirsch said Monday , " you should be in the elite pack . "
So this is her fault ?
O'Connell was just being modest .
" I'm a good , solid runner , " she said .
" I never considered myself elite . "
Jim Estes , associate director of the long - distance running program for USA Track and Field , did his best to explain the ruling .
He 's had some practice with the issue .
The Sunday before last , at the Chicago Marathon , a Kenyan named Wesley Korir pulled off a similar surprise , finishing fourth even though he was n't in the elite group and started five minutes after the top runners .
In that situation , and in this one , Estes made the same ruling :
It did n't count .
O'Connell was n't declared the winner and Korir did n't collect fourth - place prize money .
" The theory is that , because they had separate starts , they were n't in the same race , " Estes said .
" The woman who is winning the elite field does n't have the opportunity to know she was racing someone else . "
Estes admits that giving the elite runners a sizable head start may not be the best policy .
" These are things this race and other races need to look at , " Estes said .
" It comes down to what a race is , and who is racing who . "
Nonsense , said Track and Field News ' Hendershott .
He said O'Connell took her best shot , ran the fastest and should have won .
" What 's she supposed to do , lay back because she 's not an elite runner ? " he asked .
" If the elites are going to lay back , that 's their fault . "
As for O'Connell , she 's not bitter .
After all , she got her best time ever , had a nice weekend in San Francisco and comes home with a story .
But she did n't win .
Maybe the best way to explain that is to say it is just another case of the elites in San Francisco giving the city a bad name .
Following the recent announcement that Microsoft - ownedcreator Ensemble Studios would close after the completion of , Gamasutra has discovered that a now - canceledMMO was in development at the studio , unearthing prototype UI and level screenshots of the Ensemble - developed project .
The prototype art , which was at one point made available on an Ensemble - linked online artist portfolio website , further confirms previous rumors that the studio was working on an MMO based on the Bungie - created sci- fi franchise .
Notable , rumors reported in Game Informer magazine in early 2006 claimed that Bungie and Ensemble were teaming up to make a - themed MMO .
And , although it was not clear that it was - specific , websites such as 1UP did point out that Ensemble was hiring for an MMO project as early as April 2006 .
The title seems to have been in development in 2006 and some of 2007 -- though it's by no means clear that it was the only MMO - related title in development at the studio at that time .
What is clear , however , is that Ensemble 's Bruce Shelley mentioned in a June 2008 blog post that they " ... set up three prototype teams out of the staff of a major project that we cancelled .
After six months of very interesting work , we have now stopped two of those prototypes , with one getting more time to demonstrate the value of its concept .
" Thus , it appears that the MMO project was likely internally cancelled some time in mid-late 2007 , without any formal announcement from Microsoft that it was ever in development .
The below UI mockup and concept / level screenshots also date from the 2006 - 2007 period .
Gamasutra had a chance to ask Massively.com lead blogger Michael Zenke about the MMO - related elements in the prototype UI screenshot ( click through for a higher - res version ) :
Massively 's Zenke explained the following on the prototype UI ( of which there were several posted ) : " The character pane shows a health bar and ' mana ' -- or Psion , as is referred to in this title ...
The upper right icons are for basic character functions .
The one on the far left would most likely be inventory , represented by the outline of a man .
Moving right , I 'd guess that 's a ' talent tree ' screen for customizing your character , most likely a powers menu ( a brain to represent the Psion ? ) , a titles or achievements screen represented by the trophy , and a support ticket system represented by the chat bubble icon .
There are many obvious tips of the hat here to the World of Warcraft interface .
Simplicity and streamlined play appear to be the object of the game , but it 's interesting to see so many strange icons on the hotbar .
From the choice of abilities , it 's easy to surmise that that the game would have been some sort of melee / magic brawler .
The upper bar has some similarities to the WoW UI modification Titan Panel - a favorite amongst players . "
Also included were a number of in - game level pictures , both concept art and in - level shots , and Gamasutra asked ' Louis Wu ' , webmaster of the unofficial Halo website Halo. bungie.org to interpret them .
Wu simply noted of this concept screenshot : " None of those [ specific ] characters or creatures were EVER included in a Halo game . "
Of this shot and others in the same series that Gamasutra has not yet printed , Wu commented : " Clearly broken Halo Warthogs , dead marines , a color palette last seen in Halo PC multiplayer levels like ' Infinity ' .
The presence of an actual Halo in the background of the last shot is also a dead giveaway [ as to the game setting ] . "
Of course , the cancellation of the Ensemble version of a Halo MMO does n't necessarily preclude other Microsoft - sanctioned developers from working on Halo franchise titles .
And with Microsoft's Phil Spencer recently mentioning : " There are more than two or three teams building Halo things right now " , it could be that a Halo title with similarly expansive online options is now being tried at another studio .
If so , there has been no public information about it to date .
[ UPDATE : The ' Gone Is Gone ' weblog has posted a full Flickr gallery of the concept art and UI mockups for the canceled prototype , sourced from the same art portfolio as Gamasutra 's original story . ]
Nature of the Budding Conflict
The New Old - Front
Old Opportunities , New Twists
Russia is attempting to reforge its Cold War -era influence in its near abroad .
This is not simply an issue of nostalgia , but a perfectly logical and predictable reaction to the Russian environment .
Russia lacks easily definable , easily defendable borders .
There is no redoubt to which the Russians can withdraw , and the only security they know comes from establishing buffers — buffers which tend to be lost in times of crisis .
The alternative is for Russia to simply trust other states to leave it alone .
Considering Russia 's history of occupations , from the Mongol horde to Napoleonic France to Hitler 's Germany , it is not difficult to surmise why the Russians tend to choose a more activist set of policies .
As such , the country tends to expand and contract like a beating heart — gobbling up nearby territories in times of strength , and then contracting and losing those territories in times of weakness .
Rather than what Westerners think of as a traditional nation - state , Russia has always been a multiethnic empire , heavily stocked with non-Russian ( and even non-Orthodox ) minorities .
Keeping those minorities from damaging central control requires a strong internal security and intelligence arm , and hence we get the Cheka , the KGB , and now the FSB .
Combine a security policy thoroughly wedded to expansion with an internal stabilization policy that institutionalizes terror , and it is understandable why most of Russia 's neighbors do not like Moscow very much .
A fair portion of Western history revolves around the formation and shifting of coalitions to manage Russian insecurities .
In the American case specifically , the issue is one of continental control .
The United States is the only country in the world that effectively controls an entire continent .
Mexico and Canada have been sufficiently intimidated so that they can operate independently only in a very limited sense .
( Technically , Australia controls a continent , but with the some 85 percent of its territory unusable , it is more accurate in geopolitical terms to think of it as a small archipelago with some very long bridges . )
This grants the United States not only a potentially massive internal market , but also the ability to project power without the fear of facing rearguard security threats .
U.S. forces can be focused almost entirely on offensive operations , whereas potential competitors in Eurasia must constantly be on their guard about the neighbors .
The only thing that could threaten U.S. security would be the rise of a Eurasian continental hegemon .
For the past 60 years , Russia ( or the Soviet Union ) has been the only entity that has had a chance of achieving that , largely due to its geographic reach .
U.S. strategy for coping with this is simple : containment , or the creation of a network of allies to hedge in Russian political , economic and military expansion .
NATO is the most obvious manifestation of this policy imperative , while the Sino - Soviet split is the most dramatic one .
Containment requires that United States counter Russian expansionism at every turn , crafting a new coalition wherever Russia attempts to break out of the strategic ring , and if necessary committing direct U.S. forces to the effort .
The Korean and Vietnam wars — both traumatic periods in American history — were manifestations of this effort , as were the Berlin airlift and the backing of Islamist militants in Afghanistan ( who incidentally went on to form al Qaeda ) .
The Georgian war in August was simply the first effort by a resurging Russia to pulse out , expand its security buffer and , ideally , in the Kremlin 's plans , break out of the post - Cold War noose that other powers have tied .
The Americans ( and others ) will react as they did during the Cold War : by building coalitions to constrain Russian expansion .
In Europe , the challenges will be to keep the Germans on board and to keep NATO cohesive .
In the Caucasus , the United States will need to deftly manage its Turkish alliance and find a means of engaging Iran .
In China and Japan , economic conflicts will undoubtedly take a backseat to security cooperation .
Russia and the United States will struggle in all of these areas , consisting as they do the Russian borderlands .
Most of the locations will feel familiar , as Russia 's near abroad has been Russia 's near abroad for nearly 300 years .
Those locations — the Baltics , Austria , Ukraine , Serbia , Turkey , Central Asia and Mongolia — that defined Russia 's conflicts in times gone by will surface again .
Such is the tapestry of history : the major powers seeking advantage in the same places over and over again .
But not all of those fronts are in Eurasia .
So long as U.S. power projection puts the Russians on the defensive , it is only a matter of time before something along the cordon cracks and the Russians are either fighting a land war or facing a local insurrection .
Russia must keep U.S. efforts dispersed and captured by events as far away from the Russian periphery as possible — preferably where Russian strengths can exploit American weakness .
So where is that ?
Geography dictates that U.S. strength involves coalition building based on mutual interest and long - range force projection , and internal U.S. harmony is such that America 's intelligence and security agencies have no need to shine .
Unlike Russia , the United States does not have large , unruly , resentful , conquered populations to keep in line .
In contrast , recall that the multiethnic nature of the Russian state requires a powerful security and intelligence apparatus .
No place better reflects Russia 's intelligence strengths and America 's intelligence weakness than Latin America .
The United States faces no traditional security threats in its backyard .
South America is in essence a hollow continent , populated only on the edges and thus lacking a deep enough hinterland to ever coalesce into a single hegemonic power .
Central America and southern Mexico are similarly fractured , primarily due to rugged terrain .
Northern Mexico ( like Canada ) is too economically dependent upon the United States to seriously consider anything more vibrant than ideological hostility toward Washington .
Faced with this kind of local competition , the United States simply does not worry too much about the rest of the Western Hemisphere — except when someone comes to visit .
Stretching back to the time of the Monroe Doctrine , Washington 's Latin American policy has been very simple .
The United States does not feel threatened by any local power , but it feels inordinately threatened by any Eastern Hemispheric power that could ally with a local entity .
Latin American entities cannot greatly harm American interests themselves , but they can be used as fulcrums by hostile states further abroad to strike at the core of the United States ' power : its undisputed command of North America .
It is a fairly straightforward exercise to predict where Russian activity will reach its deepest .
One only needs to revisit Cold War history .
Future Russian efforts can be broken down into three broad categories : naval interdiction , drug facilitation and direct territorial challenge .
Naval Interdiction Naval interdiction represents the longest sustained fear of American policymakers .
Among the earliest U.S. foreign efforts after securing the mainland was asserting control over the various waterways used for approaching North America .
Key in this American geopolitical imperative is the neutralization of Cuba .
All the naval power - projection capabilities in the world mean very little if Cuba is both hostile and serving as a basing ground for an extra- hemispheric power .
The U.S. Gulf Coast is not only the heart of the country 's energy industry , but the body of water that allows the United States to function as a unified polity and economy .
The Ohio , Missouri , and Mississippi river basins all drain to New Orleans and the Gulf of Mexico .
The economic strength of these basins depends upon access to oceanic shipping .
A hostile power in Cuba could fairly easily seal both the Straits of Florida and the Yucatan Channel , reducing the Gulf of Mexico to little more than a lake .
Building on the idea of naval interdiction , there is another key asset the Soviets targeted at which the Russians are sure to attempt a reprise : the Panama Canal .
For both economic and military reasons , it is enormously convenient to not have to sail around the Americas , especially because U.S. economic and military power is based on maritime power and access .
In the Cold War , the Soviets established friendly relations with Nicaragua and arranged for a favorable political evolution on the Caribbean island of Grenada .
Like Cuba , these two locations are of dubious importance by themselves .
But take them together — and add in a Soviet air base at each location as well as in Cuba — and there is a triangle of Soviet airpower that can threaten access to the Panama Canal .
Drug Facilitation
The next stage — drug facilitation — is somewhat trickier .
South America is a wide and varying land with very little to offer Russian interests .
Most of the states are commodity providers , much like the Soviet Union was and Russia is today , so they are seen as economic competitors .
Politically , they are useful as anti-American bastions , so the Kremlin encourages such behavior whenever possible .
But even if every country in South America were run by anti-American governments , it would not overly concern Washington ; these states , alone or en masse , lack the ability to threaten American interests ... in all ways but one .
The drug trade undermines American society from within , generating massive costs for social stability , law enforcement , the health system and trade .
During the Cold War , the Soviets dabbled with narcotics producers and smugglers , from the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia ( FARC ) to the highland coca farmers of Bolivia .
It is not so much that the Soviets encouraged the drug trade directly , but that they encouraged any group they saw as ideologically useful .
STRATFOR expects future Russian involvement in such activities to eclipse those of the past .
After the Soviet fall , many FSB agents were forced to find new means to financially support themselves .
( Remember it was not until 1999 that Vladimir Putin took over the Russian government and began treating Russian intelligence like a bona fide state asset again . )
The Soviet fall led many FSB agents , who already possessed more than a passing familiarity with things such as smuggling and organized crime , directly into the heart of such activities .
Most of those agents are — formally or not — back in the service of the Russian government , now with a decade of gritty experience on the less savory side of intelligence under their belts .
And they now have a deeply personal financial interest in the outcome of future operations .
Drug groups do not need cash from the Russians , but they do need weaponry and a touch of training — needs which dovetail perfectly with the Russians ' strengths .
Obviously , Russian state involvement in such areas will be far from overt ; it just does not do to ship weapons to the FARC or to one side of the brewing Bolivian civil war with CNN watching .
But this is a challenge the Russians are good at meeting .
One of Russia 's current deputy prime ministers , Igor Sechin , was the USSR 's point man for weapons smuggling to much of Latin America and the Middle East .
This really is old hat for them .
U.S. Stability Finally , there is the issue of direct threats to U.S. stability , and this point rests solely on Mexico .
With more than 100 million people , a growing economy and Atlantic and Pacific ports , Mexico is the only country in the Western Hemisphere that could theoretically ( which is hardly to say inevitably ) threaten U.S. dominance in North America .
During the Cold War , Russian intelligence gave Mexico more than its share of jolts in efforts to cause chronic problems for the United States .
In fact , the Mexico City KGB station was , and remains today , the biggest in the world .
The Mexico City riots of 1968 were in part Soviet - inspired , and while ultimately unsuccessful at overthrowing the Mexican government , they remain a testament to the reach of Soviet intelligence .
The security problems that would be created by the presence of a hostile state the size of Mexico on the southern U.S. border are as obvious as they would be dangerous .
As with involvement in drug activities , which incidentally are likely to overlap in Mexico , STRATFOR expects Russia to be particularly active in destabilizing Mexico in the years ahead .
But while an anti-American state is still a Russian goal , it is not their only option .
The Mexican drug cartels have reached such strength that the Mexican government 's control over large portions of the country is an open question .
Failure of the Mexican state is something that must be considered even before the Russians get involved .
And simply doing with the Mexican cartels what the Soviets once did with anti-American militant groups the world over could suffice to tip the balance .
In many regards , Mexico as a failed state would be a worse result for Washington than a hostile united Mexico .
A hostile Mexico could be intimidated , sanctioned or even invaded , effectively browbeaten into submission .
But a failed Mexico would not restrict the drug trade at all .
The border would be chaos , and the implications of that go well beyond drugs .
One of the United States ' largest trading partners could well devolve into a seething anarchy that could not help but leak into the U.S. proper .
Whether Mexico becomes staunchly anti-American or devolves into the violent chaos of a failed state does not matter much to the Russians .
Either one would threaten the United States with a staggering problem that no amount of resources could quickly or easily fix .
And the Russians right now are shopping around for staggering problems with which to threaten the United States .
In terms of cost - benefit analysis , all of these options are no -brainers .
Threatening naval interdiction simply requires a few jets .
Encouraging the drug trade can be done with a few weapons shipments .
Destabilizing a country just requires some creativity .
However , countering such activities requires a massive outlay of intelligence and military assets — often into areas that are politically and militarily hostile , if not outright inaccessible .
In many ways , this is containment in reverse .
In Nicaragua , President Daniel Ortega has proven so enthusiastic in his nostalgia for Cold War alignments that Nicaragua has already recognized Abkhazia and South Ossetia , the two territories in the former Soviet state ( and U.S. ally ) of Georgia that Russia went to war to protect .
That makes Nicaragua the only country in the world other than Russia to recognize the breakaway regions .
Moscow is quite obviously pleased — and was undoubtedly working the system behind the scenes .
In Bolivia , President Evo Morales is attempting to rewrite the laws that govern his country 's wealth distribution in favor of his poor supporters in the indigenous highlands .
Now , a belt of conflict separates those highlands , which are roughly centered at the pro-Morales city of Cochabamba , from the wealthier , more Europeanized lowlands .
A civil war is brewing — a conflict that is just screaming for outside interference , as similar fights did during the Cold War .
It is likely only a matter of time before the headlines become splattered with pictures of Kalashnikov - wielding Cochabambinos decrying American imperialism .
Yet while the winds of history are blowing in the same old channels , there certainly are variations on the theme .
The Mexican cartels , for one , were radically weaker beasts the last time around , and their current strength and disruptive capabilities present the Russians with new options .
So does Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez , a man so anti-American he seems to be even a few steps ahead of Kremlin propagandists .
In recent days , Chavez has already hosted long - range Russian strategic bombers and evicted the U.S. ambassador .
A glance at a map indicates that Venezuela is a far superior basing point than Grenada for threatening the Panama Canal .
Additionally , Chavez ’s Venezuela has already indicated both its willingness to get militarily involved in the Bolivian conflict and its willingness to act as a weapons smuggler via links to the FARC — and that without any heretofore detected Russian involvement .
The opportunities for smuggling networks — both old and new — using Venezuela as a base are robust .
Not all changes since the Cold War are good for Russia , however .
Cuba is not as blindly pro-Russian as it once was .
While Russian hurricane aid to Cuba is a bid to reopen old doors , the Cubans are noticeably hesitant .
Between the ailing of Fidel Castro and the presence of the world 's largest market within spitting distance , the emerging Cuban regime is not going to reflexively side with the Russians for peanuts .
In Soviet times , Cuba traded massive Soviet subsidies in exchange for its allegiance .
A few planeloads of hurricane aid simply wo n't pay the bills in Havana , and it is still unclear how much money the Russians are willing to come up with .
There is also the question of Brazil .
Long gone is the dysfunctional state ; Brazil is now an emerging industrial powerhouse with an energy company , Petroleo Brasileiro , of skill levels that outshine anything the Russians have yet conquered in that sphere .
While Brazilian rhetoric has always claimed that Brazil was just about to come of age , it now happens to be true .
A rising Brazil is feeling its strength and tentatively pushing its influence into the border states of Uruguay , Paraguay and Bolivia , as well as into regional rivals Venezuela and Argentina .
Russian intervention tends to appeal to those who do not feel they have meaningful control over their own neighborhoods .
Brazil no longer fits into that category , and it will not appreciate Russia 's mucking around in its neighborhood .
A few weeks ago , STRATFOR published a piece called " The New Era " detailing how U.S. involvement in the Iraq war was winding to a close .
We received many comments from readers applauding our optimism .
We are afraid that we were misinterpreted .
" New " does not mean " bright " or " better , " but simply different .
And the dawning struggle in Latin America is an example of the sort of " different " that the United States can look forward to in the years ahead .
Buckle up .
Asian elephants are considered an endangered species
An Asian elephant that became addicted to heroin after being fed bananas spiked with the drug is to return home after undergoing a detox programme .
The four - year - old animal , called Xiguang , received methadone injections for a year at five times the human dosage , state media said .
It was illegally captured by traders in 2005 in south - west China .
When police arrested the traders and freed the elephant , it was found to be suffering from withdrawal symptoms .
The elephant 's eyes kept streaming and he made continuous trumpeting noises , the Beijing News newspaper 's website reported .
It is thought that the traders fed the elephant bananas laced with heroin to capture and control it .
Xiguang was sent to a wild animal protection centre on Hainan island in south - west China for rehab , the official Xinhua new agency said
He is expected to arrive at a wildlife park in Kunming , capital of Yunnan province , on Saturday .
The Asian elephant is an endangered species , with only 25,600 - 32,750 left in the wild , according to the WWF conservation group .
Mr Obama 's grandmother lives in the village where his father was born Kenyan police have stepped up security in the village of US presidential candidate Barack Obama 's grandmother , after a break - in at her home .
The police believe the thieves were trying to steal a solar panel from Sarah Hussein Obama 's tin roof .
Four people have been arrested and patrols increased around Alego - Kogello village , 60 km ( 37 miles ) from Kisumu .
The Illinois senator is a local hero in his father 's homeland , where a local beer has been named after him .
Correspondents say bottles of Senator are now referred to as " Obama " in honour of the Democratic party presidential hopeful .
Fear
The robbery occurred on Wednesday night , when thieves broke down the kitchen door .
These are just people from around who think that Obama has been sending me a lot of money
Sarah Hussein Obama
Beer stirs Obamamania
" I only realised that something had gone wrong when I went to make breakfast in the morning .
I did not hear anything in the night as it was raining ,  Kenya 's Daily Nation quotes Mrs Obama , 86 , as saying .
She said she now feared for her safety .
" These are just people from around who think that Obama has been sending me a lot of money , " she told the East African Standard paper .
Area police commander Johnston Ipara said the robbers were unable to dismantle the panels and nothing was stolen .
" There is now a 24 - hour security patrol in the entire village to curb any further incidents , " he told AFP news agency .
Mr Obama - the first black person to be nominated by either main party in the US - faces Republican candidate John McCain in elections on 4 November .
Mr Obama has never lived in Kenya and he has visited the country just three times .
His father , Barack Obama senior , was born in the remote village in western Kenya , where he herded goats as a child .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Free Court Records
Search for free Court Records , including civil , criminal , family , probate & traffic court case records , calendars & dockets , driving records , parking & traffic ticket payments , and more .
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
What a difference a year makes .
It was only 10 months ago when the first true netbook , the original Asus Eee PC 701 , hit the market .
The Eee was a ground - breaking little computer but had a few flaws , the biggest being the limited 800×480 display .
Today there ’s an overwhelming array of low - cost but highly portable and efficient little laptops .
Each is a full - featured notebook with displays in the 7 - to 10 - inch range and all are easy to tote around .
Nearly all offer several USB ports , a webcam , LED backlit screens , integrated speakers , Wi-Fi and more , so there are very few differentiators .
But the many choices in this nascent netbook market can overwhelm , so below is a quick hit list of popular models along with some basic information to help you decide which one might work best for you .
[ digg=http://digg.com/linux_unix/A_Quick_Guide_to_Netbooks]
Asus Eee PC :
The one that started it all has blossomed into over a dozen models , ranging in size and features .
You can pick and choose between hard drive - based units or those that offer limited - capacity , Solid State Disk flash modules .
Asus offers a simple and effective custom Xandros Linux build , but supports and offers Windows XP as well .
Early models use Intel ’s Celeron CPU but Asus is transitioning to the newer Intel Atom , which is becoming the de facto netbook standard .
Expect to pay between $ 299 and $ 599 for a netbook from the Eee PC line .
HP Mini-Note :
As you can see in our video review , we were very impressed with this 2.8 - pounder from HP .
Although it ’s the one non-Intel netbook available , the VIA C7 - M processor handles most tasks fairly well .
And while the Mini- Note comes in a single size , it ’s not one size fits all :
You can configure the hard drive capacity , processor speed , memory and operating system .
SUSE Linux , Windows XP and even Windows Vista Business can be had .
The HP stands out from the pack with its higher resolution screen ; it fits 1280 x 768 pixels into the 8.9 - inch screen .
Current prices range between $ 499 and $ 829 .
Acer Aspire One : This 2.1 - pound netbook approaches more of a sweet spot in terms of pricing :
The Linux version is $ 329 , while the XP model is only $ 20 more .
Acer includes a lite build of Linpus Linux , which I found to be great for quick , out - of - the - box computing , but most people would be better served with the XP edition .
The incremental extra price also includes twice the memory ( 1 GB vs. 512 MB ) and a faster 120 GB hard drive instead of the slower 8 GB of flash memory .
Even at this low price , there ’s plenty to like about the Aspire One .
MSI Wind : The 2.6 - pound Wind from Taiwan is very similar to the higher - end Asus model ; in fact , the specifications are nearly the same , as is the price .
For $ 599 , you ’ll get a 10.2 - inch display , Windows XP and a 6 - cell battery , which should offer double the run-time over most other netbooks as they use a 3 - cell battery .
Only this model and the Acer Aspire One offer a full - sized and correctly placed Right - Shift key , something very important to touch - typists .
I personally returned my Acer and ordered a Wind partly for this reason , as well as for the fact that the Wind includes integrated Bluetooth for my wireless mouse .
There are other netbooks on the horizon as well .
Lenovo has already announced their Ideapad S10 and Dell is expected to enter this market with a small Inspiron model rumored to start at $ 299 .
Essentially , these models are very similar to what ’s currently available .
In fact , there are very few differentiators amongst the crowd .
Price is probably the most compelling , followed by the feature set .
In my own experience , I ’m finding that the Linux implementations are a third factor .
While many netbook makers are offering custom Linux builds for simplicity , they have to balance that with the ability for the everyday consumer to add , extend and customize their own experience .
Regardless , after using a low - powered computer and just the web for 60 days , I ’m convinced that netbooks are well on their way towards becoming personal cloud computers .
Related Research : The Future of Netbooks
" Could you clarify just how far on the hook I should be for someone else ’s frauds ? "
That ’s MR commentator CK and the answer is " lots . "
Here ’s more detail on the bail out , by the way .
Not good .
But let ’s say that the Treasury did not support the debt of the mortgage agencies .
The Chinese bought over $ 300 billion of that stuff and they were told that it is essentially riskless .
The flow of capital from them and from other central banks , sovereign wealth funds , and plain old ordinary investors would shut down very quickly .
The dollar would fall say 30 - 40 percent in a week , there would be payments system gridlock , margin calls at the clearinghouses would go unmet , and only a trading shutdown would stop the Dow from shedding half its value .
Most of the U.S. banking system would be insolvent .
Emergency Fed / Treasury action would recapitalize the FDIC but we would lose an independent central bank and setting the money supply would be a crapshoot .
The rate of unemployment would climb into double digits and stay there .
Many Americans would not have access to their savings .
The future supply of foreign investment would be noticeably lower .
The Federal government would lose its AAA rating and we would pay much more in borrowing costs .
The deficit would skyrocket .
And I have n’t even mentioned the credit default swaps market .
Well , I have now .
But for another point of view , try Jeff Rogers Hummel .
In his new memoir , “ What Happened , ” Scott McClellan , the former White House press secretary , said the national news media neglected their watchdog role in the run-up to the invasion of Iraq , calling reporters “ complicit enablers ” of the Bush administration ’s push for war .
Surprisingly , some prominent journalists have agreed .
Katie Couric , the anchor of “ CBS Evening News , ” said on Wednesday that she had felt pressure from government officials and corporate executives to cast the war in a positive light .
Speaking on “ The Early Show ” on CBS , Ms. Couric said the lack of skepticism shown by journalists about the Bush administration ’s case for war amounted to “ one of the most embarrassing chapters in American journalism . ”
She also said she sensed pressure from “ the corporations who own where we work and from the government itself to really squash any kind of dissent or any kind of questioning of it . ”
At the time , Ms. Couric was a host of “ Today ” on NBC .
Another broadcast journalist also weighed in .
Jessica Yellin , who worked for MSNBC in 2003 and now reports for CNN , said on Wednesday that journalists had been “ under enormous pressure from corporate executives , frankly , to make sure that this was a war presented in a way that was consistent with the patriotic fever in the nation . ”
The narrative is now set .
McCain is running a deceitful campaign .
And this video just exposes some of his lies , but you can see the pattern clearly .
Spread this video , just as BNF asks at the end .
It 's at almost 416,500 views right now ... let 's get it over a million !
Email this viral video out , put it on your blogs , make it the DKos open threader for a week .
Because the maverick is down to his last shreds of teflon , folks .
Let 's help him strip off the last few shreds .
UPDATE : And Digg it !
UPDATE : Rec list !
Thanks for promoting the video !
And please do remember to email it around too -- even if you just send it to a handful of people .
What started as a side project in 1998 for eco-pioneer Rishi Sowa , soon become a livable island where he resided for 7 - years .
Continue reading to see more .
Click here for first picture in gallery .
Overview
On this man made island , you ’ll find a two - story house — comprised of 250,000 bottles , complete with self - composting toilet , and a solar - powered oven .
It was located in a lagoon off the coast of Mexico until Hurricane Emily destroyed the work of art in 2005 .
However , Rishi Sowa has built a second island in Isla Mujeres , Mexico .
Video
Note : this is an update on my earlier story , which incorrectly said that the AP reported that Chairman Martin was seeking to impose " fines " on Comcast .
In fact , the story used the word " punish " rather than " fine , " and a headline writer at the New York Times added " penalty " to it " F.C.C. Chairman Favors Penalty on Comcast " ( I wo n't quote the story because I 'm a blogger and the AP is the AP , so click through . )
Much of the initial reaction to the story was obviously colored by the headline .
Martin's concept of punishment is to order the company to do what it had already told the public it was doing , phasing out one system of traffic management in favor of another one .
It 's a non-penalty punishment , akin to forcing a misbehaving child to eat the candies she 's already enjoying .
Now back to our story .
At a press conference today , FCC Chairman Kevin Martin said he 's not seeking to fine Comcast .
Rather , he will simply impose some reporting requirements on them and order them to do what they 've already started to do , phase out the current traffic management system in favor of an application - agnostic one .
Confusion continues to surround this story .
Cnet reported recently that both AT&T and Verizon spokesmen recommended , at NXTComm panel , that the FCC take action against Comcast , Cnet had to correct the story after the corporate spokesmen clarified they meant to say that the FCC should take some action that did n't punish Comcast but did establish that the agency has jurisdiction over broadband management practices .
The original AP story on Comcast written by Peter Svensson created a mistaken impression as well , since it represented a very artificial test as a typical P2P transaction .
Svensson is not the reporter who wrote the wire story on the pending FCC action .
The empty " punishment " allows both sides to claim victory .
One of the more intelligent commentaries on that report was from the Bits blog at the New York Times :
Comcast , the nation 's largest cable provider , admitted that it was slowing down certain traffic but claimed it was legitimately managing its network so that a few bandwidth hogs did n't bog things down for everyone else .
Still , in response to critics , the company decided to work with BitTorrent and experiment with other traffic - management techniques to handle the loads on its network .
The dirty little secret of the Internet industry is that all the providers use software tools to manage their network traffic .
Comcast got caught and may have been more aggressive than some rivals , but it 's certainly not alone .
So why should Comcast be punished for engaging in a practice that 's necessary for network stability , does n't violate any actual rules , and helps the vast majority of its customers ?
There 's no rational reason for the Commission to rule this way , and if they do the only real result will be a court challenge that throws the order in the trash can .
I 've said from the beginning that the one aspect of the Comcast network management incident that 's questionable is the lack of disclosure in the early days of the controversy , but all that warrants is a slap on the wrist .
The real problem with disclosure is that no carrier can really explain how it manages its network in a way the typical consumer can understand .
Levying fines for necessary network management practices would be ridiculous , and the recent Free Press filing with the FCC shows that they do n't actually believe they have a legal leg to stand on .
The net neutrality and reasonable management rules are impossibly vague .
I 'm not a lawyer , but there has to be common law principle against punishing people for violating secret laws .
Free Press is enjoying the moment , according to reporter Nate Anderson of the Ars Technica blog :
In a statement sent out late Thursday night , Ammori summed up Free Press ' achievement in typical fashion .
" Nine months ago , Comcast was exposed for blocking free choice on the Internet .
At every turn , Comcast has denied blocking , lied to the public and tried to avoid being held accountable .
We have presented an open and shut case that Comcast broke the law .
The FCC now appears ready to take action on behalf of consumers .
This is an historic test for whether the law will protect the open Internet .
If the commission decisively rules against Comcast , it will be a remarkable victory for organized people over organized money . "
Free Press has an annual budget of $ 5 million , some of which it has spent organizing demonstrators at FCC hearings .
At the end of the day , this is much more a question about jurisdiction than it is about policy .
Martin is the lapdog of the Telcos and avowed enemy of the cable industry .
The Telcos want to prevent Congress from passing either of the Markey or Conyers bills , as they lay out strict , easily - enforceable rules that are fundamentally ludicrous and unworkable .
They figure the best way to block these bills is for the FCC to assert that it already has the authority to guarantee sweetness and light on the Internet through its ancillary authority and Policy Statement ( the four freedoms . )
Cable companies do n't trust Martin to give them a fair shake , so they deny the Policy Statement is a rule , which it says it is n't .
The cable companies have a better feel for the tactical side of the question than the telcos do at the moment , as they 're the ones who 've been taking the heat .
Letting the FCC sanction Comcast will only embolden the neutrality mob , and they 'll damn sure push on to Congress regardless of the outcome in the FCC .
The only way to beat them is to win every battle and take the wind out of their sails .
So this can only come out in two ways as a jurisdiction matter : either the FCC shows it can kick ass and take names , or Congress gets into the act with some very misguided legislation that 's going to cause five years of misery until the courts overturn it .
So Comcast is in the position of a kid brother who 's been blamed for stealing the cookies that his older brother ate : it can take a whipping , or be grounded for a week .
I 'd personally take the whipping , but neither prospect is appealing .
It 's unfortunate that the matter has come to this pass , but there 's a lesson in it about responding to false allegations quickly and strongly : the Swiftboat Lesson , once again .
Free Press ' complaint is an ocean of mendacity , but that sort of thing needs to be nipped in the bud .
The next time , I suspect the ISPs will be better prepared .
And make no mistake , this is a war , not a battle , and there will be a next time , and time after that , etc .
FYI , Gigi Sohn of Public Knowledge admits today that her group will seek legislation anyway :
" At the same time , this case is limited in scope to one company and to one type of behavior .
Even if the Commission ultimately issues an order against Comcast , there is still a need for legislation to prohibit discrimination by telephone and cable companies while preserving the rights of Internet users and companies that do business on the Internet .
You can't please these people .
On Air
Coast to Coast AM with George Noory
Monday , 15 Sep , 2008 Offbeat
Police managed to arrest a couple who refused medical treatment for their scrawny baby because of religious reasons .
According to Globe and Mail , everything started at the Hospital for Sick Children in Toronto on September 10 when mother took her 9 - month - old son .
The hospital doctors determined that the boy was malnourished because he weighted only 11 pounds , which is close to the weight of a newborn .
After the woman refused to hand over the child officials decided to take the parents into custody and send the child to hospital .
The couple 's unpredictable behavior for the first time made headlines throughout Toronto last week , when police announced they were looking for the woman and her baby .
However , the shocking scope of the whole story became clear only recently .
After the second confrontation of the two with the hospital staff , police discovered that both , baby 's mother and father belong to a religious sect that denies institutionalized medicine , claiming that government agents do not have any authority over the sect 's members .
" She 's not an evil person and she 's not a bad mother , " explained the sect 's spiritual leader who calls himself Grand Sheik Brother Kudjo Sut Tekh El , when he waited outside a police station for the two to be arrested .
Police officials stated that they look forward to lay obstruction charges against the couple .
According to Mr. Sut Tekh
El , the couple 's child was skinny because he had eczema and severe food allergies .
Nevertheless , he said : " we have the rights as Moorish - Americans not to succumb to institutionalized ways of healing ourselves . "
He said that all of the sect 's members try keep away from hospitals and pharmaceutical drugs .
They all opt for natural remedies for all illnesses , even cancer .
Mr. Sut Tekh
El stated that Canadian government has no authority over Moorish - Americans , which is why the baby should not have been taken by the Children 's Aid Society .
" It basically infringes on his nationality , " he added .
Last week mother , who has been in the sect for about a year , took he baby to the hospital after she was advised by a naturopathic doctor to do so .
The hospital staff raised serious concerns over the child 's malnutrition .
" The hospital said they were going to take her baby , " Mr. Sut Tekh El said .
But the woman took her child and fled .
Shortly after than the hospital officials called the police .
Yesterday , the couple came back to Sick Kids .
However , they refused to hand over the child .
Both police and hospital staff urged the woman to give the child .
The problem was solved a couple of hours later with police arresting the couple .
Children 's Aid Society seized the 9 - month - old baby together with another child of the couple and a toddler .
According to the police the baby is not in severe condition now .
Source : : Globe and Mail
Ok so i installed flash a few days ago , and my friend gave me an actionscript to use to make flashes but its not working .
Is my script not detailed enough ?
Do i need better stage directions ?
Can anyone help me ?
setMovietitle ( Tanks on Rampage ) ;
TotalFrames ( 540 ) ;
setscript " Green Tank rolling over a school bus , a bus driver named Otto jumps out of it and begins climbing the tank , he jumps inside and knocks the guy out and begins driving the tank into the sunset " ;
startAnimation ;
gotoAndPlay ( 1 ) ;
====================
WHY IS BATTLE FOR WHITE HOUSE ONLY CONTEST THAT'S A CLIFFHANGER ?
#
#
#
#
is
A STEADY STREAM OF RACIALLY - CHARGED INCIDENTS AGAINST OBAMA
CONGRESSMAN WESTMORELAND : OBAMAS 'UPPITY '
EVEN FELLOW DEMOCRATS MAKE RACIAL SLIPS OF THE TONGUE
Daily Breeze
New York Observer
EXPOSED : ANTI - OBAMA BOOK AUTHOR HAS TIES TO WHITE SUPREMACISTS
The Obama Nation
The Obama Nation
VANDALS HIT OBAMA CAMPAIGN OFFICES -- AND A SUPPORTER'S HOME -- WITH RACIST GRAFFITI
The Washington Post
AFTER MAKING NUMEROUS THREATS , SUSPECTS ARRESTED IN ALLEGED PLOTS TO KILL OBAMA
CONSERVATIVE GROUP SELLS IMAGES OF OBAMA IN RACIAL STEREOTYPES
WHITE VOTERS ' LIES TO POLLSTERS COST TOM BRADLEY '82 GOVERNOR'S RACE IN CALIFORNIA .
. .
. . . WHILE LAST - MINUTE OVERT RACE - BAITING COST GANTT , FORD THEIR U.S. SENATE BIDS
Love in Black and White
OBAMA , MEDIA MUST FACE REALITY : RACE WILL BE A FACTOR IN '08 ELECTION
must
# # #
Volume III , Number 55
Copyright 2008 , Skeeter Sanders .
All rights reserved .
Members of the unit were celebrating their last day in Hebron An Israeli court has convicted two border guards over the unlawful killing of a Palestinian teenager in the West Bank town of Hebron in 2002 .
Imran Abu Hamdieh died after the two men , Shahar Botbeka and Denis Alhazov , pushed him from the back of a military vehicle travelling at 50 mph ( 80 km / h ) .
Earlier this year , another member of their unit was jailed for six and a half years , but he fled the country .
A fourth officer was jailed for four and a half years in a plea bargain .
Mr Abu Hamdieh was seized from outside his home in Hebron on 30 December 2002 .
He suffered serious head injuries when members of the border police unit - celebrating the end of their posting in Hebron - made him jump from their jeep as it sped through the streets .
In Israeli law , the offence the policeman was convicted of , which translates from Hebrew as " killing " , is usually used to denote cases where the death was not premeditated , in contrast to murder .
Cruel abuse Botbek and Alhazov are due to be sentenced in December .
Court documents described their actions as a rampage of cruel abuse .
They grabbed several Palestinians off the street and drove them to remote locations to beat them .
Imran Abu Hamdieh was picked up late in the evening .
The border policemen beat him inside the vehicle and then opened the back door and ordered him to jump out , but he refused .
As the jeep reached 70 - 80 km an hour , the policemen managed to prise his grip loose , and pushed him out of the vehicle and it sped off .
The BBC's Tim Franks in Jerusalem says Hebron is a tense place even in normal times ; it is the only city in the West Bank which also has an enclave of Jewish settlers living there , guarded by a large Israeli military presence .
It is rare for Israeli soldiers or policemen to be convicted for killing Palestinians .
The Israeli army was unable at the time of publication to give figures for previous such cases .
In 2005 , a former Israeli soldier was jailed for eight years over the death of British peace activist Tom Hurndall .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Posted by Gail the Actuary on October 2 , 2008 - 10:15 am
How can we cut our energy use for commuting ?
What methods are working for you ?
What methods make most sense in our current credit environment ?
This is mostly an open thread , to give people an opportunity to talk about what is and is n't working for them .
If the economy is sputtering , peak oil is around the corner , and hurricane related shortages are becoming more common , these methods are going to more and more important in the days ahead .
Some ideas that have been suggested include :
1 . More work at home plans , possibly a few days a week .
Walid Moallem leans forward in the armchair of the Paris Intercontinental Opera .
" It 's all on the record , " he snaps .
It usually is .
The Syrians can be up - front when you least expect it .
Syria 's Foreign Minister is one of their top negotiators , a man who knows Israel 's diplomats almost as well as they know themselves , who understands all the traps of the Middle East .
Tell me who murdered Rafiq Hariri , I ask him .
And Mr Moallem grins bleakly and reaches into his jacket pocket .
His beefy hand emerges clutching a wad of pale green Syrian hundred - pound notes .
" Tell me the answer and you can take all my money , " he says .
He may see evil among Syria 's enemies but he will speak no evil , certainly not of the French .
" We are building trust with the French , " he says .
Syria is ready to co-operate on the prevention of illegal immigration , against " what you in the West call ' terrorism ' " and opening a developed economic partnership .
And Mr Moallem can be a bit preachy into the bargain .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
" You in the West have a moral duty in Europe to educate the United States more about the Middle East .
If they do n't listen to you , they will not listen to us .
They will continue with their mistakes . "
I do n't think they 're going to listen , I mutter .
But Mr Moallem is in full flow .
" When we announced our position in the Security Council against the invasion of Iraq , the Americans adopted a policy of isolating Syria .
We know that the United States is a superpower and many countries prefer to follow its policies without question .
We say : ' We differ ... we belong to a region where we are in the middle of the eye of the storm .
The United States is 10,000 km far away from us .
We are directly involved and influenced by regional issues .
We consider dialogue , despite differences , is the most important in diplomacy .
The message of President Assad to France is that the old policies are wrong , that only dialogue can solve difficult issues . "
So , what about the opening of a Syrian embassy in Beirut and a Lebanese embassy in Damascus ?
" We reached agreement in principle to establish diplomatic relations .
Unfortunately , after that , relations between the Syrian and Lebanese government were negative .
A lot of Lebanese leaders tried publicly to accuse Syria of many issues [ sic ] of which Syria is innocent . "
Were these issues , I ask Mr Moallem , perhaps – well – were they assassinations ?
" Innocent ! " he thunders .
" At least , they provide no proof of their accusation .
In a negative atmosphere , you cannot establish diplomatic relations .
But after the Doha agreement [ which called for a unity government in Lebanon and a veto over cabinet decisions by the pro-Syrian opposition ] we hope that a positive atmosphere will be created .
So now we are talking about two states , two independent sovereign states on an equal footing .
The will of each side is to be respected . "
And the Hariri tribunal to find his murderers ?
What did Assad and Sarkozy say about this ?
" Never mentioned – not once , " Mr Moallem replies .
" The French President asked President Assad to help , through his relations with Iran , in inviting international public opinion to understand that the Iranian nuclear programme is a peaceful one ...
We stand firmly against the race of nuclear , biological or chemical weapons in our region . "
So what was the mysterious target of Israel 's bombing raid on Syria ?
" It was a military location , " Mr Moallem said slowly .
" I can assure you that if it was a nuclear site , it would – after bombing – leave radiation .
Do you really think , if our intention was to do this [ develop nuclear weapons ] , we would allow the IAEA inspector to come from Vienna to examine the site ? "
Mr Moallem 's pound notes remain on the table .
But for how long ?
The boys at Porsche , obviously stunned that the Nissan GT - R achieved a claimed Nurburgring lap time of 7:29 — faster than either their 911 Turbo or GT2 — decided to do a little testing of their own .
Using a stock GT - R sourced from the States , Porsche 's ' Ring expert was able to perform a best lap of just 7:54 , easily beaten by both the 911 Turbo ( 7:38 ) and GT2 ( 7:34 ) .
The results were no surprise to Porsche , considering that its cars have more power yet weigh less than the GT -R , leading the engineers in Stuttgart to claim Nissan was running its tests using race tires .
In polite German fashion , the Porsche folks state they are n't trying to start a battle , just satisfy their own concerns .
" The Nissan is a good car .
I do n't want to make anything bad with my words , " August Achleitner , the 911 product chief for Porsche , told a CarsGuide reporter .
At the time of this writing , Nissan has n't responded to Porsche 's claims of foul play , but we 're interested to see if a mea culpa is forthcoming or if Nissan will provide irrefutable proof of Godzilla 's triumph .
Stay tuned .
[ CarsGuide ; thanks Jack ! ]
Advertisement
As a follow - up of sorts to the last post on evolution , an excellent article by Steve Jones from the same book discusses the reasons for why ...
POPE BENEDICT XVI yesterday issued another vigorous defence of one of his predecessors , Pius XII , saying he hoped Pius would soon be beatified .
The pope 's remarks came during his homily at a commemorative Mass in the Basilica of St Peter 's to mark the 50th anniversary of the death of Pius .
The pope was speaking just three days after the Chief Rabbi of Haifa , Shear - Yushev Cohen , addressed the Vatican 's Synod of Bishops saying , in an obvious reference to Pius XII , that Jews cannot " forgive and forget " that during the second World War some major religious leaders did not speak out against the Holocaust .
Speaking to reporters after his address , Rabbi Cohen had said that Pius should not be seen as a " model " and that he should not be beatified .
Rabbi Cohen is just the latest in a long line of Jewish commentators who have argued that Pius , who was pope from 1939 to 1958 , failed to raise his voice against the horrors of the Nazi regime and did nothing to help save Jews from the Holocaust .
Vatican scholars , in contrast , have often argued that Pius did his best , not speaking out more directly against Hitler for fear of retaliation against the Jewish people .
In his homily yesterday , Pope Benedict acknowledged that Pius was a controversial figure saying that the " historical debate " on him had " not always been serene " .
However , not for the first time , Benedict defended Pius , arguing that his behind - the - scenes actions had saved the greatest possible number of Jews .
" He acted in a secret and silent way because , given the realities of that complex historical moment , he realised that it was only in this way that he could avoid the worst and save the greatest possible number of Jews . "
After the war , Pope Benedict added , Pius had received numerous expression of gratitude from Jews , pointing out that at the time of his death , Israeli foreign minister Golda Meir had written : " When that terrifying martyrdom hit our people , during the 10 years of Nazi terror , the pope raised his voice on behalf of the victims . "
Partly because of the tensions created in Catholic - Jewish relations by the awkward figure of Pius , his road along the path to sainthood has been very slow .
Yesterday , however , the pope appeared to sponsor that cause , saying " we are all praying " that his beatification " might proceed happily " .
Just for the record , I asked an intern to go back and double fact - check the twelve documented lies that Sarah Palin has told on the public record .
These are not hyperbolic claims or rhetorical excess .
They are assertions of fact that are demonstrably untrue and remain uncorrected .
Every single one of the lies I documented holds up after several news cycles have had a chance to vet them even further .
I know the MSM demands that we move on from the fact that someone who could be president next January has a list of public lies so extensive and indisputable that the McCain campaign has still not been able to rebut or even address any one of them , while fencing her off from the press and refusing to hold a press conference to clear the air on so many murky questions of fact that get to the core of whether this person is fit to be vice - president or president .
So for the record , let it be known that the candidate for vice - president for the GOP is a compulsive , repetitive , demonstrable liar .
If you follow the links , here is the proof .
I repeat : proof :
- She has lied about the Bridge To Nowhere .
She ran for office favoring it , wore a sweatshirt defending it , and only gave it up when the federal congress , Senator McCain in particular , went ballistic .
She kept the money anyway and favors funding Don Young 's Way , at twice the cost of the original bridge .
September 27th , 2020 10:17 pm Headsman
“ I thought being away from the prison system would make me think about the things I ’d seen less , but it was quite the opposite .
I ’d think about it all the time .
It was like I ’d taken the lid off Pandora ’s Box and I could n’t put it back on .
I ’d open a bag of chips and smell the death chamber , or something on the radio would remind me of a conversation I ’d had with an inmate , hours before he was executed .
Or I ’d see the wrinkled hands of Ricky McGinn ’s mother , pressed against the glass of the death chamber , and I ’d dissolve into tears .
– Michelle Lyons , former spokesperson for the Texas Department of Criminal Justice , on the burden she carries from witnessing some 300 executions .
McGinn was executed by lethal injection on September 27 , 2000 , for raping and murdering his 12 - year - old stepdaughter .
Amid the turmoil in the financial markets , President Bush makes a statement outside the Oval Office on Thursday .
President Bush goes AWOL
Where ’s George ?
The president , I mean .
You remember him .
Dubya .
No. 43 .
Won a second term a few years ago .
It was in all the papers .
Advertisement
But where has he been lately ?
Where has he been during America ’s worst financial crisis since the Great Depression ?
Nowhere .
AWOL .
Every now and then , when the stock market takes yet another sickening plunge , a few words issue forth from the presidential lips .
A very few words .
Delivered with the greatest reluctance .
“ I will continue to closely monitor the situation in our financial markets and consult with my economic advisers , ” President Bush said Thursday in a two - minute address from the Rose Garden .
That ’s right , two minutes .
Delivered , according to the official White House transcript , from 10:15 a.m. EDT to 10:17 a.m. EDT .
Maybe you missed it .
Maybe you were at work .
Maybe the president does n’t care .
Maybe that ’s the problem .
George W. Bush will continue to draw a paycheck until noon on Jan. 20 , 2009 .
( If there is still any money left in the U.S. Treasury to pay him , that is . )
But what has he been doing to earn his pay lately ?
Not calming fears among his fellow citizens about their life savings , that ’s for sure .
On Monday , the Dow Jones industrial average dropped 504 points , its worst drop since the attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 .
But Bush did not address the nation that night .
Instead , he held a state dinner for the president of Ghana .
Gratin of Maine lobster , late - summer corn pudding , ginger - scented farm lamb and graham cracker crumble with cocoa pod shell was served .
Eleven members of the cast of “ The Lion King ” came down from Broadway and performed .
It was quite a bash .
The Washington Post described President Bush and Ghanaian President John Kufuor as “ ebullient . ”
I have nothing against Ghana .
I have been to Ghana .
I really liked the people there .
And considering President Kufuor had Bush over for dinner in February when Bush was in Ghana , Bush was only being polite .
( To honor Bush in February , Kufuor renamed a local highway the “ George Bush Motorway . ”
Bush did not return the favor this week , perhaps because he intends to sell the naming rights to our federal highways for quick cash . )
The toast President Bush gave to President Kufuor Monday was 383 words long .
Bush ’s Rose Garden address to the nation Thursday on the financial crisis was 263 words long .
Could this be a case of misplaced priorities ?
Do you think ?
We are talking about a real crisis in America that is going to turn into a real panic unless the president does something .
Modern presidents have assumed duties beyond their constitutional ones , and one duty is to provide guidance and leadership that establish calm and restore confidence in times of trouble .
George Bush did this very well following Sept. 11 , but he is not doing it now .
The stock market swoons , home prices fall , job losses mount .
But the president does not want to talk about it .
Not really .
And he certainly does not want to take any questions about it .
He has not taken any questions on anything since Aug .
6 . On Wednesday his press secretary , Dana Perino , explained why .
“ If you guys [ i.e. , reporters ] had him in here , almost everything would be geared towards the election , and he is cognizant of that , ” Perino said .
“ I mean , every time that I would think about maybe having a press conference , the news of the day would be such that we might be talking about lipstick on a pig , and the president is just not going to get involved in it . ”
In other words , the president is not going to get involved with restoring public confidence in our financial system because he is afraid somebody might ask him a question about politics .
And because he does n’t want to talk about politics ( and why does n’t he , considering he is supporting John McCain ? ) , he wo n’t talk about anything .
Does this make any sense ?
Calm any fears ?
Soothe any troubled minds ?
Does the president have a magic wand that can make the current crisis go away ?
No .
That is my point .
Because the president lacks a magic wand , he must use the tools at his disposal , one of which is the bully pulpit .
He needs to sit down behind that big desk in the Oval Office and have a formal address to this nation .
Then he needs to hold a news conference and answer questions , even the unpleasant ones .
And if he wants to have “ The Lion King ” performed afterward , fine .
Latest news
2081 : Everyone will finally be equal quietearth [ Celluloid 08.28.08 ] news short scifi dystopic
Tweet
Considering Kurt Vonnegut 's short story Harrison Bergeron and the Bruce Pittman made - for - tv adaptation are a couple of my personal favorite things of all time , my jaw almost hit the floor when I saw this new adaptation .
2081 is short film directed by Chandler Tuttle which is based on one of Vonnegut 's most profound and shortest of stories .
" 2081 is set in a dystopian future where everyone is â€œequal every which way , â€ a world in which a Handicapper General goes to enormous lengths to prevent competition and to eliminate innate human differences .
Beautiful people wear disfiguring masks ; intelligent people have loud , distracting noises piped into their heads to interrupt their thoughts ; athletes are burdened with heavy weights .
The end result is a society where no one can think , no one can love , and no one can register how much they have been dehumanized by social engineering -- so much so that when the brilliant , strong , handsome Harrison Bergeron is shot for breaking free of his restraints , his own parents are incapable of absorbing what has happened .
Tuttle calls the story â€ œa poetic tale of triumph and tragedy , an unbridled tribute to greatnessâ€ ” great art , great music , great dance , and the magnitude of the human spirit.â€ 
Trailer and stills after the break !
2081 official website with trailer
Considering Kurt Vonnegut 's short storyand the Bruce Pittman made - for - tv adaptation are a couple of my personal favorite things of all time , my jaw almost hit the floor when I saw this new adaptation .
is short film directed by Chandler Tuttle which is based on one of Vonnegut 's most profound and shortest of stories .
Trailer and stills after the break !
You might also like
Anonymous ( 12 years ago ) Reply
YES !!
Egalitarian Horror !
ultrajosua ( 12 years ago ) Reply
I saw the trailer last week and investigated on the orignal story , which you can read in its full lenght here :
http://instruct.westvalley.edu/lafave/hb.html
And as good as the trailer seem ...
I do n't know how they are going to keep the story going after that , I mean this is a really short story and in the trailer we see almost everything that 's written .
I really like the setting and this vision of the future but a movie about it , they 'll need to work hard :)
quietearth ( 12 years ago ) Reply
actually there 's already a feature length film simply titled " Harrison Bergeron " based on this short and it's quite good , so I do n't think it would be much of a strength to even turn this into a tv series .
sonaboy ( 12 years ago ) Reply
I imagine they would just need to appropriate some of Vonnegut 's other properties to just continue a mish mash of dystopian character studies that all relate somehow - the next in line being Welcome To The Monkey House , and then moving on into longer pieces like Player Piano .
This short film looks pretty fantastic , I 'd say .
Is this an american production ?
quietearth ( 12 years ago ) Reply
Yes , this is from the Moving Picture Institute in New York .
Anonymous ( 12 years ago ) Reply
there are spoilers in this , they should gave said so .
It said like the whole damn story .
Kate ( 11 years ago ) Reply
This looks really , really good .
I can't wait for it to come out in theatres / DVD .
I will absolutely see it .
THe whole thing , to me , is sheer poetry .
It 's such a sad and frightening story that is a possible reality .
Once again , ca n't wait .
Jonathan ( 10 years ago ) Reply
It 's out on DVD .
Amazon has it for $ 10.99 .
Buy it .
Security fix released
In accordance with our security policy , today the Django project is issuing a set of releases to fix a security vulnerability reported to us .
This message contains a description of the vulnerability , a description of the changes made to fix it , and pointers to the patches for each supported version of Django .
Description of vulnerability
The Django administration application , as a convenience for users whose sessions expire , will attempt to preserve HTTP POST data from an incoming submission while re-authenticating the user , and will -- on successful authentication -- allow the submission to continue without requiring data to be re-entered .
Django developer Simon Willison has presented the Django development team with a proof - of - concept cross - site request forgery ( CSRF ) which exploits this behavior to perform unrequested deletion / modification of data .
This exploit has been tested and verified by the Django team , and succeeds regardless of whether Django 's bundled CSRF - protection module is active .
Affected versions
Django development trunk
Django 0.96
Django 0.95
Django 0.91
Resolution
As it represents a persistent vector for CSRF attacks , this behavior is being removed from Django ; henceforth , attempted posts from users whose sessions have expired will be discarded and the data will need to be re-entered .
This is , then , backwards - incompatible with existing behavior and may be considered a feature removal ; however , the Django team feel that the security risks of this feature outweigh its minor utility .
The fix for this issue was applied to the Django repository in changeset 8877 , which contains the relevant changes for each affected version
Based on these changes , the Django team is issuing three new releases :
The relevant patch has been applied to Django trunk as well , and so will be included in the forthcoming Django 1.0 release candidate ( to be issued later today ) and the final Django 1.0 release .
All users of affected Django versions are encouraged to upgrade immediately .
A file containing the MD5 and SHA1 checksums of the new release packages has been placed on the djangoproject.com server .
This file is PGP - signed with the Django release manager 's public key .
This key has the ID 0x8C8B2AE1 and can be obtained from , e.g. , the MIT PGP keyserver
Release manager 's note
If you are currently maintaining and distributing a packaged version of Django ( e.g. , for a Linux or other Unix distribution ) , or if you are a hosting company which officially supports Django as an option for customers , and you did not receive an advance notification of this issue , please contact Django 's release manager ( James Bennett , james at b - list dot org ) as soon as possible so that you can be added to the list of known distributors who receive such notifications .
North Korea has begun rebuilding a nuclear reactor it recently knocked down as part of a disarmament agreement , in an apparent reprisal for delays in the delivery of Washington 's end of the deal .
South Korea confirmed reports yesterday that reconstruction had begun at the Yongbyon nuclear complex , where the North Koreans are believed to have produced plutonium for about six bombs .
Washington has insisted that North Korea introduce transparency measures so that the dismantling of its nuclear programme can be verified .
Critics say that those measures were not part of the deal , brokered by a six - nation group , which exchanged disarmament for aid .
A South Korean foreign ministry spokesman , Moon Tae - young , said : " Our government expresses serious concern because this goes against the movement toward denuclearising North Korea and damages the six -nation process . "
Transmission Electron Microscopy photograph of an Escherichia coli bacterium with flagella .
Micro-robots are being developed to mimic the swimming behaviour of E.coli .
Bacteria may be humble single - celled creatures , but they 're sophisticated enough to anticipate regular events , such as the arrival of day , thanks to their internal circadian clocks .
A new study shows that they can also anticipate and prepare for sporadic events , as long as the events are reliably preceded by a signal .
What kinds of events ?
Well , to colonize the gut of a mammal , Escherichia coli must first enter the warm - blooded diner 's mouth , where the bacteria experience a temperature rise ; a short time later , they end up in the intestines — a place with low oxygen levels , as well as fierce competition from other microscopic settlers .
Bacteria would do well to anticipate low - oxygen conditions and begin to adjust metabolically from the moment they enter the mouth .
Indeed , when Ilias Tagkopoulos , his graduate advisor Saeed Tavazoie , and Yir - Chung Liu , all at Princeton University , cranked up the heat on E. coli in the laboratory from 77 to 98.6 degrees Fahrenheit , the bacteria immediately deactivated genes involved in aerobic respiration ( which requires oxygen ) and activated genes governing anaerobic respiration ( which does n't ) .
Then the team repeatedly exposed a population of E. coli to a rise in oxygen following a rise in temperature , a sequence unlikely to occur in nature .
The bacteria 's native low - oxygen response all but vanished within a hundred generations , confirming that their foresight is flexible and results from natural selection .
The finding was detailed in the journal Science .
The Final Call | FinalCall.com Page Not Found
The page you requested can not be found .
The page you are looking for might have been removed , had its name changed , or is temporarily unavailable .
Try searching for it :
Loading
Use our search engine or try the following :
If you typed the page address in the Address bar , make sure that it is spelled correctly .
Open the www.finalcall.com home page and look for links to the information you want .
Use the navigation bar at the top to find the link you are looking for .
-----
CNN 's Peter Hamby turns in yet another boffo pool report from the Palin beat , again from Philly .
Seems that a up - on - current - events Temple grad student took advantage of being in the same cheesesteak line with Palin at Tony Luke 's to quiz her on Pakistan .
In the process , she undercut McCain 's own attacks on Obama for being overly willing to signal U.S. readiness to follow al Qaeda across the border from Afghanistan to Pakistan .
McCain , appearing this morning on ABC's " This Week , " bemoaned the new media rules where cheesesteak line conversations become fair game .
" This is a free country but I do n’t think most Americans think that was a policy statement , " McCain said .
Full Tony
Luke 's back and forth after the jump , including what has got to be one of the first times the words " Waziristan " and " whiz " have been used in the same story .
PHILADELPHIA ( CNN ) – Sarah Palin partook in an established political ritual on Saturday night when she headed to Tony Luke 's in south Philadelphia to order a pair of cheesesteaks with whiz and onions .
But as the kitchen sizzled and orders were barked out , Palin found herself talking politics , calling McCain 's debate performance " awesome " and taking questions from a voter about the hunt for terrorists in Pakistan .
While waiting in line with her daughter Willow to place her order , a reporter asked Palin if she watched Friday 's debate , and what her impressions were .
" I did , I did , " she said .
" McCain did awesome .
He was great .
He was absolutely on his game . "
Palin added that she is ready to debate Joe Biden next Thursday in St. Louis .
" I am , " she said .
" Look forward to it .
Look forward to getting to speak to Americans through that debate , absolutely . "
The governor got a more serious interrogation moments later when Temple graduate student Michael Rovito approached her to inquire about Pakistan .
" How about the Pakistan situation ? , " Rovito asked her .
" What 's your thoughts about that ? "
" In Pakistan ? , " she asked , looking surprised .
" What 's going on over there , like Waziristan ? "
" It 's working with [ Pakistani president ] Zardari to make sure that we 're all working together to stop the guys from coming in over the border , " she told him .
" And we 'll go from there . "
Rovito was n't finished .
" Waziristan is blowing up ! , " he said .
" Yeah it is , " Palin said , " and the economy there is blowing up too . "
" So we do cross border , like from Afghanistan to Pakistan you think ? , " Rovito asked .
" If that 's what we have to do stop the terrorists from coming any further in , absolutely , we should , " Palin responded , before moving on to greet other voters .
Palin ordered the two sandwiches , but the managers refused to let her pay , so she slipped a bill into their tip jar .
She did not chow down at the restaurant , opting instead to take the food with her in the motorcade .
comments closed
permalink
This is my sixth year teaching .
An error occured , please check that you have Flash Player 10 or higher .
" The views that I express represent my own opinions , based on my own education and experience , not the opinions of any other entity , party , or group to which I belong .
I give these opinions in my individual capacity , as a private citizen , and as someone who gives a good gosh darn about his community , his country , and the truth . "
In other words : my blog , my words , my point of view .
Enjoy !
Occasionally , I will mention my job , my public service activities , and other aspects of my life to offer my readers a better perspective on where I 'm coming from .
But to be clear :
Google has once again managed to stir up debate about the existence of privacy in our highly connected culture as it argues that the " No Trespassing " sign in your front yard is just for show .
Back in April , a Pittsburgh couple sued Google for driving up a private road , taking pictures of their house , then posting them for the world to see with Google Maps ' Street View feature .
At the time , Google argued that pictures and other details of the house were already on the Internet due to its previous sale listing .
The company was also quick to point out that the couple compounded the attention drawn to the photos it took by filing a lawsuit instead of using Google 's tools for requesting a removal of the images .
The debate centered around an " opt - in or opt - out " conundrum .
In this media - rich society where anyone can snap a photo with a free mobile phone and instantly share it with the world , is it the responsibility of companies like Google to prevent unauthorized content from leaking onto its services ?
Or is an ( ideally ) effective set of content removal policies and tools enough , and we all just have to roll with the punches as they come ?
More complaints surfacing against Google 's persistent Street View cars appear to side with the former view , especially when Google is funding the data collection and has control over how it 's done .
" It is n't just a privacy issue ; it is a trespassing issue with their own photos as evidence , " Betty Webb , a Humboldt County , CA , resident told The Press Democrat .
Webb and residents of other counties like Sonoma are complaining now that Google 's drivers have flat - out ignored over one hundred private roads , " No Trespassing " signs , and at least one barking watchdog in their quest to photograph roads and homes .
A Google spokesperson advised users upset about images that they believe should n't be on Street View can use the " report inappropriate image " link .
" After verification , the image will be removed or a clearly identifiable face will be blurred , " the spokesperson said .
" If found to be inappropriate or sensitive , the image will be removed permanently .
We act quickly to review and act upon imagery that users have requested to be blurred or taken down . "
Another spokesperson told The Press Democrat that company policy is " to not drive on private land . "
Google apparently tries to hire local drivers who will know their territory and have a better chance of knowing what areas and roads are off limits to the public .
One anonymous Street View driver , however , told the paper that he was simply told to " drive around " and collect images .
Some people wish Google Street View would not capture certain scenes
Google also claims that " turning around in a private driveway while photographing the exterior of a home is not a substantial intrusion . "
In defending itself against the aforementioned Pittsburgh couple 's lawsuit , the company has argued that " complete privacy does not exist . "
At various times , the company has stated that the existence of things like satellite photography means that Street View photography is just icing on the cake .
Plus , UPS drivers and strangers needing to turn around are allowed to pull into people 's driveways ; why not Google ?
Google has seen unbridled success throughout the construction of its empire on the Web , largely because of the Web 's fundamental nature .
It 's a public forum on which individuals and businesses willingly place websites , and search engines like Google are the gatekeepers for finding those sites .
Sometimes , a site owner does n't want their creation to be indexed by Google , and there are very simple tools for turning away its indexing bots .
Now site owners may still invite whomever they choose to visit the site and grant authorized access through various methods .
But when these tools are put in place , Google does n't crawl the site , and its owner can sleep a little better knowing that Google respected their digital privacy .
In the real world , things like private roads and trespassing signs serve the same purpose as the tools Google provides for turning away its indexing robots ; they are opt - out mechanisms from an earlier age .
Forcing people to build a private road , erect a sign , and then still use some online tools to have the pictures pulled ( after already being available to the world ) seems unduly burdensome on a common - sense level , and it has little to do with whether a stranger pulls into your driveway simply in order to turn around .
What the courts will conclude , however , remains in doubt .
A Google spokesperson reiterated for Ars the search giant 's position that the Pittsburgh couple 's lawsuit is " without merit " and called the couple 's decision to head to court " unfortunate . "
As more of these Street View complaints bring Google 's practices into the spotlight , it 's becoming clear that people will cling tenaciously to their privacy , whether or not Google believes it to be an illusion .
Further Reading
( PhysOrg.com ) --
The systematics of celestial bodies apparently needs to be revised .
Researchers at the Argelander Institute of Astronomy of the University of Bonn have discovered that brown dwarfs need to be treated as a separate class in addition to stars and planets .
To date they had been merely regarded as stars which were below normal size .
However , they may well be stellar ‘ miscarriages ’ .
The astronomers are publishing their results in the journal Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society .
Brown dwarfs ( or BDs ) are what scientists call objects which populate the galaxies apart from the stars .
Unlike the latter , they cannot develop high - yield hydrogen fusion as in the interior of our sun due to their low mass ( less than about 8 % of the sun ’s mass ) .
But in addition to this brown dwarfs and stars also seem to be different in their ‘ mating behaviour ’ .
Stars often occur in pairs , which dance around each other .
The intimacy which this dance involves , however , varies a great deal : sometimes the gap is smaller than one radius of the Earth ’s orbit ( also known as Astronomical Unit or AU ) .
However , the two partners can also keep apart by as much as many thousands of AUs .
‘ Things are different with brown dwarfs , ’ astrophysicist Ingo Thies of the Bonn Argelander Institute of Astronomy explains .
‘ The orbital radiuses of BD pairs are cut off above about 15 AUs ; BD pairs with greater distances are the exception . ’
What is more , there are hardly any mixed pairs consisting of suns and brown dwarfs – far fewer than expected .
This phenomenon is also known as brown dwarf desert .
‘ According to the classical model there ought not to be these differences , ’ Professor Pavel Kroupa of the Argelander Institute explains .
‘ According to this both brown dwarfs and stars ought to emerge from interstellar clouds of gas which become concentrated because of the attraction of their mass .
But if this was the case , these celestial bodies should behave in similar ways . ’
Despite this contradiction the astronomic community has previously stuck to the theory of a joint origin .
However , Ingo Thies and Pavel Kroupa have now shown empirically for the first time that brown dwarfs must be seen as a class of objects which is separate from the stars .
‘ For this we analysed the masses of newly born stars , ’ Ingo Thies explains .
‘ This revealed a jump in the distribution of mass which makes the division in the stellar population apparent . ’
Death of an embryonic star
But how are brown dwarfs born ?
As long ago as 2001 the Danish researcher Bo Reipurth , Britain ’s Cathie Clarke and the Spanish astronomer Eduardo Delgado - Donate had the idea that brown dwarfs could be interpreted as stellar ‘ miscarriages ’ : a system consisting of three embryonic stars disintegrates due to the mutual attraction of masses , and the lightest object is catapulted out of the system .
The physical mechanism itself has long been known : even the US light space probes Pioneer and Voyager were hurled off onto their voyage of no return by the planet ’s gravity .
Another possibility would be that brown dwarfs form in the outermost regions of emergent stars and become separated from them .
This can , for example , occur as the result of a close encounter with a third star .
Since almost all stars are born in star clusters , such encounters are not unusual .
It is also possible that both scenarios of cosmic miscarriages take place .
Both theories predict that brown dwarfs can only emerge at the birth of stars – similar to the situation with planets , incidentally .
Thus there are presumably three quite different celestial bodies : planets , brown dwarfs and stars .
A preview can be seen at arxiv.org / abs/0808.2644
Source : Argelander Institute of Astronomy
Explore further Citizen scientists discover dozens of brown dwarfs
Cebas announces the availability of finalRender Free ~ new free tier version of finalRen ...
Read more
NEW YORK -- Media , technology and networking giants are teaming up to tackle what they call key problems with digital content distribution .
Calling themselves Arts +Labs , the coalition counts major stakeholders in content distribution and creation -- including Viacom , NBC Universal and the Songwriters Guild of America ( SGA ) -- as well as networking titans AT&T and Cisco , and Microsoft , as members .
The co-chairs are also noted political advisors with Republican and Democratic experience .
Together , the members hope their collective heft can help tackle obstacles in the way of legal downloads -- namely rampant online piracy .
Mike McCurry , the former White House press secretary to President Bill Clinton and co-chair of Arts + Labs , said the group is addressing the challenges of getting content to consumers .
Other goals include promoting and ensuring the availability of legally downloadable content and ensuring that high - speed networks are capable of supporting businesses selling and distributing that content .
For Arts + Labs ' other co-chair Mark McKinnon , who has worked with the presidential campaigns of President George W. Bush and John McCain , a big part of the problem is that consumers just do n't know how to find legal downloads , and turn to illegal sources -- like peer - to - peer ( P2P ) networks -- as an alternative .
A lot of consumers just do n't know how to get legal content , McKinnon asserted .
So the Arts + Labs group aims to operate " with mutual respect for consumers and artists ' rights .
That goes hand - in - hand in making sure that content creators are compensated properly . "
McCurry also said the group wants to encourage new business models around legal downloads , and cited NBC's Hulu Web television service , Amazon 's download unit and DVD rental service NetFlix 's streaming content features as examples of successful , legal content distribution channels .
He and McKinnon also praised the efforts of Pandora 's streaming audio and music recommendation service , which , in a bit of irony , is near financial collapse due to recently imposed industry royalties it must pay for the content it promotes .
Arts +Labs was light on how it plans to address these issues .
Representatives today said their current concern is recruiting new members among both content and technology companies , and encouraging discussions about the need for industry - wide improvements to curb illegal downloads .
At the same time , the group has a sizable degree of lobbying credibility to bring to the table .
In addition to his work as press secretary to former President Clinton , McCurry was until last week chairman of Hands Off the Internet -- an industry group that 's against Net neutrality legislation .
McKinnon is McCurry 's Republican counterpart , thanks to his work as chief media advisor to the campaigns of President Bush and Sen. John McCain .
He and McCurry were joined at the press conference by two of Arts + Labs ' advisory board members : SGA President Rick Carnes and intellectual property lawyer Chuck Sims , from the law firm of Proskauer Rose .
Arts +Labs ' founding co-chairs and advisory board members .
From left , Proskauer Rose attorney Chuck Sims , SGA President Rick Carnes and group co-chairs Mark McKinnon and Mike McCurry .
Photo : Chris Saunders
Carnes brings additional lobbying experience to the cause .
He went to bat on behalf of the music industry before Congress on a number of occasions .
For instance , he lobbied Congress in support of the landmark Audio Home Recording Act of 1992 -- a major win for the recording industry that gave it copy protections and royalties on devices and media , in response to concerns about copyright abuse in consumer digital taping .
A new alliance in the war over Net neutrality ?
One of the group 's key focuses is ensuring that network operators are given the flexibility to manage their networks -- a long - used phrase that in recent months has been interpreted by ISPs like Comcast as license to throttle bandwidth for heavy peer - to - peer users .
Comcast 's efforts came under fire from the Federal Communications Commission .
Now Comcast is recasting its forcing the nation 's argest cable ISP to rethink its stance on throttling back some users .
While the debate over Comcast 's rights to manage its networks rages in Washington -- along with discussions about the larger implications for the Net neutrality movement , which seeks to ensure networks must treat all traffic equally -- Arts + Labs is looking to steer clear of the debate .
" We have not taken a position [ on Net neutrality ] .
We think that debate is now parked with the FCC , " McCurry said .
Still , he added , " networks need to be ' smart , ' " or managed in a way that takes anticipates networks ' needs .
McKinnon further spelled out Arts + Labs ' view on dealing with the prickly issues of network management .
While the group is in favor of " whatever we can do that 's legal and appropriate to allow networks to manage their pipes , " he added that for the moment , Arts + Labs is mainly concerned with simply getting content and technology stakeholders talking .
" We 're just trying to get these people in the room together to agree on some rules . "
At work the functional test suite of our application used up quite a lot of RAM ( over 500 megs ) .
For a long time it was cheaper to buy the developers an extra gig of RAM than to spend time hunting down a possible memory leak , but finally curiosity overcame me and I started investigating .
Warning : long post ahead .
With pictures .
Running a subset of the tests in a loop quickly proved that the memory leak is real :
The graph was produced by instrumenting the test runner to record the timestamp , memory usage ( VmSize from / proc / $ pid/ status ) and the number of objects being tracked by the garbage collector ( len(gc.get_objects ( ) ) in a CSV file , and then writing a simple Python program to plot it with matplotlib .
I love matplotlib for the ease of use , even though sometimes I wish the docs were a bit nicer .
But wait ! , I hear you say , Python is a garbage - collected language !
How can it leak memory ?
I 'm glad you asked .
The trouble is that sometimes an object created by the test is referenced from a global variable , and that keeps it from being collected .
The tricky thing is to find where that reference comes from , and what is the object being referenced .
There are 800 thousand live objects , how do you find the offending ones ?
It took quite a while to think of a solution .
Finally my coworker Ignas suggested drawing object graphs with graphviz , and I developed a module with a few convenient helper functions .
I put a breakpoint at the very end of the app and started looking around .
Here 's the number of in - memory object databases :
( Pdb ) checks .
count ( ' DB ' ) 6
There should n't be any , or there should be at most one ( a global in - memory RAM database used for tracking browser sessions or something like that ) !
Let 's see what objects are pointing to the last one , limiting the referencing chains to 15 objects :
( Pdb ) checks .
show_backrefs ( checks . by_type ( ' DB ' ) [ - 1 ])
Graph written to objects .dot ( 185 nodes )
Image generated as objects.png
The image produces is nice , but large ( 9760 x 8008 pixels ) , so I 'm not going to show it here in full .
Here 's a shrunken version :
By the way , GIMP eats up a gig of RAM with it open .
If you could zoom in and pan around , and if you knew the colour code , you 'd immediatelly notice the green box indicating a module in the top - right corner :
Let me show you just the reference chain :
( Pdb ) import inspect ( Pdb ) chain = checks .
find_backref_chain ( checks . by_type ( ' DB ' ) [- 1 ] , inspect .
ismodule ) ( Pdb ) in_chain = lambda x , ids = set ( map ( id , chain ) ) : id ( x ) in ids ( Pdb ) checks .
show_backrefs ( chain [- 1 ] , len ( chain ) , filter = in_chain )
Graph written to objects .
dot ( 15 nodes )
Image generated as objects.
png
To get rid of this leak I had to clear zope.app.error.error._temp_logs in the test tear - down by calling zope.app.error.error._clear ( ) :
I attribute the slight memory increase on the second repetition to memory fragmentation : new objects are allocated , old objects are freed , the total number of objects stays the same , but now there are some gaps in the memory arena .
This effect disappears on the third and later repetitions , so I 'm not worrying .
There were a couple of other , smaller memory leaks elsewhere .
At the end of the day the full test suite fit in under 200 megs of RAM .
Do n't let anyone tell you that graph theory is useless in the real world .
Also , Python 's garbage collector 's introspection powers are awesome !
Update : see the annotated source code for the ' checks ' module .
Update 2 : the ' checks ' module was open - sourced as objgraph .
* Photo : Todd Tankersley * __Thinking about launching __your own blog ?
Here 's some friendly advice : Don't .
And if you 've already got one , pull the plug .
Writing a weblog today is n't the bright idea it was four years ago .
The blogosphere , once a freshwater oasis of folksy self - expression and clever thought , has been flooded by a tsunami of paid bilge .
Cut -rate journalists and underground marketing campaigns now drown out the authentic voices of amateur wordsmiths .
It 's almost impossible to get noticed , except by hecklers .
And why bother ?
The time it takes to craft sharp , witty blog prose is better spent expressing yourself on Flickr , Facebook , or Twitter .
If you quit now , you 're in good company .
Notorious chatterbox Jason Calacanis made millions from his Weblogs network .
But he flat - out retired his own blog in July .
" Blogging is simply too big , too impersonal , and lacks the intimacy that drew me to it , " he wrote in his final post .
Impersonal is correct : Scroll down Technorati's list of the top 100 blogs and you 'll find personal sites have been shoved aside by professional ones .
Most are essentially online magazines : The Huffington Post .
Engadget .
TreeHugger .
A stand - alone commentator can't keep up with a team of pro writers cranking out up to 30 posts a day .
When blogging was young , enthusiasts rode high , with posts quickly skyrocketing to the top of Google 's search results for any given topic , fueled by generous links from fellow bloggers .
In 2002 , a search for " Mark " ranked Web developer Mark Pilgrim above author Mark Twain .
That phenomenon was part of what made blogging so exciting .
No more .
Today , a search for , say , Barack Obama 's latest speech will deliver a Wikipedia page , a Fox News article , and a few entries from professionally run sites like Politico.com .
The odds of your clever entry appearing high on the list ?
Basically zero .
That said , your blog will still draw the Net 's lowest form of life :
The insult commenter .
Pour your heart out in a post , and some anonymous troll named r0rschach or foohack is sure to scribble beneath it , " Lame .
Why do n't you just suck McCain 's ass . "
That 's why Calacanis has retreated to a private mailing list .
He can talk to his fans directly , without having to suffer idiotic retorts from anonymous Jason - haters .
Further , text - based Web sites are n't where the buzz is anymore .
The reason blogs took off is that they made publishing easy for non-techies .
Part of that simplicity was a lack of support for pictures , audio , and videoclips .
At the time , multimedia content was too hard to upload , too unlikely to play back , and too hungry for bandwidth .
Social multimedia sites like YouTube , Flickr , and Facebook have since made publishing pics and video as easy as typing text .
Easier , if you consider the time most bloggers spend fretting over their words .
Take a clue from Robert Scoble , who made his name as Microsoft's " technical evangelist " blogger from 2003 to 2006 .
Today , he focuses on posting videos and Twitter updates .
" I keep my blog mostly for long - form writing , " he says .
Twitter — which limits each text - only post to 140 characters — is to 2008 what the blogosphere was to 2004 .
You 'll find Scoble , Calacanis , and most of their buddies from the golden age there .
They claim it 's because Twitter operates even faster than the blogosphere .
And Twitter posts can be searched instantly , without waiting for Google to index them .
As a writer , though , I 'm onto the system 's real appeal : brevity .
Bloggers today are expected to write clever , insightful , witty prose to compete with Huffington and The New York Times .
Twitter 's character limit puts everyone back on equal footing .
It lets amateurs quit agonizing over their writing and cut to the chase .
@ WiredReader : Kill yr blog .
2004 over .
Google wo n't find you .
Too much cruft from HuffPo , NYT .
Commenters are tards .
C u on Facebook ?
Paul Boutin ( paul@valleywag.com ) is a correspondent for the Silicon Valley gossip site Valleywag .
Start Next : CSI Kitchen Table — The Latest Home Test Kits iPhone Apps Could Be the New MySpace Page
Scott Brown on Facebook Friendonomics
Clive Thompson on How Twitter Creates a Social Sixth Sense
How to Turn Your Flickr Crush Into Real Romance
( PhysOrg.com ) --
After more than 20 years of research in the northern hardwood forests of Michigan , scientists at Michigan Technological University 's School of Forest Resources and Environmental Science have reached a surprising conclusion : Moderate increases in temperature and nitrogen from atmospheric pollution actually improve forest productivity .
Andrew Burton , an associate professor at Michigan Tech and head of the National Institute for Climatic Change Research 's Midwestern Regional Center , is part of a team of researchers that has been monitoring and measuring the temperature , moisture levels and nitrogen deposited by acid rain or varying levels of experimental nitrogen at four forest sites ranging from northwestern to southern Michigan since 1987 .
He 's found that the trees grow faster at higher temperatures and store more carbon at greater concentrations of nitrogen , a chemical constituent of acid rain , providing there is sufficient moisture .
" It may well be that increasing temperature and nitrogen deposition are good things , up to a point , " Burton said .
The rise in temperature is extending the growing season , he explained .
So far , Burton and colleagues have measured 10 to 11 - day longer growing seasons .
“ Our growing season is n't that long in the first place , ” he pointed out , “ so 10 or 11 days is significant . ”
A longer growing season could benefit the timber industry , enabling them to harvest more wood .
Now that woody biomass is being investigated as an alternative energy source by Michigan Tech and others , increased forest productivity could become a critical factor .
The research , which started out as an acid rain study in 1987 , has grown into one of the longest continuous research studies supported by the National Science Foundation .
A new five - year grant of $ 151,628 will fund the research through 2012 .
“ It is really unusual to receive NSF funding for nearly 20 years , ” Burton remarked .
The latest grant will fund ongoing measurements tree growth and the the build - up of organic matter in the soil at the four sites : near Twin Lakes in the northwestern Upper Peninsula of Michigan , at Pellston , near Petoskey , Mich . , at Mesick , near Traverse City , and north of Grand Rapids near the Silver Lake Sand Dunes in southern Michigan .
Burton and his fellow researchers , Don Zak at the University of Michigan and Kurt Pregitzer at the University of Nevada - Reno , want to discover if the increased annual growth of the forests is offset by an increase in tree mortality .
They also will examine whether the woody debris on the forest floor will decompose more slowly as nitrogen levels are increased , further increasing the ecosystem ’s ability to store carbon .
Burton calls the new work “ a window into the future , ” an opportunity to see if there is a tipping point beyond which increased nitrogen harms rather than helps the forests .
Provided by Michigan Technological University
NEW YORK ( MarketWatch ) --
An industry clearing organization said late Tuesday that it was still awaiting final results from the settlement of Lehman Brothers ' credit - default swaps , a massive financial transfer that would add significant support to a recovery in the credit markets .
The Depository Trust & Clearing Corp. will issue a statement when the settlement is completed , according to spokeswoman Melanie Best .
She declined to comment on timing .
Payments under these derivatives contracts have to be made by the close of business Tuesday .
The International Swaps and Derivatives Association , the group that represents swaps dealers , issued a statement just before 6 p.m. Eastern noting the " success " of the Lehman settlement .
" Today 's settlement demonstrates that the industry infrastructure for [ credit - default swaps ] clearly works , " said Robert Pickel , chief executive of the ISDA .
The exchange between the buyers and sellers of credit - default swaps , a type of derivative contract that pays out when a company reneges on its debt , spooked markets Tuesday .
Some investors worriedsellers would be unable to come up with the cash to pay their counterparties , and these no -shows would usher in a new round of bank or fund failures .
This type of domino effect turned what started as a U.S. housing - market collapse into a global credit crisis .
" Settlement of Lehman 's CDS is what has the market on the nervous side , " said Peter Cardillo , chief market economist at Avalon Partners , said earlier Tuesday about the credit - default swaps .
The major U.S. stock indexes briefly scaled back declines late in the session after reports that counterparties had closed the swaps settlement without a hitch .
See Market Snapshot .
Global interest rates spiked and lending contracted after Lehman Brothers LEHMQ declared bankruptcy in mid-September , a failure that risked taking some of the firm 's numerous trading partners down with it .
The bankruptcy also triggered a relatively rare event in the $ 50 trillion market for credit - default swaps : the requirement that holders of protection on Lehman debt get paid by the sellers of these swaps .
An Oct. 10 auction determined terms of the payout .
Buyers of protection against a Lehman default were slated to receive 91.375 cents for every dollar of Lehman debt they held .
See full story .
The overall size of the payout was expected to be as much as $ 400 billion .
But if the counterparties ' offsetting trades are taken into account , the Depository Trust and Clearing Corp. has forecast that sellers of the protection may only have to cough up about $ 6 billion .
The credit - default swap settlement comes as stressed credit markets showed some early signs of recovery .
The cost of short - term borrowing continued its recent fall Tuesday .
The London interbank offered rate , or Libor , for three - month dollar loans fell to 3.83375 % from 4.05875 % the previous day .
The decline follows a sharp drop of about 35 basis points , or 0.35 of a percentage point , on Monday .
See Libor story .
Still , there are more companies at risk of default and more debt outstanding than in several years , and credit - default swaps may cause continued headaches for credit markets , said John Atkins , a fixed - income analyst at IDEAGlobal .
Going forward , " workouts can be much more convoluted , " he added .
" This does n't mean things ca n't go wrong . "
Advertisements
As if the Bush Administration was not already the worst Presidency in the history of the United States of America .
As if Dick Cheney did n’t already have a reputation for being a maniacal puppeteer .
Now , new statements by Jason Barnett , the former associate deputy administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency have revealed that Vice President Cheney ’s office sought to delete testimony by the CDC in congressional hearings last fall .
Cheney ’s people specifically asked for the removal of data in congressional testimony which proves the negative health consequences for human beings as a result of climate change .
At stake is pan-industry regulation by the EPA under the federal Clean Air Act .
And we know what that means , do n’t we ?
* gasp * Big businesses would have to make costly changes to ensure they are n’t spewing pollutants into the air and making innocent people sick !
Good thing they have the Vice President looking out for their interests .
If only we , the people , had the same benefit .
Obviously the Bush administration is claiming that the revisions ( a full 6 out of 14 pages deleted ) were “ routine ” .
I do n’t know if that is supposed to reassure voters , or warn us that the administration routinely tries to pull the wool over our eyes .
The World Health Organization states on their website :
If our understanding of broad relationships between climate and disease is realistic , then climate change may already be affecting human health .
They list several health issues tied to global warming , including :
increased allergen levels
increased transmission of infectious diseases
effects on food production
drought and famine
population displacement due to natural disasters , crop failure , water shortages
destruction of health infrastructure
conflict over natural resources
direct impacts of heat and cold ( morbidity )
So many people are “ waiting out ” the Bush administration , which thankfully , is quickly running out of time .
But I have a feeling that we ’ll be feeling the effects of the dishonesty , greed , and extortion of this administration for years to come .
Especially , it seems , when it comes to our environment .
Bush : McCain will win because of 9/11
ST .
PAUL , Minn . — President Bush plans to invoke “ the lessons of September 11 ” tonight as he tells the Republican National Convention and a nationwide television audience that he is optimistic that Sen. John McCain ( R - Ariz . ) will prevail in November .
“ We live in a dangerous world , ” Bush says in remarks prepared for delivery to delegates by satellite from the White House .
“ And we need a president who understands the lessons of September 11 , 2001 : that to protect America , we must stay on the offense , stop attacks before they happen , and not wait to be hit again .
The man we need is John McCain . ”
Advertisement
The White House released excerpts of remarks the president is to deliver between 9:30 and 10 p.m. Eastern time from the Cross Hall of the Executive Mansion .
Bush was originally scheduled to address the convention in person on Monday ; his remarks were switched to satellite delivery and delayed by a day because of Hurricane Gustav .
“ When the debates have ended and all the ads have run and it is time to vote , Americans will look closely at the judgment , the experience , and the policies of the candidates — and they will cast their ballots for the McCain - Palin ticket , ” Bush says .
Bush ’s remarks echo the “ Country First ” slogan the McCain campaign has festooned around the room : “ John McCain ’s life is a story of service above self .
John is an independent man who thinks for himself .
He ’s not afraid to tell you when he disagrees .
...
No matter what the issue , this man is honest and speaks straight from the heart . ”
Other excerpts :
On Hurricane Gustav :
We are thankful that the damage in New Orleans and across the Gulf Coast was less than many had feared .
I commend the governors of Alabama , Louisiana , Mississippi and Texas for their sure - handed response and seamless coordination with the federal government .
I thank all of the wonderful volunteers who stepped forward to help their brothers and sisters in need .
On McCain being prepared to make the hard decisions that fall solely to the president :
John McCain ’s life has prepared him to make those choices .
He is ready to lead this nation .
On McCain ’s courage and vision :
Last year , John McCain ’s independence and character helped change history .
The Democrats had taken control of Congress and were threatening to cut off funds for our troops .
In the face of calls for retreat , I ordered a surge of forces into Iraq .
Many in Congress said it had no chance of working .
Yet one senator above all had faith in our troops and the importance of their mission — and that was John McCain .
Some told him that his early and consistent call for more troops would put his presidential campaign at risk .
He told them he would rather lose an election than see his country lose a war .
That is the kind of courage and vision we need in our next commander - in - chief .
On Americans choosing the McCain - Palin ticket :
I am optimistic about our future , because I believe in the goodness and wisdom of the American people .
I am optimistic because I have faith in freedom ’s power to lift up all of God ’s children and lead this world to a future of peace .
As soon as we landed in the Seychelles , we saw displays of one of their national symbols : the unique Seychellois coconut : the " Cocofesse " or " Coco de Mer " .
First two pictures courtesy brlsi.org and wikipedia
For centuries these unique coconuts washed ashore on the beaches of India , Maldives and Sri Lanka .
The suggestive shape of the world 's largest plant seed - about 40 - 50 cm diameter , weighing up to 20 kg - made it famous , and they were sold the world over as a symbol of fertility .
They were often expensively decorated with gems , gold and silver becoming the prized possession of kings and rulers .
Originally , this coconut was thought to be the fruit of enormous trees that grew underwater in the great whirlpool of the oceans , and were therefor called " Sea Coconuts " - " Coco de mer " .
It was not until 1768 when the first actual Cocofesse plants were discovered on the Seychelles : A surveyor aboard the French vessel " Marion Dufresne " found the trees on the island of Praslin , and brought them back with him to Mauritius .
The Cocofesse has a male and a female plant .
They are the largest palm tree in the world : the male goes up to 30 m , and the female to 24 m high .
The male catkin - once again an erotic symbol - can be as thick as a person 's arm and grow 50 cm long .
The seed itself grows for 6 - 7 years in a husk , after which it falls on the ground where it lays dormant for about six months .
It takes one year after germination before the first leaf appears from the seed .
The young Coco de Mer palms can reach 14 meters and are nothing but massive leaves , as it takes about 15 years before the first signs of a trunk appears .
It takes 20 to 40 years before the plant is mature .
A tree can grow for 200 to 400 years .
The haven of the Coco de Mer palms is the Vallee de Mai on Praslin , a nature reserve and one of the smallest UNESCO World Heritage sites .
As the male palm is much taller than the female , it often seems like it protects its ' mate ' .
Locals legends say that when the moon is full , the male moves over to the female and they make love .
No-one has ever reported this first hand , as the story goes , if you witness it you are instantly turned into a black parrot .
More posts on the Road about the Seychelles
Not a conspiracy just an observation that she indeed was wearing an earpice and Biden was n't .
You may recall he would look down at his notes when speaking .
Palin would usually only look away from the camera when she was n't speaking .
The point of a debate is to know the answers , not have them the answers fed to you .
This was a debate , not a speech .
I do n't think teleprompters are used in a debate are they ?
It 's not a scripted interview .
Otherwise everyone would come across as brilliant .
I could hardly watch when she stumbled through the simple questions Couric asked her the other week .
You think a person who can't cite but one supreme court case or give the name of magazine she might read ; would provide some of the answers she provided last night ?
Additionally , she 's not up there to sing and stay on pitch .
No way that was a personal monitor for her to hear herself or the questions .
THE FACT REMAINS THAT YOU GUYS THAT DO SUPPORT HER CANDIDACY ADMIT SHE WAS WIRED AND WAS WEARING AN EARPIECE .
You just can't make this stuff up .
I really did n't think the Allen asshattery of this week 's " Americans are not addicted to oil .
Americans are addicted to freedom " comment could be topped , but this takes the cake .
Northern Virginia Republicans , realizing they need to improve their appeal among the region 's large ethnic population , will stage a " unity " rally Saturday that they say will draw 1,000 people .
Organizers said the annual rally , which has grown in recent years , is particularly significant this year because ethnic minorities represent an increasingly powerful voting bloc that will help decide which presidential candidate , Sen. Barack Obama or Sen. John McCain , wins the state Nov. 4 .
... Hyland said he expects as many as 1,000 supporters to turn out for the event at Edison High School , where former senator George Allen and Reps .
Tom Davis and Frank R. Wolf are expected to speak .
Former Virginia governor James S. Gilmore III is planning to attend , as is a widely known surrogate from McCain 's campaign , organizers said .
What makes science different from politics ?
That ’s not the start of a joke , but it is a good jumping off point for a discussion of the latest publication on paleo - reconstructions of the last couple of millennia .
As has been relatively widely reported , Mike Mann and colleagues ( including Ray Bradley and Malcolm Hughes ) have a new paper out in PNAS with an update of their previous work .
And this is where the question posed above comes in : the difference is that with time scientists can actually make progress on problems , they do n’t just get stuck in an endless back and forth of the same talking points .
We discussed what would be required in an update of these millennial reconstructions a few months back and the main principles remain true now .
You need proxies that are a ) well - dated , b ) have some fidelity to a climate variable of interest , c ) have been calibrated to those variable (s ) , d ) that are then composited together somehow , and e ) that the composite has been validated against the instrumental record .
The number of well - dated proxies used in the latest paper is significantly greater than what was available a decade ago : 1209 back to 1800 ; 460 back to 1600 ; 59 back to 1000 AD ; 36 back to 500 AD and 19 back to 1 BC ( all data and code is available here ) .
This is compared with 400 or so in MBH99 , of which only 14 went back to 1000 AD .
The increase in data availability is a pretty remarkable testament to the increased attention that the paleo - community has started to pay to the recent past – in part , no doubt , because of the higher profile this kind of reconstruction has achieved .
The individual data - gatherers involved should be applauded by all .
The increase in proxy records allows a whole bunch of new things to be done .
First off , the importance of tree rings can be tested more robustly .
With the original MBH98 proxies , there was only enough other data to go back to 1760 if you left out the tree rings .
The match was pretty good over multi-decadal periods , but the interannual variability was much larger without tree - rings .
Now though , the Northern hemisphere land temperature reconstructions without tree rings can go back to 1500 AD or 1000 AD depending on which of two methodologies are used .
For the NH land and ocean target , it ’s even possible to get a coherent non-tree ring reconstruction back to 700 AD !
As before , there are some differences ( notably in the 17th Century where the tree rings indicate colder temperatures ) , but the recent warming is anomalous regardless .
Secondly , you can screen records and pick targets more finely : do you want only records that match local temperatures ?
Done .
You want to get a handle on global and southern hemisphere means as well as the northern hemisphere ?
Done .
Other screens could easily be implemented .
The two methodologies used themselves span the range of different approaches that people have used .
‘ Composite and scale ’ ( CPS ) is perhaps the simplest method – it is basically an average of all the temperature proxies scaled to the target time series .
The other method is denoted ‘ Error in variables ’ ( EIV ) in this paper , but is really a simplified application of the RegEM climate field reconstruction method used in a couple of more recent papers .
It is essentially a fancy multiple regression to the target time series that can incorporate non-local proxies as well .
The point of using two methods is to demonstrate what is , and what is not , robust , and to give an idea of what the structural uncertainty in these estimates is – something not easily calculated using standard statistics .
That uncertainty is clearly larger as you go back in time , and larger still for the southern hemisphere .
Other improvements over previous work are that more proxy data sets go past 1980 , and so calibration up to 1995 is possible .
That allows more of the recent trends to feed into the calibration and highlights the so - called divergence problem in some ( but not all ) recent tree - ring records .
That divergence is significantly lessened without tree - rings or using the EIV method .
Figure : Spaghetti plot of the new reconstructions over a ) 1800 and b ) 1000 years
along with selected older ones for comparison .
So what does it all mean ?
First off , this paper ( like MBH98 before it ) is not an attribution study .
That means that the reasons for any of the ups - and - downs in the records are not demonstrated by these papers alone .
Attribution of the recent trends ( as discussed in IPCC AR4 ) to anthropogenic effects has mostly focussed on the last 150 years and did not use any paleo - data .
Nonetheless , there have been a couple of key studies that have used this kind of data along with simple energy balance models ( Crowley , 2000 ; Hegerl et al , 2006 for instance ) and it will be interesting to see if this new reconstruction will make any difference to their conclusions .
Secondly , in comparison with previous reconstructions , the current analysis does not provide many surprises .
Medieval times are warmer than the Little Ice Age as before , and a little warmer using the EIV method than was the case in MBH99 .
The differences in the 11th Century are on the order of a couple of tenths of a degree – well within the published error bars in IPCC TAR though .
Interestingly , there are quite rapid and strong drops in temperature near 1100 AD and around 1350 AD which may make interesting case studies for attribution to solar or volcanic forcings in future .
Overall , there are a few more wiggles than before , but basically nothing much has changed .
( Though one should always be aware of the maxim that one person ’s noise is another person ’s signal ) .
Finally , while the headline numbers ‘ likely warmest since XXXX ’ are of some contextual value , they are n’t the real point of this kind of study .
Most of the interesting work – looking for patterns associated with solar forcing say – will start when the spatial patterns of temperature change start to be discerned – and that is still a work in progress .
So , onto the inevitable discussion !
One test of whether that discussion is more political than scientific will be the extent to which people acknowledge the progress that has been made .
Repetitions of tired and oft - debunked one - liners will be telling !
Link of the day - How PickyDomains.com Changed The Domain Game For Good
The number of parents , siblings and other relatives who live with adult heads of households grew 42 % from 2000 to 2007 , according to data released Tuesday by the U.S. Census Bureau .
Leading the way : parents , up 67 % , to 3.6 million .
The figures suggest it is n't only elderly parents moving in .
The number of parents under 65 in these households increased by 75 % , and those 65 and older were up 62 % .
Both groups outpaced the increase in the number of people in family households overall , which is up 6 % since 2000 .
" This is just a major trend , " says Stephanie Coontz , a family history professor at Evergreen State College in Olympia , Wash . , who directs research at the Council on Contemporary Families .
Coontz suspects that a host of factors — among them higher housing costs and the nation 's struggling economy — are prompting families to combine expenses .
Also , intergenerational households are more common among the country 's growing number of immigrants , she says .
But Coontz also notes that parent - child relationships are closer now than in the past .
The downside , she says , is the emergence of the so - called helicopter parent who may hover too closely , but the upside is a tighter bond between generations and , in many cases , closer friendships between grown children and their parents .
" I do n't know how many of my students have told me , ' This may sound weird , but I talk to my parents more than I talk to my friends . ' "
The average size of both families and households grew from 2000 to 2007 , the data show , after shrinking slightly in the 1990s .
The average family in 2007 had 3.2 people , up from 3.14 in 2000 .
The average household , which includes those in which someone lives alone , had 2.61 people in 2007 , up from 2.59 in 2000 .
Among other factors changing households :
• A 40 % increase in the number of other live - in relatives , including the head of household 's mother - in - law or father - in - law , to 6.8 million .
• A 24 % increase in the number of live - in brothers and sisters , to 3.5 million in 2007 .
• An 8 % increase in non-relatives , including unmarried partners and roommates , to 6.2 million .
• Alaska had the highest percentage change in parents living with householders , up 167 % .
South Dakota had the lowest , still up 7 % .
The Census Bureau 's annual American Community Survey collects data from about 3 million U.S. households each year .
[ Via - USAToday .
Com ]
The shadow banking system is unravelling
Virginia town tries to prove existence of ' ghost cats '
Scientists to use satellites to count kangaroo rats
10 Books You Have To Read If You Believe Humans Are Rational
Toilet Paper Science
While you 're cursing the slow boot times of your modern PC or wondering why you can't have 50 applications open at once without the system taking a hit , cast your mind back to the operating systems of old .
Here are five operating systems we fondly remember .
Actually , that 's a lie .
One of them had us pointing with derision when we first saw it , and even the rose tinted spectacles of nostalgia can't wipe that memory .
OS /2 ( 1987 )
Can there ever have been a more ignominious fall from grace ?
OS / 2 was the love child of Microsoft and IBM , the two brightest stars in the PC pantheon .
It had a task switcher , a graphical interface , the HPFS filing system , and lots of other cool stuff .
And yet it was utterly destroyed in the market place by ugly , clunky , crashy Windows three point oh .
For the first time , we were forced to confront the appalling truth that marketing always trumps technology .
OS / 2 never quite died – Banco do Brasil had 10,000 machines running OS / 2 Warp in the 1990s – and technically you can still buy it .
But do n't .
NextStep ( 1989 )
When NeXT computers developed an operating system to run on their proprietary range of computers , the developers were sure that the most important factor for success was for it to contain lots of nerdy technology that would only ever appeal to other developers .
Accordingly , they based it on Unix with a PostScript graphics engine , an object - orientated application layer and built - in Objective - C runtime .
They accidentally also included some genuinely cool things , such as 3D widgets , and ironically , this meant that they eventually went on to sire Apple 's OS X .
No one knows how to capitalise this OS .
NextStep , NeXTstep and NeXTSTEP are all officially recognised .
RISC OS ( 1989 )
Developed by Acorn Computers for the Archimedes and Risc PC , the OS was stored in ROM so that it could boot in just a few seconds , yet was modular so that extra features could be patched in from disk .
It was the first major OS to use real - time font anti-aliasing and included a much better paint program than MS Paint and a better text editor than Notepad .
RISC OS was one of those quirky British things that are much too clever to ever do terribly well .
The Marmite OS .
BeOS ( 1995 )
It was supposed to be optimised for multimedia applications which was a bold claim from an OS that shipped with no native video drivers and no multimedia applications .
Or any software at all , really .
BeOS was also completely unthemable .
If you do n't like yellow tabs at the top of your windows , you are probably running the wrong OS .
Microsoft Bob ( 1995 )
We 've all had this idea at some point .
Why not use the rooms in the house as a visual metaphor for the functions of the operating system ?
So instead of clicking on a calendar icon to open the calendar , you click a picture of an actual calendar on the wall .
Genius !
To open the clock , you could click on the clock and to open the web browser you could er , click on the picture of a computer .
Or something .
Bob " technology " lives on in the form of all those annoying helper avatars in Windows and Office but it remains to this day the only Microsoft product that Steve Ballmer has publicly admitted was rubbish .
“ The foolish man seeks happiness in the distance ; the wise grows it under his feet . ” – James Openheim
Advice on how to be happy used to be the purview of self - help gurus .
However , over the past few years scientists and psychologists have begun to give serious study to the subject of happiness .
Although they ’ve discovered that about 50 % of happiness is determined by a person ’s genes , and another 8 to 10 % by life ’s circumstances–such as income , health , and marital status– , the remaining 40 % is up for grabs .
In addition , scientists have found several ways to create true happiness , six of which are explained below .
1. Find Meaning
The concept “ eudaimonia ” is a key term in ancient Greek moral philosophy which means striving toward excellence based on one ’s unique talents and potential .
Dr. Martin Seligman , founder of “ Positive Psychology ” — a new branch of psychology that studies what makes people feel fulfilled , engaged , and happy — argues that in order to create lasting happiness we should figure out our strengths and find ways to direct them toward achieving meaningful goals .
In addition , Richard J. Davidson of the University of Wisconsin - Madison indicates that the positive emotions that accompany thoughts of having purpose in our lives is one of the most enduring components of well - being .
2. Increase Daily Pleasures
Adopt the belief that your happiness is something that you can design and have control over .
One of the tools being used by proponents of “ Positive Psychology ” to measure happiness is the Day - Reconstruction Method .
This method instructs participants to fill out a long diary and questionnaire detailing everything they do on a particular day .
The next day , consulting the diary , they relive each activity and rate how they felt at the time .
By analyzing your life in this way you can make changes to tip joy in your favor .
David Schkade , a psychologist and professor of management at the University of California San Diego , explains that if you transfer even an hour of your day from an activity you dislike , such as commuting or doing housework , to an activity that you enjoy , such as taking a walk , spending time with friends , and so on , you should see a significant improvement in your overall level of happiness .
3. Seek Flow Experiences
“ Flow ” is a term coined by psychologist Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi to describe the state that is reached when you ’re so completely absorbed in what you ’re doing that you do n’t notice the passage of time .
That is , nothing else seems to matter : the person is totally unaware of their surroundings , and they ’re enjoying the task and having fun engaging in it .
This complete immersion in an experience can occur under many different scenarios , such as when you ’re singing in the church choir , dancing , playing bridge , reading a good book , writing , or while closing an important business deal .
The flow state can be achieved by knowing what your strengths are , re-crafting your life to use these strengths as much as you possibly can , and becoming fully engaged in what you ’re doing .
4. Cultivate a State of Mind Conducive to Happiness
Dr. Tal Ben-Shahar teaches a course at Harvard University on “ Positive Psychology ” which , at its height , was the university ’s most popular offering .
One of the tips he offers is to keep in mind that happiness is mostly dependent on our state of mind .
That is , barring extreme circumstances , our level of well - being is determined on what we focus on and on how we choose to interpret events .
In addition , Rick Foster and Greg Hicks , co-authors of the book “ How We Choose to Be Happy ” , found that happiness is not the result of economic or social circumstances , but , rather , how each one of us chooses to react to those circumstances .
Practices such as focusing on the bright - side , asking yourself “ what can I learn from this ? ” when something goes wrong , and noticing what ’s right , can all help in creating the frame of mind that is conducive to happiness .
5. Practice Acts of Kindness
Sonja Lyubomirsky , a social psychologist at the University of California , Riverside and author of “ The How of Happiness : A Scientific Approach to Getting the Life You Want ” , explains that being kind to others — whether friends or strangers — triggers a cascade of positive feelings : it makes you feel compassionate and capable and gives you a greater sense of connection with others , both of which are happiness boosters .
Furthermore , an experiment on more than 630 Americans carried out by a team at the University of British Columbia and Harvard Business School found that the test subjects were measurably happier when they spent money on others .
In fact , participants who were assigned to spend money on others experienced greater happiness than those assigned to spend money on themselves .
The study also suggests that minor alterations in spending allocations — even as little as $ 5.00 — may be enough to produce real gains in happiness on a given day .
6 . Stop thinking “ if only . . . ”
Thinking that your life would improve dramatically if you got the promotion , won the lottery , got married , and so on , creates dissatisfaction with the present moment and is erroneous thinking on two accounts : first , we tend to overestimate the impact of events in our lives , and second , happiness levels tend to level off due to “ hedonistic adaptation . ”
Dan Gilbert , author of “ Stumbling on Happiness ” , explains that people are very poor at predicting how happy they ’ll be under different circumstances .
For example , most people think that if they made more money they would be a lot happier .
However , while there is a big difference in the level of happiness between having no money and having your basic needs met , studies show that the increase in happiness between making $ 50,000.00 and $ 500,000.00 is not incredibly significant .
At some point , you just stop getting happier from money .
In addition , “ hedonic adaptation ” is the brain ’s natural dimming effect .
A new car wo n’t generate the same amount of pleasure a month after you ’ve bought it than it did when it was brand new .
You can become very happy when something novel occurs — such as starting a new relationship — but this feeling of happiness ebbs as you get used to the new situation .
Instead of focusing on what you do n’t have , try counting your blessings .
Conclusion
Pleasure is an important component of life , and decreasing the number of displeasing activities that you undertake , as well as increasing the activities that give you pleasure , will increase your happiness level .
However , pleasure does not in and of itself provide happiness .
By making your life more meaningful , becoming more engaged in what you do , giving and doing for others , counting your blessings , and focusing on what ’s good in a given situation , your life will become progressively happier .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Top Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives on Tuesday called for the appointment of a special counsel to investigate “ fraud and mismanagement ” at troubled mortgage giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
The headquarters of mortgage lender Freddie Mac is seen in Mclean , Virginia , near Washington , September 8 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Jason Reed
In a letter to Attorney General Michael Mukasey , they asked that such a probe examine the actions of a number of aides to former Democratic U.S. President Bill Clinton who later went to work for the two - government - sponsored enterprises .
House Minority Leader John Boehner and other House Republicans cited “ fraud and mismanagement at Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , ” along with missed opportunities to rein them in .
The Justice Department already is engaged in its own investigation and prosecutions related to the subprime mortgage crisis .
Justice Department spokesman Peter Carr said the agency will review the lawmakers ’ request .
He added , “ The FBI has acknowledged it is conducting a number of corporate fraud investigations ; however , we do not discuss which individuals or companies may or may not be the subject of an investigation . ”
The Republican request for a special investigator came just two weeks before the November 4 presidential and congressional elections .
Boehner said that Democrats , who control Congress , “ have refused to delve into these issues in a serious manner because they ’re afraid of political fallout . ”
House Financial Services Committee Chairman Barney Frank , a Massachusetts Democrat , fired back in a statement noting that Republicans controlled Congress from 1995 - 2006 “ and that is the period in which the absence of regulation , into which they want a criminal investigation , occurred . ”
Frank added , “ House Republicans appear to be demanding a criminal investigation of their failure to legislate . ”
He said that Democrats have been trying to advance reform Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac legislation .
October ’s Wall Street meltdown , which came in the wake of the government ’s seizure last month of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , has hurt traditionally anti-regulation Republican lawmakers .
With Republican poll numbers and stock prices falling , Democrats appear positioned to expand their majorities next month in the House and Senate .
Much of the Republicans ’ letter to Mukasey focuses on former aides to ex-President Bill Clinton , a Democrat .
They are Franklin Raines and Jamie Gorelick , who subsequently became Fannie Mae executives .
“ Because of the depth , sophistication and far - reaching impact of potential wrongdoing , we ask that you seriously consider the formation of an Enron - like task force or the appointment of a special counsel to spearhead the investigation , ” the Republican lawmakers wrote .
Earlier this year , Mukasey declined to establish a new task force to investigate mortgage fraud .
Thunderbird Nightly
Help us test the newest developments made to Thunderbird every day by using the unstable Nightly channel .
WARNING !
Nightly is an unstable testing and development platform , make sure you back up important data regularly !
Tom Sepa would rather not be called homeless .
" That word is loaded , " he said .
" I prefer ' urban outdoorsman . ' "
It is true that Sepa has a lot of things that are n't generally associated with the stereotypical San Francisco homeless person - like a full - time job .
A telemarketer , Sepa hits the phones at 7 a.m. , working out of Zephyr Cafe in the Richmond District .
He uses his laptop and a cell phone headset to make over 100 cold calls each morning .
Currently , he 's trying to get companies to take a meeting with a software firm he 's representing .
He gets paid via his PayPal account , and owns an iPod and a guitar .
When he says he is going to take you out to see " my version of a shopping cart , " he means a late model Chevy .
What he does n't have is four walls and a roof .
Instead , he 's been living in a tent deep on the back trails of Golden Gate Park for three months .
For all the offers cities like San Francisco make to serve the homeless , it does seem odd that an intelligent , rational soul like Sepa thinks his best option is a nylon camp tent .
As the economy tanks and jobs disappear , you have to wonder how many other people will opt for the woods .
And what we will decide to do with them .
Sepa insists there are more people like him than anyone realizes .
People with steady , but low - paying jobs , who hit a patch of bad luck - Sepa said his wife left and he could n't afford the rent where they were living - and find themselves running as fast as they can to stay in one place .
Although Tenderloin Housing Clinic Director Randy Shaw considers
Sepa 's case " extraordinarily atypical , because not many people have a laptop and are homeless , " he thinks the number of employed homeless people is higher than many would suspect .
" We know that for a fact , " Shaw said .
" In 1999 , when the Mission Rock Shelter closed , a comprehensive survey was done and a surprisingly high number , as high as 20 percent , were employed . "
Trent Rhorer , the director of the city 's Human Services agency and soon - to - be chief of staff for Mayor Gavin Newsom , agreed .
" Absolutely , there are cases where people are working and simply are not earning enough to live in a high - cost area like San Francisco , " he said .
" If you are not on a subsidy , it is very , very difficult to get housing on your own . "
Sepa , who said he 's rarely been out of work in the last 20 years , is the first to admit that he has other options .
But frankly , they do n't look very appealing to him .
Instead , he 's trying to live in the bushes , save some money , and put together a nest egg .
Life in a tent actually makes a kind of weird sense the more he explains it .
Consider the economics :
Because he declines to take any government or welfare checks , he subsists on what he makes from his job .
" Look , I make between $ 2,000 and $ 3,000 a month .
It costs between $ 1,600 and $ 1,800 for a motel ( at $ 50 - $ 60 a night for a cheap one in a suburb like Fremont ) .
You can do that , but you 're not saving anything to get out of this . "
Instead , Sepa checks into a motel once or twice a week and gets a shower .
Other nights he sleeps under the stars , and he said he deposits what he'd pay for a motel in a savings account .
He 's got a couple of thousand dollars now , and is hoping to get to 10 grand .
If you ask why he does n't stay in one of the city 's a residential apartments , Sepa directs your attention to his laptop to see a video .
It is a clip he shot of what happened when he was living in a residential hotel and heard someone banging on his door .
He opened it to find his neighbor so drunk he was unable to stand .
The neighbor was n't knocking , he was repeatedly staggering into Sepa 's door .
" Every time I try that , I end up between a crackhead and some drunk , " Sepa said .
" I 'd rather be in the park . "
But do n't the police conduct sweeps through the park to search for campers , particularly those with illegal camping equipment ?
" The whole thing is stealth , " Sepa said .
" I am in after dark and back out before dawn .
I do no drinking , make no noise , and always leave it cleaner than when I went in . "
He carefully scouts public bathrooms - " Starbucks are the best because you can go in there alone and lock the door , " he said .
He always buys a cup of coffee first , then makes sure to clean up the sink after wiping down with damp paper towels .
It is also worth noting that Sepa could n't have done this five years ago .
With his Wi -Fi card , cell phone , and PayPal account , he can conduct business , collect a paycheck and apply for his next job from a laptop in a tent in the park .
" This is the most liberating thing of the Internet , " he said .
" The birdcage is open . "
Perhaps his only concession to the traditional world is a postal box he keeps downtown .
What , I asked , does he use that for ?
" My Netflix movies , " Sepa said .
" Right now I have ' The Best of Abbott and Costello , ' and ' It Came From Outer Space . ' "
I am reading my slow , marvellous way through the Yule - Cordier edition of The Travels of Marco Polo , armed with Google Maps , Google Images , Wikipedia and the 1911 Encyclopedia Britannica .
It is stirring up an insatiable storm of Wanderlust , and so to expiate my guilt at not PhD-ing , I am sharing my vicarious armchair travelling .
Marker by annotated marker , I ’m filling in a map of Marco Polo ’s cities and travels —
( I am having truly debased amounts of fun hunting down sites , pictures and forgotten names of ancient cities .
And the Travels themselves are , of course , terrific reading .
The map will be updated as I read ) .
[ edit ]
You can keep up by subscribing to the map ’s RSS , which shows the associated photos in all their full - resolution glory .
NIAGARA FALLS , N.Y Sept. 16 , 2008  --
An angry Sen. John McCain indicated today that as president he would launch a 9/11 - commission style investigation into what he called " the old - boy network and Washington corruption " that created the current Wall Street crisis and has endangered peoples ' savings and retirement funds .
McCain and his White House rival Sen. Barack Obama traded furious accusations and charges Tuesday on the economy as both campaigns jostled for position on the unfolding financial meltdown .
The economy had already been established as the No. 1 issue for voters , but the bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers , the fire sale of Merrill Lynch , and the desperate efforts of American International Group to avoid collapse has rattled Main Street as well as Wall Street .
Watch Wednesday 's exclusive interview with Sen. John McCain and Cindy McCain aboard " Good Morning America 's " Whistle Stop Express starting at 7 a.m. ET
The future of AIG , the country 's largest insurance company , hung in the balance Tuesday .
Its stock dropped 61 percent since Monday and the federal government ruled out any taxpayer rescue .
McCain said Tuesday he agreed with the decision of the federal government to not intervene with AIG saying taxpayers should not be " on the hook " for AIG 's problems .
" We cannot have the taxpayers bail out AIG or anybody else .
This is something that we 're going to have to work through , " he said .
McCain 's stance on the economy has been under attack from Democrats since he released an ad Monday that said the economy was in crisis , but later gave a speech saying the " fundamentals of our economy are strong . "
He defended himself Tuesday and laced into a denunciation of corporate greed .
" I said the fundamental of our economy is the American worker .
I know that the American worker is the strongest , the best , and most productive and most innovative , " McCain , R - Ariz . , told ABC's Chris Cuomo on " Good Morning America " Tuesday .
" They 've been betrayed by a casino on Wall Street of greedy , corrupt excess -- corruption and excess that has damaged them and their futures , " he added .
McCain said he wants an inquiry into what led to the current mess , though he did not offer details .
" We 're going to need a ' 9/11 Commission ' to find out what happened and what needs to be fixed , " he said .
" I warned two years ago that this situation was deteriorating and unacceptable .
And the old - boy network and the corruption in Washington is directly involved , and one of the causes of this financial crisis that we 're in today .
And I know how to fix it , and I know how to get things done . "
" Americans are hurting right now , and there 's going to be a ripple effect of this financial crisis because of the greed and corruption and excess , and Wall Street treated the American economy like a casino , " he continued .
" And we can fix it , and we 've got to keep people in their homes . "
Democrats were not easing up on their assault on McCain 's statement that the " fundaments of our economy are strong . "
Obama released a new television ad that asks , " How can John McCain fix our economy if he does n't understand it 's broken ? "
And Obama , campaigning in Golden , Colo. , said McCain 's proposal for a 9/11 style commission to look into Wall Street 's fiscal follies was an attempt by the Republican to " pass the buck . "
" This is n't 9/11 , " Obama said .
" We know how we got into this mess .
What we need now is leadership that gets us out .
I 'll provide it .
John McCain won't . "
Obama 's running mate Sen. Joe Biden told CBS 's " The Early Show " the Republicans should n't be entrusted with the economy again .
" My lord , take a look at what -- who got us in this hole , whose policies , " Biden said .
" This has been a Republican philosophy of letting Wall Street do what they want and the middle class be damned . "
The McCain campaign also tried to laugh off a comment from their senior economic adviser Douglas Holtz - Eakin that McCain was instrumental in developing the Blackberry .
Holtz - Eakin pointed out that McCain , who is ridiculed in an Obama ad for being so unfamiliar with computers that he 's never sent an E- mail , is a member of the Senate Commerce Committee .
" He did this , " Holtz - Eakin said , holding up his BlackBerry .
" Telecommunications in the United States , the premiere innovation in the past 15 years , comes right through the Commerce Committee .
So you 're looking at the miracle that John McCain helped create .
And that 's what he did . "
McCain is said to have laughed at what his campaign insists was a joke , but the Obama campaign was laughing even harder .
Obama 's camp made parallels to former vice president Al Gore 's disastrous claim eight years ago that he had invented the Internet .
" If John McCain had n't said that ' the fundamentals of our economy are strong ' on the day of one of our nation 's worst financial crises , " Obama spokesman Bill Burton emailed reporters , " the claim that he invented the BlackBerry would have been the most preposterous thing said all week . "
Sen . Hillary Clinton warned on " GMA " that government rescues of big corporations like Bear Stearns , Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac may not be enough to stop the fiscal bleeding .
She repeated her proposal for a moratorium on home foreclosures and to freeze interest rates .
" If we do n't stabilize the home market , then as serious as these bailouts are , they are not going to solve the problem , " she said .
Our pal Douglas Rushkoff posted an insightful essay about the RNC speeches .
I felt a bit nauseous watching the Republican convention last night .
I 'm very much a give - the - benefit - of - the - doubt kind of guy , so I try to listen to the arguments people make even when they 're made in over - the - top or patronizing ways .
Sometimes it 's good to distinguish between the rhetorical devices and the underlying substance .
Even people who use manipulative language sometimes have an important point beneath their persuasion techniques ( ads against smoking , for example ) .
I usually do n't feel uneasy when I put those filters on , but last night – during the Guiliani speech – I realized I was no longer filtering a speechwriter 's intentional manipulation ; I was trying to look beyond real hate .
These folks were gritting their teeth , shaking their fists , and smiling the way gladiators do when going into combat against barbarians .
And this is the incumbent party .
The ones currently in power .
What is it they hate ?
Guiliani and Palin both made it pretty clear : community organizing .
Community organizing is energized from below .
From the periphery .
It is the direction and facilitation of mass energy towards productive and cooperative ends .
It is about replacing conflict with collaboration .
It is the opposite of war ; it is peace .
Last night , the Republican Convention made it clear they prefer war .
They see the world as a dangerous and terrible place .
Like the fascist leaders satirized in Starship Troopers , they say they believe it is better to be on the offensive , taking the war to the people who might wish us harm than playing defense .
It is better to be an international aggressor – a bulldog with lipstick – than led by the misguided notion that attacking people itself makes the world a more dangerous place .
In their attack on community organizing – a word combination they pretended they did n't know what it meant – Giuliani and Palin revealed their refusal to acknowledge the kinds of bottom - up processes through which our society was built , and through which local communities can begin to assert some authority over their schools , environments , and economies .
Without organized communities , you do n't get the reduction in centralized government the Republicans pretend to be arguing for .
In their view , community organizing as , at best , equivalent to disruptive and unpredictable Al Qaeda activity .
But it actually goes deeper than this .
Consider how Republicans have so far justified their choice of candidate : he is a " great man . "
That America needs a " hero " in the White House to lead us in continued preemptive strikes against Bin Laden in Iraq ( I know Bin Laden is not in Iraq , but Giuliani clearly implied he was ) .
Only a leader with McCain 's war record and paternal qualifications can help Americans muster and maintain the tenacity necessary to " drill baby drill , " ( even though this will have no influence on oil price or supply ) and generate the requisite hate to " kill baby , kill . "
As I explained in Coercion , having a parent figure on whom to transfer authority allows people to regress to a more childlike state .
This not only allows them to feel safe ; if gives them the freedom to express their rage .
Make no mistake – that 's what we 're witnessing .
And this rage – not America – is the greatest threat to humanity 's long - term chances for survival .
Republican party representatives are proud today that their convention has finally produced the " same level of energy and enthusiasm " as the DNC 's last week .
And while it may have produced the same level of excitement , the excitement was of a very different character .
It 's much easier to get people riled up but inviting them to hate a man – particularly one who they have n't been allowed to hate for traditional reasons .
Giuliani's job – much like his job as mayor of NYC – was to give the Republicans in attendance permission to hate Obama and the potentially intelligent society he represents .
It 's not about city vs. country or educated vs. military .
It 's about thought vs. violence .
In the black and white world of those committed to war as an international relations strategy , voting " present " makes no sense – especially when the Illinois legislative process is willfully misrepresented .
( Voting present is a way to preserve the bill without passing it in its current state .
Far from an easy out , it is the hard path – requiring further negotiation to remove earmarks and other problems . )
They would prefer the simple relief of a " yes or no " world , where the evil are punished and the good rewarded .
For in such a world , we get to know who the enemy is and just hate them .
I do n't believe hate is the best way to motivate people to develop long - term solutions to problems .
It is a tried and tested way to motivate them to short - term support of dangerous leaders .
That much is certain .
But if McCain and Palin are able to rouse the national hatred they will need to actually win this election , I fear they will have unleashed a force that they will be unable to control .
What a free country it is .
Well : you had an hour .
I will keep you posted .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
A Post By : Darren Rowse
How do you take Portraits that have the ‘ Wow ’ factor ?
Today and tomorrow I want to talk about taking Portraits that are a little out of the box .
You see it ’s all very well and good to have a portrait that follows all the rules – but it hit me as I was surfing on Flickr today that often the most striking portraits are those that break all the rules .
I want to look at some ways to break out of the mold and take striking portraits by breaking ( or at least bending ) the rules and adding a little randomness into your portrait photography .
I ’ll share ten of these tips today and a further ten tomorrow ( update : you can see the 2nd part here ) .
1. Alter Your Perspective
Most portraits are taken with the camera at ( or around ) the eye level of the subject .
While this is good common sense – completely changing the angle that you shoot from can give your portrait a real WOW factor .
Photo by striatic
Get up high and shoot down on your subject or get as close to the ground as you can and shoot up .
Either way you ’ll be seeing your subject from an angle that is bound to create interest .
Photo by TeeRish
2. Play with Eye Contact
It is amazing how much the direction of your subject ’s eyes can impact an image .
Most portraits have the subject looking down the lens – something that can create a real sense of connection between a subject and those viewing the image .
But there are a couple of other things to try :
A. Looking off camera – have your subject focus their attention on something unseen and outside the field of view of your camera .
This can create a feeling of candidness and also create a little intrigue and interest as the viewer of the shot wonders what they are looking at .
This intrigue is particularly drawn about when the subject is showing some kind of emotion ( ie ‘ what ’s making them laugh ? ’ or ‘ what is making them look surprised ? ’ ) .
Just be aware that when you have a subject looking out of frame that you can also draw the eye of the viewer of the shot to the edge of the image also – taking them away from the point of interest in your shot – the subject .
Photo by monicutza80
B. Looking within the frame – alternatively you could have your subject looking at something ( or someone ) within the frame .
A child looking at a ball , a woman looking at her new baby , a man looking hungrily at a big plate of pasta… .
When you give your subject something to look at that is inside the frame you create a second point of interest and a relationship between it and your primary subject .
It also helps create ‘ story ’ within the image .
Photo by paulbence
3. Break the Rules of Composition
There are a lot of ‘ rules ’ out there when it comes to composition and I ’ve always had a love hate relationship with them .
My theory is that while they are useful to know and employ that they are also useful to know so you can purposely break them – as this can lead to eye catching results .
The Rule of Thirds is one that can be effective to break – placing your subject either dead centre can sometimes create a powerful image – or even creative placement with your subject right on the edge of a shot can sometimes create interesting images .
Another ‘ rule ’ that we often talk about in portrait photography is to give your subject room to look into .
This can work really well – but again , sometimes rules are made to be broken .
Photo by Bukutgirl
4. Experiment with Lighting
Another element of randomness that you can introduce to your portraits is the way that you light them .
There are almost unlimited possibilities when it comes to using light in portraits .
Side - lighting can create mood , backlighting and silhouetting your subject to hide their features can be powerful .
Photo by Bukutgirl
Using techniques like slow synch flash can create an impressive wow factor .
Photo by diskomethod
5. Move Your Subject Out of their Comfort Zone
I was chatting with a photographer recently who told me about a corporate portrait shoot that he had done with a business man at his home .
They ’d taken a lot of head and shoulder shots , shots at his desk , shots in front of framed degrees and other ‘ corporate ’ type images .
They had all turned out fairly standard – but there was nothing that really stood out from the crowd .
The photographer and the subject agreed that there were plenty of useable shots but they wanted to create something ‘ special ’ and out of the box .
The photographer suggested they try some ‘ jumping ’ shots .
The subject was a little hesitant at first but stepped out into the uncomfortable zone and dressed in his suit and tie started jumping !
The shots were amazing , surprising and quite funny .
The shoot culminated with the subject jumping in his pool for one last image !
While this might all sound a little ‘ silly ’ the shots ended up being featured in a magazine spread about the subject .
It was the series of out of the box images that convinced the magazine he was someone that they ’d want to feature .
Image by TeeRish
6. Shoot Candidly
Sometimes posed shots can look somewhat …. posed .
Some people do n’t look good in a posed environment and so switching to a candid type approach can work .
Photograph your subject at work , with family or doing something that they love .
This will put them more at ease and you can end up getting some special shots with them reacting naturally to the situation that they are in .
You might even want to grab a longer zoom lens to take you out of their immediate zone and get really paparazzi with them .
I find that this can particularly work when photographing children .
Photo by phitar
7. Introduce a Prop
Add a prop of some kind into your shots and you create another point of interest that can enhance your shot .
Yes you might run the risk of taking too much focus away from your main subject but you could also really add a sense of story and place to the image that takes it in a new direction and gives the person you ’re photographing an extra layer of depth that they would n’t have had without the prop .
8. Focus Upon One Body Part – Get Close Up
Get a lens with a long focal length attached to your camera – or get right in close so that you can just photograph a part of your subject .
Photographing a person ’s hands , eyes , mouth or even just their lower body … can leave a lot to the imagination of the viewer of an image .
Sometimes it ’s what is left out of an image that says more than what is included .
Photo by Bukutgirl
9. Obscure Part of your Subject
A variation on the idea of zooming in on one part of the body is to obscure parts of your portrait subject ’s face or body .
You can do this with clothing , objects , their hands or just by framing part of them out of the image .
Doing this means that you leave a little to the imagination of the image ’s viewer but also focus their attention on parts of your subject that you want them to be focused upon .
Photo by BigBlonde
10 . Take a Series of Shots
Switch your camera into ‘ burst ’ or ‘ continuous shooting ’ mode and fire off more than one shot at a time .
In doing this you create a series of images that could be presented together instead of just one static image .
This technique can work very well when you ’re photographing children – or really any active subject that is changing their position or pose in quick succession .
Image by diyosa
10 More ways to Take Great Portraits – Continued Tomorrow
Tomorrow I will complete this mini-series of posts on portrait photography with 10 more techniques like the ones above .
Make sure you ’re subscribed to Digital Photography School to ensure you get the second half !
Update :
You can read the 2nd half of this series at 10 More Tips for Stunning Portrait Photography .
Also check out What the Mona Lisa Can Teach You About Taking Great Portraits for a portraits tutorial with a difference .
Also – do n’t forget the portrait section of our forum – an ideal place to discuss portrait photography and show off some of your work .
The father of today ’s child support public policy , his personal exploitation of the system , and the fallacy of his income shares model .
by James R. Johnston
© giuseppe porzani – Fotolia.com
All rights reserved .
Introduction
Part 1 presents an overview of Dr. Robert Williams influence over the development of the child support system across the United States , and his concurrent start up and operation of a company while a key consultant with the government working exclusively in the creation of public policy .
A chronology of activity during this time ( 1983 - 1990 ) is included .
Williams has been and continues to consult with several states regarding child support policy and enforcement .
( Robert Williams did not respond when asked to comment on this article . )
Part 2 focuses on the Income Shares model originated by Williams in the 1980s , and the underlying national economic data sources that he uses to feed it .
As of this writing at least 31 states use this model and the underlying economics .
Many of the presumptions used in states using other models come philosophically from the same thinking advocated by him .
This section will discuss the fundamental flaws of the model , as well as the failure of the underlying economics that ultimately led to support obligation numbers .
As you will see , Williams clearly drove the elements of today ’s child support system , concurrently creating a company that could exploit the very programs he was helping to establish .
The company , Policy Studies , Inc. of Denver , essentially brags about this in their company promotional material .
His model and the underlying economics fall far short in trying to result in equitable and reasonable child support for our nation ’s children .
Financial considerations are given total weight based on a flawed process , while emotional child support is ignored .
The latter is not a free good , and by ignoring the reality that there are two parents now in two households , our children suffer .
I want to thank Roger Gay and Greg Palumbo for their contributions and advice on the content of this paper .
* Jim Johnston is a joint custodial parent of two children in Wichita , Kansas .
He ’s the Chair of a local group called KIDSVIEW , working to maximize dual parent involvement in their children ’s lives outside the intact family .
They are working hard at changing legislation in Kansas regarding custody and support , and nationally by lobbying their Congressional delegation on the need for gender neutrality in legislation dealing with children .
Johnston was appointed by the Chief Justice of the Kansas Supreme Court to serve on the Child Support Guidelines Advisory Committee .
Biden aides say that his longtime view is that life begins at conception .
Biden challenges Palin to take questions
Joe Biden is accusing the McCain campaign of sequestering Sarah Palin , his counterpart on the Republican ticket , and challenged her Sunday to sit for network interviews .
“ She 's a smart , tough politician , ” Biden told Tom Brokaw in a “ Meet the Press ” interview live from Wilmington , Del .
“ So I think she 's going to be formidable .
Eventually , she 's going to have to sit in front of you like I 'm doing and have done .
Eventually , she 's going to have to answer questions and not be sequestered .
Eventually , she 's going to have to answer on the record . ”
Advertisement
The McCain campaign says Palin will eventually do interviews , but none are scheduled .
Biden , too , took a weekend off from the Sunday shows after he was named as running mate for Barack Obama , although Biden appeared on CBS ' " 60 Minutes . "
During the interview , Biden also repeated his previous view that “ life begins at the moment of conception , ” the same position as John McCain .
“ For me , as a Roman Catholic , I ’m prepared to accept the teachings of my church , ” Biden told Brokaw .
“ I ’m prepared , as a matter of faith , to accept that life begins at the moment of conception .
“ But that is my judgment .
For me to impose that judgment on everyone else , who is equally — and maybe even more — devout than I am , seems to me is inappropriate in a pluralistic society . ”
Aides said that is Biden ’s longtime position — the answer he always gives .
Brokaw asked Biden how he could have that view and also vote for abortion rights .
“ No … I have voted against curtailing the right — criminalizing abortion , ” Biden replied .
“ I have voted against telling everyone else in the country that they have to accept my religiously based view that it ’s a moment of conception . "
Biden also said :
• Iraq will only be stable under Obama , not under McCain .
Brokaw asked : “ Five years from now , do you think Iraq will have relative stability and democratic principles in the central government ? ”
Biden replied : “ If there is an Obama - Biden administration , yeah .
If there is a John McCain administration and Sarah Palin , I think it 's probably not going to happen .
Because John does not view this in terms of the region .
I never heard him speak about how he 's going to integrate Iraq into the region , where you have these competing interests that exist . ”
• McCain ’s claim to being a change agent is “ malarkey . ”
“ I heard Sarah Palin and John McCain talk about change , ” Biden said .
“ Tell me one single thing they ’re going to do — on the economy , foreign policy , taxes , that is going to be change .
Name me one !
This is such malarkey — 90 percent of the time , John votes with the president . ”
• Sen. Joseph I. Lieberman ( I - Conn. ) , a former Democratic ticketmate who is now a vocal McCain supporter , is going to have a tough choice about which party to caucus with in January .
“ Every time I see Joe these days , I walk up and I say , ‘ Say it ai n’t so , Joe — say it ai n’t so , ’ ” Biden said .
“ Look , Joe has made a judgment .
Joe is going to have to make a tougher judgment when this election is over . ”
In recent weeks Henry Paulson Jr. has become one of the most famous and , perhaps , consequential US Treasury secretaries since Alexander Hamilton assumed the office on Sept. 11 , 1789 .
Secretary Paulson is not the sole architect of the Bush administration 's bailout strategy for the US economy , of course .
By all accounts he is part of a troika of top policymakers with Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke and New York Fed Chief Timothy Geithner .
But as the public face and dealmaker of the plan , Paulson is the one most in the spotlight .
Moreover , bailout legislation submitted to Congress by the White House over the weekend would transform Paulson 's office into that of temporary overseer of America 's entire financial system .
This may not be the role that former Goldman Sachs head Paulson envisioned when he signed on as President Bush 's third Treasury chief .
" But he has to do this .
He has no choice , " says Peter Morici , a business professor at the University of Maryland and the former chief economist at the US International Trade Commission .
The proposed expanded powers for the Treasury secretary are one aspect of the Bush bailout plan that has drawn criticism from Democratic members of Congress .
Under the proposal , the United States Treasury would have the power to buy virtually any financial instrument from any institution , as a means to relieve it of bad assets and pump credit back into the economy .
New Treasury staff would help manage this program , although the administration foresees contracting with private firms to manage its new asset holdings .
Oversight of Treasury sought
For the most part lawmakers are n't grumbling about Paulson himself .
" We 've got the right man " to deal with the problem now , said Sen. Christopher Dodd ( D ) of Connecticut , chairman of the Senate Banking Committee , in a broadcast interview on Monday .
What lawmakers do want is more oversight of the program than the White House has outlined so far .
Many are troubled by wording in the proposal that appears to bar any review of Treasury 's bailout actions by the courts or other administrative agencies .
Rep. Barney Frank ( D ) of Massachusetts , chairman of the House Financial Services Committee , said Monday that he would propose an oversight board that would report to Congress at least monthly .
Democratic lawmakers would also like the bailout legislation to include more help for troubled homeowners and restrictions on pay for executives of companies that sell their firms ' bad debt to the government .
" The private sector got us into this mess .
The government has to get us out of it .
We want to do it carefully , " said Representative Frank in a broadcast interview .
In the postwar era , many Treasury secretaries were financial experts before assuming the job .
The Bush administration broke that mold somewhat by looking to industry for its first two Treasury chiefs , Paul O'Neill and John Snow .
Mr. O'Neill 's feuds with the administration over his opposition to tax cuts may have made the White House view Treasury with suspicion , says former Treasury economist Bruce Bartlett .
" The result was that the Treasury job got downgraded , " he says .
The primary role of the Treasury is financing the operations of the US government , and that is helped if the department head understands the key role confidence and capital flows play in financial markets , says Mr. Bartlett .
" Maybe if we had had a Treasury secretary with some clout [ prior to Paulson 's arrival ] ... we might have avoided some of these problems , " he says .
If nothing else , the current crisis may ensure that future presidents recruit their secretaries of the Treasury from Wall Street , or what remains of it , says Professor Morici .
After all , notable Treasury chiefs of the recent past include Robert Rubin , another former Goldman Sachs executive , who served during the Clinton administration .
A regularity to banking troubles
Today 's problems are impressive mostly for their scale , according to Morici .
Both the Great Depression and the savings and loan crisis of the 1980s required direct government intervention in private markets to prop up US finance .
" The fact of the matter is that about once a generation banks get us in trouble and we have to bring in a posse to straighten them out , " says Morici .
White House - Congress negotiations over bailout details were moving quickly at time of writing .
But it remained an open question whether lawmakers will move as fast as the White House wants .
" It 's important that we act quickly , but it 's more important that we act responsibly , " said Senator Dodd on Monday .
A draft bill from Dodd would add to the administration 's plan help for homeowners and limits on executive compensation .
It would also call for the government to get a stake in companies helped by the unprecedented rescue .
An emergency board of two appointees from the House and two from the Senate would watch over the Treasury 's bailout operations , under Dodd 's plan .
The whole program would last only a year , as opposed to the two years proposed by the administration .
First votes on the bailout could come as early as Sept. 24 .
Mr. Bush on Monday urged lawmakers to move as fast as possible .
" The whole world is watching " the plan 's progress , he said in a statement .
• Associated Press material was used in this story .
Talking about porn is like talking about money .
In America , it just is n't done .
So it 's a special day in life of every boy — and some girls ’— when one day a friend pulls you aside and asks : " have you heard of XTube ? "
Or YouPorn , YouPornGay , RedTube , Pornotube , Pornhub , Megarotic , Spankwire , TNAFlix , even DList , well , you get the idea .
What are these sites ?
If you do n't have friends like mine , then maybe you have n't heard of the newest wave in porn , or Porn 2.0 as it 's being called .
It 's YouTube but hardcore , Vimeo uncensored , and it 's become extraordinarily popular .
Some of the sites attract about as many monthly viewers as popular news sites like WashingtonPost.com , and by my count the top six sites get as many eyes as CNN.com ( 27 million ) , though far less than the smut - free YouTube ( 75 million ) .
That 's pretty impressive for a bunch of sites that have few outlets for advertising .
Most people find out about them during indecent conversations with friends or lovers , samizdat - style , the same way porn ’s been historically disseminated .
Do n't get me wrong , I have n't been living in a cave .
These sites are n't that new .
They started getting noticed in the second half of 2006 , according to Fleshbot , who 's been documenting the trend with diligence .
They grew quickly in 2007 .
Now in 2008 it seems like it's past the trend stage and become a staple of porn consumption .
XTube is , in my view , the best of the sites , even though it 's not the most popular .
It is the perfect synthesis of what the Internet means today : connecting with others , generating your own material and , in some cases , profiting off that material .
Of the top 25 XTube videos viewed recently , only three were clearly " industry " porn , the rest were uploaded by less ( financially ) endowed individuals .
The top five videos have gathered a collective 25 million views , and only one of those was professional .
Amateur porn has been around since the home video , but until now most of it has been confined to industrious entrepreneurs with lots of time to market and distribute .
Now distribution is easier , the audience bigger and more eager to watch .
Amateurs can actually sell their videos online for a few bucks on XTube .
Those homemade sex tapes have become a business venture .
That 's because today — correct me if I 'm wrong — people are yearning for authentic , sincere experiences .
XTube allows people to create profiles , make friends , comment on videos , and subscribe to channels just like YouTube .
And most comments are celebratory , a pat on the back for someone else 's good fuck .
Sure , production quality is n't always fantastic , and while some of the most popular videos on XTube will never win awards , they are visceral and raw ( yes , very often not " safe " in the traditional sense ) .
Some are sloppy — in real life things do n't always slip in as easily as with professionals !
Most of the sets are dull — no posh couches and fantastic lighting .
But you get the sense that the aches and groans are genuine , and that makes it hot .
Of course part of the appeal is that it 's fast .
Remember the days of getting porn off P2P networks like KaZaA ?
Waiting 30 minutes for a download could really kill a hankering .
No longer .
Porn 2.0 sites promise thrills in seconds .
One of the greatest pleasures , besides the obvious one , of these sites is the chance to encounter something new .
XTube has a fairly open door policy .
There are fat people , ethnic people , old people , fisters , gay people , bi people , ugly people , hot people , S&M people , self - suck fetishists , dildo - play lovers , etc. all one site .
Community sites like Ning , which hosts all sorts of communities have flourished by offering people with specific tastes a venue to share videos .
( A large part of Ning 's four million regular viewers partake in porn ) .
Porn on the web used to be quite segregated .
If you wanted interracial porn you went to this or that site , straight porn at this site , twinks at this site , silver daddies at another one .
But many of those sites dump short clips of their videos onto porn 2.0 portals like Redtube and YouPorn .
The industry does it for promotion , to drive subscriptions .
But for cheap people like myself , a 30 - second to one - minute clip is all that 's necessary !
You know what I 'm saying !
All these sites constitute a profound development in the history of film and porn .
Yes , porn is still , mostly , a solitary act , but these sites tell us that we all like sex — all sorts of us — and it 's all okay .
It connects us through intimate networks .
In the early 20th century , porn entrepreneurs would travel from town to town with a projector , round up interested men , and they would watch it together .
Things have come full circle , and we 're all watching each other get off .
It 's time to be honest about it .
For some , football number plates are a bit of fun , for others football team plates offer a status symbol representing a goal achieved or a level of success in life or in business .
Either way a personalised football plate or football team plate not only allows you to show the world your soccer allegiances but to also easily ( and not necessarily expensively ) become the envy of your football loving friends .
In addition to football plates making you stand out from the crowd they also make fabulous gifts .
Speedy Registrations have compiled a list of football teams below to help you make your number plates selection .
By clicking on a football team you will be taken straight to a selection of matching football number plates for that football term - A range of reg plates accessible and affordable to everyone , regardless of your budget
If you 're keen to wear your football colours on your sleeve ( well your personalised football plates in this case ) by saluting your favourite club , player or favourite football term then browse our huge range of top quality discounted football number plates .
We offer quality budget private plates through to premium 3 - letter dateless football plates .
In addition , we have also sourced cheap Irish number plates from only £ 40 as well as current personalised prefixes .
For over 30 years Speedy Registrations have been offering great deals on football number plates .
The quality of our prices is matched only by the quality of our professional customer care service .
Let us source you an incredible deal on your exclusive football plates - the reg plate to match and represent your footballing passion .
Get in there !
Please select one of the football plate related links below to check the availability of the football registration plate :
Premier League Number Plates
European Club Number Plates
We have similarly compiled lists of ' football plates ' and ' football player plates ' you may also wish to view .
Other Football Related Searches :
Football Plates
Football Player Plates
About Speedy Reg
We pride ourselves on our highly competitive prices , matched equally by our professional customer football service .
We have a large selection of private number plates ranging from our cheap dateless Northern Irish plates to personalised prefix and current style numbers and of course the classic dateless plates with two or three digits .
Please click on the link relating to what you are looking for and browse at your leisure .
If you cannot find the private plate you are looking for please call us on 02866 387124 and we will offer you a personal service using over 30 years of experience in the industry to find the private number plate suitable for you .
Congressman Dennis Kucinich laid out the case for impeachment at a meeting with the Progressive Democrats of America in Denver on Thursday , August 29 .
WASHINGTON , Sept. 3 ( UPI ) -- John McCain 's smoking history and age indicate Sarah Palin would have as high as a 40 percent chance of becoming U.S. president , a university professor says .
McCain , 72 , a former smoker poised to become the Republican presidential nominee , has about a 20 percent of dying in office and a higher rate of disability , John Banzhaf , George Washington University professor , said Wednesday in a release .
Advertisement
Palin , 44 , McCain 's running mate , is governor in Alaska .
McCain 's smoking history boosts his risk of dying from lung cancer by about 700 percent , and his risk of dying of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease also is greater , Banzhaf said .
His age increases his odds of becoming disabled from conditions such as a stroke or Alzheimer 's disease , which can impair judgment .
McCain has a 10 - year death rate of between 35 percent and 50 percent , the professor said .
Potential health risks facing Democratic nominee Barack Obama , 47 , are different , Banzhaf said .
Men who are age 45 and are former smokers have less than a 5 percent chance of dying within the next 10 years , Banzhaf said .
Even with an occasional lapse , Banzhaf said , Obama 's 10 - year death risk still is under 10 percent .
Obama 's running mate , Sen. Joe Biden , D - Del. , is 66 .
Abkhazia , Georgia , Kosovo , South Ossetia and something called international law
The diplomacy coming out of Washington these days , the more so under Secretary of State Rice and President Bush , appears to follow the norm that laws are made to be disregarded , disrespected , ignored , manipulated or simply broken , which is patently obvious through the sheer hypocrisy of Washington ’s position on the territorial integrity of Georgia .
Let us then examine this question from a legal perspective , which is supposed to be definitive and binding in civilised countries , in states of law which follow due process , presupposing that the USA wishes to include itself in this group of nations .
Abkhazia , Georgia , Kosovo , South Ossetia and something called international law
Beginning with Abkhazia and Georgia , Georgia was a signatory of the Constitution of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics and was bound under this Constitution to respect all its clauses .
One of these was the voluntary dissolution of the Union and the clause which states that minority groups ( South Ossetia and Abkhazia ) in other Republics ( Georgia ) had the statutory and constitutional right to a referendum to decide as to the degree of independence / autonomy / self - government that their people chose in a free and fair electoral process .
Georgia , as so often , broke the law by not holding these referenda , so just this fact makes a valid case for these two republics to decide for themselves whether they are a part of Georgia or not .
It is after all their right and Georgia was bound by it .
To compound the issue , Moscow spend 17 long years negotiating peace with Georgia stressing at all times the need to forge a solution which satisfied Tskhinval ( S. Ossetia ) , Sukhum ( Abkhazia ) and Tblissi .
Georgia responded at best with manipulation , insults and insolence and at worst , on more than one occasion , with violence , as we saw in the slaughter of 2.000 Russian civilians in Tskhinval on August 7/8 , a detail which the Bush / Rice / Cheney regime did not have the decency to refer to once and which the international media did its best to either ignore or worse still , manipulate the facts .
So on that fateful night , Georgia itself by its actions blew out the candles lighting any path towards its territorial integrity .
Saying to Ossetians and Abkhazes that they must live inside Georgia is paramount to telling Jews to voluntarily present themselves at the gates of a concentration camp in Nazi Europe and smilingly accept the precept that Arbeit macht frei .
There are reactions to every action and those who perpetrate acts of butchery must live with and face up to the consequences .
Here we introduce the second point of law , namely that Russia ’s actions , giving the peoples of Abkhazia and South Ossetia the chance to realise their right to self - determination , was fully compliant and totally right under the UN Charter and in accordance with the norms of international law .
So much for the case of the Caucasus .
To start with Georgia began from an untenable position due to the illegality of its acts and Abkhazia and South Ossetia were always due the right to decide on their status as to statehood .
The situation in Kosovo is completely different .
Kosovo is integral part of the territory of the Republic of Serbia , whose military activities in this province were a reply to the acts of terrorism perpetrated by the Kosovo Liberation Army ( Ushtria Clirimtare e Kosoves - Albanian ) , instigated and supported by the Albanian lobby in Washington .
The argument that Kosovo is more Albanian than Serbian does not hold any legal ground whatsoever , since it was originally Serbian and Albanian women only went there to breed , and try to change the population balance .
Does this then mean that in the USA , states where hispanics are more numerous than Anglo - Saxons should secede from the Union ?
Of course it does not .
The question of Kosovo follows all the norms of international law regarding inviolability of frontiers whereas Abkazia and South Ossetia do not .
They have the legal right to independence , Kosovo never has , does not and never will .
Therefore the states which recognised Kosovo were acting outside international law and the decision has as much jurisprudence as some lunatic saying he is King of Saturn , handing out certificates of land tenure in return for a fee .
Is this what international law has boiled down to during the Bush regime ?
And the sooner the West gives up its imperialistic pipe - dream of continuing to draw lines on maps and screw up entire regions of the world , the better .
As if they did n’t do enough damage already .
The bottom line is that in a civilised world , laws are made to be followed .
It is totally unacceptable that modern , civilised states base their diplomacy on illegality , boorishness , cajoling and bullying without one iota of legal fabric in their arguments .
It is absolutely essential that future generations read these lines and judge for themselves who was right and who was wrong at this fundamental moment in the determination of the future of Mankind .
May I also add that at this moment in time , I am proud , very proud , to be writing for a Russian newspaper .
Timothy BANCROFT -HINCHEY
PRAVDA .
Ru
Director and Chief Editor
Portuguese version
By Pen­ta­gon stan­dards , Russia ’s light­ning sum­mer con­flict with Geor­gia was n’t much of a war .
Russia ’s concern is that NATO is creating new dividing lines designed to isolate Russia from the European community .
Russians are afraid they ’ll wake up one morning and find themselves alone .
There was no forced ​ “ régime change ” and no ​“ shock and awe , ” mere­ly a swift , armored thrust by Russia ’s Vladikavkaz - based 58th army that dis­persed an ill - advised Geor­gian mil­i­tary assault on the Moscow - pro­tect­ed statelet of South Osse­tia .
And though the Russ­ian air force took undis­put­ed con­trol of the skies and tar­get­ed some aspects of Georgia ’s infra­struc­ture , there was no plan to sys­tem­at­i­cal­ly destroy it .
The whole thing end­ed with an inter­na­tion­al­ly bro­kered deal that secured the Russ­ian army ’s with­draw­al to its pre-war posi­tions and the inser­tion of Euro­pean mon­i­tors to guar­an­tee the peace .
But the Russ­ian military ’s first for­ay beyond its bor­ders since the Sovi­et Union col­lapsed in 1991 has trig­gered polit­i­cal shock waves beyond the region , and threat­ens to bring on a chill in East - West rela­tions to rival the worst days of the Cold War .
After almost two decades of retreat from the for­mer USSR ’s geopo­lit­i­cal posi­tions , a resur­gent , oil - rich Rus­sia appears angry , resent­ful and unwill­ing to tol­er­ate fur­ther expan­sion of NATO into its his­toric region .
That mood pre­fig­ures trou­ble ahead .
Two ex-Sovi­et coun­tries – Geor­gia and Ukraine – could join NATO ’s Mem­ber­ship Action Pro­gram as ear­ly as Decem­ber .
Though that ’s unlike­ly with many Euro­pean states dubi­ous , the Bush admin­is­tra­tion sent Vice Pres­i­dent Dick Cheney to stiff­en spines in the two NATO aspi­rant coun­tries in ear­ly September .
“ Russia ’s actions are an affront to civ­i­lized stan­dards and are com­plete­ly unac­cept­able , ” Cheney told jour­nal­ists in Georgia ’s cap­i­tal , Tbil­isi , with­out acknowl­edg­ing that it was actu­al­ly Geor­gia that opened hos­til­i­ties by attack­ing South Osse­tia , where 80 per­cent of the pop­u­la­tion car­ry Russ­ian pass­ports and are pro­tect­ed by Russ­ian troops .
​ “ Bru­tal­i­ty against a neigh­bor is sim­ply the lat­est in a suc­ces­sion of trou­ble­some and unhelp­ful actions by Rus­sia , ” Cheney added .
The thin red line
The orig­i­nal Cold War began with a series of Com­mu­nist - backed coups in East­ern Euro­pean coun­tries that were occu­pied by the Red Army in World War II .
In 1948 , Sovi­et leader Joseph Stal­in launched a block­ade to starve the West­ern allies out of their enclave in West Berlin .
An Amer­i­can air­lift broke the siege , fol­lowed by a series of dra­mat­ic mea­sures , includ­ing the re-instate­ment of the draft by Pres­i­dent Har­ry Tru­man .
The next year , NATO was cre­at­ed to block fur­ther Sovi­et expansion .
Many Russ­ian experts say things are like that today – only in reverse .
The ​ “ col­or rev­o­lu­tions ” in Geor­gia , Kyr­gyzs­tan and Ukraine brought ardent­ly pro-West­ern gov­ern­ments to pow­er in coun­tries that have close his­toric ties with Rus­sia .
After a decade that has seen NATO absorb all the for­mer USSR ’s East­ern Euro­pean allies and the Unit­ed States move to install strate­gic anti-mis­sile weapons in Poland and the Czech Repub­lic , Moscow has had enough .
Both Geor­gia and Ukraine have infu­ri­at­ed Rus­sia by seek­ing a fast - track to NATO mem­ber­ship , with the back­ing of the Bush admin­is­tra­tion .
Though their appli­ca­tions were post­poned at the alliance ’s Bucharest Sum­mit in April , the issue is slat­ed to re-emerge at a review ses­sion in December .
“ There is a red line , where Rus­sia can­not accept fur­ther pres­sure on its bor­ders in its tra­di­tion­al geopo­lit­i­cal are­na , ” says Natalya Narochnit­skaya , for­mer deputy chair of the State Duma ’s for­eign rela­tions com­mis­sion and now an exec­u­tive of the Moscow - based Insti­tute for Democ­ra­cy and Coop­er­a­tion .
​ “ Ukraine becom­ing part of a hos­tile mil­i­tary bloc , and see­ing NATO bases sprout in Russia ’s his­toric heart­land , is sim­ply not some­thing we can ever accept . ”
Many Russ­ian experts insist that Moscow does n’t object to Ukraine ’s inde­pen­dence , but would pre­fer to see it pledge neu­tral­i­ty and become a buffer between East and West , akin to Fin­land dur­ing the Cold War .
Moscow objects to Ukraine join­ing NATO , a mil­i­tary alliance , but not to Ukraine ’s eco­nom­ic or polit­i­cal coop­er­a­tion with the West .
“ Russia ’s con­cern is that NATO is cre­at­ing new divid­ing lines in Europe , which are designed to iso­late and reject Rus­sia from the Euro­pean com­mu­ni­ty of states , ” says Tatiana Parkhali­na , direc­tor of the inde­pen­dent Cen­ter for Euro­pean Secu­ri­ty Stud­ies in Moscow .
​“ Rus­sians are afraid they ’ll wake up one morn­ing , and find them­selves cor­nered and alone . ”
East­ern promises
In the wake of the Geor­gian war , Rus­sia has moved to shore up its small local secu­ri­ty alliance , the sev­en - mem­ber Col­lec­tive Secu­ri­ty Treaty Orga­ni­za­tion , com­prised of Arme­nia , Belarus , Kaza­khstan , Kyr­gyzs­tan , Rus­sia , Tajik­istan and Uzbek­istan .
It is also eye­ing greater mil­i­tary coop­er­a­tion with the Shang­hai Coop­er­a­tion Orga­ni­za­tion , an assem­bly of for­mer Sovi­et Cen­tral Asian states , plus Chi­na , and includes India and Iran as observers .
“ The dan­ger is that Rus­sia will trans­fer its alle­giances east­ward and become an adjunct of Chi­na , ” says Dmitri Trenin , a for­eign pol­i­cy expert at the Carnegie Cen­ter in Moscow .
​ “ No one wants this , but events are tak­ing on a harsh log­ic of their own . ”
In state­ments in August and Sep­tem­ber , Russ­ian Pres­i­dent Dmitri Medvedev spelled out a Russ­ian ver­sion of the Mon­roe Doc­trine , warn­ing that Moscow will inter­vene to pro­tect its cit­i­zens and busi­ness inter­ests , par­tic­u­lar­ly in the ​ “ near abroad , ” mean­ing the for­mer Sovi­et Union .
“ The events in South Osse­tia showed that Rus­sia will not allow any­one to infringe upon the lives and dig­ni­ty of its cit­i­zens , that Rus­sia is a state to be , from now on , reck­oned with , ” Medvedev told a gath­er­ing of region­al lead­ers in September .
In moves that appear cal­cu­lat­ed to revive old sen­si­tiv­i­ties in Wash­ing­ton , the Krem­lin has put out feel­ers to for­mer Sovi­et allies , such as Cuba and Syr­ia , and new clients like Venezuela .
In July , a Russ­ian del­e­ga­tion led by Deputy Prime Min­is­ter Igor Sechin vis­it­ed Havana to explore rebuid­ing Sovi­et - era eco­nom­ic and secu­ri­ty ties .
A month lat­er , Medvedev dis­cussed sophis­ti­cat­ed arms sales and the pos­si­bil­i­ty of the Russ­ian Navy using for­mer Sovi­et port facil­i­ties at Tar­tus , on the Mediter­ranean , when Syr­i­an Pres­i­dent Bashar al - Assad came call­ing at the Kremlin .
Mean­while , Moscow news­pa­pers have report­ed sim­i­lar dis­cus­sions with Viet­nam about using the for­mer Sovi­et naval base at Cam Ranh Bay .
The Russ­ian For­eign Min­istry expressed ​ “ deep sat­is­fac­tion ” recent­ly when anoth­er old Sovi­et friend , Nicaraguan Pres­i­dent Daniel Orte­ga , became the first for­eign leader to extend diplo­mat­ic recog­ni­tion to South Osse­tia and the oth­er break­away Geor­gian ter­ri­to­ry , Abkhazia .
In Sep­tem­ber , two Cold War -era Tu-160 strate­gic bombers were sent to Venezuela .
They were expect­ed to be fol­lowed by a Russ­ian naval task force in Novem­ber , includ­ing the giant nuclear - pow­ered guid­ed mis­sile cruis­er Peter the Great , which will hold war games with Venezue­lan ships in the Caribbean .
Few experts believe that Moscow is real­ly try­ing to revive the for­mer Sovi­et alliance sys­tem , but many say that events are devel­op­ing a dan­ger­ous momen­tum of their own .
“ Amer­i­can for­eign pol­i­cy is over­bur­dened with too many engage­ments just now , and its resources have proven not to be unlim­it­ed , ” says Narochnit­skaya .
​ “ It is time for Wash­ing­ton to stop and re-think the whole idea of push­ing NATO into the for­mer Sovi­et sphere , before things start to get real­ly out of hand . ”
Many Rus­sians argue that the roots of today ’s grow­ing East - West rift lie in the West ’s fail­ure to work with Rus­sia to re-imag­ine glob­al secu­ri­ty archi­tec­ture fol­low­ing the USSR ’s col­lapse , anal­o­gous to the way the vic­to­ri­ous pow­ers after WWII respond­ed to a sim­i­lar geopo­lit­i­cal water­shed by devel­op­ing the Unit­ed Nations and a whole new set of world institutions .
Con­fi­dantes of for­mer Sovi­et Pres­i­dent Mikhail Gor­bachev allege that U.S. lead­ers reneged on pledges to build a ​ “ new world order ” after Sovi­et troops with­drew from East­ern Europe and the mil­i­tary alliance , the War­saw pact , was disbanded .
“ Gor­bachev made deep con­ces­sions to the West to break out … of the arms race , but lat­er , when Rus­sia was going through a painful eco­nom­ic tran­si­tion and we need­ed sup­port , the West turned away , ” says Andrei Grachev , a Krem­lin advis­er and Gorbachev ’s pres­i­den­tial spokesman at the time .
​ “ Despite promis­es that had been giv­en to us , the West decid­ed to use [ Russia ’s weak­ness and eco­nom­ic tur­moil ] to expand NATO to the East .
The anti-West­ern moods in Russ­ian soci­ety today can be explained by the fact that the West treat­ed Rus­sia as a van­quished ene­my , ” rather than a poten­tial part­ner , he says .
Though it ’s nat­ur­al to think in terms of the last war when trou­ble looms , some Russ­ian experts say the Cold War is the wrong anal­o­gy to use as Moscow and Wash­ing­ton head into deep­er confrontation .
“ Rus­sia today is a cap­i­tal­ist coun­try and part of the world econ­o­my , ” says Boris Kagar­l­it­sky , direc­tor of the Insti­tute of Glob­al­iza­tion and Social Move­ments in Moscow .
​ “ Indeed , that ’s what ’s caus­ing all the trou­ble .
The desire to glob­al­ize is a tremen­dous stim­u­lus to con­flict ; it ’s a myth that cap­i­tal­ist coun­tries do n’t go to war over ter­ri­to­ry , mar­kets and resources .
They ’re using Cold War rhetoric , on both sides , to sell these new rival­ries in a famil­iar pack­age .
But this is a new , and more dan­ger­ous world . ”
An Israeli cabinet minister has suggested Israel could kidnap Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
Former Mossad agent Rafi Eitan hinted in an interview with Germany 's Der Spiegel magazine that Israel may abduct the Iranian president in order to bring him before the International Criminal Court in The Hague .
" It could very well be that a leader such as Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad suddenly finds himself before the International Criminal Court in The Hague , " the Minister for Pensioners ' Affairs told the German publication in an interview published Monday .
" A man like Ahmadinejad who threatens genocide has to be brought for trial in The Hague .
And all options are open in terms of how he should be brought , " said Eitan .
When asked if he was serious about kidnapping the Iranian president , Eitan said ' absolutely ' .
Belfast Telegraph
Update :
So many of you asked for bacon on this thing that we just had to oblige .
Here is the Bacon Hamburger Fatty Melt .
[ 10/13/2008 ]
What you are looking at , ladies and gents , is what we at A Hamburger Today are calling the Hamburger Fatty Melt .
Lemme give you the smack on this meat stack .
From top to bottom :
Grilled cheese sandwich as bun top
Four - ounce beef patty
Grilled cheese sandwich as bottom bun
Got that ?
It 's a burger with two grilled cheese sandwiches as its bun .
I wish our R&D department here at AHT HQ could claim this as the product of our grease - addled minds , but we 're only following through on a burger we heard about via Serious Eats community member Theadob , who mentioned the " Chubby Melt " at the Mossy Creek Cafe in Fisherville , Virginia ( burger between two grilled cheese sandwiches , smothered with sautéed onions and mushrooms and topped with Thousand Island dressing ) .
I vowed to recreate one of my own , but with some tweaks .
I thought Mossy Creek pretty much had it right until it ladled on the toppings .
Something as glorious as a burger with TWO GRILLED CHEESE SANDWICHES AS ITS BUN needs little else adorning it .
So stop what you 're doing right now and go out and get the following ingredients :
1 pound ground beef
Pepperidge Farm Very
Thin white bread
Kraft Deli Deluxe American cheese slices -- yellow , not white , fool !
Butter
A juicy tomato
Now follow me here for the recipe : The Hamburger Fatty Melt
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
Oil down sharply on Gustav relief
Early checks showed that oil facilities suffered little damage from Gustav Crude oil prices have fallen sharply , after oil facilities in the Gulf of Mexico were spared by Hurricane Gustav .
US crude fell to a five - month low of $ 105.46 a barrel before closing down $ 5.75 at $ 109.71 while London 's Brent crude fell $ 1.07 to close at $ 108.34 .
While still high in historical terms , crude is now significantly below the record $ 147 a barrel hit in early July .
Analysts said the fall in global demand for oil caused by economic weakness in the US and Europe was another factor .
The sharp fall in prices initially led to a strong rally on US stock markets although this later petered out .
The Dow Jones opened more than 240 points higher in early exchanges but this enthusiasm quickly petered out , leaving the benchmark index down about 30 points by mid-afternoon .
This reverse came in the wake of less positive economic news , with closely - watched reports indicating that activity in US factories contracted last month while construction spending fell by 0.6 % .
The speculators , hedge funds , and other investors are getting out of this market on a major scale
Jim Ritterbusch , oil analyst Figures from the Institute for Supply Management for factory activity were weaker than expected , prompting one economist to say the US was on the " precipice of a recession " .
" It tells us that the manufacturing sector remains essentially stalled , " Mr Resler added .
Hurricane Gustav weakened as it hit the US Gulf of Mexico coast south - west of New Orleans and was downgraded to a tropical storm after hitting Fourchon , a port in Louisiana .
Initial checks by some US refiners reported no damage from Gustav , which had originally been classed as the biggest threat to the sector since devastation from Hurricane Katrina in 2005 .
Falling demand Fears of lower global demand for oil also pressured crude prices .
Oil traders speculated that slowing global economic growth would dampen demand for crude , even in booming China and India .
" The magnitude of this pullback suggests the market is fully focused on demand destruction , " said oil analyst Jim Ritterbusch .
" The speculators , hedge funds , and other investors are getting out of this market on a major scale . "
Opec , the association of oil producing countries , holds its regular meeting next week in Vienna , amid speculation some of its members - such as Iran and Venezuela - would like it to tackle falling oil prices .
Opec members produce about 50 % of the world 's oil supply .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Sugar cookies with bright royal icing featuring Pacman along with Blinky , Pinky , Inky , and Clyde .
I recently ordered some food coloring paste after hearing of their potent coloring ability .
Way better than liquid food coloring , I was informed .
So a box of food coloring paste was promptly ordered .
Now I just needed something to test these new colors on !
I dug through my collection of cookie cutters to find my tiny tulip cookie cutter .
Turn it over and it 's perfect shape for a pacman ghost .
Ingredients :
Sugar cookie dough
1 egg white
2 cups powdered sugar
2 teaspoons lemon juice
1 teaspoon light corn syrup
Various food paste colors
Mini chocolate chips
The ingredients for the royal icing - everything but the dough and the chocolate chips - make enough for a dozen and a half small sugar cookies .
Preheat oven to 350°F !
Cut out the ghost and pacman shapes from sugar cookie dough .
Pacman is created from a circular cookie cutter and then a pointy bit from another cookie cutter .
Bake for about eight minutes , or until the tops are golden brown .
Allow to cool .
For the royal icing , mix together the egg white and lemon juice .
Add the corn syrup , then mix in the powdered sugar .
Now to use the new colors !
Not just any red .
Super red .
For each character color , scoop roughly one - fourth cup of the royal icing into a bowl .
Dip a toothpick into the bottle of food coloring and stir into the icing .
I needed two dips for to create the blue for the Inky , but the other colors only required only one dip .
Once it 's the proper color , pour the icing into a plastic bag .
Seal the bag , and snip a teeny tiny bit off one of the corners .
Squeezing the bag gently , draw the outline of the ghost on the cookie .
Fill in the outline .
Repeat the whole coloring and bagging procedure for each ghost .
Save a little of the white royal icing ; you 'll need it for the last bit .
Allow the icing on the cookies to set .
It 'll take about 30 minutes .
Once the icing is firm , pour the last bit of white royal icing into a plastic bag .
Add the two eyes .
Quickly add the tiny chocolate chips .
The ghosts will be all set in about 15 minutes .
I love the way these turned out !
Bigger image
The orange Clyde looks nervous .
Bigger image Flashbang Fatbottom checks out the Pinky cookie .
I 'm in Baltimore this weekend !
Come say hello -- or , if you 're nowhere near Baltimore , then check out my pal Bernie Hou 's new current - events comic If You See Something .
Right now on the homepage it looks like he's got an episode of his other ( wonderful ) comic Alien Loves Predator , but here 's a favorite from a few weeks ago that gives you a good idea of IYSS 's sensibility .
The other day I briefly mentioned Good Old Games , but now the beta is going and I ’ve actually had a peek inside .
It ’s tremendous .
I have not actually used it ( yet ) myself , but here are some of the good things I ’ve been hearing :
Lots and lots of titles .
Unlike other game portals , I do n’t see any filler .
Nearly everything on the site is a AAA title of yesteryear , without padding out their list with shovelware and Bejeweled knockoffs .
Nearly every game is $ 6 .
A few are $ 10 .
A lot of games are actually The Base Game +
An Expansion for $ 6 . “ No DRM ” is listed as a selling point .
It ’s been so long since anyone treated me like a customer that I ’d forgotten what it feels like .
I ’m welling up right now .
Most of it downloaded as zip files for easy archiving , and the game is a single exe installer .
Plus you can download it as many times as you want from their site .
They are n’t just offering the game .
In some cases you can get , “ the full manual in PDF , the game ’s reference card , an avatar pack , as well as MP3s of the game ’s soundtrack !
Separate downloads too , so you do n’t have to get it all unless you want it . ”
Most of the games are from The Golden Age .
Modern enough to run without tricky emulation , old enough to run on whatever dusty old heap you might have lying around .
You can get support , which is something you wo n’t get if you pick up one of these games at a yard sale .
This is an amazing thing .
I ’m actually feeling a profound sense of guilt that I have n’t given them any money yet .
Not for a game , but just , you know , in general .
I know I ’m getting Freespace 2 , and with these prices it ’s actually pretty easy to just toss a couple of extra titles into your shopping cart .
Editor ’s note : Students — please feel free to use the information here .
Just make sure to credit it appropriately ( with a link if possible ) … including credit to the owners of the images .
Upcycling , a phrase coined by Cradle to Cradle authors William McDonough and Michael Braungart , is the act of creating useful products from waste materials .
You ’ve probably seen several upcycled products on the market today–reusable bags are often made from old plastic bags , t- shirts , or other upcycled materials .
TerraCycle is now upcycling many products , including juice pouches and cookie wrappers .
Among design junkies , craftsters , and green folks , upcycling is the latest challenge to combat climate change .
My only gripe is I keep seeing the same upcycling ideas –the aforementioned reusable bags , the old t- shirt revamp–and they ’ve been done .
Fortunately , places like Ready Made Magazine and Instructables continue to facilitate new upcycled products .
Here are six creative , practical upcycling projects that , with a little time and skill , you can do at home .
Related Posts
Upcycle !
Girl Reconstructed : Upcycling Old Clothes
Girl Reconstructed : Upcycling Old Clothes Part 2
New Life for Old CDs
PAISLEY , Ore. - For some 85 years , homesteaders , pot hunters , and archaeologists have been digging at Paisley Caves , a string of shallow depressions washed out of an ancient lava flow by the waves of a lake that comes and goes with the changing climate .
Until now , they have found nothing conclusive - arrowheads , baskets , animal bones , and sandals made by people who lived thousands of years ago on the shores of what was then a 40 - mile - long lake , but is now a sage brush desert on the northern edge of the Great Basin .
But a few years ago , University of Oregon archaeologist Dennis Jenkins and his students started digging where no one had dug before .
What the team discovered in an alcove used as a latrine and trash dump has elevated the caves to the site of the oldest radiocarbon dated human remains in North America .
Coprolites - ancient feces - were found to contain human DNA linked directly to modern - day Native Americans with Asian roots and radiocarbon dated to 14,300 years ago .
That 's 1,000 years before the oldest stone points of the Clovis culture , which for much of the 20th century was believed to represent the first people in North America .
The idea that coprolites contain valuable information is not new , but extracting DNA from them is .
When the findings were published this year in the journal Science , they plopped Jenkins and his colleagues in the middle of one of the hottest debates in North American archaeology :
Just when did people first come here , and how did they get here ?
For many years the prevailing view was that the Clovis people walked from Siberia across a land bridge exposed by the Ice Age to Alaska and spread south through an ice - free corridor down the center of the continent exposed 10,000 years ago by warming temperatures .
The Paisley coprolites indicate people had found another way , perhaps crossing the land bridge but then walking down the coast , or even crossing the ocean by boat , the way people went from New Guinea to Australia thousands of years earlier .
The findings kill the suggestion some of the earliest Americans came from Europe .
And they almost did n't get to tell their story .
Bill Cannon calls himself a " used archaeological site salesman , " but is really the US Bureau of Land Management 's Lakeview District archaeologist .
Cannon knew University of Oregon archaeologist Luther Cressman had dug here in the 1930s , along with numerous looters .
Cannon can show you the rusty nail Cressman drove into the wall of Cave No. 2 as his data point , from which the locations of artifacts are measured , as well as recent illicit excavations .
Cressman found evidence - a dart point , basketry , sandals , and animal bones - that people were here before Clovis and they hunted large animals .
But he could make no strong conclusions , and he saved no coprolites .
Cannon could see there was a lot that had n't been dug , and figured Jenkins was the guy to do it .
Jenkins is a senior research associate at the University of Oregon Museum of Natural and Cultural History , and head of its Northern Great Basin Archaeological Field School .
His office in a Quonset hut on the campus in Eugene is decorated with the antlers of mule deer he has shot in the high desert east of the Cascade Range .
His arm carries a tattoo from an outlaw motorcycle club from Las Vegas , where he grew up and went to college .
Jenkins has never found one of the distinctively shaped , fluted , stone spear points that mark the Clovis culture , named for a site near Clovis , N.M. , uncovered in 1929 .
But in three digs at Paisley - 2002 , 2003 and 2007 - Jenkins has gathered 700 coprolites , perhaps a third of them human .
The coprolites contain pollen , seeds , chipmunk bones , sage grouse feathers , trout scales , things that ancient people would have been eating , but Jenkins could n't be sure they were n't coyote .
He had estimated their age at 1,000 years before Clovis from dating bone and obsidian flakes found nearby .
Unlike bone , obsidian cannot be radiocarbon dated .
But the time since a flake was broken off can be estimated from how far moisture has penetrated , leaving a visible band .
The distance depends on temperature , so to refine the measurements , archaeological consultant Tom Origer and his team from Santa Rosa , Calif. , tracked the underground temperatures for a year .
At $ 600 a shot , Jenkins still did n't want to get any of the coprolites radiocarbon dated until he knew they were human .
Then in the fall of 2003 , he received an unexpected e-mail from Alan Cooper of Oxford University , who was looking for sites to test with techniques he was developing to extract ancient DNA from soils .
© Copyright 2008 Globe Newspaper Company .
Palin Spokesman says it ’s a Witch Hunt  Just Like Ken Starr
Quoted in the Anchorage Daily News , the lawyer for Sarah Palin comments regarding the Alaska troopergate controversy and the investigation that was launched by a bipartisan committee of the Alaska legislature .
Van Flein is quoted concerning whether Sarah Palin is being treated fairly by the State Legislature :
“ Our concern is that Hollis French turns into Ken Starr and uses public money to pursue a political vendetta rather than truly pursue an honest inquiry into an alleged ethics issue , ” Van Flein said in an interview .
That ’s right folk , we finally have it straight from the Republican Horse ’s Mouth , someone from the right formally admitting that the Ken Starr investigation , which wasted millions of taxpayer dollars , was nothing but a political witch hunt .
This Palin troopergate story just keeps getting better and better .
Posted by Buck Batard at September 02 , 2008 09:47 AM
Email this entry to :
Your email address :
Message ( optional ) :
A new army grant seeks to develop a helmet that can convey messages simply by thinking them .
Known as synthetic telepathy , the technology is based on reading electrical activity in the brain using an electroencephalograph , or EEG .
Similar technology is being marketed as a way to control video games by thought .
" I think that this will eventually become just another way of communicating , " said Mike D'Zmura , from the University of California , Irvine and the lead scientist on the project .
" It will take a lot of research , and a lot of time , but there are also a lot of commercial applications , not just military applications , " he said .
Interesting , but I feel like there might be too much room for error .
* sending thought messages * Enemies at twelve o'clock .
Let 's flank them from the left .
And 3,2 .... Jesus , Lieutenant Bridge 's ass looks good in that camo .
Shit .
I 'm not gay , I 'm not gay !
Helmet to Convey Messages by Thought [ discovery ]
Thanks to Tracy , who read my mind : boobs .
And also , pork chop sandwiches .
Check out the new movie poster and the trailer for the upcoming movie “ ” by director , starring ( Tuvia Bielski ) , and .
The film revolves around Jewish brothers ( Craig , Schreiber and Bell ) living in Nazi- occupied Poland who escape into the Belarussian forest where they join Russian resistance fighters in battling the Nazis .
Throughout the war , they build a village inside the forest and save the lives of more than 1,200 Jews .
Zwick ’s screenplay is based on ’s book “ . ” [ flv ]
http://brightcove.vo.llnwd.net/d6/unsecured/media/301783424/301783424_1846702346_Defiance-Trailer-Main-Trailer-480.flv[/flv]
“ Defiance ” is scheduled to hit theaters on December 12th , 2008 .
PRINCETON , NJ -- Barack Obama leads John McCain , 49 % to 44 % , when registered voters are asked who they would vote for if the election were held today , according to the latest Gallup Poll Daily tracking update .
These results , from Sept. 24 - 26 , are almost entirely based on interviewing conducted before Friday night 's first presidential debate .
This suggests Obama was moving into a slightly better positioning as the two met in Mississippi to debate foreign policy matters and the economic crisis .
The five percentage point lead for Obama in today 's update is one of his best in recent weeks , just short of the six - point advantage he had in Sept. 17-19 polling .
McCain had been running ahead of Obama since the Republican National Convention earlier this month , but as the financial crisis deepened Obama regained the lead positioning he had enjoyed through much of the summer .
( To view the complete trend since March 7 , 2008 , click here . )
The initial impact of the debate -- and perhaps more importantly , the political spin in the days after -- on voter preferences will be apparent in the next few days of Gallup Poll Daily tracking , with Tuesday 's report the first for which all interviews will be conducted after the debate .
-- Jeff Jones
( Click here to see how the race currently breaks down by demographic subgroup . )
Survey Methods
For the Gallup Poll Daily tracking survey , Gallup is interviewing no fewer than 1,000 U.S. adults nationwide each day during 2008 .
The general - election results are based on combined data from Sept. 24 - 26 , 2008 .
For results based on this sample of 2,759 registered voters , the maximum margin of sampling error is ±2 percentage points .
Interviews are conducted with respondents on land - line telephones ( for respondents with a landline telephone ) and cellular phones ( for respondents who are cell phone only ) .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
To provide feedback or suggestions about how to improve Gallup.com , please e-mail feedback@gallup.com .
WHAT : A pre-planned collapse of the US ( and global ) financial and economic systems .
WHO : The same characters who perpetrated the original 911 .
WHERE : New York City & DC , of course .
Plus a sideshow in Washington state .
WHEN : The days surrounding September 11 , naturally .
HOW : Instead of painted drones , missiles with fins and fake airplanes , they used the much more stealthy short seller .
WHY : To remake the economic / financial order of the world .
WHY Really :
Think about it !
And then ask yourself , “ Cui bono ? ”
The 911 blueprint worked so magically for the world controllers that they were compelled to use virtually the same playbook .
“ If it ai n't broke , do n't fix it . ”
So , what 's the real deal here ?
By analogy , let 's take a quick look at the 911 timeline and stack it up against the new 2008 Financial “ 911 ” , as it began to unfold earlier this year .
The Bear Stearns collapse that began in March , 2008 is analogous to the 1 st World Trade Center bombing in 1993 .
Just a warm up .
The nationalization of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac marks the beginning of the new 911 .
Both in the DC area , they were the first to come down this time .
Just as they struck at the heart of the military complex , this time they went for the jugular of the national real estate market .
Remember – this is a financial 911 .
Next came this year 's version of the twin towers , building 7 and other assorted NYC landmarks in the form of Lehman Brothers , AIG , Merrill Lynch , as well as Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs in their “ new & improved ” form .
Basically took out the whole of American investment brokerage , heh ?!
And , of course , we still have Washington Mutual out there in the boonies just like the one that “ crashed ” in a PA farm field .
The 700 billion dollar Bailout Plan is just like the Patriot Act , is n't it ?
Only this time it 's maybe a 1 or 2 page document that confers absolute authority on the Executive Branch to do just about anything they want with the taxpayer 's money .
And they want it rubber stamped now .
Not tomorrow .
NOW !!!
Without discussion , or unnecessary congressional debate .
Talk about Shock &
Awe being used against the American people , and their elected representatives !?!
Now we know we can expect further gyrations , panics and precipitous declines in the market and elsewhere , just as we had anthrax attacks in the Capital , beltway snipers in Maryland in October of ' 02 , the 3/11/04 train bombings in Madrid , and the 7/7/05 bombings in London .
Not to mention the 50 or so other synthetic terror events staged throughout the world to enforce compliance and create distraction .
The sudden and dramatic downfall of NY Gov Eliot Spitzer can also now be seen in its proper light .
Having left the reservation one too many times , he simply could not be trusted to go with the flow .
He had their numbers , their signatures , their addresses --- the whole ball of wax , as well as his own reputation to burnish .
The elimination of John O'Neil , Head of Security at the WTC , is quite similar , except that John O. – a great patriot – died on 911 having just been given the job .
To date , the most obvious and glaring example of this manipulated takedown is the case of a NY Senator .
His letter to the FDIC contained confidential information that triggered the IndyMac bank collapse in July .
California AG Jerry Brown was called to review the entire affair after the OTS Director explicitly blamed the letter for causing a run on the bank ( 3 rd largest bank failure in US history ) .
This episode is eerily reminiscent of Larry Silverstein 's order to , “ Pull it . ” just prior to the expertly controlled demolition of Building # 7on 911 .
Just as 911 was perpetrated as a cover for : inaugurating the War on Terror , overtly advancing the NWO regime globally ( in contrast to this previously covert operation ) , imposing a police state ( Homeland Security ) in the US ( by gutting the US Constitution ) , UK and elsewhere , dominating and securing oil / gas reserves in the Middle East and Cacaucus ( to include running energy pipelines through Afghanistan and stealing Irag 's oil wealth via military invasion ) , jump starting the Afghan opium trade , etc. , the ECO / FIN 911 of '08 is a cover for many of these same agenda items .
However , there is one little item that is particularly high on the current agenda .
And that concerns the derivatives market , which in its totality approximates somewhere between 500 trillion and 1 quadrillion dollars of instruments as of 2008 .
In fact , the sub prime mortgage defaults are just a tip of the tip of the iceberg when compared to the real megilla – DERIVATIVES .
This is what they 're really worried about , and having to cover for .
Except this is a quadrillion dollar megilla that can't be covered without unraveling the entire capitalistic system , and its fascist corpocracy and kleptocratic oligarchy .
And then there is the teenie , weenie matter concerning the Federal Reserve , and its collection agency – the IRS .
The man standing behind this curtain has a lot at stake , especially in the form of mountains of evidence that will indict , and convict , the entire system .
Lots of evidence was destroyed during and after 911 , as will happen after many of these Wall Street firms are taken over , nationalized , liquidated , merged and disappeared .
The veil , however , has already been lifted .
Does anyone see a pattern here ?!
The real lesson to be gleaned from this analysis is that events of such enormity and consequence are rarely spontaneous and unchoreographed .
Especially when they happen just weeks from an era defining presidential election .
They have obviously been planning this one for a long time , and it has been fastidiously engineered to have a very definite effect and desired outcome – a permanent planetary plantation ( PPP ) .
The execution , thus far , has been flawless .
Even for those of us who stood there on the 1 st 911 , and knew it was a fraud while the buildings were coming down , this one is exceedingly more difficult to penetrate .
However , penetrate we will , until every last conspirator is sitting before the TRUTH AND RECONCILIATION COMMISSION spillin ' the beans .
The ultimate and lasting effect of these inquiries will be a New World Order of our making , not theirs .
The only remaining , $ 64,000 question will undoubtedly be , “ What do we do with them when we head them off at the pass ? ”
For the uninitiated , it may take quite a lot to wrap your mind around this extremely complex and convoluted plot , but , please , just be patient .
As this drama plays out , the true intentions of the primary perpetrators will become manifest as they unwittingly reveal themselves by their handiwork .
As Eliot Spitzer , no - Eliot Ness , nee – Sherlock Holmes once alluded to – a fingerprint inadvertently left as evidence is impossible to erase .
You see , the short sellers , unlike the “ airplanes ” , are still with us .
Each one had a target to take down which they did with amazing speed and dexterity .
And the myriad transactions that converged to topple their prey are all preserved somewhere , in some huge database , with multiple backups to serve as confirmation of trades of staggering amounts .
AHHH !
Nothing like computers , especially when they 're not confiscated and shipped off to China for permanent disposal .
May all financial wizards and economic soothsayers , henceforth , be inspired to stare into their crystal ball and divine the upcoming financial and economic events of global proportions with the keenest of acumen and sleuthing .
As we shine the LIGHT of our collective awareness on these rapidly unfolding schemes , we will serve as beacons of revelation , and hope to the world .
Remember – we now know the script .
We know the major players involved .
We are able to watch the crimes being committed in real time .
Each of us has now been thusly notified , and empowered , to serve as a vector of dissemination of this vital and critical information .
So -----> LET'S GET BUSY ! ! !
T. Anthony Michael Permission is expressly granted to copy , email , scan , attach , or forward this article to any and all parties .
Gillian Blease
TO SEE Islamic finance in action , visit the mutating coastline of the Gulf .
Diggers claw sand out of the sea off Manama , Bahrain 's capital , for a series of waterfront developments that are part - funded by Islamic instruments .
To the east , Nakheel , a developer that issued the world 's largest Islamic bond ( or sukuk ) in 2006 , is using the money to reorganise the shoreline of Dubai into a mosaic of man-made islands .
Finance is undertaking some Islamic construction of its own .
Islamic banks are opening their doors across the Gulf and a new platform for sharia - compliant hedge funds has attracted names such as BlackRock .
Western law firms and banks , always quick to sniff out new business , are beefing up their Islamic - finance teams .
Governments are taking notice too .
In July Indonesia , the most populous Muslim country , said it would issue the nation 's first sukuk .
The British government , which covets a position as the West 's leading centre for Islamic finance , is also edging towards issuing a short - term sovereign sukuk .
France has begun its own charm offensive aimed at Islamic investors .
Set against ailing Western markets such vigour looks impressive .
The oil - fuelled liquidity that has pumped up Middle Eastern sovereign - wealth funds is also buoying demand for Islamic finance .
Compared with the ethics of some American subprime lending , Islamic finance seems virtuous as well as vigorous .
It frowns on speculation and applauds risk - sharing , even if some wonder whether the industry is really doing anything more than mimicking conventional finance and , more profoundly , if it is strictly necessary under Islam ( see article ) .
Sukuks in the souk
As the buzz around the industry grows , so do expectations .
The amount of Islamic assets under management stands at around $ 700 billion , according to the Islamic Financial Services Board , an industry body .
Standard & Poor 's , a rating agency , thinks that the industry could control $ 4 trillion of assets .
Others go further , pointing out that Muslims account for 20 % of the world 's population , but Islamic finance for less than 1 % of its financial instruments — that gap , they say , represents a big opportunity .
With tongue partly in cheek , some say that Islamic finance should by rights displace conventional finance altogether .
Western finance cannot service capital that wants to find a sharia - compliant home ; but Islamic finance can satisfy everyone .
Confidence is one thing , hyperbole another .
The industry remains minute on many measures : its total assets roughly match those of Lloyds TSB , Britain 's fifth - largest bank ( though some firms that meet sharia - compliant criteria may attract Islamic investors without realising it ) .
The assets managed by Islamic rules are growing at 10 - 15 % annually — not to be sniffed at , but underwhelming for an industry that attracts so much attention .
Most of all , the industry 's expansion is tempered by its need to address the tensions between its two purposes : to serve God and to make as much money as it can .
That is a stiff test .
A few devout Muslims , many of them in Saudi Arabia , will pay what Paul Homsy of Crescent Asset Management calls a “ piety premium ” to satisfy sharia .
But research into the investment preferences of Muslims shows that most of them want products that benefit their savings , as well as their souls — rather as ethical investors in the West want funds that do no harm , but are also at least as profitable as other investments .
A combination of ingenuity and persistence has enabled Islamic finance to conquer some of the main obstacles .
Take transaction costs which tend to be higher in complex Islamic instruments than in more straightforward conventional ones .
Sharia - compliant mortgages are typically structured so that the lender itself buys the property and then leases it out to the borrower at a price that combines a rental charge and a capital payment .
At the end of the mortgage term , when the price of the property has been fully repaid , the house is transferred to the borrower .
That additional complexity does not just add to the direct costs of the transaction , but can also fall foul of legal hurdles .
Since the property changes hands twice in the transaction , an Islamic mortgage is theoretically liable to double stamp duty .
Britain ironed out this kink in 2003 but it remains one of the few countries to have done so .
However , just as in conventional finance , as more transactions take place the economies of scale mean that the cost of each one rapidly falls .
Financiers can recycle documentation rather than drawing it up from scratch .
The contracts they now use for sharia - compliant mortgages in America draw on templates originally drafted at great cost for aircraft leases .
Islamic financiers can also streamline their processes .
When Barclays Capital and Shariah Capital , a consultancy , developed the new hedge - fund platform , they had to screen the funds ' portfolios to make sure that the shares they pick are sharia - compliant .
That sounds as if it should be an additional cost , but prime brokers already screen hedge funds to make sure that risk concentrations do not build up .
The checks they make for their Islamic hedge funds can piggyback on the checks they make for their conventional hedge funds .
Mohammed Amin of PricewaterhouseCoopers , a consulting firm , says the extra transaction costs for a commonly used Islamic financing instrument , called commodity murabaha , total about $ 50 for every $ 1 m of business .
That is small enough to be recouped through efficiencies in other areas , or to be absorbed in lenders ' profit margins .
In addition , bankers privately admit that less competition helps keep margins higher than in conventional finance .
“ Conceptually , Islamic finance should cost more , as it involves more transactions , ” says Mr Amin .
“ The actual cost is tiny and can be lost in the wash . ”
The other area of substantive development has been in redefining sharia - compliance .
New products require scholars to cast sharia in fresh , and occasionally uncomfortable , directions .
Some investors express surprise at the very idea of Islamic hedge funds , for example , because of prohibitions in sharia on selling something that an investor does not actually own .
“ You encounter a wall of scepticism whenever you do something new , ” says Eric Meyer of Shariah Capital .
“ It is no different in Islamic finance . ”
He says that it took eight long years to bring his idea of an Islamic hedge - fund platform to fruition , applying a technique called arboon to ensure that investors , in effect , take an equity position in shares before they sell them short .
Industry insiders describe an iterative process , in which scholars , lawyers and bankers work together to understand new instruments and adapt them to the requirements of sharia .
Differences in interpretation of sharia between countries can still hinder the economies of scale .
Moreover , the scholars can sometimes push back .
Earlier this year , the chairman of the Accounting and Auditing Organisation for Islamic Financial Institutions ( AAOIFI ) , an industry body , excited controversy by criticising a common form of sukuk issuance that guarantees the price at which the issuer will buy back the asset underpinning the transaction , thereby enabling investors ' capital to be repaid .
Such behaviour contravened an AAOIFI standard demanding that assets be bought back at market prices , in line with the sharia principle of risk - sharing .
The sukuk market has enjoyed years of rapid growth ( see chart ) , but early signs are that the AAOIFI judgment has dented demand .
Although Islamic finance has done well to reduce its costs and broaden its product range , it has yet to clear plenty of other hurdles .
Scholars are the industry 's central figures , but recognised ones are in short supply .
A small cadre of 15 - 20 scholars repeatedly crops up on the boards of Islamic banks that do international business .
That partly reflects the role , which demands a knowledge of Islamic law and Western finance , as well as fluency in Arabic and English .
It also reflects the comfort that this handful of recognised names brings to investors and customers .
There are plenty of initiatives to nurture more scholars but for the moment , the stars are pressed for time .
That can be a problem when banks are chasing their verdict on bespoke transactions .
It takes a scholar about a day to wade through the documentation connected with a sukuk issue , for example .
But scholars are not always immediately available .
“ You 've got to have the scholar 's number programmed into your mobile phone and be able to get hold of them , ” says a banker in the Gulf .
“ That is real competitive advantage . ”
Assets are another bottleneck .
The ban on speculation means that Islamic transactions must be based on tangible assets , such as commodities , buildings or land .
Observers say that exotic derivatives in intangibles such as weather or terrorism risk could not have an Islamic equivalent .
But in the Middle East , at least , the supply of assets is limited .
“ Lots of companies in the Gulf are young and do n't have assets such as buildings to use in transactions , ” says Geert Bossuyt of Deutsche Bank .
This limits the scope for securitisation , a modern financing technique that is backed by assets and is thus seen by sharia scholars as authentically Islamic .
There are not enough properties to bundle into securities .
Governments have more assets to play with .
The Indonesians have approved the use of up to $ 2 billion of property owned by the finance ministry in their planned sukuk issuance later this year .
But oil - rich governments in the Gulf have little need to issue debt when they are flush with cash .
That is a problem .
Sovereign debt would establish benchmarks off which other issues can be priced .
It would also add to the depth of the market , which would help solve another difficulty : liquidity .
It may seem odd to worry about liquidity when lots of Muslim countries are flush with cash , but many in Islamic finance put liquidity at the top of their watchlist .
The chief concern is the mismatch between the duration of banks ' liabilities and their assets .
The banks struggle to raise long - term debt .
In a youthful industry , their credit histories are often limited ; they also lack the sort of inventory of assets that corporate sukuk issuers have .
Desert liquidity
As a result , Islamic banks depend on short - term deposit funding , which , as Western banks know all too well , can disappear very rapidly .
“ Lots of assets are generally of longer term than most deposits , ” says Khairul Nizam of AAOIFI .
“ Banks have to manage this funding gap carefully . ”
If there were a liquidity freeze like the one that struck Western banks a year ago , insiders say that the damage among Islamic banks would be greater .
Gillian Blease
There are initiatives to develop a sharia - compliant repo market but for the time being the banks have only limited scope for getting hold of money fast .
Loans and investments roll over slowly .
The lack of sharia - compliant assets and a tendency for Islamic investors to buy and hold their investments have stunted the secondary market .
The shortest - term money - management instruments available today are inflexible .
Cash reserves are high , but inefficient .
Western banks with Islamic finance units , or “ windows ” , are just as troubled by tight liquidity as purely Islamic institutions are : their sharia - compliant status requires them to hold assets and raise funds separately from their parent banks .
There are other sources of danger , too .
Because Islamic banks face constraints on the availability and type of instruments they can invest in , their balance - sheets may concentrate risk more than those of conventional banks do .
The industry 's ability to steer its way through stormy waters is largely untested , although Malaysian banks do have memories of the Asian financial crisis in the 1990s to draw on .
None of these tensions need derail the growth of Islamic finance just yet .
There is plenty of demand , whether from oil - rich investors , the faithful Muslim minorities in Western countries or the emerging middle classes in Muslim ones .
There is lots of supply , in the form of infrastructure projects that need to be financed , Western borrowers looking for capital and ambitious rulers eager to set up their own Islamic - finance hubs .
The industry is innovative ; new products keep expanding the range of sharia - compliant instruments .
And as in conventional finance , the economics of the Islamic kind improve as it gains scale .
But further growth itself contains a threat .
The AAOIFI ruling on sukuk earlier this year neatly captured the contradictory pressures on the industry .
On the one hand , bankers are worried that the narrow enforcement of sharia standards is liable to stifle growth ; on the other some observers fear that Islamic finance is becoming so keen to drum up business that its products , with all their ingenuity , are designed to evade strict sharia standards .
This presents a dilemma .
If the industry introduces too many new products , cynics will argue that sharia is being twisted for economic ends — the scholars are being paid for their services , after all .
But if it fails to innovate , the industry may look too medieval to play a full part in modern finance .
Balancing these imperatives will become even harder as competition grows fiercer .
Anouar Hassoune of Moody's , a credit - rating agency , believes that unscrupulous newcomers could harm the reputation of the entire industry , “ like the space shuttle undone by something the size of a 50 cent coin ” .
Islamic finance serves two masters : faith and economics .
The success of the industry depends on satisfying both , even if the price of that is a bit more inefficiency and a bit less growth .
Dell 's Software License Policy
Dude , you 're getting screwed .
28 Aug 2003
Kat and I just received the Dell Inspiron 5100 notebook we ordered from Dell Canada .
We quickly ran across problems .
I pushed the power button to turn on computer .
I got the Dell POST screen , then a screen from Dell ( Photo ) :
SOFTWARE LICENSES -
Before using your computer , read all of the software license agreements that came with each program that you ordered .
There may be several agreements to examine .
To comply with the terms and conditions of the software license agreements , you must consider any CD or diskette set of Dell - installed software as BACKUP copies of the software installed on your computer 's hard - disk drive .
-
If you did not order Dell - installed software for this computer , or if you do not accept all the terms of the licenses , please call the customer assistance telephone number listed in your system documentation .
Press any key on the keyboard to indicate that you have read all of the software licenses and agree to their terms .
Be Direct TM Dell TM www.dell.com
But there are no license agreements in the box that the computer came in .
[ There are some shrinkwrapped CD containers , but the " Terms and Conditions of Sale ( CANADA ) " that came with the invoice says :
" 7 . Software .
All software is provided subject to the license agreement that is part of the package .
Customer agrees that it will be bound by the license agreement once the package is opened or its seal is broken .
Dell does not warrant any software under this Agreement .
Warranties , if any , for the software are contained in the license agreement that governs its purchase and use . "
I 've never agreed to those Terms and Conditions , to my knowledge , but I assume they think they 're enforceable , so I can't open up the shrinkwrap to see if the license agreements are in there , without automatically agreeing to them . ]
So I called the only Dell number I could find on my documentation ( 1-800-847-4096 ) and spoke to a customer support representative .
I told her what was on the screen , and told her I could n't find the license agreements I 'm required to read and agree to before pressing any key .
She put me on hold while she looked into where the license agreements might be , and eventually transferred me to technical support .
The tech support agent told me her database was down , so she could n't look up anything at all ( I had n't even told her what the problem was yet ) , and I 'd have to call back in an hour .
I call back , and speak to a tech support woman .
She says : " press Tab . "
I explain that I can't without saying I 've read and agreed to documents I do n't have .
She says " press page down " .
Same problem .
She says " scroll down " .
I explain it 's not a Windows screen .
She says " insert any Dell - shipped CD " .
I exlpain the problem of opening the CD packaging .
She insists I have to press a key .
I ask her if she really means that I have to agree to the licenses before it's at all possible that i've read them .
She says " yes " .
I explain that that 's not acceptable , and ask for her supervisor .
Her supervisor insists it 's a Customer Care issue , and not tech support , and that there 's nothing he can do .
He can't explain why they sent me to him .
He enters my info into the call log databse , and I go to call back Customer Care .
So back into the hold queue I go .
I 'm finally connected to a Customer Care representative .
[ Pretty much each sentence in the following was interspersed with long , long times on hold . ]
She looked up the call log to get the background info .
She insists she does n't have copies of the agreements , and that I 'm supposed to go online and look them up myself .
(?!)
She says to use a public computer if I have to .
I ask how to know what companies have software on my disk .
She goes away for a bit , and says she does n't have that information , and there 's nothing they can do .
[ And there 's no supervisor available . ]
She asks why I do n't want to agree to the license .
I explain I have n't * seen * it .
She says " it just says you wo n't copyright any of the files " .
I ignore the mistake , and explain that licensing agreements are long , long documents that say much more than that , and that anyway , the screen says that I have to have * read * it .
Eventually she does manage to connect me to Alan Burley ( Manager , Customer Service ) .
He said he installs things all the time without reading the license agreements .
He says I should just do that .
I ask if he 's really telling me to lie and to agree to legal documents I have n't seen .
He says I do n't have to , but the only thing he can do is take the computer back .
He says that it 's the first time this issue has escalated .
He does manage to tell me what software is on the system , and says I need to go to those companies ' websites to get their agreements .
[ Never mind that I need the OEM version and that 's unlikely to be there . ]
I ask _him_ what if this was my first computer .
He said I would have to go to a library or a friend 's house .
He really could n't send me the agreements that Dell insists I read and agree to before using the computer .
He said he could n't give me his phone number or mailing address , and that he did n't have a boss who could talk to me .
So we 've got nothing left to do but send it back .
He says he 'll send waybills , and will refund the cost of the computer , including the original shipping charge , and wo n't charge a restocking fee .
We will have to pay for the shipping back to the Oakville depot .
I figured we could just run it by there ourselves ( it 's not too far ) , but he said that that 's not possible .
( I do n't understand why .
We 'll probably try , anyway . )
It 's crazy that it came to this .
If they had said * anything * reasonable , we would have been happy to just install Linux on the thing and be done with it .
But they were saying that anyone who uses a Dell laptop ( with this startup screen ) * has * to just lie about having read the licenses , and just blindly agree to them .
That 's unacceptable enough that it 's going back .
It 's also interesting to note that everyone except Mr. Burley assumed that I was talking about a Microsoft screen which included the Windows EULA , until I told them otherwise .
This was a Dell screen , with no EULA , and I 'm surprised that none of these people were aware of its existence .
After all this , we * did * try to boot off a Linux install CD .
That just took us to the same screen as before .
So we had to go into the BIOS so that it would try to boot off the CD before the hard disk , but after we did that , Windows started to boot , without having displayed the " press a key to agree " screen .
We quickly powered the machine down before Windows started .
[ Though now you no longer get the " press a key to agree " screen when you turn it on , even with the BIOS settings back the way they were . ]
This took from around 3 pm to around 8:30 pm today .
I 'm just bewildered that Dell corporate policy is that users need to lie to use their new laptops , and to agree to legal agreements that it 's completely impossible to have read .
This is the next level above " click - through " licenses .
Now , they figure no one reads the EULAs anyway , so why bother even providing a copy ?
Update :
The next day , we emailed michael_dell@dell.com with a summary of the above .
Apparently , that address goes to a crack team of customer service people .
We were called back by a helpful woman who insisted the EULAs were in the box shrinkwrapped and did n't acknowledge the dilemma .
But she nonetheless agreed to take the computer back for a full refund , and even pay for the shipping .
So we did that , and have never considered buying a Dell computer again .
If you want to be notified the next time I write something , sign up for email alerts or subscribe to the RSS feed .
Thanks for reading .
Shareholders lose big in rescue More Videos Lehman Brothers ' stock , which fell another 13.5 % Friday , is down 94 % so far this year .
Shares of insurer AIG have plunged almost 80 % so far in 2008 , as exposure to subprime mortgages has caused billions of dollars in losses .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
After enduring one of the most dramatic days in its history , Wall Street received a climactic jolt on Monday when Lehman Brothers , a 158 - year - old investment bank undermined by bad bets on real estate , said it will file for bankruptcy .
The fall of Lehman followed a wild , three - day scramble by top Wall Street executives and federal regulators who worked around the clock to come up with a solution to a still - unfolding financial crisis .
By the end of the weekend , the Federal Reserve had stepped in to try to calm the markets by announcing plans to loosen its lending restrictions to the banking industry .
A consortium of 10 leading domestic and foreign banks had agreed to create a $ 70 billion fund to lend to troubled financial firms .
And two major financial companies - Bank of America ( BAC , Fortune 500 ) and Merrill Lynch ( MER , Fortune 500 ) - were finalizing a merger while another - American International Group - was reportedly struggling to secure billions of dollars in capital .
But it was the fate of Lehman ( LEH , Fortune 500 ) that gripped Wall Street .
After weeks of speculation about its health , Lehman 's fate took a turn for the worse Sunday when Bank of America and British bank Barclays , both viewed as potential " white knights , " pulled out of deal talks , according to sources .
" This looks like the end , " a Lehman executive , who declined to be identified , told Fortune on Sunday afternoon .
So Bank of America turned to merger talks with Merrill .
By early Monday , the two had announced that BofA had bought Merrill for $ 50 billion in stock .
Hours before Bank of America pulled out , Barclays had abandoned talks to buy Lehman , a source close to the situation told CNNMoney.com .
All the while , top Wall Street officials and federal regulators , who began meeting Friday , spent much of their Sunday at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York in the hopes of devising a plan to save Lehman and allay fears that threatened to roil U.S. financial markets Monday .
The accounting firm of PricewaterhouseCoopers said Monday that three of its partners have been appointed administrators to Lehman 's British operations .
Meanwhile , broader efforts to tackle problems plaguing the industry are underway .
The Federal Reserve announced a series of steps to support the financial markets .
The Fed said it would expand its short - term lending to banks by starting to take all investment - grade debt as collateral - instead of just Treasurys and other high - grade securities .
" The steps we are announcing today , along with significant commitments from the private sector , are intended to mitigate the potential risks and disruptions to markets , " said Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke .
Similarly , a group of 10 commercial and investment banks including , among others , Goldman Sachs ( GS , Fortune 500 ) , Citigroup , Barclays and Morgan Stanley , agreed to pony up $ 7 billion each to create a $ 70 billion lending pool to help troubled institutions .
The measure would also help resolve exposure between Lehman Brothers and its counterparties , the companies said .
Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson , who has led efforts to help get the U.S. housing market and the broader economy back on track , applauded the plan and steps taken by regulators .
" These initiatives will be critical to facilitating liquid , smooth functioning markets , and addressing potential concerns in the credit markets , " Paulson said in a statement .
Yet the last - minute efforts provided little comfort to financial markets around the globe .
As of Sunday evening , U.S. markets were headed for a steep selloff at the start of Monday 's session .
Futures in the Dow Jones industrial average , as well as the broader Nasdaq composite and the Standard & Poor 's 500 were as much as 3 % lower , before paring some of their losses .
Investors already started piling into safe - haven Treasuries as the yield on the benchmark 10 - year note dipped to 3.565 % from 3.72 % late Friday .
That nervousness also spread to the currency markets as the dollar eased against both the euro and the yen .
Adding to those concerns was news that insurance giant AIG ( AIG , Fortune 500 ) planned to unveil a restructuring plan that will include the sale of part of its business to raise cash and boost investors ' confidence , according to a published report .
Investors are also likely to await more data about troubled savings and loan Washington Mutual ( WM , Fortune 500 ) , which sought to provide assurance about capital levels on Thursday .
What could help temper a market selloff is the Bank of America - Merrill deal , said one expert .
" This sort of offsets the Lehman thing , " said Dan Alpert , managing director of the boutique New York City - based investment bank Westwood Capital .
" But the reality is that it is just a short - term impact . "
Lehman dark and light
Still , much of the market 's focus ahead of Monday was on the endgame for Lehman .
The hope was that some solution could be found by early Monday morning in the U.S. - before financial markets open in Europe .
Most Asian markets are closed for a holiday Monday .
But the abandonment of Barclays and Bank of America left Lehman Brothers teetering .
During the afternoon , and adding to the dark cloud hanging over Lehman , the International Swaps and Derivatives Association staged a special trading session so that big brokers could limit their Lehman Brothers risks .
The session was called " to reduce risk associated with a potential Lehman Brothers Holding Inc. bankruptcy , " according to a statement on the ISDA 's Web site .
Lehman - one of the nation 's largest and oldest investment banks - has suffered a dramatic and rapid descent .
Its shares , which sold for as much as $ 67 in the past 12 months , have plummeted 94 % this year and now trade at $ 3.65 .
In the past six months , the company reported $ 6.7 billion in losses due largely to bad bets on real estate .
In its bankruptcy announcement Monday , Lehman said that its board had OK'd the filing " to protect ... assets and maximize value . "
None of Lehman 's broker - dealer subsidiaries will be included in the Chapter 11 petition , the firm 's announcement said .
Lehman said it is trying to sell its broker - dealer business and is in " advanced discussions " to unload its investment management division .
Race against the clock
A source with knowledge of this weekend 's meetings told CNN that representatives of several major financial institutions met with Paulson , Securities and Exchange Commission Chairman Christopher Cox and New York Federal Reserve Bank President Timothy Geithner to discuss Lehman and the volatile state of the financial markets .
On Saturday , several heads of big Wall Street banks , including Merrill Lynch CEO John Thain , were seen entering and leaving the offices of The Federal Reserve Bank of New York .
According to several reports , other financial firms were said to be reluctant to contribute their own funds to help keep Lehman 's more toxic assets afloat without the assurance that the government would backstop Lehman 's bad loans .
However , a source close to the situation told CNN Friday that the Treasury Department was adamantly against using any government money to help finance a takeover , restructuring or bailout of Lehman .
Top banking regulators , including the Federal Reserve , faced heavy criticism from lawmakers following the bailout of Bear Stearns in mid-March .
The Fed helped engineer a fire sale of the firm to JPMorgan Chase ( JPM , Fortune 500 ) , agreeing to put taxpayer funds at risk by guaranteeing $ 29 billion 's worth of potential losses on Bear Stearns ' portfolio .
A chaotic week for Lehman and Wall Street
The talks followed what has been one of the most tumultuous weeks ever on Wall Street .
Things first started to unravel at Lehman Tuesday following reports that talks between the state - run Korea Development Bank , who was rumored to be interested in buying a stake in Lehman , had ended .
That , combined with the threat of a downgrade by some of the credit ratings agencies , led to a bloody sell - off in the firm 's stock .
Hoping to finally put all the rumors to rest , the company released its third - quarter results more than a week in advance on Wednesday , booking a nearly $ 4 billion loss and announcing a drastic restructuring plan .
Investors were unconvinced though and the sell - off in Lehman shares continued , with the stock plunging 42 % on Wednesday .
By Thursday evening , it was widely reported that Lehman was actively seeking a buyer for the entire firm .
The company reportedly reached out to a number of suitors , including Bank of America and Barclays .
Speculation also surfaced Friday that J.C. Flowers & Co. and other private equity firms may bid for all or parts of Lehman .
Current regulatory restrictions prevent buyout firms from owning a bank outright , although the Federal Reserve has eyed loosening those restrictions as bank failures pile up .
But as Friday wore on without any news of a deal , Lehman 's stock wound up falling another 13.5 % .
Shares plunged 77 % over the course of the week , setting the stage for regulators to call upon banking executives to get together Friday night and begin talking about ways to hash out an end to the Lehman crisis .
End of an era for Wall Street icon
Lehman 's bankruptcy marks a bitter coda for one of Wall Street 's oldest and most well - known firms .
Getting its start as a modest cotton - trading firm in Montgomery , Ala. , in 1850 by German immigrant brothers Henry , Emanuel and Mayer Lehman , the firm saw its fortunes rose and fell along with the rest of Wall Street .
After World War II , Lehman 's profile grew as it advised such household American companies as Ford , Campbell Soup and Philip Morris on deals , before expanding overseas into Europe and Asia in the 1960s and 1970s .
The firm also became a breeding ground for high - profile dealmakers .
Both Steve Schwarzman and Pete Peterson , co-founders of the private equity giant Blackstone Group , worked for Lehman in the early 1980s .
But Lehman 's rise was cut short in April 1984 , when the company agreed to be purchased by Shearson / American Express for $ 360 million .
The company emerged independent just seven years later , albeit in much weaker shape than it was before .
It was around that time , however , that CEO Richard Fuld Jr. , assumed the helm at Lehman and the firm went public after splitting off from American Express .
Known for his direct approach and staunch loyalty to the firm , Fuld transformed Lehman in the decade that followed from a lowly bond trading house into a worthy adversary of larger investment banks Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley .
Still there were bumps along the way for the long - time Lehman chief , including the Russian credit crisis and the painful collapse of the hedge fund Long - Term Capital Management in the late 1990s .
Fuld was quick to remind investors of those painful days and subsequent comeback during a conference call Wednesday , just after the company revealed its nearly $ 4 billion third - quarter loss .
" This firm has a history based on adversity and delivering , " said Fuld .
" We have a long track record of pulling together when times are tough . "
But the obstacles Lehman faced this time around proved too tough for Fuld to overcome .
CNN Wires and Fortune 's Roddy Boyd and Telis Demos contributed to this report .
“ Some say Google is God , ” Sergey Brin once said .
“ Others say Google is Satan . ”
The confusion about Google ’s identity may not be quite that Manichean , but it does run deep .
The company , which today celebrates the tenth anniversary of its incorporation , remains an enigma despite the Everest - sized pile of press coverage that has been mounded around it .
People ca n’t even agree what industry it ’s in .
The many businesses that see the young company as an actual or potential competitor include software houses , advertising agencies , telephone companies , newspapers , TV networks , book publishers , movie studios , credit card processors , and Internet firms of all stripes .
If your business involves information , you probably fear ( and admire ) Google .
The sheer breadth of Google ’s influence and activity – just this past week it unveiled its own Web browser , introduced face - recognition software , and shot a satellite into orbit – can easily be interpreted as evidence that it is an entirely new kind of business , one that transcends and redefines all traditional categories .
But while Google is an unusual company in many ways , when you boil down its business strategy , you find that it ’s not quite as mysterious as it seems .
The way Google makes money is straightforward :
It brokers and publishes advertisements through digital media .
More than 99 percent of its sales have come from the fees it charges advertisers for using its network to get their messages out on the Internet .
Google ’s protean appearance is not a reflection of its core business .
Rather , it stems from the vast number of complements to its core business .
Complements are , to put it simply , any products or services that tend be consumed together .
Think hot dogs and mustard , or houses and mortgages .
For Google , literally everything that happens on the Internet is a complement to its main business .
The more things that people and companies do online , the more ads they see and the more money Google makes .
In addition , as Internet activity increases , Google collects more data on consumers ’ needs and behavior and can tailor its ads more precisely , strengthening its competitive advantage and further increasing its income .
As more and more products and services are delivered digitally over computer networks — entertainment , news , software programs , financial transactions —
Google ’s range of complements expands into ever more industry sectors .
That ’s why cute little Google has morphed into The Omnigoogle .
Because the sales of complementary products rise in tandem , a company has a strong strategic interest in reducing the cost and expanding the availability of the complements to its core product .
It ’s not too much of an exaggeration to say that a company would like all complements to be given away .
If hot dogs became freebies , mustard sales would skyrocket .
It ’s this natural drive to reduce the cost of complements that , more than anything else , explains Google ’s strategy .
Nearly everything the company does , including building big data centers , buying optical fiber , promoting free Wi-Fi access , fighting copyright restrictions , supporting open source software , launching browsers and satellites , and giving away all sorts of Web services and data , is aimed at reducing the cost and expanding the scope of Internet use .
Google wants information to be free because as the cost of information falls it makes more money .
There ’s one more twist .
Because the marginal cost of producing and distributing a new copy of a purely digital product is close to zero , Google not only has the desire to give away informational products ; it has the economic leeway to actually do it .
Those two facts — the vast breadth of Google ’s complements , and the company ’s ability to push the price of those complements toward zero — are what really set the company apart from other firms .
Google faces far less risk in product development than the usual business does .
It routinely introduces half - finished products and services as online “ betas ” because it knows that , even if the offerings fail to win a big share of the market , they will still tend to produce attractive returns by generating advertising revenue and producing valuable data on customer behavior .
For most companies , a failed launch of a new product is very costly .
For Google , in general , it ’s not .
Failure is cheap .
But while Google has an odd business model , it ’s not an unprecedented one .
The company it most resembles is , ironically , its archrival , Microsoft .
Just as Google controls the central money - making engine of the Internet economy ( the search engine ) , Microsoft controlled the central money - making engine of the personal computer economy ( the PC operating system ) .
In the PC world , Microsoft had nearly as many complements as Google now has in the Internet world , and Microsoft , too , expanded into a vast number of software and other PC - related businesses – not necessarily to make money directly but to expand PC usage .
Microsoft did n’t take a cut of every dollar spent in the PC economy , but it took a cut of a lot of them .
In the same way , Google takes a cut of many of the dollars that flow through the Net economy .
The goal , then , is to keep expanding the economy .
God or Satan ?
When you control the economic chokepoint of a digital economy and have complements everywhere you look , it can be difficult to distinguish between when you ’re doing good ( giving the people what they want ) and when you ’re doing bad ( squelching competition ) .
Both Google and Microsoft have a history of explaining their expansion into new business areas by saying that they ’re just serving the interests of “ the users . ”
And there ’s usually a good deal of truth to that explanation – though it ’s rarely the whole truth .
Google differs from Microsoft in at least one very important way .
The ends that Microsoft has pursued are commercial ends .
It ’s been in it for the money .
Google , by contrast , has a strong messianic bent .
The Omnigoogle is not just out to make oodles of money ; it ’s on a crusade – to liberate information for the masses – and is convinced of its righteousness in pursuing its cause .
Depending on your point of view as you look forward to the next ten years , you ’ll find that either comforting or discomforting .
This post draws on my article The Google Enigma , which was published last year in Strategy & Business .
Moulitsas notes a staggering 21 point decline in a week .
More here .
On 9/11 , Palin had a 52 - 35 favorable - unfavorable rating .
She now has a 42 - 46 favorable - unfavorable rating .
She went from + 17 to - 4 in a week [ update now - 5 ] .
Kos says this proves that the focus on her constant lying , religious fanaticism , spectacular stupidity , ignorance of basic facts even on energy , total unawareness of and interest in foreign policy and inability to hold a press conference was a strategy worth pursuing .
I agree but not for partisan reasons .
My concern with Palin is merely to expose the truth about her in the face of an historically unprecedented campaign of seclusion , press intimidation and constant , constant lies .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
She 's suing the NHS over delays that forced her to conceive a baby with a donor egg ...
So is Greta Mason honest or just plain selfish ?
With his thatch of dark hair , olive skin and eyes which are already turning brown , newborn Jaden Mason is not - lovely though he is - the blond , blue - eyed infant his mother Greta always dreamed of having .
As she cradles her 8lb 7 oz son , surrounded by congratulations cards , 42 - year - old Greta is clearly besotted with him and insists that whatever fears she might have harboured about bonding with her baby evaporated the second he was placed in her arms .
' As soon as the midwife laid him on my chest I took one look at him and felt a surge of love , ' says Greta , who lives with her husband Chris , 43 , in Worthing , West Sussex .
A family made possible by a donor : Greta Mason with her one - week - old son Jaden
' We waited so long to have a baby that neither Chris nor I can stop marvelling at how beautiful he is . '
It helps that Jaden , conceived via IVF using an anonymous donor egg from Spain and Chris 's sperm , looks just like his father and the couple feel blessed that his safe arrival by emergency Caesarean has ended 13 years of childlessness .
They are a family at last .
So surely Greta must be as contented as the nine - day - old baby slumbering in her arms ?
Well , no , not exactly .
For she still yearns deep down for the baby she believes she should have had , indeed was entitled to have , using her own eggs rather than a donor's .
' I look at Jaden and he is so wonderful that I can't help but wish he is all mine , ' says Greta with disarming honesty , ' so despite my joy at having such a beautiful baby , I can't help but feel bitter I have been cheated out of that and the genetic baby I always thought I 'd have with Chris has n't happened . '
Last week , before Jaden 's birth , Greta announced she was taking the remarkable step of suing her health trust claiming she was denied the right to have her own biological child and forced to conceive using donor eggs because of NHS delays in treating her .
She claimed a barrage of unnecessary fertility tests followed by a six - year wait for treatment meant her eggs were too old to be used in IVF treatment and she could only conceive using a donor .
She described the loss of the chance to have her own flesh and blood baby as ' devastating ' and a ' shattering blow ' and posed the question to herself : can I really love a baby who 's not all mine ?
Her extraordinary and controversial legal action prompted a wave of furious e-mails and letters from readers who accused Greta of being ' ungrateful ' and ' selfish . '
Others expressed concern that she would find it hard to bond with her baby , because he shared none of her characteristics and questioned whether a cash - strapped NHS should be offering free IVF treatment at all if the taxpayer is left open to compensation claims .
Chris and Greta Mason : ' I always dreamed of a baby who would inherit my genes '
This is Greta and Chris 's first interview since the birth of Jaden .
They say they have been wounded by the ' hurtful ' comments made about them and say that their son's arrival , while joyous , has not totally diminished their feelings of bitter regret that Greta will never bear her own genetic child .
They refuse to be cowed by the criticism and say that just because other people may feel uncomfortable , it does n't make what they honestly feel any less real or indeed natural .
' Of course we are overjoyed that Jaden is here , ' says Greta , ' but there is still a twinge of sadness , the niggle that he is not genetically related to me .
It is n't a question of love or feeling that he is not my child .
' Now that he is here I feel that he is totally my baby .
I also love him more than anything - and feel incredibly protective over him as any mother would - but the fact is that I had always dreamed of having a flesh and blood baby who would inherit my genes with my husband .
' I have been reduced to tears by some of the cruel remarks people have made about us .
The most hurtful thing has been those people criticising us saying I should feel grateful for the fact that I have a baby .
' I am incredibly grateful , but it does n't change the way I feel .
I am just being honest about very delicate emotions .
The truth is , this seems to be a taboo subject .
' People are reluctant to talk about these kind of emotions , but I can't believe I am the only mother who has conceived a baby by donor egg who feels this way .
' You can not sweep reality under the carpet and not face up to the fact that a whole part of Jaden 's life is missing .
' For example , we will have no idea of the health issues on his side of the family and I worry about how we will explain his birth to him .
' I am thinking about Jaden .
How will he feel when he understands that although I gave birth to him , I am not his genetic mummy ?
' Will he be upset about the way he is conceived ?
I love him but when he is older , will he love me ?'
Family resemblance : Jaden looks just like his father , Chris
Chris , who works for large transport company , adds : ' It is sad that Greta does n't feel she can say " Oh , look Jaden 's got my nose , " for example , but I tell her Jaden has his own looks , he looks like Jaden .
' But I defy any man who loves his wife to say he is completely happy that he's had to have a baby using another woman 's egg .
When you marry someone it is only natural to want a family with them .
' And while words cannot describe the overwhelming feelings of sheer happiness I feel now to have a son , I feel terribly guilty about the suffering Greta 's had to go through to have my baby . '
Some might regard Greta 's decision to talk so candidly about her disappointment as incredibly brave , while others might consider it selfish .
After all , how will Jaden feel growing up knowing - not just that he was conceived using a donor egg - but more pertinently that his mother would have preferred a genetic child of her own ?
Furthermore is the NHS really to blame for her predicament or is her legal action merely a symptom of our times where women feel they are entitled to their own baby if they want , when they want , and if it does n't happen naturally then through IVF - of which there is no guarantee of success - funded by the taxpayer ?
Greta is at pains to point out that while , for some women , a donor egg is the only way to conceive , for her it was an avoidable option as it was Chris rather than her who suffered the fertility problems .
She argues that had the NHS waiting lists not been so long , her own perfectly healthy eggs could have been used before age deteriorated their quality .
' It annoys me that people seem to automatically assume that it is always the woman 's " fault " when a couple has difficulties having a baby , ' she says , ' but in our case the fertility problem was with Chris , so it seems unfair that I was the one who ended with the baby who is not genetically related to me . '
Life is unfair , as many people can testify , but Greta vehemently believes the NHS should be held accountable , even though , you would have thought , if she 'd been that desperate have her own genetic baby they might have considered going private to begin with .
As it was , they ended up remortgaging ttheir house to pay the £ 15,000 cost of undergoing private IVF treatment using a Spanish donor egg to have the baby they longed for after being told there were virtually none available in the UK .
' In hindsight , we naively trusted the doctors , that they knew what they were doing and there was a reason why we were not a priority case , ' says Chris . '
We did n't try to jump the queue - we waited patiently for the IVF treatment on the NHS .
' However , if someone had told us in the beginning that we would have to wait so long for treatment and then that during that time Greta 's fertility could wane so much , we would have gone privately earlier .
' What is terribly upsetting is people who think because we are suing we must be mercenary people .
' But we are doing this to stop the same mistake happening to someone else - to stop others having to use a donor egg when , if they were brought in for fertility treatment earlier , they could have had their own genetic child .
' There are also hardly any egg donors so surely it is in the interests of the doctors to try to use people 's own eggs and not leave them so long on a waiting list that they become menopausal . '
Married in 1993 , Greta and Chris dreamed of having a family together and they started trying for a baby together two years later when Greta was 29 .
After two years of trying without success , they were referred for fertility tests and in October 1998 initial results indication that Chris 's sperm count was zero .
Further examination demonstrated that he was in fact producing sperm , but mobility was the problem and for it to be used in fertility treatment it would need to be extracted directly to fertilise Greta 's eggs .
The couple now believe they should have undergone ICSI straightaway - a type of IVF where sperm is directly injected into the egg in a test tube and the fertilised embryo then implanted in the womb .
Greta claims that instead of offering this , doctors insisted on a barrage of further medical tests to check her fertility including a laparoscopy - keyhole surgery to check if her uterus was normal and her Fallopian tubes unblocked - even though she had become pregnant in a previous relationship and miscarried .
All tests , which also showed her eggs were healthy , came back normal and the Masons were placed on the NHS waiting list for IVF .
' I yearned for babies , ' admits Greta , ' We had n't even considered accepting that we would always be childless .
I simply could n't see a future without a family . '
It would be four years before they received their first appointment and a further two before they reached top of the list for IVF treatment .
By this time Greta was 40 and was devastated to learn that in the time they had waited , her eggs were too old to be successfully used in IVF .
She insists that at no point did doctors warn her that her fertility would wane as she grew older and she assumed that - because women do have babies in their late 30s and 40s - there would be no problem with her eggs .
' We have since discovered that doctors should have checked my hormone levels to ensure that as I was getting older I did not reach the menopause , but this was n't done , ' claims Greta .
' If these vital hormone tests had been done , the doctors would have had an early warning that my eggs were getting too old and they could have brought us in for IVF treatment earlier . '
Having been told their only hope of conceiving was with a donor egg , they reluctantly decided this was their only chance of having a baby and , discovering a severe shortage of donors in the UK , sought private IVF treatment in Spain .
' There , egg donors are more plentiful because unlike in the UK , donating sperm and eggs is still anonymous , ' says Greta , ' but because fair - haired donors are rarer in Spain , guaranteeing a baby with blue eyes like me would have meant a wait of another year in Spain , so we opted for the next available donor .
' Not ever being a mother was something that was simply too painful to contemplate , so I never gave up hope there would be a child one day , ' she says .
' Just because I am upset I could n't use my own eggs does n't mean I am not incredibly indebted to the woman who donated her eggs .
' I know it is a very painful process to go through and when I think of her , I can only imagine she must be a very loving and caring person to even consider donating .
I only wish that when I had my IVF I could have produced lots of eggs myself because I would have gladly donated them so another couple could have their longed for baby .
' But the fact remains that without that six - year delay we could have been parents a long time ago and we could have had a child that was genetically both ours rather than being forced to pay out for a donor egg . '
Which is why , despite being delighted with their new son , they are continuing their legal action against Worthing and Southlands Hospitals NHS Trust .
In response to the claim a trust spokesperson responded : ' We are aware of the concerns Mrs Mason has regarding the treatment she received while a patient at the trust .
' However , given that they are the subject of an ongoing claim it would not be appropriate for us to comment further . '
For the moment the Masons are adjusting to becoming new parents .
They have several frozen embryos in storage - created at the same time as Jaden - and will with time consider having a full blood brother or sister for their son .
They intend , when the time is appropriate , to tell Jaden the truth about his conception and hope it will not affect his feelings for them .
' The fact that our baby is n't genetically mine raises issues not only for us , but for him .
His donor was anonymous and there will be constant reminders of this in the future , ' says Greta .
' I am sure there are some people who have babies by donor egg or sperm and never tell a soul .
' As it is - it will be my name on his birth certificate and to all intents and purposes I am his mother - but I have to be honest with myself and voice my true feelings .
' It is fantastic to see Chris with his own genetic son .
I know Chris would have ideally liked us to have our own genetic child between us but I could never have denied Chris his own son .
So there are no regrets and no way I would n't have gone ahead , ' says Greta .
' Obviously , now Jaden 's here , we would n't swop him for the world - not for our own genetic baby or any other baby .
' Now I feel so protective of him that I only have to look at him or hear him cry and I want to hold him straightaway .
He 's our child and we love him . '
But will Greta ever stop thinking about the blond , blue - eyed baby she might have had ?
John McCain and the House Republicans have blown up the Paulson - Dodd - Frank compromise -- for that 's what House Republican Whip Roy Blunt says that John McCain did :
Roy Blunt : Everybody else seemed to be rushing for a deal and John McCain came back and said , ‘ Wait a minute , I think the House Republicans have the taxpayers in mind and I ’m with them ’...
Now it 's time to go back to three principles .
There are three options :
Do nothing .
Bailout ( a la Paulson )
Nationalization ( a la Sweden 1992 )
Do nothing was last tried in 1929 - 1932 .
The result was called the Great Depression .
Let 's not do that again .
Let 's decide between bailout and nationalization .
Nationalization has the best chance of avoiding large losses and possibly even making money for the taxpayer .
And it is the best way to deal with the moral hazard problem .
It might work like this .
Congress :
grants the Federal Reserve Board the power to take any financial firm whatsoever with liabilities and capital of more than $ 25 billion that is not well capitalized into conservatorship
requires the Federal Reserve Board to liquidate any financial firm in its conservatorship when it judges that the firm is insolvent ( paying off in full or not paying off in full the liabilities of the firm at its discretion ) , unless
the Federal Reserve Board finds that preservation as a going concern is in the interest of the taxpayer , in which case Congress
grants the Federal Reserve Board the power to transform equity stakes in the firm into junior preferred stock at par value and then transfer ownership and custody of the firm to the Treasury
requires the Federal Reserve to terminate conservatorship if the firm becomes well - capitalized once again .
In addition , Congress :
grants the Treasury the power to issue up to $ 500 billion of troubled asset redemption bonds , the proceeds of which are then to be loaned to the Federal Reserve to be used to cover the liabilities of those liquidated firms that the Federal Reserve judges it is in the interest of the taxpayer to have their liabilities paid off in full .
Paulson had his shot .
It 's time for the Democrats to pass a nationalization in the taxpayers ' interest bill and dare Bush to veto it .
If he does , then announce that the congress will pass it again the day after the election .
And if he vetoes it again , announce that congress will pass it yet again on January 21 , 2009 .
Intro
Linux Day and Ubuntu Intrepid Ibex are coming , many potential new users will try Linux for the first time and a part of them will remain with Windows or ( worse ) will switch to Mac OS X .
If you think " Linux ecosystem " is ready for the masses , You have just to show it !
Ubuntu Killer Apps ( HD ) from grigio.org on Vimeo .
( Go to Vimeo Site to watch it in HD )
Another good video service is Blip.tv , here is the same video .
Screencast what you like
Screencasting on Linux it 's easy , install gtk- recordmydesktop and run it .
Now record what software you like and explain how you use it on every day or choose a topic to help new Linux users in simple tasks .
You can also record video and audio simultaneously with Compiz enabled .
Upload your screencast in High Definition ( HD )
There are a lot of screencast about Linux , Ubuntu , Compiz , .. on YouTube , but this videos are far to be useful for new users , the quality is very low and the writings are n't readeable .
To have a screencast in HD you have to follow the Online Video Service specification and maybe to do some tests .
Vimeo :
It supports HD only in 16:9 , so choose a compatible screen resolution before recording .
screencasting ( ex. 1280x720 ) or adapt your 4:3 screencast to that resolution with Avidemux ( * ) adding black lateral borders .
YouTube : It supports HD but you have to convert ( *) the .ogg video in .mp4 before uploading .
Some Samples
YouTube
YouTube HD ( click on " watch in high quality " )
Vimeo
Vimeo HD
( EXTRA ) Video Editing and Postproduction
If you want to add transition effects , titles or the soundtrack to your video the most usable & stable Video Editor for Linux is Kdenlive .
If you think to edit your audio / video choose 25 fps before recording .
( EXTRA ) Notify keyboard shortcuts and mouse position
It 's possible to print on screen the shortcuts pressed with shortcut - notifier or if you need to hightlight the pointer position enable it in mouse preferencies .
Other Interesting Video Resources
Ubuntu Screencasts
Ubuntu Developers Channel ( Compiz ) FusionCast
Inkscape Tutorials
Grafica professionale con GIMP ( Italian )
Guia Ubuntu ( Spanish )
(*) Avidemux supports many codecs but not .ogg directly .
You can transcode the file.ogg in mp4 with :
mencoder INPUT.ogg - aspect 16:9 - of lavf - lavfopts format=psp - oac lavc - ovc lavc - lavcopts aglobal=1:vglobal=1:coder=0:vcodec=libx264:acodec=libfaac:vbitrate=4500:abitrate=128 -vf scale=1280:720 - ofps 30000/1001 -o OUTPUT.mp4
or
mencoder INPUT.ogg - aspect 4:3 - of lavf - lavfopts format=psp - oac lavc - ovc lavc - lavcopts aglobal=1:vglobal=1:coder=0:vcodec=libx264:acodec=libfaac:vbitrate=4500:abitrate=128 -vf scale=960:720 - ofps 24000/1001 -o OUTPUT.mp4
Thanks to Eugenia
Pass your TK0 - 201 certification with promising success !
We offer you most excellent training resources for 642-973 as well as 350-001 exam .
Mr McCain is preparing for Tuesday 's debate while Mr Obama campaigns US Democratic presidential hopeful Barack Obama has attacked the healthcare plans of Republican rival John McCain at a rally in Virginia .
Speaking to some 18,000 people , Senator Obama described the Arizona senator 's policy as " radical " and warned that millions of people could lose out .
A McCain spokesman rejected the claim , saying it was " a bald - faced lie " .
Meanwhile , Mr McCain 's running mate , Sarah Palin accused Mr Obama of " palling around with terrorists " .
Speaking in Colorado , she was referring to Mr Obama 's association with a former 1960s radical .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Mr McCain has left the campaign trail for Arizona , where he is preparing for Tuesday 's second presidential debate .
Mr Obama 's rally in Virginia came ahead of a Monday deadline for voters to register there and in more than a dozen other states , including Pennsylvania , Michigan , Ohio , Indiana and Florida .
The Obama campaign has signed up singers Bruce Springsteen and Jay - Z to play at events in Philadelphia and Detroit , as well as Ohio State University .
Voter turnout could be key in deciding the outcome of the 4 November presidential election .
Healthcare claims
The Obama campaign launched its attack on Mr McCain 's healthcare proposals with new adverts on TV and radio and leaflets sent to homes in every battleground state .
Mr McCain has proposed tax credits to help more people pay for health insurance , while Mr Obama wants to bring about universal coverage by providing subsidies to make it more affordable .
Record numbers watched Joe Biden and Sarah Palin in the VP debate Speaking at the rally in Newport News , Virginia , Mr Obama said Mr McCain 's promise of tax credits to help pay for health insurance would be paid for by taxing people 's health benefits .
He warned that this would raise costs for employers , leading many to abandon their schemes .
He said : " Study after study has shown , that under the McCain plan , at least 20 million Americans will lose the insurance they rely on from their workplace . "
McCain campaign spokesman Tucker Bounds rejected Mr Obama 's claim as a lie .
" John McCain will improve the tax code so that middle - class pay cheques are n't used to pay government bureaucrats but instead will pay for the access to healthcare Americans deserve , " Mr Bounds said .
Research suggests the tax credit Mr McCain proposes would be more generous than the current tax break , the Associated Press reports .
Opinion polls suggest healthcare is an important issue for voters .
Militant group Mr McCain 's running mate , Alaska Governor Palin , was to campaign in California on Saturday .
Speaking to supporters in Colorado , she attacked Mr Obama over his link to Bill Ayers , a founder of the militant group Weather Underground , which took credit for a number of bombings in the US in the 1960s .
She described Mr Obama as someone who saw the US " as being so imperfect ... he is palling around with terrorists who would target their own country " .
Mr Obama , who served on a charity board with Mr Ayers - now a professor at the University of Illinois - several years ago , has denounced his radical activities .
Commentators say Mrs Palin 's attack forms part of a broader Republican strategy to attack Mr Obama 's character .
The Alaska governor also repeated her wish that the McCain campaign had not this week pulled out of the battleground state of Michigan , effectively conceding it to Mr Obama .
Meanwhile , viewing figures show a record 69.9 m people tuned in to watch Mrs Palin take part in Thursday 's televised vice - presidential debate with Democratic nominee Joe Biden .
That number eclipsed the mark set in 1984 , when 56.7 m people watched Geraldine Ferraro , the only previous female US vice - presidential candidate , go head - to - head with George Bush Senior .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Pharmaceutical companies that advertise their prescription drugs directly to consumers may not be getting as much bang for their buck as they – or their critics – assume .
Such advertisements do little to boost the rate at which doctors prescribe the drugs , a new study finds .
Direct - to - consumer ads have long been a controversial part of pharmaceutical marketing .
Both proponents and opponents assume the ads are effective at increasing prescription rates , with the former arguing the ads benefit society by raising awareness of diseases and their treatments , and the latter arguing they pump up demand for drugs unnecessarily .
However , consumer advertising is usually accompanied by other marketing efforts directly to doctors , making it difficult to tease out the effect of the ads alone .
Enter Michael Law , a health policy researcher at Harvard Medical School in Boston , Massachusetts , who realised that Canada provides a perfect test case .
Advertisement
Language barrier
Doctors throughout Canada receive the same vigorous sales pressure as their American counterparts .
Their English - speaking patients also see direct - to - consumer drug ads on US television stations , which most Canadian households receive .
However , Canadian TV is prohibited from running similar ads , so French - speaking patients should have far less exposure to the ads because of the language barrier , Law reasoned .
He and his colleagues chose three drugs that were widely advertised to consumers in the US and compared prescription rates in predominantly French - speaking Quebec versus in the predominantly English - speaking rest of Canada .
Only one of the three – a treatment for irritable bowel syndrome called Zelnorm – showed any spike in prescription rates in English Canada after ads began in the US , and even this advantage vanished within a few months .
Patient power
“ All of this hoopla about drug advertising on TV might be exaggerated , ” says Stephen Soumerai , a health - policy researcher at Harvard Medical School , who also worked on the project .
The evidence suggests that advertising to consumers does little to increase the sales of most drugs , perhaps because consumers must go through their doctors to get a prescription rather than just going to a shop , as with most products advertised to consumers .
While it is important not to generalise too far from a study of just three drugs , Law ’s result might indicate that television advertising of drugs is losing its punch in an era where patients are inundated with information from news media and the internet , says David Henry , CEO of the Institute for Clinical Evaluative Sciences , a health services research institute in Toronto , Canada .
“ Maybe we just have to accept that consumers are going to take more control , ” says Henry .
Journal reference : British Medical Journal ( DOI : 10.1136/bmj.a1055 )
Keith was visibly upset after the GOP ran their 9/11 " tribute " ad during last week 's convention .
Tonight , that outrage manifested itself in yet another scathing Special Comment aimed at John McCain and the rest of the 9/11 exploiting GOPers .
Download Download
But 9/11 has become …... a brand name .
A Republican campaign slogan .
Propaganda of the lowest form .
Most important of all , remembrance of the dead .
This is supposed to be a day of remembrance .
Remembrance of the attack , remembrance of the national unity which followed it .
FLASHBACK : Keith 's 2006 Special Comment from Ground Zero .
Full transcript below the fold :
This is supposed to be a day of remembrance .
Remembrance of the attack , remembrance of the national unity which followed it .
Most important of all , remembrance of the dead .
But 9/11 has become …... a brand name .
A Republican campaign slogan .
Propaganda of the lowest form .
9/11 has become … 9/11 ** with a trademark logo .**
9/11 ( ** TM** ) has sustained a president who long ago should have been dismissed , or impeached .
It has kept him and his gang of financial and constitutional ** crooks * * in office without - literally - any visible means of support .
9/11 ( ** TM ** ) has made possible the greatest sleight - of - hand in our nation 's history .
The political party in office at the time of the attacks , at the local , state and national levels , the party which ** uniformly * * ignored the warnings -- and the presidential administration already through twenty percent of its first term and no longer wet behind the ears -- have not only thus far escaped any ** blame * * for the malfeasance and criminal neglect that allowed the attacks to occur , but that presidency and that party , have managed to make it seem as if the ** other ** political party would be solely and irredeemably responsible for any similar catastrophe in the future .
Thus , Senator McCain , were you able to accomplish a further inversion of reality at your party 's nominating convention last week .
There was the former Mayor of the City of New York -- the one who took ** no counter - terrorism measure ** in his seven years in office between the first attack on the World Trade Center , and the second attack .
Nothing , except to insist -- despite all advice and warning - that his Emergency Command Center be moved directly ** into ** the World Trade Center .
Yet there was this man , Sir - Rudolph Giuliani -- quite succinctly dismissed as " A Noun , a Verb , and 9/11 , " and repudiated even by Republican ** voters * * -- transformed into the keynote speaker , Senator McCain -- at ** your ** convention .
And his childish , squealing , braying , Tourette 's - like repetition of 9/11 ( ** TM ** ) , was greeted not as conclusive evidence that he is consumed by massive guilt - hard - earned guilt , in fact - but rather as some kind of political tour - de - force , an endorsement of your Vice Presidential nominee , a rookie governor -- a facile and slick con artist .
The blind endorsing the bland , to a chorus of 9/11 ( ** TM ** ) , 9/11 (** TM** ) , 9/11 (** TM .**)
Your ringing mindless cheer of " We've Kept You Safe Since Then " ...
While nobody asks " does n't ** then ** count ? "
All of this , sadistically disrespecting the dead of New York , and Washington , and Shanksville …
** Endorsed ** , Senator McCain …
** Exploited ** , Senator McCain …
** Trademarked , ** Senator McCain … by ** you .**
And yet of course ** the** exact moment in which Senator McCain 's Republicans showed the nation exactly how far they have fallen from the Better Angels of Mr. ** Lincoln's * *
Nature , came the ** next ** night .
The television networks were told that the Convention would pause , early in the evening , when ** children * * could still be watching , for a 9/11 ** Tribute * * , and they were encouraged to broadcast it .
What we got was not a tribute to the ** dead ** of 9/11 , nor even a tribute to the responders , or the singularity of purpose we all felt .
The Republicans gave us sociological pornography … a virtual ** snuff film **.
Years ago , responsible television networks , to the applause of the nation , and the relief of its mental health authorities , voluntarily stopped showing the most graphic of the images of the World Trade Center , except with the strongest of warnings .
And yet , the Republicans , at their convention , having virtually seized control of the cable news operations , showed ... the worst of it .
This is ** all ** anyone with a conscience can show you of what the Republicans showed you .
The actual collapse of the smoking towers .
A fleeting image of what might have been a victim leaping to his death from a thousand feet up .
And something new .
From this angle , ground - level , perfectly framed , images -- of the fireball created when the second plane hit the second tower .
It was terrifying .
After all its object ** was **… to ** terrify .**
Not to commemorate , not to call for unity , not to remember the dead .
But to terrify .
To open again the horrible wounds , to brand the skin of this nation with the message -- as hateful as the terrorists ' own -- that you must vote Republican or this will happen again and you will die …
And just in case that was ** not ** enough , to also dishonestly and profanely ** conflate * * 9/11 with the 1979 ** Irahn ** Hostage Crisis -- to stoke the flames of paranoia about ** another * * Middle Eastern Nation .
This ** was ** a 9/11 Tribute .
Not to the dead , nor to the unity .
But a tribute to how valuable 9/11 has been as a political tool for the Republican Party .
9/11 ... (** TM .**)
Senator McCain , you had promised us a ** clean * * campaign .
You could be Snow - White the rest of the way , Sir , yet that manipulative videotape from ** your ** convention should tar you always in the minds of decent Americans .
And still , as this seventh 9/11 …(** TM ** ) … approaches -- that , Sir , is not the worst of your contributions to the utter politicizing of a day that should be sacrosanct to all of us .
Hard to believe , but the Senator has done worse with 9/11 and the evil behind it .
We heard it last week in Minnesota … we 've heard it off and on since January …
But Senator McCain said it most ** concisely ** in June .
" Look , " he said .
" I know the area , I 've been there , I know wars , I know how to win wars , and I know how to improve our capabilities so that we will capture Osama bin Laden -- or put it this way , bring him to justice .
We will do it .
I know how to do it . "
Senator McCain seems to be quite serious -- that he and he alone -- not the CIA , nor the U - S Military , nor the current President -- can capture Bin Laden .
Thus we must take him at his word , that this is no mere ludicrous campaign boast .
We must assume Senator McCain truly believes he is capable of doing this , and has ** been ** capable of doing this , since last January .
" We will capture Osama bin Laden … we will do it .
I know how to do it . "
Well then , Senator ... you 'd better go and ** do it **... ** had n't ** you ?
Because , Sir , if a man or woman in this nation , Democrat or Republican , had a clear and effective means of capturing or killing Osama Bin Laden …
If that person had been advertising his claim , Senator … for ** eight ** months …
But if that person not only refused to go to responsible authorities in government and ** advise ** them of this plan to catch Bin Laden , but further announced he would not even begin to ** enact * * this secret plan to corral the world 's most hated man… until the end of ** next * * January …
What would be ** your ** description of such an individual , Senator ?
Charlatan ?
** Do-nothing **?
** Opportunist **?
Senator McCain , if you have -- if you have ** had ** -- a means of capturing Osama Bin Laden , and you do not immediately ** inform * * some responsible authority of the full scope of that plan , you are to some degree great or small …
** aiding and abetting ** Osama Bin Laden .
If you could assist in ** capturing * * him now , Senator McCain , but you have chosen not to … you , Sir , have helped ...
Osama Bin Laden ... stay ** free .**
** Free ** to inspire and supervise the terrorists .
** Free * * to plan or execute attacks here .
** You ** , Sir , are ** blackmailing * * some portion of the American electorate into voting for your party , by promising to help in the capture of Bin Laden … ** only * * if you are made president !
I 'd rather win an election than catch Bin Laden !
No more cynical calculation has ever been made in this nation 's history , Sir .
If you ** lose ** the election , Senator , are you ** not ** going to tell the President - Elect ?
Are you intending to keep this a ** secret ** until the next election and your party 's next nominee ?
Senator , as you and your Republicans shed your phony , crocodile , opportunistic tears tomorrow on 9/11 ** TM ** , in front of the utterly disingenuous banner " Country First " … .
The ** fact ** is , you have shown that it is ** John McCain * * first , and the country ** last .**
The ** fact ** is , Sir , by ** holding out ** on your secret plan to catch Bin Laden ...
By searing those images into our collective wounded American psyche at your nomination last week ...
Terrorists are not what you , John McCain , ** fight **.
Terrorists ... are what you , John McCain , **use .**
Good night , and good luck .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Government mail carriers would deliver emergency supplies of antibiotics to people in U.S. cities in the case of an anthrax attack , U.S. Department of Health and Human Services officials said on Wednesday .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
The system has been tested in three large cities -- Seattle , Philadelphia and Boston -- and a pilot program is set to begin soon in the Minneapolis - St. Paul area in Minnesota .
HHS Secretary Mike Leavitt said there was no evidence any attack was imminent but that it was important for authorities to have a quick distribution system ready .
The U.S. Postal Service carriers who would bring the antibiotics from door to door all would be volunteers who would have advance supplies of antibiotics to protect themselves and their families , officials said .
Attacks involving anthrax - laced letters in the United States in 2001 killed five people , including two U.S. Postal Service workers from a facility in Washington , D.C. , and made 13 sick .
Thousands were given antibiotics to prevent disease .
The letter carriers would deliver thousands of doses of doxycycline , an antibiotic that can treat anthrax infection as well as some causes of pneumonia and Lyme disease .
Anthrax infections can affect the skin and gastrointestinal system and are easily treated if caught early .
But if spores are inhaled , the symptoms are difficult to diagnose and by the time a patient is really sick , it is often too late to save him with antibiotics .
SILENT INFECTION
After the 2001 attacks more than 10,000 people took antibiotics to prevent infection in case they were exposed to the spores , which infect the lungs .
The drugs they took included Bayer AG ’s ciprofloxacin , or Cipro , doxycycline and other antibiotics .
Following any new attacks , the mail carriers would be escorted by local police as they deliver supplies of a few days ’ worth of antibiotics directly to residences throughout an affected community , Leavitt said .
“ The intentional release of anthrax spores is one of the most significant biological threats we face , ” Leavitt said .
“ We have stockpiled millions of doses of antibiotics -- enough to meet the needs of several large cities .
But terrorists attack without warning , and many people could fall ill from inhalation anthrax before we get them the stockpiled drugs , ” Leavitt added .
William Raub , science advisor to Leavitt , cited as one possible scenario an attack using a crop- dusting airplane dumping anthrax spores over a city .
He said authorities would like to have at least half of the letter carriers in a given city take part in the scheme .
They would deliver a bottle of pills and a fact sheet on anthrax .
In Minneapolis and St. Paul , authorities will contact about 700 mail carriers to see if they would be willing to volunteer .
Officials said more cities could be added starting next year , but none has been selected yet .
“ We have found letter carriers to be the surest way of getting pills to whole communities of people anywhere in the country , ” Leavitt said .
After they undertook the initial deliveries , public health authorities would set up centers to resupply the community with antibiotics .
Advertisements
We can talk about who had the best lines or zingers all night , but a major subtheme of this debate was the question of Barack Obama ’s readiness to be president .
Obama held his own in foreign policy .
McCain was a little subpar , but Obama won tonight by looking like a president .
Throughout the entire foreign policy portion of the debate McCain kept referring to Obama as naïve , or saying that he did n’t understand the issues .
This is the same argument that followers of this election heard out of Hillary Clinton consistently in the primaries .
For Obama , the goal was to simply hold his own and convince voters that he can handle the job .
Both of the candidates reverted back to much of their stump speech material .
All of the stories that McCain told during the debate he had used either in previous debates or on the campaign trail , while Obama ’s comments about the economy also have been used on the stump .
This debate tonight was supposed to be McCain ’s turf , but McCain did n’t blow Obama out .
Obama was very prepared , while McCain was stuck in the past .
McCain at various times went back anywhere from 20 - 40 years , and his position on Russia sounded straight out of the Cold War .
Advertisements
Most of all , while Americans are worried about the economy , John McCain is still arguing the value of the surge and the war in Iraq .
McCain did n’t lay out a forward thinking foreign policy .
Instead , he seemed content to look backwards as a way forwards .
Tonight , John McCain was less the maverick and more a garden variety generic Republican .
Obama was sharp and prepared tonight , but his style is not one of direct personal attack , and in some ways this hurt him , especially on the economic discussion , Obama really did n’t close the deal .
Obama won this debate by looking like a leader and presidential .
Obama did n’t need to score points on the issues .
He needed to assure people that he is ready to be president , and in this respect , the evening was a huge victory for the Democrat .
Obama did n’t give the impression of inexperience , or look overmatched on the big stage .
The biggest concern most voters have with Obama is his experience .
If Obama can ease those concerns , he will have taken a big step towards the presidency .
The bottom line about tonight ’s debate is the Obama looked like a president , and McCain looked angry .
Seriously , she 's had all the " help " she can take .
That said , does this give us some insight into the Bush years ?
Do some conservatives simply underestimate the task of government ?
Does this explain the " she 's just like me ! " thing ?
Is the idea that running a business is hard , but any fool can run a government ?
Also she follows this up with another foible about McCain .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Just when we thought playgrounds were accident - proof -- no more merry - go - rounds , high slides , jungle gyms , seesaws or pretty much anything that 's fun -- it turns out that safety itself can be dangerous .
A recent heat wave in New York exposed a new playground risk :
The ubiquitous rubber safety matting gets hot , not as hot as McDonald 's coffee , but hot enough to scald tender feet .
The outrage was immediate .
" Playgrounds should be designed with canopies , " one park - safety advocate declared .
" How many burn cases will it take , " ...
Here is the text of the Fed ’s press release and the separate SEC statement out late Sunday .
Federal Reserve Board announces several initiatives to provide additional support to financial markets , including enhancements to its existing liquidity facilities The Federal Reserve Board on Sunday announced several initiatives to provide additional support to financial markets , including enhancements [… ]
To enjoy our complete interactive experience , please download a free copy of the latest version of Adobe Flash Player here .
The version of Adobe Flash Player required to view this interactive has not been found .
To enjoy our complete interactive experience , please download a free copy of the latest version of Adobe Flash Player
HOUSTON -- U.S. gasoline prices have skidded 22 % from their highs and may fall further as the economy slows and as refinery operations disrupted by hurricanes return to normal .
A gallon of regular gasoline cost on average $ 3.206 a gallon on Monday , according to AAA 's Fuel Gauge Report .
Since hitting a peak of $ 4.114 on July 17 , prices in many places have slid below $ 3 a gallon .
Just ...
Most people know that the Olympics started out in Ancient Greece , but did you know that back then the athletes competed in the nude ?
( Though technically , they could wear penis restraints - yes , you read that right ) .
Or that one of the games was an ancient form of mixed martial arts ?
Or that a chef won the very first Olympic games ?
To help celebrate the 2008 Summer Olympic Games , we 'll posts some neat facts about the Olympics , starting with this one : 10 Fascinating Facts About the Ancient Olympic Games :
1. Ancient Olympic Athletes Competed in the Nude
Milo of Kroton , one of the greatest Ancient Olympic champion .
He won
the wrestling event 6 times , over the span of 34 years !
( Source )
Yes , that 's right - ancient Olympic sportsmen ( all men , by the way ) ran , wrestled , and fought buck naked .
The ancient Greeks had a tradition of doing things nude ( they walked around in the buff in the bedroom and at parties called sympsia* , and they exercised without any clothes on ) - indeed , the word gymnasium came from the Greek word gymos , which means " naked . "
Why naked ?
Well , to appreciate and celebrate the male physique , of course , and as a tribute to the gods .
Participants regularly anointed themselves with olive oil to enhance their looks ... and to keep the skin smooth !
In the sixth century , there was an actually attempt to make athletes wear loincloths , but this proved to be unpopular and soon afterwards nudity regained its status as fashion in athletics .
* Great trivia for the next time you 're in a boring symposium : the original symposium is a nude drinking party ( sympotein is Greek for " to drink together " ) , complete with courtesans ( basically sophisticated prostitutes ) .
2. The Prudes Wore Penis Restraints
Did I say all athletes competed naked in the Ancient Olympics ?
Silly me - actually , not all of them were naked .
Some wore a kynodesme ( literally a " dog leash " ) , a thin leather thong used as a penis restraint :
[ The kynodesme ] was tied tightly around the part of the foreskin that extended beyond the glans .
The kynodesme could then either be attached to a waist band to expose the scrotum , or tied to the base of the penis so that the penis appeared to curl upwards .
3. A Chef Won the Very First Olympic Games
The very first recorded Ancient Olympic Games took place in 776 BC .
The event was a stadion race ( a foot race equivalent to a 190 - m or 208 - yard dash ) .
The winner was a humble baker from the Greek city state of Elis named Coroebus ( also spelled Koroibos ) .
For the first 13 games , the stadion race was the only competition .
At the 14th Ancient Olympic Games , a double race was added .
4. ... and He Won ... An Olive Branch !
An Olympionike or a winner of an event receiving an olive wreath and red ribbons
( Epiktetos Painter , 520 - 510 BC - from mlahanas.de )
Yup - that 's because the Ancient Olympic Games did n't have any medals or prizes .
Winners of the competitions won olive wreaths , branches , as well as woolen ribbons .
Oh , that and the all important honor .
They did , however , come home as heroes - and got showered with gifts there .
Many victors subsequently used their fame to endorse products and to get paid posing for sculptures and drawings ( just like today , huh ? )
5 . More than Just Running : Wrestling and Boxing Added to the Ancient Olympics
Tired of all the running , a new game of wrestling ( called pale ) was added to the 18th Olympics in 708 B.C .
Greek wrestling was a bit more fun than your regular high school wrestling .
For one , submission holds were allowed ( actually , they were encouraged ) and that a referee could punish an infraction by whipping the contestant with a stick until the undesirable behavior stopped !
Later , pygme / pygmachia or Ancient Greek boxing was added .
Now , some historian believed that boxing was originally developed in Sparta .
Being the original tough guys , Spartans believed that helmets were unnecessary in battle .
Instead , they boxed themselves in the face to prepare for battles !
In the Ancient Olympics , there were no rounds - boxing was done when a fighter was knocked out cold ( if the fight lasted too long , then they each took turn punching each other in the head until one collapsed ) .
6. Pankration : Ancient Greek Mixed Martial Arts
In this Pankration scene , the pankriatiast on the right is trying to gouge his opponent 's eye and the ref is about to beat the living tar out of him with a stick
( Photo : Jastrow [ Wikimedia ] )
If you think that Ancient Greek boxing was violent , it 's more like knitting when compared to pankration , the ancient form of mixed martial arts .
How violent was pankration ?
Let 's just say that there were only two rules : no eye gouging and no biting ( the referees carried sticks to beat those who violated the rules ) .
Everything else - including choke holds , breaking fingers and neck - was legit .
There was no weight division or time limits : the fight continued until a combatant surrendered , lost consciousness , or died .
In 564 BC , Arrhachion of Philgaleia was crowned the pankration victor ... even after he had died :
Arrhachion 's opponent , having already a grip around his waist , thought to kill him and put an arm around his neck to choke off his breath .
At the same time he slipped his legs through Arrhachion 's groin and wound his feet inside Arrhachion 's knees , pulling back until the sleep of death began to creep over Arrhachion 's senses .
But Arrhachion was not done yet , for as his opponent began to relax the pressure of his legs , Arrhachion kicked away his own right foot and fell heavily to the left , holding his opponent at the groin with his left knee still holding his opponent 's foot firmly .
So violent was the fall that the opponent 's left ankle was wrenched from his socket .
The man strangling Arrhachion ... signaled with his hand that he gave up .
Thus Arrhachion became a three - time Olympic victor at the moment of his death .
His corpse ... received the victory crown .
( Source )
Lastly , just to prove that they 're bad asses , the ancient Greeks then decided to start a pankration event for the paides or youth ( boys aged 12 to 17 ) Olympic games !
7. The Olympic Games Were n't the Only One
Those Greeks sure did love their sports !
The Ancient Olympic games were actually just a part of four sports festival called the Panhellenic Games :
- The Olympic Games , the most important and prestigious game of them all , was held in honor of Zeus every four years near Elis .
- Pythian Games was held every four years near Delphi in honor of Apollo
- Nemean Games was held every two years near Nemea , in honor of Zeus
- Isthmian Games was held every two years near Corinth , in honor of Poseidon
The games were arranged in such a way that there was one going on ( almost ) every year .
8. Heraea : Ancient Olympics for Women
Married women were banned at the Ancient Olympics on the penalty of death .
The laws dictated that any adult married woman caught entering the Olympic grounds would be hurled to her death from a cliff !
Maidens , however , could watch ( probably to encourage gettin ' it on later ) .
But this did n't mean that the women were left out : they had their own games , which took place during Heraea , a festival worshipping the goddess Hera .
The sport ?
Running - on a track that is 1/6th shorter than the length of a man 's track on the account that a woman 's stride is 1/6th shorter than that of a man's !
The female victors at the Heraea Games actually got better prizes : in addition to olive wreaths , they also got meat from an ox slaughtered for the patron deity on behalf of all participants !
Overall , young girls in Ancient Greece were n't encouraged to be athletes - with a notable exception of Spartan girls .
The Spartans believed that athletic women would breed strong warriors , so they trained girls alongside boys in sports .
In Sparta , girls also competed in the nude or wearing skimpy outfits , and boys were allowed to watch ( to encourage gettin ' it on later marriage and procreation ) .
( Photo : Sikyon.com )
9. Ancient " Computer " Used to Set Olympics Date
In 1901 , a Greek sponge diver discovered the wreck of an ancient cargo ship off the coast of the Antikythera island .
One of the item recovered was an ancient mechanical computer that became known as the Antikythera mechanism .
Scientists estimated that it was created in 150 to 100 BC
For over a hundred years , scientists debated the true purpose of the Antikythera mechanism and marveled at the intricacies of the device ( mind you , the mechanical clock did n't appear in the West until about a thousand years later ) .
Recently , scientists believed that they 've finally cracked the mystery :
Tony Freeth , a member of the Antikythera Mechanism Research Project , said he was " astonished " at the discovery .
" The Olympiad cycle was a very simple , four - year cycle and you do n't need a sophisticated instrument like this to calculate it .
It took us by huge surprise when we saw this .
" But the Games were of such cultural and social importance that it 's not unnatural to have it in the Mechanism . " ( Source )
10 . Christianity Killed the Ancient Olympics
The Romans , who conquered Greece , viewed the Olympics as a pagan festival .
So , in AD 393 , Roman Emperor Theodosius I banned the Ancient Olympics in part to institute Christianity as a state religion .
The Olympics was no more ... until it was revived 1,500 years later in 1896 .
While any vegetable can be frozen , not all should be frozen .
Veggies with high water content are n't suited for freezer storage .
Because you can freeze and thaw most other vegetables without sacrificing flavor or texture , you may find it 's easiest to remember which veggies can't be stored in the freezer -- it 's a much shorter list .
Vegetables to Freeze
Most vegetables can be frozen .
Broccoli , carrots , peppers , zucchini -- the list goes on .
Leafy greens like kale and spinach freeze nicely , too .
Think of the contents of your grocery store 's freezer cases .
If you 've seen a vegetable there , you can bet it will keep nicely in your own freezer .
Vegetables Not to Freeze
Juicy , watery veggies turn to soggy mush after being frozen .
Keep cucumbers , lettuce , cabbage , radishes , sprouts and celery out of your freezer .
Tomatoes can be frozen whole or cubed , but you wo n't want to eat them raw later on .
Either cook tomatoes down to puree before freezing them , or plan to cook them down in sauces or soups later .
Whole potatoes should not be frozen either , as the texture turns grainy and mushy upon thawing .
You can freeze mashed potatoes in airtight containers .
Prepping Vegetables
Freezing should n't decrease the quality and flavor of vegetables , but it wo n't increase them either .
Only freeze veggies that are tender and fresh enough to eat raw .
Wash vegetables thoroughly and cut away any blemishes .
Cut vegetables into chunks .
Vegetables should be blanched , or briefly cooked in boiling water , before they 're frozen .
This process kills enzymes that would otherwise cause the veggies to lose flavor .
To blanch , submerge vegetables in a pot of boiling water .
Fill a bowl with ice and water .
When the veggies are done , use a strainer to scoop them out of the boiling water and into the ice water to stop them from cooking .
Different vegetables require different amounts of blanching time , but most only need about 2 to 3 minutes in the boiling water .
The larger the vegetable , the longer time it needs ; for instance , a small ear of corn on the cob needs to be blanched for about 7 minutes .
After putting the vegetables into the water , wait for it come to a boil again before starting a timer .
Dry cooled vegetables on paper towels .
Pack them in food storage bags made for freezing , pushing out any excess air before sealing the bags .
Label each bag with the date .
Timing
Posted on August 25 , 2008 in Images
Enjoy what you see ?
Subscribe to Prose Before
Hos via email or via RSS feed .
See Also : Taking Back The Campaign Nominee , POWnding it into the ground , So What About You , John McCain ? , Rich on “ Change ” , Exxon John “ McCain ” , McCain Rattles Off His Homes , and John McCain ’s Houses : Senile , or filthy rich ?
… Both !
[ tags ] john mccain , george bush , the hug , vote obama , 2008 , john mccain hugging george bush , embarrassing , maverick , george bush love [ / tags ]
Bankruptcy also represents a bad end to Chief Executive Dick Fuld 's four - decade career at Lehman .
Fuld , who piloted the investment bank through prior crises with aplomb , was widely seen as too slow to recognize Lehman 's need to raise capital and shed bad assets .
Watch a discussion of Lehman on video at left .
At the end of August , Lehman had $ 600 billion of assets financed with just $ 30 billion of equity .
Having so little capital meant that a 5 percent decline in assets would wipe out the value of the company , which investors saw as a real risk due to the company 's billions of dollars of mortgage securities .
" Lehman decided to play chicken with the market and they lost , " James Ellman , portfolio manager at hedge fund Seacliff Capital , said late on Sunday .
In its Chapter 11 filing , Lehman named Citibank and Bank of New York Mellon as trustees for about $ 138 billion of senior Lehman bonds .
It said Citi's Hong Kong affiliate had made a $ 275 million bank loan to Lehman .
Among Lehman 's other unsecured creditors are Japanese banks Aozora Bank , Mizuho Financial Group Inc , Shinsei Bank and UFJ Bank .
France 's BNP Paribas is also on Lehman 's list of its 30 largest unsecured creditors .
The firm said that as of May 31 , it owed about $ 110.5 billion on account of senior unsecured notes , $ 12.6 billion on account of subordinated unsecured notes , and $ 5 billion on account of junior subordinated notes .
Lehman also disclosed that it owned stakes of 10 percent or more in a number of companies , including Imperial Sugar Co , Lpath Inc , Derma Services , Flagstone Reinsurance , GLG Partners , Ronco Corp , Pacific Energy Partners , Blount International , Pemstar Inc and Transmontaigne Inc .
The investment bank , once the fourth - largest in the United States , had hoped to raise capital by selling off a stake in its investment unit , and use that capital as well as other funds to spin off some of its toxic assets to shareholders .
But that plan did not satisfy investors , who punished Lehman 's share price , or rating agencies , who pressed the company to find a stronger partner .
Lehman said the uncertainty , particularly among banks through which it clears securities trades , ultimately made it impossible for it to continue to operate its business .
The bankruptcy filing comes after a weekend of heated negotiations among regulators and Wall Street firms about Lehman 's fate .
The U.S. government refused to backstop Lehman 's worst assets the way it backstopped Bear Stearns Cos Inc 's sale to JPMorgan Chase .
Government officials told banks to support Lehman or else be prepared for more investment banks to lose investor confidence and fail .
But prospective bidders refused to buy Lehman without government support , people briefed on the matter said .
In the end , Lehman was allowed to fail , and Bank of America Corp agreed to buy what was seen as the next weakest U.S. investment bank , Merrill Lynch & Co Inc .
For many of Lehman 's 26,000 employees the outlook is likely to be gloomy , with job losses expected to be substantial even if significant parts of the business can be sold .
At Lehman 's headquarters in midtown Manhattan on Sunday afternoon , men dressed in suits came and went , while some employees entered the building with what appeared to be empty duffel bags , then left with them full .
Others emerged with accordion files , binders stuffed with papers and full valises .
On Sunday night , hundreds of Lehman employees were still in the office to clear their desks and pack personal belongings , according to an employee .
Many opted to say their farewells with one last office soiree .
" We are having pizza and beer , " the employee said .
" I guess times are tough and we 've got to face the music , " said a Lehman banker in London .
" Everyone is worried about their job -- it 's inevitable . "
Markets are likely to be wary of what is ahead .
Bankruptcy is a long , complex process where almost everything is done out in the open , as opposed to the veil of secrecy Wall Street uses to conduct deals .
" This is n't a manufacturer or retailer ... so we do n't have a very rich track record about how the issues will be addressed , and the classic signposts just are n't there , " the American Bankruptcy Institute 's Williams said .
" Once the company goes into bankruptcy , this is going to be an opportunity to look under the hood , and we might not like what we see . "
— Reuters and the Associated Press contributed to this story
Planet Python
Last update : September 30 , 2020 04:47 AM
UTC
September 29 , 2020
# 440 – SEPTEMBER 29 , 2020
View in Browser »
Python for Kids
In this ten part series , senior software engineer Kevin Thomas presents a kid- friendly comprehensive Python development tutorial utilizing a micro: bit development board .
The GitHub repo contains all of the sample code as well as links to each tutorial in the series on Linked In .
The first seven parts are published and the last three are coming soon !
KEVIN THOMAS
PEP 638 : Syntactic Macros
This brand new PEP , which is still in draft mode , proposes adding support for syntactic macros to Python .
Syntactic macros are compile - time functions that extend the language ’s syntax without adding any new complexity to the language as a whole .
MARK SHANNON
The Real Python Podcast – Episode # 28 : Using Pylance to Write Better Python Inside of Visual Studio Code A big decision a developer has to make is what tool to use to write code ?
Would you like an editor that understands Python , and is there to help with suggestions , definitions , and analysis of your code ?
For many developers , its the free tool , Visual Studio Code .
This week on the show , we have Savannah Ostrowski , program manager for the Python Language Server and Python in Visual Studio .
We discuss Pylance , a new language server with fast , feature - rich language support for Python in VS Code .
REAL PYTHON
Python 3.9
Is Around the Corner On October 5 , about one year since the initial realease of Python 3.8 , Python 3.9 will officially be released .
This release contains interesting new features , and some significant removals from the language .
JOHN COGGESHALL
Discussions
Is Python the Most Enjoyable Language ?
Does your definition of “ enjoyable ” allow for some occasional bashing - head - against - table moments ?
REDDIT
Python Jobs
Tatari , Inc .
1 Point21 Interactive
Kelly Services
Cybercoders
More Python Jobs >>>
Articles & Tutorials
Interactive Data Visualization in Python With Pygal Pygal is an overlooked library for creating interactive plots that can be turned into SVGs with an optimal resolution for printing or displaying on webpages .
Learn how it works in this introductory tutorial .
SARA METWALLI
Understand Django : Anatomy of an Application Django applications are core structural elements of a Django project .
In the latest addition to his “ Understanding Django ” series , Matt Layman explores how Django applications are composed and how to use them effectively .
MATTLAYMAN.COM • Shared by Matt Layman
The Python return Statement : Usage and Best Practices
In this step - by - step tutorial , you ’ll learn how to use the Python return statement when writing functions .
Additionally , you ’ll cover some good programming practices related to the use of return .
With this knowledge , you ’ll be able to write readable , robust , and maintainable functions in Python .
REAL PYTHON
9 Python 3 Hacks Programmers Probably Don’t Utilize
As more and more Python developers are switching from Python 2 to Python 3 , there are a number of Python 3 specific features that they might not be making use of .
Even if you ’ve been programming in Python 3 for a while , you might find something new in this list !
VIVEK CODER
Learn to Secure Your Python Apps at SnykCon 2020 A free , multi - track virtual event .
Learn from leading security engineers and developers in hands - on technical sessions so you can work with your team to avoid malicious attacks and deliver secure code .
SNYK sponsor
Visualizing Gzip Compression With Python
How could you visualize how well Gzip compression works on a given file ?
Would you be able to produce any interesting graphs ?
Maybe not , but it ’s a fun exercise in experimental programming .
As a bonus , you get an excuse to change io .
DEFAULT_BUFFER_SIZE !
STEPHEN BRENNAN
Using Google Login With Flask
In this course , you ’ll create a Flask application that lets users sign in using their Google login .
You ’ll learn about OAuth 2 and OpenID Connect and also find out how to implement some code to handle user session management .
REAL PYTHON course
Everything You Need to Know About Python ’s Namedtuples
Are you using NamedTuple in your code ?
If you are n’t , learn what they are and why you should consider using them in this comprehensive tutorial .
MIGUEL BRITO
Projects & Code
Events
PyGotham TV ( Online ) October 2 to October 4 , 2020
PYGOTHAM.TV
Happy Pythoning !
This was PyCoder ’s Weekly Issue # 440 .
View in Browser »
[ Subscribe to 🐍 PyCoder ’s Weekly 💌 – Get the best Python news , articles , and tutorials delivered to your inbox once a week >>
Click here to learn more ]
September 29 , 2020 07:30 PM UTC
In a previous post , we introduced the Versioned HDF5 library and described some of its features .
In this post , we 'll go into detail on how the underlying design of the library works on a technical level .
Read more … ( 6 min remaining to read )
September 29 , 2020 04:00 PM UTC
Related Article :
Transcript
You can use a for loop to loop over any iterable ( iter- able ) .
Anything you 're able to iterate over can be looped over with a for loop .
Lists in Python are iterables .
Here we have a variable favorite_fruits that points to list of strings :
>>> favorite_fruits = [ " jujube " , " pear " , " watermelon " , " apple " , " blueberry " ]
We can loop over ( aka " iterate over " ) this favorite_fruits list using a for loop :
>>> for fruit in favorite_fruits : ... print ( fruit ) ... jujube pear watermelon apple blueberry
While executing that loop , Python takes each of the things inside of favorite_fruits list and gives us access to each of those items in order , using the variable name fruit .
We 're using that variable name to print each object ( all strings in this case ) out .
You can use this for anything that 's iterable .
An iterable is anything that can be looped over using a for loop .
Looping using indexes , the wrong way ( do n't do this )
Sometimes people write their for loops like this :
>>> for i in range ( len ( favorite_fruits ) ) : ... print ( favorite_fruits [i ] ) ... jujube pear watermelon apple blueberry
There 's a couple of reasons I do n't recommend this .
The first one is that PEP 8 , the official Python style guide , recommends against this .
Another reason is this only works with sequences .
A sequence is an iterable that you can index ( using square brackets ) starting from 0 until 1 less than the length of the sequence .
Strings , tuples , and lists are all examples of sequences .
Sets , dictionaries , files , generators , and lots of other iterables are not sequences .
The biggest reason not to use this is that we 're doing a lot of unnecessary work here .
We 're using range ( len ( favorite_fruits ) ) numbers , representing indexes , in the variable i , and then using those indexes to then look each of the items up in our list .
This extra work is like entering the backdoor of a building instead of the front door : you 're still entering a door in either case but you have to walk much farther to go through the back door .
Not only that , but we 're also focusing on the wrong thing : we 're focusing on the index .
We 're giving a variable name , i , to the index .
We 're not giving a variable name to the most important thing here : the actual item we 're working with .
Python 's for loops do n't have ( or need ) indexes
Python 's for loop gives a name to each of the actual items we 're working with ( fruit in our case ) .
>>> for fruit in favorite_fruits : ... print ( fruit ) ... jujube pear watermelon apple blueberry
If something is important , it deserves a name .
Python 's for loops names the items themselves , not indexes .
Summary
When you 're writing a for loop in Python , keep it simple , keep it as simple as possible .
If you do need to count upwards as you loop , the built - in enumerate helper function can help you with that , and we can talk more about that later .
September 29 , 2020 03:00 PM UTC
In this course , you ’ll work through the creation of a Flask web application .
Your application will allow a user to log in using their Google identity instead of creating a new account .
There are tons of benefits with this method of user management .
It ’s going to be safer and simpler than managing the traditional username and password combinations .
By the end of this course , you ’ll be able to :
Create a Flask web application that lets users log in with Google
that lets users log in with Google Create client credentials to interact with Google
to interact with Google Use Flask - Login for user session management in a Flask application
for user session management in a Flask application Better understand OAuth 2 and OpenID Connect ( OIDC )
[ Improve Your Python With 🐍 Python Tricks 💌 – Get a short & sweet Python Trick delivered to your inbox every couple of days . >>
Click here to learn more and see examples ]
September 29 , 2020 02:00 PM UTC
This tutorial show you how to use QStandardItem with Images .
The source code is simple to understand .
import sys from PyQt5.QtWidgets import QApplication , QMainWindow , QTreeView from PyQt5.QtCore import Qt from PyQt5.QtGui import QFont , QColor , QImage , QStandardItemModel , QStandardItem class ItemImage ( QStandardItem ) : def __init__ ( self , txt= '' , image_path= ' ' , set_bold =False , color=QColor(0 ,
September 29 , 2020 01:54 PM
UTC
In this tutorial , you will learn how to drag an image into your # wx Python application and display it to your user .
If you enjoy this video , you may want to check out my book , Creating GUI Applications with wxPython , available on Leanpub and Amazon .
The post wxPython by Example – Drag - and - Drop an Image ( Video ) appeared first on The Mouse Vs. The Python .
September 29 , 2020 01:24 PM
UTC
Python programming in healthcare is changing how doctors and clinicians approach patient care delivery .
Here ’s why Python for healthcare is the right choice for better health outcomes .
September 29 , 2020 01:07 PM UTC
Yesterday I developed an simple program to search chembl_ 27. fps.gz for records with a Tanimoto similarity of at least 0.7 to caffeine .
I started by mentioning the 1986 paper by Willet , Winterman , and Bawden Implementation of nearest - neighbor searching in an online chemical structure search system .
As you can read from the title , that paper does a k - nearest neighbor search ( k - NN search , also called a top - N search ) , and compares a Tanimoto similarity search to a cosine similarity search .
So really , I 'm only halfway there .
In this essay I 'll go the other half and implement the nearest neighbor search .
As before , this code will do almost no error handling , and will only work for the uncompressed chembl_ 27.fps in the local directory .
If you want to skip all the discussion , here are the instructions to use the final code , which assumes you have a gcc or clang C compiler and that RDKit's Python bindings are installed :
Download chembl_27.fps.gz .
Download popc.py .
Run python popc.py to generate the _popc module .
Download chembl_knn_search.py .
Run python chembl_knn_search.py to do the default caffeine search .
Run python chembl_knn_search.py -- help to see the commandline help , then try your own queries .
Priority queues and heaps
If you need to find the largest element in an unordered list then you can start by assuming the first item is the largest , then test each remaining item .
If it 's larger than the currently known largest value then use it as the new largest known value .
Once done , you have the largest element .
Here 's an example of what that algorithm looks like :
data = [ 5 , 8 , 5 , 9 , 8 , 7 , 4 ] largest = data [ 0 ] for value in data [ 1 : ] : if value > largest : largest = value
What if you want to find the two largest elements ?
It 's not hard , though it is tedious and error - prone , to extend the algorithm :
data = [ 5 , 8 , 5 , 9 , 8 , 7 , 4 ] largest = data [ 0 ] second_largest = data [ 1 ] if second_largest > largest : largest , second_largest = second_largest , largest for value in data [ 2 : ] : if value > second_largest : if value > largest : second_largest , largest = largest , value else : second_largest = value
A manual implementation along these lines rapidly becomes infeasible .
Instead , this is a well - known topic .
The go - to solution is to use a priority queue , often implemented as a heap .
Python 's heqpq module
Python does n't implement a heap data type .
Instead , the heapq module implements the heap operations using the list data type .
More specifically , it implements a min heap , which in practice makes it faster and easier to get the smallest element rather than the top ; the smallest item is always the first element of the list .
Here 's an example where I add the elements 5 , 8 , 4 , 7 , and 3 to the heap ; you can see that heap [ 0 ] is always the smallest , though the ordering of the other elements is less obvious :
>>> import heapq >>> heap = [ ] >>> heapq.heappush( heap , 5 ) >>> heap [ 5 ] >>> heapq.heappush( heap , 8 ) >>> heap [ 5 , 8 ] >>> heapq.heappush( heap , 4 ) >>> heap [ 4 , 8 , 5 ] >>> heapq.heappush( heap , 7 ) >>> heap [ 4 , 7 , 5 , 8 ] >>> heapq.heappush( heap , 3 ) >>> heap [ 3 , 4 , 5 , 8 , 7 ]
Next , I 'll iteratively remove the smallest item from the list , and show that the results are from smallest to largest :
>>> heapq.heappop( heap ) 3 >>> heap [ 4 , 7 , 5 , 8 ] >>> heapq.heappop( heap ) 4 >>> heap [ 5 , 7 , 8 ] >>> heapq.heappop( heap ) 5 >>> heap [ 7 , 8 ] >>> heapq.heappop( heap ) 7 >>> heap [ 8 ] >>> heapq.heappop( heap ) 8 >>> heap [ ]
Top -n largest elements in a list
Python 's heapq functions can be used to find the largest k elements of a list .
Initialize the heap to the first k values of the input .
For each of the other values in the input , the value is larger than the current smallest value in the heap , then remove that smallest value and add the new , larger input value .
( Python 's heapreplace ( ) is more efficient than a heappop ( ) followed by a heappush ( ) . )
For example , the following program prints 8 9 , which are the two largest values in the data list :
import heapq data = [ 5 , 8 , 5 , 9 , 8 , 7 , 4 ] w # Initialize the heap with the first two elements heap = [ ] heapq.heappush( heap , data [ 0 ] ) heapq.heappush( heap , data [ 1 ] ) for value in data [ 2 : ] : #
If a bigger value is found , remove the smallest value # in the heap and add the new value .
if value > heap [ 0 ] : heapq.heapreplace( heap , value ) print ( heapq.heappop( heap ) , heapq.heappop( heap ) )
Reorganization
A nearest neighbor search is a bit more complicated than a threshold search because there are two stages : 1 ) filling the heap with k elements , and 2 ) adding larger elements to the heap .
To help focus on the nearest neighbor search I 've reorganized and modified yesterday 's example .
There are now two functions to help process the inputs :
get_query_fp(smiles ) - parse the SMILES string into an RDKit molecule , generate the Morgan fingerprint with the appropriate values , and return the fingerprint as a byte string ;
read_fingerprints ( infile ) - parse the FPS - formatted input file .
Skip the header section and return an iterator of the ( id , fingerprint ) pairs , with the fingerprint as a hex - decoded byte string .
Here 's they are :
import heapq from _popc.lib import byte_tanimoto_256 from rdkit import Chem from rdkit .
Chem import rdMolDescriptors from rdkit import DataStructs # Convert the SMILES into Morgan fingerprint byte string def get_query_fp( smiles ) : mol = Chem.MolFromSmiles( smiles ) if mol is None : raise SystemExit ( f" Cannot parse SMILES { smiles!r} " ) query_rd_fp = rdMolDescriptors.GetMorganFingerprintAsBitVect( mol , radius=2 , nBits=2048 , useChirality=0 , useBondTypes=1 , useFeatures=0 ) return DataStructs.BitVectToBinaryText( query_rd_fp ) # Read ( id , byte fingerprint ) from a file - like object # containing an FPS - formatted fingerprints .
def read_fingerprints ( infile ) : # Skip the header for line in infile : if line [ : 1 ] != " # " : break else : # Reached the end of file .
Stop. return # Process the first fingerprint line target_hex_fp , target_id = line.split( ) assert len( target_hex_fp ) == 512 , " Hard - coded for 2048 - bit fingerprints " yield target_id , bytes.fromhex(target_hex_fp ) # Process the rest of the lines for line in infile : target_hex_fp , target_id = line.split ( ) yield target_id , bytes.fromhex(target_hex_fp )
Find the 10 most similar fingerprints ( Tanimoto )
I 'll walk through the main function which does the search .
First is some initialization code , which converts the query SMILES into a fingerprint and which reads the target fingerprints :
def main ( ) : ## Input parameters smiles = " CN1C=NC2=C1C ( =O ) N ( C ( =O ) N2C ) C " k = 10 target_filename = " chembl_27.fps " query_fp = get_query_fp(smiles ) with open ( " chembl_27.fps " ) as infile : reader = read_fingerprints ( infile )
Initialize the heap with k elements
Next I 'll initialize the heap with the first k elements from the input file .
( The zip ( ) stops when the first of range ( k ) or reader finishes , so this will read at most k elements .
# Get up to the first k elements and add them to the heap heap = [ ] for _ , ( target_id , target_fp ) in zip ( range ( k ) , reader ) : score = byte_tanimoto_256 ( query_fp , target_fp ) heapq.heappush ( heap , ( score , target_id ) )
You 'll see that I added a 2 - element tuple to the heap .
Because of the way Python works , these heap terms will be compared element - wise , first on the smallest score , with ties broken by comparing the ChEMBL id ASCIIbetically .
This will tend to bias the results toward newer ChEMBL records .
Another option might be to use the record 's position in the input , with a preference either for earlier occurring or later occurring records .
Since the records are mostly ASCIIbetically already , the above code is similar to a preference for records which occur later in the file .
Figure out the minimum threshold
Now that I have ( up to ) k elements in the heap , I know that any new record I find must be larger than the smallest record in the heap .
I 'll keep track of that .
Also , if the smallest record has a score of 1.0 then it 's impossible to find a higher score , so I can stop the search :
# Any new match must be larger than the score of the smallest heap element .
threshold = heap [ 0 ] [ 0 ]
#
No need for a further search if all elements match exactly .
if threshold == 1.0 : pass else :
Search for more similar matches
Here 's the heart of the algorithm .
Compare each fingerprint .
If it 's larger than the current smallest score in the heap then remove the smallest term in the heap and add the new one .
This might set a new , higher threshold , and if that new threshold is 1.0 then we can stop :
# Test the rest of the fingerprints for target_id , target_fp in reader : score = byte_tanimoto_256 ( query_fp , target_fp ) if score > threshold : heapq.heapreplace( heap , ( score , target_id ) ) # Update the threshold and see if we can stop threshold = heap [ 0 ] [ 0 ] if threshold == 1.0 : break
Get the hits
The final step is to print the list of matches , sorted from largest to smallest .
What I 'll do is heappop ( ) each item into a list of hits .
Those will be sorted from smallest to largest , so I 'll reverse them , before printing the results ( with the score to 3 decimal places ) :
# Reverse the list because heappop ( ) returns the items from smallest to largest .
hits = [ heapq.heappop( heap ) for _ in range ( len ( heap ) ) ] hits.reverse( ) #
Print the results from largest to smallest for score , target_id in hits : print ( f " {target_id}\t{score:.3f} " )
__main__
Lastly , I need some way to call the main ( ) function , which I 'll do in the typical Python way by only calling it if this code is being run as a program :
if __name__ == " __main__ " : main ( )
The 10 most similar matches ( Tanimoto )
Now for what you 've been waiting for - the 10 most similar matches to caffeine , based on Tanimoto similarity :
Find the 10 most similar fingerprints ( cosine )
I 'm not done yet .
The Willett , Winterman , and Bawden paper compared the results of a Tanimoto similarity search to the results of a cosine similarity search .
I want to re-implement that sort of comparison .
cosine similarity
Since I decided to not use RDKit ( which implements CosineSimilarity ( ) ) for my search , I 'll need to implement it in my _popc module .
I 'll show just the new C code here and have you download popc.py for the full details :
static double byte_cosine_256 ( const unsigned char * fp1 , const unsigned char * fp2 ) { int num_words = 2048 / 64 ; int dot_product = 0 , popcnt1 = 0 , popcnt2 = 0 ; /* Interpret as 64 - bit integers and assume possible mis-alignment is okay .
*/ uint64_t * fp1_64 = ( uint64_t *) fp1 , *fp2_64 = ( uint64_t *) fp2 ; for ( int i=0 ; i<num_words ; i++) { dot_product += __builtin_popcountll( fp1_64 [i ] & fp2_64 [i ] ) ; popcnt1 += __builtin_popcountll(fp1_64[i ] ) ; popcnt2 += __builtin_popcountll( fp2_64[i ] ) ; } if ( popcnt1 == 0 || popcnt2 == 0 ) { return 0.0 ; } return ( dot_product / sqrt ( ( double ) ( popcnt1 * popcnt2 ) ) ) ; }
You 'll need to ( re ) generate the shared library by running python popc.py .
Check the cosine implementation
If you think I wrote this correctly in one go , then thank you , but your estimation of my programming skills is too high .
I used both RDKit and my own Python code to double - and triple - check the implementation .
Here 's my check code , which generates a large number of fingerprints and random , computes the cosine similarity in three different ways , and compares the results :
from _popc.lib import byte_cosine_256 from rdkit import DataStructs from chemfp import bitops import random N = 2048 bitnos = range ( N ) def near( x , y ) : return abs ( x -y ) < 0.000000001 for i in range ( 10000 ) : n1 = random.randrange( N+1 ) n 2 = random.randrange( N+1 ) bitlist1 = random.sample( bitnos , n1 ) bitlist2 = random.sample( bitnos , n2 ) rd1 = DataStructs.ExplicitBitVect ( 2048 ) rd1.SetBitsFromList( bitlist1 ) rd2 = DataStructs.ExplicitBitVect ( 2048 ) rd2.SetBitsFromList( bitlist2 ) rd_score = DataStructs.CosineSimilarity ( rd1 , rd2 ) bytes1 = bitops.byte_from_bitlist( bitlist1 , 2048 ) bytes2 = bitops.byte_from_bitlist( bitlist2 , 2048 ) popc_score = byte_cosine_256 ( bytes1 , bytes2 ) dot_product = len (( set ( bitlist1).intersection( bitlist2 ) ) ) if n1 and n2 : expected_score = dot_product / ( n1 * n2 ) ** 0.5 else : expected_score = 0.0 if not near ( popc_score , rd_score ) or not near ( popc_score , expected_score ) : bitlist1.sort ( ) bitlist2.sort ( ) print ( bitlist1 ) print ( bitlist2 ) print ( " dot_product : " , dot_product ) print ( rd_score ) print ( popc_score ) print ( expected_score ) raise AssertionError
The 10 most similar matches ( cosine )
Only a few changes are needed to change the code to use cosine similarity instead of Tanimoto similarity .
In short , import the new function :
from _popc.lib import byte_tanimoto_256 , byte_cosine_256
and change the two occurences of :
score = byte_tanimoto_256 ( query_fp , target_fp )
to :
score = byte_cosine_256( query_fp , target_fp )
With that in place , the results are :
That list is almost identical to the Tanimoto results .
This should n't be unexpected .
Quoting Willett , Winterman , and Bawden 's 1986 paper :
The difference between the two types of coefficient had not been apparent in the earlier property prediction experiments ,10 where the data sets were fairly homogeneous in character , with many of them being sets of analogues ; in a typical structure file , conversely , a wide range of structural types will be present , and noncommon fragments will play a much larger role in discriminating between structures when a ranking method is used .
HTML output with images
It 's a bit difficult to compare the Tanimoto and cosine results .
I want to see structures as well .
We can embed the image directly from ChEMBL 's servers , so I 'll add an option for that .
That proved to be complicated and uninteresting , so I 'm not going to review it here .
Instead , I took all of the above code and created a program to do a k nearest neighbor search of the ChEMBL data set .
The final code
I went a bit overboard , which is n't that unusual for me .
I added support for arguments ( using Python 's argparse module ) so you can specify the input SMILES string , the value of k to use , select Tanimoto or cosine search , and select text or HTML output .
It 's entirely too complicated to show here .
Instead , you can download popc.py ( use python popc.py to have cffi generate the _popc module ) and chembl_knn_search.py and look at all the implementation details .
For your edification , here 's the side - by - side comparison of the k=20 nearest neighbor search for caffeine .
Conclusion
An efficient nearest neighbor search is harder than a threshold search because managing a priority queue requires some thought .
With Python we have the advantage of being able to use a built - in module that someone else had developed and debugged .
And we can use Python , and packages like cffi which make it easy to pull in C code for performance .
Things were a bit different 30 + years ago , when Willett , Winterman , and Bawden were first doing this sort of study .
While priority queues were well known , it may have required pulling out a text book .
Or , perhaps they did n't even use a priority queue ?
Another option is to simply compute all of the similarity scores , sort the results , and display the largest .
This might be slower and more memory intensive for large data sets , but it 's easier to implement .
I tried reading the 1986 paper and its citations ( and some of their citations ) to find this detail , but none explicitly said how they implemented ranking .
September 29 , 2020 12:00 PM UTC
Selenium testing on the cloud is the most efficient way to scale up automated browser testing .
This blog will help you get started with cross browser testing in Selenium .
September 29 , 2020 09:58 AM UTC
Sumana Harihareswara is an open - source software fairy .
After interviewing her for the DevJourney podcast , here are the key takeaways I personally took out of the discussion .
September 29 , 2020 07:24 AM
UTC
Python is a powerful and expressive programming language with a vast ecosystem of incredible applications .
Unfortunately , it has always been challenging to share those applications with non-technical end users .
Gregory Szorc set out to solve the problem of how to put your code on someone else 's computer and have it run without having to rely on extra systems such as virtualenvs or Docker .
In this episode he shares his work on PyOxidizer and how it allows you to build a self - contained Python runtime along with statically linked dependencies and the software that you want to run .
He also digs into some of the edge cases in the Python language and its ecosystem that make this a challenging problem to solve , and some of the lessons that he has learned in the process .
PyOxidizer is an exciting step forward in the evolution of packaging and distribution for the Python language and community .
Summary Python is a powerful and expressive programming language with a vast ecosystem of incredible applications .
Unfortunately , it has always been challenging to share those applications with non-technical end users .
Gregory Szorc set out to solve the problem of how to put your code on someone else ’s computer and have it run without having to rely on extra systems such as virtualenvs or Docker .
In this episode he shares his work on PyOxidizer and how it allows you to build a self - contained Python runtime along with statically linked dependencies and the software that you want to run .
He also digs into some of the edge cases in the Python language and its ecosystem that make this a challenging problem to solve , and some of the lessons that he has learned in the process .
PyOxidizer is an exciting step forward in the evolution of packaging and distribution for the Python language and community .
Announcements Hello and welcome to Podcast.__init__ , the podcast about Python and the people who make it great .
When you ’re ready to launch your next app or want to try a project you hear about on the show , you ’ll need somewhere to deploy it , so take a look at our friends over at Linode .
With the launch of their managed Kubernetes platform it ’s easy to get started with the next generation of deployment and scaling , powered by the battle tested Linode platform , including simple pricing , node balancers , 40 G bit networking , dedicated CPU and GPU instances , and worldwide data centers .
Go to pythonpodcast.com / linode and get a $ 60 credit to try out a Kubernetes cluster of your own .
And do n’t forget to thank them for their continued support of this show !
This portion of Python Podcast is brought to you by Datadog .
Do you have an app in production that is slower than you like ?
Is its performance all over the place ( sometimes fast , sometimes slow ) ?
Do you know why ?
With Datadog , you will .
You can troubleshoot your app ’s performance with Datadog ’s end - to - end tracing and in one click correlate those Python traces with related logs and metrics .
Use their detailed flame graphs to identify bottlenecks and latency in that app of yours .
Start tracking the performance of your apps with a free trial at pythonpodcast.com / datadog .
If you sign up for a trial and install the agent , Datadog will send you a free t- shirt .
You listen to this show to learn and stay up to date with the ways that Python is being used , including the latest in machine learning and data analysis .
For more opportunities to stay up to date , gain new skills , and learn from your peers there are a growing number of virtual events that you can attend from the comfort and safety of your home .
Go to pythonpodcast.com / conferences to check out the upcoming events being offered by our partners and get registered today !
Your host as usual is Tobias Macey and today I ’m interviewing Gregory Szorc about his work on PyOxidizer , a revolutionary new approach to building and distributing self - contained Python applications Interview Introductions
How did you get introduced to Python ?
Can you start by giving an overview on the shortcomings of the current state of the art for distributing Python projects , both for deployment and end - user consumption ?
What is PyOxidizer and what motivated you to create it ?
How does PyOxidizer differ from projects such as CxFreeze , Py2 Exe , or Shiv ?
What are the characteristics of CPython and the packaging ecosystem that make it so challenging to easily distribute self - contained applications ?
For someone using PyOxidizer , what is their workflow for building an executable that they can share with end users ?
What are some of the edge cases or special considerations that they need to be aware of ?
How is PyOxidizer implemented ?
How has the design or direction evolved since you first began working on it ?
From your experience in working on PyOxidizer , what changes would you like to see in the Python language or the CPython reference implementation ?
What are some of the most interesting , unexpected , or challenging lessons that you have learned while working on PyOxidizer ?
What do you have planned for the future of PyOxidizer ?
What are the ways that listeners can contribute to PyOxidizer ?
Keep In Touch Website
indygreg on GitHub Picks Tobias Carlos Santana
Gregory Home Air Quality Monitor
Closing Announcements
Thank you for listening !
Do n’t forget to check out our other show , the Data Engineering Podcast for the latest on modern data management .
Visit the site to subscribe to the show , sign up for the mailing list , and read the show notes .
If you ’ve learned something or tried out a project from the show then tell us about it !
Email hosts@podcastinit.com ) with your story .
To help other people find the show please leave a review on iTunes and tell your friends and co-workers
Join the community in the new Zulip chat workspace at pythonpodcast.com / chat Links PyOxidizer
Mercurial Podcast Episode
Mozilla
Virtualenv
Pip
Docker
Py2Exe
CXFreeze
Beeware
Shiv
FPM
Python Build Standalone
Importlib
Rust
Russell Keith - Magee Black Swans Keynote Followup Podcast Episode
The intro and outro music is from Requiem for a Fish The Freak Fandango Orchestra / CC BY -SA
September 29 , 2020 01:50 AM UTC
September 28 , 2020
Friend of Mu , Kevin Thomas has been hard at work creating free - to - use resources for kids ( and older kids ) who want to learn Python , with the BBC micro:bit and Mu .
Each of the ten resources tackles a different aspect of Python on the micro: bit through illustrated “ baby steps ” to get you to a finished fun project .
Work is ongoing , but you can find all the links and source code on his GitHub page for the project .
Meanwhile , in our secret fortress of solitude , the Mu “ minions ” ( Munions ..? ) have been hard at work on some fantastic updates which we hope to reveal very soon .
Stay tuned . :-)
September 28 , 2020 04:30 PM
UTC
The Python return statement is a key component of functions and methods .
You can use the return statement to make your functions send Python objects back to the caller code .
These objects are known as the function ’s return value .
You can use them to perform further computation in your programs .
Using the return statement effectively is a core skill if you want to code custom functions that are Pythonic and robust .
In this tutorial , you ’ll learn : How to use the Python return statement in your functions
in your functions
How to return single or multiple values from your functions
or from your functions
What best practices to observe when using return statements
With this knowledge , you ’ll be able to write more readable , maintainable , and concise functions in Python .
If you ’re totally new to Python functions , then you can check out Defining Your Own Python Function before diving into this tutorial .
Free Bonus : 5 Thoughts
On Python Mastery , a free course for Python developers that shows you the roadmap and the mindset you 'll need to take your Python skills to the next level .
Getting Started With Python Functions #
Most programming languages allow you to assign a name to a code block that performs a concrete computation .
These named code blocks can be reused quickly because you can use their name to call them from different places in your code .
Programmers call these named code blocks subroutines , routines , procedures , or functions depending on the language they use .
In some languages , there ’s a clear difference between a routine or procedure and a function .
Sometimes that difference is so strong that you need to use a specific keyword to define a procedure or subroutine and another keyword to define a function .
For example the Visual Basic programming language uses Sub and Function to differentiate between the two .
In general , a procedure is a named code block that performs a set of actions without computing a final value or result .
On the other hand , a function is a named code block that performs some actions with the purpose of computing a final value or result , which is then sent back to the caller code .
Both procedures and functions can act upon a set of input values , commonly known as arguments .
In Python , these kinds of named code blocks are known as functions because they always send a value back to the caller .
The Python documentation defines a function as follows : A series of statements which returns some value to a caller .
It can also be passed zero or more arguments which may be used in the execution of the body .
( Source )
Even though the official documentation states that a function “ returns some value to the caller , ” you ’ll soon see that functions can return any Python object to the caller code .
In general , a function takes arguments ( if any ) , performs some operations , and returns a value ( or object ) .
The value that a function returns to the caller is generally known as the function ’s return value .
All Python functions have a return value , either explicit or implicit .
You ’ll cover the difference between explicit and implicit return values later in this tutorial .
To write a Python function , you need a header that starts with the def keyword , followed by the name of the function , an optional list of comma-separated arguments inside a required pair of parentheses , and a final colon .
The second component of a function is its code block , or body .
Python defines code blocks using indentation instead of brackets , begin and end keywords , and so on .
So , to define a function in Python you can use the following syntax : def function_name ( arg1 , arg2 , ... , argN ) : # Function 's code goes here ... pass
When you ’re coding a Python function , you need to define a header with the def keyword , the name of the function , and a list of arguments in parentheses .
Note that the list of arguments is optional , but the parentheses are syntactically required .
Then you need to define the function ’s code block , which will begin one level of indentation to the right .
In the above example , you use a pass statement .
This kind of statement is useful when you need a placeholder statement in your code to make it syntactically correct , but you do n’t need to perform any action .
pass statements are also known as the null operation because they do n’t perform any action .
Note :
The full syntax to define functions and their arguments is beyond the scope of this tutorial .
For an in - depth resource on this topic , check out Defining Your Own Python Function .
To use a function , you need to call it .
A function call consists of the function ’s name followed by the function ’s arguments in parentheses : function_name ( arg1 , arg2 , ... , argN )
You ’ll need to pass arguments to a function call only if the function requires them .
The parentheses , on the other hand , are always required in a function call .
If you forget them , then you wo n’t be calling the function but referencing it as a function object .
To make your functions return a value , you need to use the Python return statement .
That ’s what you ’ll cover from this point on .
[ Improve Your Python With 🐍 Python Tricks 💌 – Get a short & sweet Python Trick delivered to your inbox every couple of days . >>
Click here to learn more and see examples ]
September 28 , 2020 02:00 PM UTC
Using mock objects during testing in Python .
Anna -Lena joins the podcast to teach us about mocks and using unittest .
mock objects during testing .
We discuss :
the different styles of using mocks
pros and cons of mocks
dependency injection
adapter pattern
mock hell
magical universe
and much more
Special Guest : Anna -Lena Popkes .
Sponsored By :
Support Test & Code : Python Testing for Software Engineering
Links :
September 28 , 2020 02:00 PM UTC
Introduction
String padding refers to adding , usually , non-informative characters to a string to one or both ends of it .
This is most often done for output formatting and alignment purposes , but it can have useful practical applications .
A frequent use case for padding strings is outputting table - like information in a table - like fashion .
You can do this in a variety of ways , including using Pandas to convert your data to an actual table .
This way , Python would handle the output formatting on its own .
In this article , we 'll cover how to pad strings in Python .
Say , we 've got these three lists :
medicine1 = [ ' Morning ' , ' dispirine ' , ' 1 mg ' ] medicine2 = [ ' Noon ' , ' arinic ' , ' 2 mg ' ] medicine3 = [ ' Evening ' , ' Long_capsule_name ' , ' 32 mg ' ]
We can form these into a string , using the join ( ) function :
print( str.join (' ' , medicine1 ) ) print ( str.join ( ' ' , medicine2 ) ) print ( str.join (' ' , medicine3 ) )
Would give us the rather untidy output of :
Morning Dispirine 1 mg Noon Arinic 2 mg Evening Long_capsule_name 32 mg
To combat this , we could write for / while loops and append spaces to the strings until they reached a certain length , and make sure that all the data is aligned properly for easy visual inspection .
Or , we could use built - in functions that can achieve the same goal .
The functions we 'll be taking a look at in this article are : ljust ( ) , center ( ) , rjust ( ) , zfill ( ) and format ( ) .
Any of these functions can be used to add a certain number of characters to either end of strings , including spaces .
Padding Types
Before we take a closer look at the functions mentioned above , we 'll take a look at different types of padding so we can reference them when talking about the functions .
Left Padding
Adding left padding to a string means adding a given character at the start of a string to make it of the specified length .
Left padding , outside of simple formatting and alignment reasons can be really useful when naming files that start with a number generated in a sequence .
For example , you need to name 11 files , and each of them starts with a number from 1 to 11 .
If you simply added the number at the beginning of the file , most operating systems would sort the files in the following order : 1 , 10 , 11 , 2 , and so on .
This happens of course because of the rules of lexicographical sorting , but you can avoid these situations by naming files with one or more leading zeroes , depending on how many files you expect , i.e. : 01 , 02 , 03 ...
This can be achieved by effectively left padding the numbers with the appropriate number of zeroes , which keeps their original value .
This gives the effect of strings being left - justified .
Center Padding
This means that the given character is added in equal measure to both sides of the string until the new string reaches the given length .
Using this effectively centers the string in the provided length :
This is a normal string .
This is a center padded string .
Right Padding
Right padding is analogous to left padding - the given character is added to the end of the string until the string reaches a certain length .
Python Functions For String Padding
Python offers many functions to format and handle strings , their use depends on the use case and the developer 's personal preference .
Most of the functions we 'll discuss deal with text justification which is essentially adding padding to one side of the string .
For example , for a string to be left - justified , we need to add padding to the end ( right side ) of the string .
Note :
In all the functions that expect a width or len parameter , in case the original string is longer than the specified width or len the entire string will be kept without changes .
This can have the undesired effect of long strings ruining the formatting , so when choosing a width value , make sure you take your longest string into an account or a top length boundary .
ljust ( )
The ljust ( ) function aligns a string to the left by adding right padding .
The ljust ( ) function takes two parameters : width and fillchar .
The width is mandatory and specifies the length of the string after adding padding , while the second parameter is optional and represents the character added pad the original string .
The default value is a space character , i.e. ' ' .
This is a particularly good option to use when printing table - like data , like in our example at the beginning :
medicine1 = [ ' Morning ' , ' Dispirine ' , ' 1 mg ' ] medicine2 = [ ' Noon ' , ' Arinic ' , ' 2 mg ' ] medicine3 = [ ' Evening ' , ' Long_capsule_name ' , ' 32 mg ' ] for medicine in [ medicine1 , medicine2 , medicine3 ] : for entry in medicine : print ( entry.ljust ( 25 ) , end= ' ' ) print ( )
Which gives us the output :
Morning Dispirine 1 mg Noon Arinic 2 mg Evening Long_capsule_name 32 mg
center ( )
The center ( ) function aligns a string in the center of the specified width , by adding padding equally to both sides .
The parameters are the same as with the ljust ( ) function , a required width , and optional fillchar parameter :
list_of_strings =
[ " This can give us " , " text that 's center aligned " , " within the specified width " ] for s in list_of_strings : print ( s.center ( 50 , ' ' ) )
Output :
This can give us text that 's center aligned within the specified width
rjust ( )
Analogous to the previous two functions , rjust ( ) aligns the string to the right by adding padding to the left ( beginning ) of the string .
Again , the parameters are the required width and optional fillchar .
Like we mentioned previously , this function is very useful when naming files that start with numbers because of the more intuitive sorting :
list_of_names_original = [ ] list_of_names_padded = [ ] for n in range ( 1 , 13 ) : list_of_names_original.append( str(n ) + " _name " ) list_of_names_padded.append(str(n).rjust ( 2 , '0 ' ) + " _name " ) print ( " Lexicographical sorting without padding : " ) print ( sorted ( list_of_names_original ) ) print ( ) print ( " Lexicographical sorting with padding : " ) print ( sorted ( list_of_names_padded ) )
Running this code would give us :
Lexicographical sorting without padding : [ ' 10_name ' , ' 11_name ' , ' 12_name ' , ' 1_name ' , ' 2_name ' , ' 3_name ' , ' 4_name ' , ' 5_name ' , ' 6_name ' , ' 7_name ' , ' 8_name ' , ' 9_name ' ]
Lexicographical sorting with padding : [ ' 01_name ' , ' 02_name ' , ' 03_name ' , ' 04_name ' , ' 05_name ' , ' 06_name ' , ' 07_name ' , ' 08_name ' , ' 09_name ' , ' 10_name ' , ' 11_name ' , ' 12_name ' ]
zfill ( )
The zfill ( ) function performs very similarly to using rjust ( ) with zero as the specified character .
It left pads the given string with zeroes until the string reaches the specified length .
The only difference is that in case our string starts with a plus ( + ) or minus ( - ) sign , the padding will start after that sign :
neutral = ' 15 ' positive = ' + 15 ' negative = '- 15 ' length = 4 print ( neutral.zfill( length ) ) print ( positive.zfill( length+1 ) ) print( negative.zfill(length+1 ) )
This is done to keep the original value of the number in case the string was a number .
Running this code would give us :
0015 +0015 -0015
format ( )
The format ( ) function is the most advanced in the list .
This single function can be used for left , right , and even center padding .
It is also used for other formatting too , but we 'll only take a look at the padding functionality it provides .
It returns the string after formatting the specified values and putting them inside the string placeholders which are defined by {} .
The placeholders can be identified by either named indexes , numbered indexes , or even empty curly brackets .
A quick example of how these placeholders look before we see how we can use this function to add padding :
print ( " Placeholders can given by { 0} , or with {value} " .
format ( " adding a number " , value= " a named value " ) ) print ( " They can also be given {} , without adding a {} or {} " . format ( " implicitly " , " number " , " name " ) )
Which would give us :
Placeholders can given by adding a number , or with a named value
They can also be given implicitly , without adding a number or name
These placeholders accept a variety of formatting options .
Let 's see how we can achieve different types of string padding by using these options :
Left Padding : Use > inside the placeholder and a number to specify the desired width , to right align a string ( append characters at the start ) : txt = " We { :>8} Python . " print ( txt.format( ' love ' ) )
Which gives us :
We love Python .
Center Padding : Similarly , we can use ^ for center padding / alignment : txt = " We { : ^8} Python . " print ( txt.format( ' love ' ) )
We love Python .
Right Padding : Use < inside placeholders to left align a string : txt = " We { : < 8} Python . " print ( txt.format( ' love ' ) )
We love Python .
You can also append characters other than white spaces , by adding the specified characters before the > , ^ or < character :
print ( '{:*^50 } '. format( ' Center padding with a specific character ' ) )
***** Center padding with a specific character *****
You can read more about the different possibilities of the format ( ) function in our Guide to Formatting Strings with Python .
Conclusion
Adding padding to strings in Python is a relatively straight - forward process , that can noticeably increase the readability of your output , especially if the data you have can be read in a table - like fashion .
In this article , we 've covered the ljust ( ) , rjust ( ) , center ( ) , zfill ( ) and format ( ) function as built - in approaches to string padding in Python .
September 28 , 2020 01:17 PM
UTC
Generators are iterators , a kind of iterable you can only iterate over once .
So what are iterators anyway ?
An iterator is an object that can be iterated ( looped ) upon .
It ... Read more
The post Python ’s Generator and Yield Explained appeared first on Django Central .
September 28 , 2020 01:04 PM UTC
It 's easy to write a fingerprint search tool .
Peter Willett tells a story about how very soon after he , Winterman , and Bawden published Implementation of nearest - neighbor searching in an online chemical structure search system ( 1986 ) ( which described their nearest - neighbor similarity search implementation and observed that Tanimoto similarity gave more satisfactory results than cosine similarity ) , he heard from a company which wrote their own implementation , on a Friday afternoon , and found it to be very useful .
Now , my memory of his story may be missing in the details , but the key point is that it 's always been easy to write a fingerprint similarity search tool .
So , let 's do it !
I 'll call my program ssimsearch because it 's going to be a simplified version of chemfp 's simsearch command - line tool .
In fact , I 'll hard - code just about everything , with only the bare minimum of checking .
What 's in chembl_ 27.fps ?
To make it even easier , it will be hard - coded so it can only search " chembl_27.fps " in the local directory , which is the decompressed contents of chembl_ 27.fps.gz .
Let 's take a look at the first few lines of that file , which is in FPS format :
% fold -w 90 chembl_27.fps | head - 18 # FPS1 #num_bits=2048 #type=RDKit-Morgan/1 radius=2 fpSize=2048 useFeatures=0 useChirality=0 useBondTypes=1 # software=RDKit/2019.09.2 #source=chembl_27.fps.gz #date=2020-05-18 15:43:14.060167 000804000000000000000000000000000010000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000008000 000004000000000000400000000100000000000000000000010000000000000000000000000000081000000000
200000000000000000008000000000000000000888000000000080000000000010000000000000000000020000 000000000000000002000108002040000000000000000005000000020001000000000000001000000002000000
000000000000000000000000000000800000000000200000000000000000010000000004000000000000000000
00000000000080000002000000000000000008000000000000000000000000
CHEMBL153534 020800000002000000800300000030000010810000200000220000400800040000000008400000000000008004 0000050004000000000040004000000400000000000800020000b0000000000000030000040000000102000002
700009008008000004408000000000000200000800040000004088000002000004200000022c10000000020000 0000004844000000020180084000000010000000000000000080040400002000000000000010000a0000000000 01101004000500000000008400014010800000000000a500020400000000002900008800000001490000000200 00008020008002020082000004802040804000800000000000100001800000 CHEMBL440060
The line starting with " # " are part of the header .
The first line identifies the file format , the other header lines contain key / value - formatted metadata .
In this case , the file contains 2048 - bit Morgan fingerprints from RDKit version 2019.09.2 , and it was created on 18 May 2020 .
fingerprint type
The RDKit code to generate a fingerprint corresponding to the type parmaeters , given a RDMol molecule object , is :
from rdkit .
Chem import rdMolDescriptors query_rd_fp = rdMolDescriptors.GetMorganFingerprintAsBitVect( mol , radius=2 , n Bits=2048 , useChirality=0 , useBondTypes=1 , useFeatures=0 )
This returns a Datastructs .
ExplicitBitVect instance .
Fingerprint lines
After the header lines are the fingerprint lines .
There is one record per line , with tab - separated fields .
The first field is the hex - encoded fingerprint , the second is the identifier .
The other fields are user - defined - chemfp ignores them .
( They could contain SMILES , property values , etc. )
The FPS format uses hex - encoding because it 's very easy in most programs to convert hex - strings into byte - strings .
Here 's a Python3 example using a hex - encoded MACCS fingerprint for caffeine :
>>> bytes.fromhex ( " 000000003000000001d414d91323915380f138ea1f " ) b'\x00\x00\x00\x000\x00\x00\x00\x01\xd4\x14\xd9\x13#\x91S\x80\xf18\xea\x1 f '
In Python 2 it was :
>>> " 000000003000000001d414d91323915380f138ea1f " .decode ( " hex " ) '\x00\x00\x00\x000\x00\x00\x00\x01\xd4\x14\xd9\x13#\x91S\x80\xf18\xea\x1 f '
How to represent fingerprints and compute the Tanimoto ?
Data representation and data calculation go hand - in - hand .
I 'll need to compute the binary Tanimoto , which is defined as popcount ( fp1 &f p2 ) / popcount ( fp1| fp2 ) where | and & are the usual bitwise and and or operators , and popcount ( ) is the number of bits in the result .
Bitwise - and and - or are available in standard Python integers but popcount ( ) is not .
I can think of three approaches :
Turn the hex - encoded fingerprint into an RDKit ExplicitBitVect ( ) and have RDKit compute the Tanimoto for me ;
Turn both into a third data type where it's easy to compute the Tanimoto ; Turn the RDKit fingerprint into a byte string and figure out some way to compute the Tanimoto between them .
I 'm writing this essay for pedagogical reasons , so I 'm going to explore all three options .
Using RDKit's ExplicitBitVect ( )
RDKit's CreateFromFPS ( ) function parses a hex - encoded fingerprint into an ExplicitBitVect ( ) , and TanimotoSimilarity ( ) computes the Tanimoto similarity between two fingerprints , which makes it easy to write a search program .
It 's so easy , I 'll let the comments speak for themselves :
from rdkit import Chem from rdkit .
Chem import rdMolDescriptors from rdkit import DataStructs ## Input parameters smiles = " CN1C=NC2=C1C ( =O ) N ( C ( =O ) N2C ) C " threshold = 0.7 ## Convert the SMILES into an RDKit fingerprint mol = Chem.MolFromSmiles( smiles ) if mol is None : raise SystemExit ( f" Cannot parse SMILES { smiles!r} " ) query_rd_fp = rdMolDescriptors.GetMorganFingerprintAsBitVect( mol , radius=2 , n Bits=2048 , useChirality=0 , useBondTypes=1 , useFeatures=0 ) ## Search chembl_27.fps #
Skip the header ; make sure I skipped only to the end of the header infile = open ( " chembl_27.fps " ) for i in range ( 6 ) : line = infile.readline ( ) assert line.startswith ( " #date " ) # Process each line , convert to an RDKit fingerprint , and compare for line in infile : target_hex_fp , target_id = line.split( ) target_rd_fp = DataStructs.CreateFromFPSText(target_hex_fp ) score = DataStructs.TanimotoSimilarity ( query_rd_fp , target_rd_fp ) if score >= threshold : print ( f " {target_id}\t{score} " )
The output from running this program is :
CHEMBL113 1.0 CHEMBL1232048 0.7096774193548387
CHEMBL113 is caffeine , so getting the expected score of 1.0 shows I did n't mess up on the GetMorganFingerprintAsBitVect ( ) parameters .
CHEMBL1232048 is bisdionin C , with a caffeine - caffeine linker , so that also makes sense .
You can surely see that this is not a complicated program , and can easily be done in an afternoon !
The hardest part is probably finding out which functions to call and how to call them .
However , this search took 30 seconds .
Can we do better ?
Using gmpy2 integers
I could convert a hex - encoded fingerprint to a Python integer and do the bitwise - and and - or operations , but there 's no way to get the popcount ( ) of a Python integer directly .
( I could convert the Python integer into a byte string and compute the popcount of that , but then why not just work on byte strings directly ? )
Instead , I 'll try using the GNU Multiple Precision Arithmetic Library through the gmpy2 Python wrapper .
The integer - like mpz object implements the bitwise operation and the popcount method , and has an optimized popcount implementation .
Here 's an example using the RDKit MACCS keys for caffeine and theobromine :
>>> import gmpy2 >>> caffeine = gmpy2.mpz( " 000000003000000001d414d91323915380f138ea1f " , 16 ) >>> theobromine = gmpy2.mpz( " 000000003000000001d414d91323915380e178ea1f " , 16 ) >>> gmpy2.popcount( theobromine & caffeine ) 45 >>> gmpy2.popcount( theobromine | caffeine ) 47 >>> gmpy2.popcount( theobromine & caffeine ) / gmpy2.popcount ( theobromine | caffeine ) 0.9574468085106383
( I used chemfp to verify that it computed the same MACCS Tanimoto similarity . )
That , plus the knowledge that BitVectToFPSText ( ) turns an ExplicitBitVect into a hex - encoded fingerprint , makes it straight - forward to try out a GMPY2 - based search system :
from rdkit import Chem from rdkit .
Chem import rdMolDescriptors from rdkit import DataStructs import gmpy2 ## Input parameters smiles = " CN1C=NC2=C1C ( =O ) N ( C ( =O ) N2C ) C " threshold = 0.7 ## Convert the SMILES into an RDKit fingerprint then into a GMP mpz integer mol = Chem.MolFromSmiles( smiles ) if mol is None : raise SystemExit ( f" Cannot parse SMILES { smiles!r} " ) query_rd_fp = rdMolDescriptors.GetMorganFingerprintAsBitVect( mol , radius=2 , nBits=2048 , useChirality=0 , useBondTypes=1 , useFeatures=0 ) query_gmp_fp = gmpy2.mpz(DataStructs.BitVectToFPSText( query_rd_fp ) , 16 ) ## Search chembl_27.fps #
Skip the header ; make sure I skipped only to the end of the header infile = open ( " chembl_27.fps " ) for i in range ( 6 ) : line = infile.readline ( ) assert line.startswith ( " #date " ) #
Process each line , convert to a GMP mpz integer , and compare for line in infile : target_hex_fp , target_id = line.split ( ) target_gmp_fp = gmpy2.mpz(target_hex_fp , 16 ) score = gmpy2.popcount(query_gmp_fp & target_gmp_fp ) / gmpy2.popcount( query_gmp_fp | target_gmp_fp ) if score >= threshold : print ( f " {target_id}\t{score} " )
The GMP - based search takes about 8 seconds , which is a nice speedup from 30 seconds .
One downside of this approach is that each of the bitwise - operators returns a new Python object , which is used only to find the popcount .
That 's a lot of object creation , which means a lot of object overhead .
Using byte string + my own Tanimoto function
The third option is to use native Python byte strings .
This has less overhead , but Python offers no fast way to compute the Tanimoto between two byte strings .
I could make one in Python using , say , a byte - based lookup table , but it 's clear that a C or C++ extension will be faster , and there are compiler intrinsics for many compilers ( gcc/ clang , Visual Studio ) , or std :: popcount ( for C++ ) to make it fast .
CFFI - C foreign - function interface for Python
While I could use the Python / C API to develop an extension , that documentation points out Third party tools like Cython , cffi , SWIG and Numba offer both simpler and more sophisticated approaches to creating C and C++ extensions for Python .
I 'll use cffi , which implements a way for Python code to call C functions directly .
This includes a way to specify the source code for the extension .
Here 's an example , which will create the extension " _popc " with a function called byte_tanimoto_256 which is hard - coded to compute the Tanimoto between two 2048 - bit / 256 - byte bytesstrings .
# I call this file " popc.py " .
It should work for gcc and clang .
from cffi import FFI ffibuilder = FFI ( ) # Create a Python module which can be imported via " import _popc " .
#
It will contain the single function byte_tanimoto_256 ( ) which # expects two byte strings of length 256 bytes - exactly ! ffibuilder.set_source ( " _popc " , r " " " #include < stdint.h > static double byte_tanimoto_256 ( const unsigned char * fp1 , const unsigned char * fp2 ) { int num_words = 2048 / 64 ; int union_popcount = 0 , intersect_popcount = 0 ; /* Interpret as 64 - bit integers and assume possible mis-alignment is okay .
*/ uint64_t * fp1_64 = ( uint64_t *) fp1 , *fp2_64 = ( uint64_t *) fp2 ; for ( int i=0 ; i<num_words ; i++) { intersect_popcount += __builtin_popcountll(fp1_64[i ] & fp2_64[i ] ) ; union_popcount += __builtin_popcountll(fp1_64[i ] | fp2_64 [i ] ) ; } if ( union_popcount == 0 ) { return 0.0 ; } return ( ( double ) intersect_popcount ) / union_popcount ; } " " " , # Tell the compiler to always expect the POPCNT instruction will be available .
extra_compile_args= [ " - mpopcnt " ] ) #
Tell cffi to export the above function for use by Python. ffibuilder.cdef ( " " " double byte_tanimoto_256 ( unsigned char * fp1 , unsigned char * f p2 ) ; " " " ) if __name__ == " __main__ " : ffibuilder.compile(verbose=True )
( If I do n't include - mpopcnt then the compiler will generate slower code that works even on older Intel - compatible CPUs that do n't support the POPCNT instruction added to SSE4a in 2007 . )
I then run the program to compile the _popc module :
% python popc.py generating ./ _popc.c the current directory is '/ Users / dalke / demo ' running build_ext building ' _popc ' extension gcc - Wno-unused - result - Wsign - compare - Wunreachable - code -DNDEBUG -g - fwrapv - O3 - Wall -I/ Users/ dalke / venvs/py38-2020-8/include
-I/Users/dalke/local-3.8/include/python3.8 -c _popc.c -o ./_popc.o - mpopcnt gcc - bundle -undefined dynamic_lookup ./_popc.o -o ./_popc.cpython-38-darwin.so
Finally , I 'll test it on a couple of strings to check that nothing is obviously wrong :
>>> import _popc >>> _popc.lib.byte_tanimoto_256 ( b" \1 " *256 , b " \3 " *256 ) 0.5 >>> _popc.lib.byte_tanimoto_256 ( b" \1 " *255 + b " \3 " , b " \3 " * 256 ) 0.501953125 >>>
257/512 0.501953125
A bytestring search implementation
Putting it all together , here 's an implementation which uses the _popc module I created in the previous subsection :
from rdkit import Chem from rdkit .
Chem import rdMolDescriptors from rdkit import DataStructs from _popc.lib import byte_tanimoto_256 ##
Input parameters smiles = " CN1C=NC2=C1C ( =O ) N ( C ( =O ) N2C ) C " threshold = 0.7 ## Convert the SMILES into Morgan fingerprint byte string mol = Chem.MolFromSmiles ( smiles ) if mol is None : raise SystemExit ( f" Cannot parse SMILES { smiles!r} " ) query_rd_fp = rdMolDescriptors.GetMorganFingerprintAsBitVect( mol , radius=2 , nBits=2048 , useChirality=0 , useBondTypes=1 , useFeatures=0 ) query_byte_fp = DataStructs.BitVectToBinaryText( query_rd_fp ) ## Search chembl_27.fps #
Skip the header ; make sure I skipped only to the end of the header infile = open ( " chembl_27.fps " ) for i in range ( 6 ) : line = infile.readline ( ) assert line.startswith ( " #date " ) #
Process each line , convert to a byte string , and compare for line in infile : target_hex_fp , target_id = line.split( ) target_byte_fp = bytes.fromhex(target_hex_fp ) score = byte_tanimoto_256( query_byte_fp , target_byte_fp ) if score >= threshold : print ( f " {target_id}\t{score} " )
This takes a bit over 5 seconds .
Recall that the GMP - based search takes about 8 seconds , and the RDKit - based search takes about 30 seconds .
Chemfp 's simsearch performance
While it 's easy to write a fingerprint search tool , it 's hard to make a fast fingerprint search tool .
There are many obvious ways to improve the performance of the above code .
For examples : 1 ) local variable name looks in a Python function are faster than using module variables , so simply moving the module - level program into its own function increases performance by 8 % , 2 ) profiling shows that looping over the lines takes the longest time , followed by the split ( ) and then the conversion from hex to a byte , so reducing that overhead is the place to look next , not optimizing the popcount any more .
Instead of going through that process yourself , you could use chemfp 's simsearch tool , which is fairly well optimized already .
A caffeine search takes under 2 seconds , and the implementation supports many different fingerprint types and sizes :
% time simsearch -- query " CN1C=NC2=C1C ( =O ) N ( C( =O ) N2C ) C " -- query - format smistring chembl_27.fps -- threshold 0.7 # Simsearch /1 #num_bits=2048 #type=Tanimoto k=all threshold=0.7 # software=chemfp/3.4.1 #targets=chembl_27.fps #target_source=chembl_27.fps.gz 2 Query1 CHEMBL113 1.00000 CHEMBL1232048 0.70968 1.876u 0.263s 0:01.98 107.5 % 0+0 k 0+0io 426pf+0w
You can test it out for yourself by installing chemfp ( under the Base License Agreement ) using :
python -m pip install chemfp -i https://chemfp.com/packages/
The no-cost Base License Agreement says you may do single - query FPS searches against any sized FPS file , for in - house purposes .
If you are interested in faster performance , contact me for a license key to try out the binary FPB format , which is faster to load and supports optimized in - memory searches .
September 28 , 2020 12:00 PM UTC
September 28 , 2020 10:04 AM UTC
In this post we 'll try to implement common Python builtins such as min mas etc in JavaScript .
Here 's what we 'll have : print ( 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 ) print ( max ( [ 1 , 2 , 100 ] ) ) ; print ( min ( [ 1 , 2 , ...
September 28 , 2020 09:49 AM
UTC
This week we welcome William Cox as our PyDev of the Week .
William is a data scientist who has spoken at a few Python conferences .
He maintains a blog where you can catch up on what ’s new with him
Let ’s spend a few moments getting to know William better !
Can you tell us a little about yourself ( hobbies , education , etc ) :
I ’ve always loved building things .
I spent most of highschool building robots and running a blog about robots .
I got a degree in electrical engineering thanks to this , and then went on to get a PhD in signal processing and digital communications .
Outside of work I enjoy wood and metal working and being outdoors .
Mostly though , I ’m a full - time parent .
Why did you start using Python ?
I first used Python in graduate school when I needed to automate reading from a serial input device connected up to one of our sensors .
I ’d been programming for a long time at that point and Python was a pretty easy jump from Perl .
My computer science friends were telling me Python was great so I saw it as an opportunity to branch out again .
What other programming languages do you know and which is your favorite ?
When I was 12 my dad dropped “ Teach Yourself Perl in 21 Days ” on my desk and said , “ you should learn this . ”
It took me much longer than 21 days , but I ’m glad he did that .
I dabbled in several languages ( PHP , Java , C ) but spent many years in graduate school honing my MATLAB skills , due to its powerful plotting and data analysis capabilities .
My first job was at a military contractor and they all used MATLAB .
This was the early 10’s and Python was really taking off as the language of scientific computing so I was able to convince my boss that it was something I should be learning – he was especially attracted to how much money they could save over thir massive MATLAB bills .
I got my 2nd job with my impressive iPython Notebook skills !
It was , however , till I started my 2nd job that I finally started learning what it means to write software with a team .
It ’s a lot different than dabbling on your own .
What projects are you working on now ?
During the start of the Pandemic I brushed off www.makeamaze.com, which is Python - based and hosted on Heroku .
Lately I ’ve been spending more time on http://www.remotedatascience.com/, a newsletter for remote data science and machine learning jobs .
Promoting remote work is a favorite hobby of mine and I ’ve worked fully remote for many years now .
I ’m both pleased and skeptical of everyone ’s newfound love of remote !
I ’ve also been doing some 1 - on - 1 coaching for folks wanting to transition from engineering jobs into Data Science / ML roles .
That ’s been especially rewarding to teach .
In my day - job I write Machine Learning jobs to predict demand for my employer .
That ’s all Python - based too .
Which Python libraries are your favorite ( core or 3rd party ) ?
I work as a machine learning engineer for a big food ordering and delivery company and I use Pandas daily .
` Black` , `isort` and `flake8` make my job easier .
We distribute all of our machine learning jobs with Dask and its family of packages .
I really love what the Dask community is doing and I gave a talk on how we ’re using it last year at PyColorado .
Can you describe your journey from electrical engineering to data scientist ?
Data science is a fairly new field and as such there is n’t much of an established path to this career .
There certainly was n’t when I came into it .
I ’d encountered – and avoided – Machine Vision and so - called AI classes in undergraduate , thinking they were too esoteric and not useful in the real - world .
It was n’t till after I ’d finished my PhD and was taking Sebastian Thrun ’s “ build a self driving car ” MOOC for fun that I had the realization that I ’d seen all of his equations before in my electrical engineering curriculum , just with different names or applications .
I also took Andrew Ng ’s machine learning class at the same time and experienced building predictive models for the first time .
Subsequently I had the advantage of a fantastic mentor at my first job who encouraged exploring all the new topics around machine learning and deep learning that was happening at the time .
I ’d also had plenty of experience dabbling with computers , running websites , administering Linux machines , etc. while in high school and college ( no parties for me ! ) .
That all combined together to let me convince a CEO to hire me as a data scientist at a startup .
Being active on Twitter , speaking at conferences fairly regularly , and seeking out like - minded machine learning practitioners have accelerated my career dramatically .
Do you have any tips for people who would like to get into data science from another discipline ?
First off , the grass is n’t always greener .
Data Science is a hard job – just like most jobs – and only a small portion of it is fun and exciting data analysis or training ML models .
Significantly I would focus on being a good * software engineer * first , and a data scientist second .
The SWE aspects of the job – dealing with computers , writing tests , anticipating failure modes , and writing repeatable analysis – are the parts that are difficult to learn without spending the hours on it .
They also do n’t make for great blog posts so there is less written about it than some fancy analysis .
All that said , the best way to move forward is by finding a mentor who can steer your learning and keep you from wandering off the track too much .
https://www.sharpestminds.com/ would be one such place to find one .
Joining some Slack / Reddit / Twitter communities and explicitly asking for a mentor would be another avenue .
Start conducting informational interviews ( my friend Matt has a good podcast on the topic : Informational Interviewing – Learn Cool Stuff , Meet Amazing People , and Stack the Deck in your Favor — Life Meets Money ) to find out if you * really * want to be a data scientist and then narrow down the areas of business you ’d like to work in .
Make a plan and write down * as you learn * .
Documenting your learning helps solidify the concepts in your head and makes a good resource to show potential employers * and * people you ’ll mentor in your future .
Finally , as I mentioned above , do n’t forget careers are long things .
Be kind and do n’t get burnt out !
Is there anything else you ’d like to say ?
Be kind to your coworkers !
Careers are long .
Thanks for doing the interview , William
The post PyDev of the Week : William Cox appeared first on The Mouse Vs. The Python .
September 28 , 2020 05:05 AM UTC
Greetings Python community , October is fast approaching with vibrant fall colour and our favourite apples .
This is the occasion to set the table for our 80th event – Pedal Kayak – which will take place this coming October 26 .
Pedal Kayak will feature a recap of our September code sprint as well as a captivating series of technical presentations .
Help us better meet your expectations by filling our orientation survey .
The survey takes about 5 minutes to fill and will help us forge high impact events .
The survey will remain open until November 10 .
We are always looking for presenters eager to share their experience and their knowledge .
If you have worked with Python for your personal projects or for work , come and share with our community .
Subit your talk proposal ( 10 to 45 mins long ) by sending an email to mtlpyteam@googlegroups.com or by joining our Slack and announcing your proposal in #general .
September 28 , 2020 04:00 AM UTC
September 27 , 2020
The post How to Convert a Float Array to an Integer Array in Python with NumPy appeared first on Erik Marsja .
In this short NumPy tutorial , we are going to learn how to convert a float array to an integer array in Python .
Specifically , here we are going to learn by example how to carry out this rather simple conversion task .
First , we are going to change the data type from float to integer in a 1 - dimensional array .
Second , we are going to convert float to integer in a 2 - dimensional array .
Now , sometimes we may want to round the numbers before we change the data type .
Thus , we are going through a couple of examples , as well , in which we 1 ) round the numbers with the round ( ) method , 2 ) round the numbers to the nearest largest in with the ceil ( ) method , 3 ) round the float numbers to the nearest smallest numbers with floor ( ) method .
Note , all code can be found in a Jupyter Notebook .
Creating a Float Array
First , however , we are going to create an example NumPy 1 - dimensional array :
import numpy as np oned = np. array ( [ 0.1 , 0.3 , 0.4 , 0.6 , - 1.1 , 0.3 ] )
As you can see , in the code chunk above , we started by importing NumPy as np .
Second , we created a 1 - dimensional array with the array ( ) method .
Here ’s the output of the array containing float numbers :
Now , we are also going to be converting a 2 - dimensional array so let ’s create this one as well :
twod = np. array ( [ [ 0.3 , 1.2 , 2.4 , 3.1 , 4.3 ] , [ 5.9 , 6.8 , 7.6 , 8.5 , 9.2 ] , [ 10.11 , 11.1 , 12.23 , 13.2 , 14.2 ] , [ 15.2 , 16.4 , 17.1 , 18.1 , 19.1 ] ] )
Note , if you have imported your data with Pandas you can also convert the dataframe to a NumPy array .
In the next section , we will be converting the 1 - dimensional array to integer data type using the astype ( ) method .
How to Convert a Float Array to an Integer Array in Python :
Here ’s how to convert a float array to an integer array in Python :
oned_int = oned.astype(int )
Now , if we want to change the data type ( i.e. from float to int ) in the 2 - dimensional array we will do as follows :
twod_int = twod.astype(int )
Now , in the output , from both conversion examples above , we can see that the float numbers were rounded down .
In some cases , we may want the float numbers to be rounded according to common practice .
Therefore , in the next section , we are going to use around ( ) method before converting .
Now , if we want to we can now convert the NumPy array to Pandas dataframe , as well as carrying out descriptive statistics .
Round the Float Numbers Before we Convert them to Integer
Here ’s how to use the around ( ) method before converting the float array to an integer array :
oned = np. array ( [ 0.1 , 0.3 , 0.4 , 0.6 , - 1.1 , 0.3 ] ) oned = np.around ( oned ) oned_int = oned.astype(int )
Now , we can see in the output that the float numbers are rounded up when they should be and , then , we converted them to integers .
Here ’s the output of the converted array :
Round to the Nearest Largest Integer Before Converting to Int
Here ’s how we can use the ceil ( ) method before converting the array to integer :
oned = np. array ( [ 0.1 , 0.3 , 0.4 , 0.6 , - 1.1 , 0.3 ] ) oned = np.ceil ( oned ) oned_int = oned.astype(int )
Now , we can see the different in the output containing the converted float numbers :
Round to the Nearest Smallest Integer Before Converting to Int
Here ’s how to round the numbers to the smallest integer and changing the data type from float to integer :
oned = np. array ( [ 0.1 , 0.3 , 0.4 , 0.6 , - 1.1 , 0.3 ] ) oned = np.floor ( oned ) oned_int = oned.astype(int )
In the image below , we see the results of using the floor ( ) method before converting the array .
It is , of course , possible to carry out the rounding task before converting a 2 - dimensional float array to integer , as well .
Here ’s the link to the Jupyter Notebook containing all the code examples found in this post .
Conclusion
In this NumPy tutorial , we have learned a simple conversion task .
That is , we have converted a float array to an integer array .
To change the data type of the array we used the astype ( ) method .
Hope you learned something .
Please share the post across your social media accounts if you did !
Support the blog by becoming a patron .
Finally , if you have any suggestions , comments , or anything you want me to cover in the blog : leave a comment below .
The post How to Convert a Float Array to an Integer Array in Python with NumPy appeared first on Erik Marsja .
September 27 , 2020 06:59 PM
UTC
In a previous post I have shown how to use turbodbc to access Azure Synapse SQL - on - Demand endpoints .
A common pattern is to use the openrowset function to query parquet data from an external data source like the azure blob storage :
select result .
filepath ( 1 ) as [ c_date ] , * FROM OPENROWSET ( BULK ' https://<storage_account>.dfs.core.windows.net/<filesystem>/sales/table/c_date=*/*.parquet ' , FORMAT = ' PARQUET ' ) with ( [ l_id ] bigint , [ sales_euro ] float , ) as [ result ] where c_date = ' 2020-09-01 '
Common table expressions help to make the sql code more readable , especially if more than one external data source is queried .
Once you have defined the CTE statements at the top you can use them like normal tables inside your queries :
WITH location AS ( SELECT * FROM OPENROWSET ( BULK ' https://<storage_account>.dfs.core.windows.net/<filesystem>/location/table/*.parquet ' , FORMAT = ' PARQUET ' ) with ( [ l_id ] bigint , [ l_name ] varchar ( 100 ) , [ latitude ] float , [ longitude ] float ) as [ result ] ) , sales AS ( SELECT result .
filepath ( 1 ) as [ c_date ] , * FROM OPENROWSET ( BULK ' https://<storage_account>.dfs.core.windows.net/<filesystem>/sales/table/c_date=*/*.parquet ' , FORMAT = ' PARQUET ' ) with ( [ l_id ] bigint , [ sales_euro ] float , ) as [ result ] ) SELECT location .
l_id , sales .
sales_euro FROM sales JOIN location ON sales .
l_id = location .
l_id where c_date = ' 2020-01-01 '
Still writing such queries in data pipelines soon becomes cumbersome end error prone .
So once we moved from writing the queries in the Azure Synapse Workbench to using them in our daily workflows with python , we wanted to have a better way to programmatically generate the SQL statements .
SQLAlchemy is still our library of choice to work with SQL in python .
SQLAlchemy already has support for Microsoft SQL Server so most of the Azure Synapse SQL - on - Demand features are covered .
I have not yet found a native way to work with openrowset queries , but it 's quite easy to use the text ( ) feature to inject the missing statement
import sqlalchemy as sa cte_location_raw = ' '' * FROM OPENROWSET ( BULK ' https://<storage_account>.dfs.core.windows.net/<filesystem>/location/table/*.parquet' , FORMAT=' PARQUET ' ) with ( [ l_id ] bigint , [ l_name ] varchar ( 100 ) , [ latitude ] float , [ longitude ] float ) as [ result ] ''' cte = sa .
select ( [ sa . text ( cte_location_raw ) ] ) . cte ( ' location ' ) q = sa .
select ( [ sa . column ( ' l_id ' ) , sa . column ( ' l_code ' ) , sa . column ( ' l_name ' ) ] ) .
select_from ( cte )
The cte returns a Common Table Expression instance which is a subclass of the BaseSelect SELECT statement and can be used as such in other statements to generate the following code :
WITH location AS ( SELECT * FROM OPENROWSET ( BULK ' https://<storage_account>.dfs.core.windows.net/<filesystem>/location/table/*.parquet ' , FORMAT = ' PARQUET ' ) with ( [ l_id ] bigint , [ l_name ] varchar ( 100 ) , [ latitude ] float , [ longitude ] float ) as [ result ] ) SELECT l_id , l_code , l_name FROM location
The cte statement does not know about it 's columns because it only gets passed the raw sql text .
But you can annotate the sa.text statement with a typemap dictionary , so that it exposes which columns are available from the statement .
By annotating the cte we can use the table .c.column statement later to reference the columns instead of using sa.column ( ' l_code ' ) as above .
import sqlalchemy as sa cte_location_raw = ' '' * FROM OPENROWSET ( BULK ' https://<storage_account>.dfs.core.windows.net/<filesystem>/location/table/*.parquet' , FORMAT=' PARQUET ' ) with ( [ l_id ] bigint , [ l_name ] varchar ( 100 ) , [ latitude ] float , [ longitude ] float ) as [ result ] ''' typemap = { " l_id " : sa .
Integer , " l_code " : sa .
String , " l_name " : sa .
String , " latitude " : sa .
Float , " longitude " : sa .
Float } cte = sa .
select ( [ sa . text ( cte_location_raw , typemap = typemap ) ] ) . cte ( ' location ' ) q = sa .
select ( [ cte . c . l_id , cte . c . l_name ] ) .
select_from ( cte )
So putting everything together you can define and test your CTEs in python
import sqlalchemy as sa cte_sales_raw = ''' SELECT result.filepath( 1 ) as [ c_date ] , * FROM OPENROWSET ( BULK ' https://<storage_account>.dfs.core.windows.net/<filesystem>/sales/table/*.parquet' , FORMAT=' PARQUET ' ) with ( [ l_id ] bigint , [ sales_euro ] float , ) as [ result ] ''' cte_location_raw = ''' SELECT * FROM OPENROWSET ( BULK ' https://<storage_account>.dfs.core.windows.net/<filesystem>/location/table/*.parquet' , FORMAT=' PARQUET ' ) with ( [ l_id ] bigint , [ l_name ] varchar ( 100 ) , [ latitude ] float , [ longitude ] float ) as [ result ] ''' typemap_location = { " l_id " : sa .
Integer , " l_name " : sa .
String , " latitude " : sa .
Float , " longitude " : sa .
Float } location = sa .
select ( [ sa . text ( cte_location_raw , typemap = typemap_location ) . alias ( " tmp1 " ) ] ) . cte ( ' location ' ) typemap_sales = { " l_id " : sa .
Integer , " c_date " : sa .
Date , " sales_euro " : sa .
Float } sales = sa .
select ( [ sa . text ( cte_sales_raw , typemap = typemap_sales ) . alias ( " tmp2 " ) ] ) . cte ( ' sales ' )
and then compose more complex statements like with any other SQLAlchemy table definitions :
cols = [ sales .
c . c_date , sales . c . l_id , location . c . l_name , location . c . latitude , location . c . longitude ] q = sa .
select ( cols ) .
select_from ( sales .
join ( location , sales .
c . l_id == location . c . l_id ) )
In our production data pipelins at Blue Yonder we typically provide the building blocks to create complex queries in libraries that are maintained by a central team .
Testing smaller parts with SQLAlchemy works much better and it's easier for data scientists to plug them together and concentrate on high level model logic .
We like the power of Azure SQL - on - Demand , but managing and testing complex SQL statements is still a challenge as you can already see by the result of the above code .
But at least SQLAlchemy and Python make it easier :
WITH sales AS ( SELECT l_id AS l_id , c_date AS c_date , sales_euro AS sales_euro FROM ( SELECT result .
filepath ( 1 ) as [ c_date ] , * FROM OPENROWSET ( BULK ' https://<storage_account>.dfs.core.windows.net/<filesystem>/sales/table/*.parquet ' , FORMAT = ' PARQUET ' ) with ( [ l_id ] bigint , [ sales_euro ] float , ) as [ result ] ) as tmp1 ) , location AS ( SELECT l_id AS l_id , l_name AS l_name , latitude AS latitude , longitude AS longitude FROM ( SELECT * FROM OPENROWSET ( BULK ' https://<storage_account>.dfs.core.windows.net/<filesystem>/location/table/*.parquet ' , FORMAT = ' PARQUET ' ) with ( [ l_id ] bigint , [ l_name ] varchar ( 100 ) , [ latitude ] float , [ longitude ] float ) as [ result ] ) as tmp2 ) SELECT sales .
c_date , sales .
l_id , location .
l_name , location .
latitude , location .
longitude FROM sales JOIN location ON sales .
l_id = location .
l_id
September 27 , 2020 12:00 AM UTC
September 26 , 2020
These are the ten most rated questions at Stack Overflow last week .
Between brackets : [ question score / answers count ]
Build date : 2020-09-26 18:08:21 GMT
September 26 , 2020 06:08 PM UTC
The post How to Perform Mann - Whitney U Test in Python with Scipy and Pingouin appeared first on Erik Marsja .
In this data analysis tutorial , you will learn how to carry out a Mann - Whitney U test in Python with the package SciPy .
This test is also known as Mann–Whitney –Wilcoxon ( MWW ) , Wilcoxon rank - sum test , or Wilcoxon–Mann–Whitney test and is a non-parametric hypothesis test .
Outline of the Post
In this tutorial , you will learn when and how to use this non-parametric test .
After that , we will see an example of a situation when the Mann - Whitney U test can be used .
The example is followed by how to install the needed package ( i.e. , SciPy ) as well as a package that makes importing data easy and that we can quickly visualize the data to support the interpretation of the results .
In the following section , you will learn the 2 steps to carry out the Mann - Whitney - Wilcoxon test in Python .
Note , we will also have a look at another package , Pingouin , that enables us to carry out statistical tests with Python .
Finally , we will learn how to interpret the results and visualize data to support our interpretation .
When to use the Mann - Whitney U test
This test is a rank - based test that can be used to compare values for two groups .
If we get a significant result it suggests that the values for the two groups are different .
As previously mentioned , the Mann - Whitney U test is equivalent to a two - sample Wilcoxon rank - sum test .
Furthermore , we do n’t have to assume that our data is following the normal distribution and can decide whether the population distributions are identical .
Now , the Mann–Whitney test does not address hypotheses about the medians of the groups .
Rather , the test addresses if it is likely that an observation in one group is greater than an observation in the other group .
In other words , it concerns whether one sample has stochastic dominance compared with the other .
The test assumes that the observations are independent .
That is , it is not appropriate for paired observations or repeated measures data .
Appropriate data
One - way data with two groups : two - sample data , that is ,
Your dependent variable is of one of the three following : 1 ) ordinal , 2 ) interval , or 3 ) ratio ,
The independent variable is a factor with two levels ( again , only two groups , see the first point ) ,
Observations between groups are independent .
That is , not paired or repeated measures data
To be a test of medians , the distributions of values for both the groups have to be of similar shape and spread .
Under other conditions , the Mann - Whitney U test is by and large a test of stochastic equality .
Hypotheses
As with the two samples t- test there are normally two hypothesis :
Null hypothesis ( H 0 ) :
The two groups are sampled from populations with identical distributions .
Typically , the sampled populations exhibit stochastic equality .
) :
The two groups are sampled from populations with identical distributions .
Typically , the sampled populations exhibit stochastic equality .
Alternative hypothesis ( H a : The two groups are sampled from populations with different distributions ( see the previous section ) .
Most of the time , this means that one of the sampled populations ( groups ) displays stochastic dominance .
Interpretation
If the results are significant they can be reported as “ The values for men were significantly different from those for women . ” , if you are examining differences in values between men and women .
To conclude , you should use this test instead of e.g. , two - sample t- test using Python if the above information is true for your data .
Example
In this section , before moving on to how to carry out the test , we will have a quick look at an example when you should use the Mann - Whitney U test .
If you , for example , run an intervention study designed to examine the effectiveness of a new psychological treatment to reduce symptoms of depression in adults .
Let ’s say that you have a total of n=14 participants .
Furthermore , these participants are randomized to receive either the treatment or no treatment , at all .
In your study , the participants are asked to record the number of depressive episodes over a 1 week period following receipt of the assigned treatment .
Here are some example data :
Example data Example data
In this example , the question you might want to answer is : is there a difference in the number of depressive episodes over a 1 week period in participants receiving the new treatment as in comparison to those receiving no treatment ?
By inspecting your data , it appears that participants receiving no treatment have more depressive episodes .
The crucial question is , however , is this statistically significant ?
In this example , the outcome variable is number of episodes ( count ) and , naturally , in this sample , the data do not follow a normal distribution .
Note , Pandas was used to create the above histogram .
Prerequisites
To follow this tutorial you will need to have Pandas and SciPy installed .
Now , you can get these packages using your favorite Python package manager .
For example , installing Python packages with pip can be done as follows :
pip install scipy pandas pingouin
Note , both Pandas and Pingouin are optional .
However , using these packages have , as you will see later , their advantages .
Hint , Pandas make data importing easy .
If you ever need , you can also use pip to install a specific version of a package .
2 Steps to Perform the Mann - Whitney U test in Python
In this section , we will go through the steps to carry out the Mann - Whitney U test using Pandas and SciPy .
In the first step , we will get our data .
After the data is stored in a dataframe , we will carry out the non-parametric test .
Step1 : Get your Data
Here ’s one way to import data to Python with Pandas :
import pandas as pd data = { ' Notrt ' :[ 7 , 5 , 6 , 4 , 12 , 9 , 8 ] , ' Trt ' :[ 3 , 6 , 4 , 2 , 1 , 5 , 1 ]} df = pd.DataFrame ( data )
In the code chunk above , we created a dataframe from a dictionary .
Of course , most of the time we will have our data stored in formats such as CSV or Excel .
See the following posts about how to import data in Python with Pandas :
Here ’s also worth noting that if your data is stored in long format , you will have to subset your data such that you can get the data from each group into two different variables .
Step 2 : Use the mannwhitneyu method from SciPy :
Here ’s how to perform the Mann - Whitney U test in Python with SciPy :
from scipy.stats import mannwhitneyu results = mannwhitney u( df [ ' Notrt ' ] , df [ ' Trt ' ] ) results
Notice that we selected the columns , for each group , as x and y parameters to the mannwhitneyu method .
If your data , as previously mentioned , is stored in long format ( e.g. , see image further down below ) you can use Pandas query ( ) method to subset the data .
results from the wilcoxon rank sum test results from the wilcoxon rank sum test
Here ’s how to perform the test , using df.query ( ) , if your data is stored in a similar way as in the image above :
import pandas as pd idrt = [ i for i in range ( 1 , 8 ) ] idrt += idrt data = { ' Count ' :[ 7 , 5 , 6 , 4 , 12 , 9 , 8 , 3 , 6 , 4 , 2 , 1 , 5 , 1 ] , ' Condition ' :[ ' No Treatment ' ]* 7 + [ ' Treatment ' ]* 7 , ' IDtrt ' : idrt} df = pd.DataFrame ( data ) x = df.query ( ' Condition == " No Treatment " ' ) [ ' Count ' ] y = df.query ( ' Condition == " Treatment " ' ) [ ' Count ' ] mannwhitneyu(x , y )
Now , there are some things to be explained here .
First , the mannwhitneyu method will by default carry out a one - sided test .
If we , on the other hand , would use the parameter alternative and set it to “ two - sided ” we would get different results .
Make sure you check out the documentation before using the method .
In the next section , we will have a look at another , previously mentioned , Python package that also can be used to do the Mann - Whitney U test .
Mann -Whitney U Test with the Python Package Pingouin
As previously mentioned , we can also install the Python package Pingouin to carry out the Mann - Whitney U test .
Here ’s how to perform this test with the mwu( ) method :
from pingouin import mwu results2 = mwu( df [ ' Notrt ' ] , df [ ' Trt ' ] , tail= ' one - sided ' )
Now , the advantage with using the mwu method is that we will get some additional information ( e.g. , common language effect size ; CLES ) .
Here ’s the output :
Interpreting the Results of the Mann - Whitney U test
In this section , we will start off by interpreting the results of the test .
Now , this is pretty straight forward .
In our example , we can reject H 0 because 3 < 7 .
Furthermore , we have statistically significant evidence at α =0.05 to show that the treatment groups differ in the number of depressive episodes .
Naturally , in a real application , we would have set both the H 0 and H a prior to conducting the hypothesis test , as we did here .
Visualizing the Data with Boxplots
To aid the interpretation of our results we can create box plots with Pandas :
axarr = df.boxplot( column= ' Count ' , by= ' Condition ' , figsize= ( 8 , 6 ) , grid= False ) axarr.set_title ( '' ) axarr.set_ylabel( ' Number of Depressive Episodes ' )
In the box plot , we can see that the median is greater for the group that did not get any treatment compared to the group that got treatment .
Furthermore , if there were any outliers in our data they would show up as dots in the box plot .
If you are interested in more data visualization techniques have a look at the post “ 9 Data Visualization Techniques You Should Learn in Python ” .
Visualizing the results of Mann - Whitney U test Visualizing the results of Mann - Whitney U test
Conclusion
In this post , you have learned how to perform the Mann - Whitney U test using the Python packages SciPy , Pandas , and Pingouin .
Moreover , you have learned when to carry out this non-parametric test both by learning about e.g. when it is appropriate and by an example .
After this , you learned how to carry out the test using data from the example .
Finally , you have learned how to interpret the results and visualize the data .
Note that you preferably should have a larger sample size than in the example of the current post .
Of course , you should also make the decision on whether to carry out a one - sided or two - sided test based on theory .
In the example of this post , we can assume that going without treatment would mean more depressive episodes .
However , in other examples this may not be true .
Hope you have learned something and if you have a comment , a suggestion , or anything you can leave a comment below .
Finally , I would very much appreciate it if you shared this post across your social media accounts if you found it useful !
References
In this final section , you will find some references and resources that may prove useful .
Note , there are both links to blog posts and peer - reviewed articles .
Sadly , some of the content here is behind paywalls .
Mann -Whitney U Test
Mann , H. B. ; Whitney , D. R. On a Test of Whether one of Two Random Variables is Stochastically Larger than the Other .
Ann. Math . Statist. 18 ( 1947 ) , no. 1 , 50 –60 . doi:10.1214/aoms/1177730491 .
https://projecteuclid.org/euclid.aoms/1177730491
Vargha , A. , & Delaney , H. D. ( 2000 ) .
A Critique and Improvement of the CL Common Language Effect Size Statistics of McGraw and Wong. Journal of Educational and Behavioral Statistics , 25 ( 2 ) , 101 –132 .
https://doi.org/10.3102/10769986025002101
The post How to Perform Mann - Whitney U Test in Python with Scipy and Pingouin appeared first on Erik Marsja .
September 26 , 2020 12:34 PM
UTC
