Learning how to cook food stimulated a big leap in human cognition some 150,000 years ago , a new study suggests .
Cooking breaks down fibers and makes nutrients more readily available , so our digestive systems then required less energy than those of creatures eating all raw foods .
This freed calories up to feed our brains , the thinking goes .
Image
After two tremendous growth spurts — one in size , followed by an even more important one in cognitive ability — the human brain is now a lot like a teenage boy .
It consumes huge amounts of calories , is rather temperamental and , when harnessed just right , exhibits incredible prowess .
The brain 's roaring metabolism , possibly stimulated by early man 's invention of cooking , may be the main factor behind our most critical cognitive leap , new research suggests .
About 2 million years ago , the human brain rapidly increased its mass until it was double the size of other primate brains .
" This happened because we started to eat better food , like eating more meat , " said researcher Philipp Khaitovich of the Partner Institute for Computational Biology in Shanghai .
But the increase in size , Khaitovich continued , " did not make humans as smart as they are today . "
The early shift
For a long time , we were pretty dumb .
Humans did little but make " the same very boring stone tools for almost 2 million years , " he said .
Then , only about 150,000 years ago , a different type of spurt happened — our big brains suddenly got smart .
We started innovating .
We tried different materials , such as bone , and invented many new tools , including needles for beadwork .
Responding to , presumably , our first abstract thoughts , we started creating art and maybe even religion .
To understand what caused the cognitive spurt , Khaitovich and colleagues examined chemical brain processes known to have changed in the past 200,000 years .
Comparing apes and humans , they found the most robust differences were for processes involved in energy metabolism .
The finding suggests that increased access to calories spurred our cognitive advances , said Khaitovich , carefully adding that definitive claims of causation are premature .
The research is detailed in the August 2008 issue of Genome Biology .
The extra calories may not have come from more food , but rather from the emergence of pre-historic " Iron Chefs ; " the first hearths also arose about 200,000 years ago .
In most animals , the gut needs a lot of energy to grind out nourishment from food sources .
But cooking , by breaking down fibers and making nutrients more readily available , is a way of processing food outside the body .
Eating ( mostly ) cooked meals would have lessened the energy needs of our digestion systems , Khaitovich explained , thereby freeing up calories for our brains .
Instead of growing even larger ( which would have made birth even more problematic ) , the human brain most likely used the additional calories to grease the wheels of its internal functioning .
Digestion question
Today , humans have relatively small digestive systems and burn 20 - 25 percent of their calories running their brains .
For comparison , other vertebrate brains use as little as 2 percent of the animal 's caloric intake .
Does this mean renewing our subscriptions to Bon Appetit will make our brains more efficient ?
No , but we probably should avoid diving into the raw food movement .
Devoted followers end up , said Khaitovich , " with very severe health problems . "
Scientists wonder if our cognitive spurt happened too fast .
Some of our most common mental health problems , ranging from depression and bipolar disorder to autism and schizophrenia , may be by - products of the metabolic changes that happened in an evolutionary " blink of an eye , " Khaitovich said .
While other theories for the brain 's cognitive spurt have not been ruled out ( one involves the introduction of fish to the human diet ) , the finding sheds light on what made us , as Khaitovich put it , " so strange compared to other animals . "
" It appears that the one area where McCain may be able to gain traction in New Jersey is if he can make the campaign a referendum on Obama 's personal judgment , " said Patrick Murray , the Monmouth University Polling Institute director .
" At this time , though , that appears to be a slim hope .
Everything else on the electoral horizon benefits the Democrat . "
Rails special sauce : Test :: Unit setup and teardown
Rails adds plenty of special sauce to Ruby standard library .
Being a fan of testing and all that , let me show you what I found while spelunking around the Rails supporting test cases :
The revelation
module ActionMailer class TestCase < ActiveSupport :: TestCase setup :initialize_test_deliveries protected def initialize_test_deliveries # ... snip ... end # ... snip ... end end
The shock
What the ?!?!
I thought you had to def setup for setup methods ….
but here , it ’s a method call , that takes a symbol .
The realization
This reminds me of something …
class Subscription < ActiveRecord ::
Base before_create : record_signup private def record_signup self .
signed_up_on = Date . today end end
Shocking to say , but they are similar , because they both use ActiveSupport : : Callbacks .
Basically , this allows us to specify setup and teardown blocks the same way we ’ve been specifying ActionController filters and ActiveRecord callbacks :
Using a method name as a symbol
Using a block
Using a method
Using conditions
Determined by a lambda
Determined by a method name as a symbol
The experiment
Let ’s try using these all together :
require ' rubygems ' require ' active_support ' require ' active_support/test_case ' require ' test/unit ' class ExampleTest < Test :: Unit :: TestCase def setup puts " called from def setup " end setup :setup_with_symbol setup :setup_never_called , : if => : never setup :setup_never_called , : if => lambda { false } setup do puts " called from a block " end def setup_with_symbol puts " called by using symbol of a method name " end def test_nothing puts " I am testing nothing " assert true end def setup_never_called flunk " Should never be displayed " end def never false end end
This outputs :
Loaded suite test - test Started called by using symbol of a method name called from a setup block called from def setup I am testing nothing .
Finished in 0.000371 seconds .
1 tests , 1 assertions , 0 failures , 0 errors
The conclusion
So why is this significant ?
Several years ago , a great cell phone signal was a nice thing to have .
These days , it ’s absolutely essential for almost all of us .
We are permanently switching from landlines to cell phones , with many of us no longer wanting to pay for two phone services when one will do just fine .
However , one does n’t always “ do just fine . ”
You ’ll know this yourself if you have experienced dropped calls , broken voices , no bars , and a frustrating lack of service when you ’re out and about .
But it can be even worse when you live in an area with very weak cell phone reception .
But do n’t worry , there are ways to boost your signal and keep in contact with the world .
Here are 6 of the best .
Ask Your Provider For a Free Signal Booster .
The first tip really is that simple , and yes , there is actually a device called a signal booster .
It ’s also known as a repeater , and it improves the reception at your home or office by amplifying and repeating the signal .
Now , there are many variations of this kind of device available for sale , and can be picked uip at places as common as Walmart and Best Buy .
BUT , they ’re expensive .
Some can cost over $ 500 , which is a big chunk of change .
And what ’s more , it ’s infuriating to have to pay for something else because you are not getting the coverage you are paying for .
What you may not know is that many most service providers will let you borrow these devices for a very small deposit ; or better yet , no deposit at all .
T - Mobile , for instance , offers customers a Cel - Fi 4G LTE Signal Booster to anyone having trouble getting a good signal , and you are only required to pay for shipping ( a measly $ 6 according to this customer ) .
This is smart on T - Mobile ’s part .
They know signal strength is a huge issue , and do not want you leaving for another provider , when a simple equipment upgrade will make you happy .
So , check into it today .
If You Have Wi-Fi , Use It To Make Calls .
This may seem like an obvious idea to those of you already making Wi -Fi calls , but for many people , it ’s an option they had never considered .
Most of us are lucky to have Wi -Fi in our homes , and we tap into it with our iPads , computers , DVD players and gaming consoles to access the Internet and online content .
However , it is also very handy for making phone calls , and several smartphones and providers have a Wi -Fi calling feature .
You can even set up your phone to automatically connect to Wi -Fi when you get home , and you will not even notice that you are making and receiving calls over the Internet rather than via a cell phone signal .
What ’s more , the switch between the cellular network and your home or office Wi -Fi network can be seamless .
You can enter the house talking on the phone over 4G , and finish your conversation over Wi-Fi .
If you do n’t have high speed Internet and Wi-Fi at home , but your neighbor does , maybe you can negotiate a small monthly fee to gain access to their Wi -Fi signal .
For an Extended Battery , Bring Out The Foil Tape .
By far the biggest issue most of us face with cell phones , other than poor reception , is battery life .
That ’s why the extended batteries and cases are becoming so popular .
Unfortunately , it ’s a case of getting more battery life at the expense of the good signal .
Many of the aftermarket batteries interfere with the reception , making it weak , or sometimes non-existent .
Instructables user Geezer Nelson had this problem , and decided to do something about it .
All you need is a roll of foil tape ( copper or aluminum ) that you can buy at any hardware store , and a few other small items .
This was very a helpful when I had the same reception problems after I added a larger battery to my Galaxy S4 .
As you are making modifications to an aftermarket battery , and not one that came with the phone , or the phone itself , you are not doing anything to invalidate your warranty .
Try a Femtocell .
This is certainly not as good as a signal booster , but it may be worth a try if your options are limited .
To start with , you need to understand the difference between a signal booster and a femtocell .
Basically , a signal booster captures the signal outside of your home or office , amplifies it greatly , and then repeats this stronger signal inside .
A femtocell is more like a mini cell phone tower .
It ’s about the size of a router , and works in much the same way .
Femtocells work with one specific provider , and can eat up your Internet bandwidth .
BUT , they are easier to install , and are a better option for people who have absolutely no coverage ( a signal booster NEEDS some kind of signal to boost ) .
You can read more about femtocells , and the pros and cons of the technology , right here .
Use an External Antenna .
A Jack External Antenna plugs into the headphone jack of your phone and promises to boost the signal .
Depending on the make and model of your cell phone , there will be different options available to you .
And as always , different options means different prices .
Of course , the major drag with these is that they are bulky , inconvenient , and are a horrible looking addition to any phone .
Some of them even look like old - fashioned TV aerials .
But if you ’re out in the middle of nowhere , maybe camping or fishing , it ’s a possible option .
It ’s certainly not one you can just pop in your pocket when you ’re out dancing at the club .
Make Your Own Booster Antenna .
If you ’re feeling handy , and do n’t want to pay money for one of those external antennas mentioned above , you can always build your own discrete version .
It can be done very quickly and easily with simple materials .
You will need : Magnet wire ; wire cutters ; emery cloth ; transparent tape ; a ruler .
Complete instructions are available on the easy to follow video below , and will take you under a minute .
It ’s much less conspicuous , very cheap , and it works .
But , as the video states , you do this at your own risk .
It may invalidate your warranty , or perhaps even brick your phone .
But , that ’s highly doubtful .
Like this article ?
Pin it !
I do n’t know many geeks who do n’t love watching a good animated stop motion movie , and the following one , even if it relates a love story between a young boy and girl , should please most of our audience .
To put it simply , the animation really shines by its brilliance , and could even bring a tear to your eye if you ’re of the romantic type .
Enjoy !
– Thanks Vlog !
Pin Share Email 0 Shares
( CNN ) -- Sen. Hillary Clinton may have endorsed Sen. Barack Obama for president in a speech at the Democratic National Convention Tuesday night , but Sen .
John McCain 's campaign said she stopped short of saying that he is ready to lead the country .
Rudolph Giuliani said Barack Obama should have picked Hillary Clinton for his ticket : " It is a no - brainer . "
" Sen . Clinton ran her presidential campaign making clear that Barack Obama is not prepared to lead as commander in chief .
Nowhere tonight did she alter that assessment .
Nowhere tonight did she say that Barack Obama is ready to lead , " McCain spokesman Tucker Bounds said in a statement .
" Millions of Hillary Clinton supporters and millions of Americans remain concerned about whether Barack Obama is ready to be president . "
Clinton made clear in her speech that she did not want her supporters to vote for McCain even though the Arizona senator has made a concerted effort to reach out to Clinton backers .
" No way .
No how .
No McCain , " Clinton said at the Democratic convention in Denver , Colorado .
" Barack Obama is my candidate .
And he must be our president . "
Watch Clinton 's entire speech »
She described McCain as her colleague and her friend but then laid into him .
" It makes sense that George Bush and John McCain will be together next week in the Twin Cities , " she said , referring to next week 's Republican National Convention .
" Because these days , they 're awfully hard to tell apart . "
Republicans said the Twin Cities comment was effective because it played into the Democrats ' efforts to cast McCain 's policies as a continuation of the Bush administration .
" It 's right along their theme of trying to put President Bush and John McCain together which , of course , John McCain has made such a point of being an independent , " Sen .
Kay Bailey Hutchison told CNN's Larry King .
" That is one of the great things about him -- he really calls his own shots and he agrees when he really does and he 's willing to disagree if he doesn't , " Hutchison said .
" The Democratic party seems to be two Democratic parties , the party of Hillary Rodham Clinton and the party of Barack Obama , " U.S. Rep. Michele Bachmann of Minnesota told Larry King .
" The main thing is the fact is Barack Obama has n't put the party together yet and were looking at September 1 . "
But the McCain campaign said Clinton 's speech validated many of their points about Obama 's lack of experience .
" This was her time to make her case for Barack Obama , " Bounds told Larry King .
" It validated the argument that she made and that we 're making ... Choose experience with John McCain or choose an inexperienced rookie to put in the White House . "
The McCain campaign echoed sentiments expressed earlier Tuesday by two other Republicans who attacked Obama 's fitness to run the country .
" He 's a charming guy , he 's a celebrity , but does he have the judgment and experience that comes from a life - long service in one sector or another ? " former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney asked .
Romney was one of two high - profile Republicans who made cameos Tuesday night at the convention .
Former New York Mayor Rudolph Giuliani -- who , like Romney , pursued a failed campaign for the Republican presidential nomination -- also appeared on CNN's Situation Room to discuss the viability of an Obama - Biden ticket .
Giuliani said Obama made a " big mistake " when he passed over Clinton , the most anticipated speaker at Tuesday night 's Democratic convention , for Sen .
Joe Biden as his vice presidential running mate .
" The normal political thing to do , in terms of the best decision to make to win , would 've been to pick Hillary Clinton , " Giuliani , former mayor of New York , told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer on the floor of the convention .
" It is a no -brainer .
She got 18 million votes .
Joe got 9,000 votes , " Giuliani said , referring to their showings in polls during their failed bids for the Democratic presidential ticket .
" She commands about 45 , 48 percent of this convention . "
Watch Giuliani talk about Clinton »
Giuliani , who is to make the keynote speech at the Republican National Convention in Minnesota next week , also emphasized the Illinois ' senator 's lack of experience .
" That 's what the choice for a president comes down to .
It does n't come down to a choice between the abstract and the abstract ; it comes down to a choice between two people , " Giuliani said .
" You can't avoid that comparison .
You 've got one [ candidate ] with a lot of experience and one with virtually no experience . "
Giuliani and Romney pointed out that both Clinton and Biden attacked Obama for his lack of experience when they were running against him this year .
Democrats believe that the Obama camp chose Biden , known for his vociferous critiques of the Bush administration , to help fill perceived gaps in Obama 's résumé with his foreign policy experience .
Romney playfully referred to Biden 's reputation for being a sharp debater .
" Joe Biden is an impenetrable thicket of words , " Romney said .
" I can't imagine anybody who is ready to debate Joe Biden . "
Romney , whose name has been tossed around as a potential running mate for McCain , brushed aside questions about the Arizona senator 's search for a vice president .
" I 'm not sure when John McCain will make his vice president announcement or who it 'll be , " Romney said .
" I have confidence in his instincts .
He 's proven time and time again that those instincts serve him well , and I think he 'll make a wise choice . "
All About Barack Obama • Rudolph Giuliani • Mitt Romney • John McCain
[ social_buttons ]
There has been a rush of investment into renewable energy in recent years .
In 2007 , global wind energy capacity grew by 27 % and solar energy sales grew an estimated 50 % .
Offering insight into where future growth is likely to occur , Ernst & Young produced a report that follows a variety of indices including long - term wind , near - term wind , and all renewables .
Here are the top five prime nations for renewable energy investment :
1- United States
The U.S. has particularly high scores in the areas of onshore wind , solar , and infrastructure .
The sheer size of the country provides an advantage with plentiful wind , solar , and agricultural resources .
This high score is likely to decrease if the Production Tax Credit expires at the end of the year .
Both presidential candidates however support a cap and trade system for carbon , creating another means to promote renewable energy .
2- Germany
Despite taking second place , Germany outscored the U.S. in the offshore wind , solar , and biomass / other categories .
Legislation in Germany , including feed - in tariffs offers a strong market for renewable energy .
3- India
Just behind Germany , India has a high score for onshore wind and infrastructure , but lags considerably behind the U.S. and Germany for offshore wind .
India will see considerable growth in hydropower , with plans for 143 projects totally 20 GW of generation capacity .
4- Spain
The U.K. and Spain are tied for forth place .
Spain scored well for onshore wind and solar energy , but much lower in offshore wind energy .
The Spanish government recently boosted the solar industry by agreeing to subsidize the first 1,200 MW of solar capacity installed .
5- United Kingdom
The U.K. has the highest score in offshore wind energy , but had a weak score for solar energy .
The requirement to generate 15 % of electricity from elegible renewables by 2015 has fueled the renewable obligation certificates market .
GRAFTON , Mass . 
Given the opportunity to get out of paying state income tax , who would n’t jump at the chance ?
Certainly Ruth Gregoire would .
Ms. Gregoire , 71 , a retired employee of a fire sprinkler company , dipped into chocolate ice cream at Swirls and Scoops and pronounced the no-tax idea “ very nice . ”
Lakis Theoharis , 56 , the owner of the nearby Pepperoni Express , said : “ I ’m for the repeal of the tax .
To me , the smaller the government , the better for the citizens . ”
And Rich Masterson , 39 , a trucking company supervisor , said , “ I would love to see that ! ”
That view is exactly what most state and local officials in Massachusetts are afraid of .
Amid the whirlwind presidential election , Massachusetts has a ballot contest of its own this November that could drastically alter  some would say cripple  state government .
Editor 's note : CNN.com has a business partnership with CareerBuilder.com , which serves as the exclusive provider of job listings and services to CNN.com .
Marine engineers like these ones earn an annual median income of $ 78,450 .
High salaries have a nasty stigma attached them .
One that reeks of years of school , advanced qualifications , extensive training and many years of experience , which some people just do n't have .
While these are in fact requirements of some high - figure salaries , they are n't a prerequisite for all of them .
What many workers do n't know is that there are numerous jobs that pay well above the average full - time worker 's salary of $ 33,634 * -- that do n't require a Ph.D. or at least 10 years experience .
That 's not to say that the following positions are easy to come by -- like any position , no matter what the salary , you do have some qualifications to score the job .
To help you figure out your options , we came up with a list of 15 jobs that earn in the $ 70,000 range and are expected to increase in demand between now and 2016 .
They require various levels of experience and education so take a peek and see if there 's something for you :
Radiation therapist
Annual median income : $ 70,010
Projected employment in 2016 : 18,000 **
Increase between 2006 and 2016 : 25 percent
Nuclear power reactor operator
Annual median income : $ 70,410
Projected employment in 2016 : 4,200
Increase between 2006 and 2016 : 11 percent
Management analyst
Annual median income : $ 70,990
Projected employment in 2016 : 827,000
Increase between 2006 and 2016 : 22 percent
Industrial - organizational psychologist
Annual median income : $ 86,420
Projected employment in 2016 : 2,400
Increase between 2006 and 2016 : 21 percent
Environmental engineer
Annual median income : $ 72,350
Projected employment in 2016 : 68,000
Increase between 2006 and 2016 : 25 percent
First - line supervisor / manager of police and detectives
Annual median income : $ 72,620
Projected employment in 2016 : 102,000
Increase between 2006 and 2016 : 9 percent
Computer systems analyst
Annual median income : $ 73,090
Projected employment in 2016 : 650,000
Increase between 2006 and 2016 : 29 percent
Advertising and promotions manager
Annual median income : $ 73,666
Projected employment in 2016 : 50,000
Increase between 2006 and 2016 : 6 percent
Administrative law judges , adjudicators , and hearing officer
Annual median income : $ 74,170
Projected employment in 2016 : 15,000
Increase between 2006 and 2016 : 0 percent
Administrative services manager
Annual median income : $ 75,083
Projected employment in 2016 : 276,000
Increase between 2006 and 2016 : 12 percent
Education administrator , post - secondary
Annual median income : $ 75,780
Projected employment in 2016 : 150,000
Increase between 2006 and 2016 : 14 percent
Marine engineers and naval architect
Annual median income : $ 76,200
Projected employment in 2016 : 10,000
Increase between 2006 and 2016 : 11 percent
Physician assistant
Annual median income : $ 78,450
Projected employment in 2016 : 83,000
Increase between 2006 and 2016 : 27 percent
Agricultural sciences teacher , post - secondary
Annual median income : $ 78,460
Projected employment in 2016 : 2.1 million ( post - secondary teachers )
Increase between 2006 and 2016 : 23 percent
Veterinarian
Annual median income : $ 79,368
Projected employment in 2016 : 84,000
Increase between 2006 and 2016 : 35 percent
* Figures based on data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics and CBSalary.com
** Employment data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics
Copyright CareerBuilder.com 2009 .
All rights reserved .
The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority
All About Jobs and Labor
Business management guru Michael Hammer has died at the age of 60 .
He had collapsed after apparent cranial bleeding last month .
The MIT graduate and former computer science professor was a widely heard public speaker and author of numerous bestsellers , including his 1993 book Reengineering the Corporation , which he wrote with James Champy .
Other books from Hammer included the The Reengineering Revolution ( 1995 ) , Beyond Reengineering ( 1997 ) , and The Agenda ( 2001 ) ( He spoke with sister publication CIO when The Agenda was released . )
The concept of reengineering involves doing business differently by organizing along the lines off complete processes rather than individual tasks .
The term reengineering has become commonplace across many areas of IT , such as in data reengineering and application integration .
Hammer was founder and president of Hammer and Co. , a Cambridge , Mass .
management education and research outfit .
Over the years his clients included big IT and telecom firms , including AT&T .
His company bio describes him as : " An engineer by training , Dr. Hammer focuses on the operational nuts and bolts of business ; his work is relentlessly pragmatic and immediately relevant . "
Tributes to Hammer have started to roll in across the blogosphere .
More must - reads from Bob Brown : * What " The Sopranos " taught me about technology ( plus our Sopranos tech quiz ) http://www.networkworld.com/news/2007/091307-sopranos-technology.html
http://www.networkworld.com/slideshows/2007/091307-sopranos-tech-quiz.html
* Behind the scenes of MIT 's network http://www.networkworld.com/news/2007/011907-mit-your-take.html?page=1 *
What makes Harvard 's net tick http://www.networkworld.com/news/2006/030606-harvard-net.html
*
The network industry 's most colorful story ever http://www.networkworld.com/news/2006/121806-network-industry-most-colorful-story.html
* Alice and Bob : Security 's inseparable couple http://www.networkworld.com/news/2005/020705widernetaliceandbob.html * A brief history of the Bob-ification of the computing industry http://www.networkworld.com/news/2006/103006-bob.html
http://www.networkworld.com/news/2006/102606-bob-slide1.html
*
When animals attack ... corporate networks
http://www.networkworld.com/news/2005/050905widernet.html?brl
* Earthquakes , fire and lightning : Must be a NEBS test http://www.networkworld.com/news/2004/062804widernetnebs.html
*
For the record : Guinness book open to industry 's greatest hits
http://www.networkworld.com/news/2004/062104widernetguinness.html
* Whirling through the world of propeller beanies
http://www.networkworld.com/news/2003/1208widernetpropeller.html
After long thought , I am coming around to the notion that oil may be in a bubble .
Why ?
Because everyone is acting as if the natural trajectory of prices is ever - upward .
Sound familiar ?
Oil is a fairly easily storable commodity .
If you think that you can get a better price for it tomorrow , the natural thing to do is buy it and store the stuff .
This should push the price upwards until there is no remaining arbitrage opportunity in buying now and selling later .
The best estimate of the future price is therefore the current price .
For it to move upward , rationally , you need new information -- i.e. , information that none of us knows now .
The basic logic behind the predictions I hear of ever - rising prices -- the supply is fixed , oil is neat stuff that helps grow economies , there are a lot of economies that want to consume more of the stuff -- is all well known to everyone .
You should assume that the price is roughly as likely to fall as to rise .
But people are acting as if the overwhelmingly likely outcome is a continuing increase .
This shows not merely in the fact that it 's damned hard to find a small car on the lots these days , but also in all sorts of policy debates .
This suggests a couple of things to me :
1 ) There are probably more speculators in the market on the upside than the downside , pushing the price above its natural level
2 ) We are probably irrationally overinvesting in fuel - saving technology .
Now , as I 've said repeatedly , I think the price of oil should be higher , helped along by a carbon tax .
But there 's no reason to think that the wellhead price is more likely to rise than to fall .
If I were brave , I 'd short oil and buy an SUV .
Instead , I 'm timidly sharing my thoughts with you , and investing in a small car .
But in my defense , small cars are also easy to park .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Russia 's Dinara Safina eyes the ball during her semifinal match against compatriot Svetlana Kuznetsova at the French Open tennis tournament at Roland Garros in Paris June 5 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Vincent Kessler
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) -
The eyes may carry important early clues to heart disease , signaling damage to tiny blood vessels long before symptoms start to show elsewhere , researchers reported on Tuesday .
People with a type of eye damage known as retinopathy were more likely to die of heart disease over the next 12 years than those without it , according to the team at the University of Sydney and the University of Melbourne in Australia and the National University of Singapore .
They studied the retinal photographs of 3,000 people , most of whom had diabetes .
Such snapshots are often taken to see if the diabetes has begun to damage the eyes .
Then they checked records for deaths .
“ Over 12 years , 353 participants ( 11.9 percent ) had incident coronary heart disease - related deaths , ” the researchers reported in the journal Heart .
People with retinopathy were nearly twice as likely to die of heart disease as people without it , said the team , led by the University of Sydney ’s Gerald Liew .
Retinopathy raised the risk of heart disease as much as diabetes did , they found .
Diabetes is a well known risk factor for heart disease , the leading cause of death in most industrialized nations and many developing ones .
People with these changes may be getting a first warning that damage is occurring in their arteries , and work to lower cholesterol and blood pressure , the researchers said .
When somebody within your own government calls you out , do you show up ?
How do you handle it ?
Wayne Madsen , always spoiling for a fight with Bush and Cheney , or the chance to show off his undies to minimum wage airport TSA workers , has an executive level NSA staff person on record saying that significant sentiment exists within the NSA to kill troublesome bloggers and journalists .
The NSA executive staffer was , apparently , not the source of the sentiment , but this individual did pass along the context and the precise wording of the " junior G- man " working in the NSA .
Prominent names listed in the NSA database of troublemakers ?
1. Bill Gertz
2. James Bamford
3. Vernon Loeb
4. Jim Risen
5. Dr. John C. K. Daly
6. Wayne Madsen
7. Seymour Hersh
These were all the names Madsen published , but there are , of course , many others .
Possibly you , gentle reader .
If not now , probably later .
As much as Madsen hates Daily Kos , I would think that if Kos was in the database , he would have published his name , too .
Markos Moulitsas Zuniga -- a name that should just roll off the Hebroid - Russian tongue of George Soros , and frequently does -- is he NOT in the NSA 's database of journalists and bloggers to be put out of Cheney 's misery ?
July 18 , 2008  -- Sgt. Frank Lugo leads a double life .
In the United States , he was a successful hedge fund trader with condos in New York and South Beach , Fla .
Now he is in an unlikely spot -- Iraq , where he lives in the sprawling slum of Sadr City .
" My lifestyle 's obviously drastically different back home than it is here , " Lugo said .
" But there are things that can't be replicated back home that are here .
This belief that we 're trying to accomplish something that 's greater than oneself . "
Lugo is an Army reservist .
At 36 , he has re-enlisted four times , swapping fast cars and fancy restaurants for body armor and bombed - out buildings .
" I deeply believe that we 're here to make a difference , " he said .
" I believe we 're doing just that , especially in Sadr City . "
Sadr City residents are mostly Shiite Muslims , and the district was once a stronghold of militias loyal to Shiite cleric Moqtada al - Sadr .
After months of heavy fighting here , Lugo and the men of Task Force Gold are now responsible for reconstruction and development .
" Five weeks ago , there 'd probably be like 3 or 4 feet of trash , " Lugo said .
" They could n't operate their businesses here . "
Garbage has been cleared from the streets and sewage has been drained .
Lugo and his fellow task force members are building a park .
Piece by piece , the war - torn city is becoming a community .
And most important , jobs are being created .
" Economic stimulus is our … No. 1 focus , " Lugo said .
And that 's where Lugo 's investment experience comes in handy .
He helped transform Sadr City 's broken economy into a center of commerce .
" This is the third - largest market in Iraq , " he said .
" A few months ago business was at a standstill , now though , things are thriving again . "
One of the main reasons for the economic turnaround in Sadr City has been microgrants , Lugo explained .
Microgrants , small grants of a few thousand dollars , have been awarded to business merchants , crippled by combat .
Since May , Lugo 's team has distributed $ 300,000 .
" What it does is help them refurbish their shops , or rehabilitate their stock which they lost , " Lugo said .
The U.S. military 's rebuilding efforts to repair businesses and broken homes have built bonds of trust with local residents .
At the end of a long day in 120 degree heat , Lugo dined on hot dogs with a fellow soldier .
His seat in a mess hall in Sadr City could n't be farther away from his other life , but he is happy where he is .
" Far too often in corporate America , everything 's about the bottom line and how fast can I get ahead , " Lugo said .
" Whereas here , making sure that everyone comes home with 10 fingers and 10 toes , and making lives better for the people of Sadr City , is our No. 1 priority . "
While Lugo feels a deep connection to the people of Sadr City , he has n't completely forgotten about the lifestyle he left behind .
" There 'll be a time and a place to go to South Beach and drink some mojitos , definitely . "
Harmonia 57 by French - Brazilian architects Triptyque is an office building in São Paulo with a planted facade irrigated by a mist system .
Plants grow in " pores " set into the concrete facade and will eventually cover the building .
The Harmonia 57 concept will be on show at Venice Architectural Biennale from 13 September , as part of the French Pavilion .
More information about the building ( in Brazilian Portuguese ) can be found here .
See more Dezeen stories about projects by Triptyque : Bela Cintra 1235 and Loducca building .
The following is from Triptyque :
--
HARMONIA 57
The project in Harmonia Street is located in a neighborhood in the west side of São Paulo , where artistic life and creativity penetrates easily , where galleries and walls are mixed up , functioning as a stage for new expression forms .
The alley in front of the building is an example – its graffiti present a concept of experimentation that flows out from the street into the construction .
Like a living body , the building breathes , sweats and modifies itself , transcending its inertia .
The walls are thick and covered externally by a vegetal layer that works like the skin of the structure .
This dense wall is made of an organic concrete that has pores , where several plant species grow , giving the facades a unique look .
In this great machine , where the rain and soil waters are drained , treated and reused , a complex ecosystem is formed within the local .
This ecosystem is a multifunctional universe made of several interconnected machines .
It ’s a zone of multiplicity , where meanings and actions float between the unsaid , resulting in dynamic entities .
Its insides are exposed in the facades while the interior spaces are well finished with clear and luminous surfaces , as if the construction was inside out .
The pipelines that serve the whole building – as well as the pumps and the water treatment system – are showing in the exterior walls , embracing them like veins and arteries of a body .
The building is like a neutral , grey base , sculpted and deformed .
The aesthetic is a result of the process – the structure is rough and has a primitive elegance – a reflex of the actual concern with environmental issues and the investigation of new ways of intervention .
Its volume is quite simple , but also remarkable : two grand vegetal blocks are connected by a metallic footbridge , cut by concrete and glass windows and terraces .
Between the blocks a internal plaza opens like a clearing and acts like a place of encountering .
The terraces are spread in each floor , creating a visual game between volumes , lighting and transparency in the internal spaces .
The frontal block is completely suspense , levitating over pilotis , while the back block is solid , complemented by a birdhouse - like volume on top of it .
Once again as a living body , its windows open up to the exterior with its concrete lips and terraces cut out pieces of the main volumes in different points , like eyes looking at the city from several points of view , while a giant concrete mouth invites automobiles to be swallowed to the inside of the building .
The result of this ensemble is an edifice that presents a perspective on the architecture as a non finished object .
Summary
Building : Harmonia // 57
Address : R. Harmonia , 57 Vila Madalena - São Paulo - SP - Brasil
Design year : 2007 -2008
Conclusion year : jun 2008
Surface area : 500 sq. meters
Constructed area : 1.060 sq.meters
Architecture : Triptyque – Greg Bousquet , Carolina Bueno , Guillaume Sibaud e Olivier Raffaelli
Project Chief – Tiago Guimarães
Construction : Bassani Architects
Landscaping : Peter Webb
Contractor : BGF / Aparecido Donizete Dias Flausino
Metalic Structures : Planmetal
Structure : Eng. Rioske Kanno
Hydraulic Installations : Guilherme Castanha
Air Conditioning : Disarcon
Wooden works : Libanio Justino da Silva
Wooden Decks : Zanchet
Glass : Revglass
Photos : Nelson Kon
WASHINGTON --
A new congressional analysis shows the Iraq war is now costing taxpayers almost $ 2 billion a week -- nearly twice as much as in the first year of the conflict three years ago and 20 percent more than last year -- as the Pentagon spends more on establishing regional bases to support the extended deployment and scrambles to ... ( Full article : 891 words )
This article is available in our archives : Globe Subscribers FREE for subscribers Subscribers to the Boston Globe get unlimited access to our archives .
Not a subscriber ?
Non-Subscribers Purchase an electronic copy of the full article .
Learn More $ 9.95 1 month archives pass
1 month archives pass $ 24.95 3 months archives pass
3 months archives pass $ 74.95 1 year archives pass
I was getting ready for my trip to India and my friend recommended that I download a couple apps for our trip , including Ola ( a local Bangalore taxi company ) and Uber .
No worries , I thought .
I was one step ahead of her having downloaded Uber for when in New York , as we were spending a few days there .
I was quite excited to use the app considering the fact that there was a $ 20 credit sign - up bonus promotion going on .
It seemed as though everything was falling into place as I was ready for our big adventure .
I did n't bother with Lyft or the other competitors , knowing I had the Uber app on my phone and assuming since it 's 2017 , and a very popular option , it 's going to work great .
This as it turned out , would be a huge mistake that resulted in us taking the public bus at the airport .
What happened ?
Well , the first time I used the app , it immediately banned me .
Thankfully , Bangalore has thousands of rickshaws that got me to and from our destinations .
Had I downloaded Ola ahead …
About a month ago , I ordered an Xbox 360 .
My reasoning for not having one has revolved around the fact that I have plenty to keep me busy ( in a good way ) with PC games .
But then came the announcement that pushed me to purchase : Netflix would soon be available via the Xbox 360 .
The irony here , though , is that I have n’t even experienced that combination ( coming in the fall ) but now would n’t give up my Xbox 360 even if the Netflix deal did n’t work out .
Here ’s why :
Comfortable Couch
Though my office chair is comfy enough , it ’s not the same as our ultra -comfy couches .
While I ’ve traditionally favored the precision of a mouse and keyboard , they kind of force you more into a lean - forward position .
You can play console games practically laying down ( if you feel like it ) , something not very doable with PC games .
Game Demos
I had no idea this existed , but you can download / install / play a demo of practically any game available for the Xbox 360 .
It ’s such an effortless process that it makes doing the same thing on a computer look like rocket science .
I ’ve always been a fan of game demos but hate the clunky process on the PC .
First , you have to find the right file to download , then you have to find a site that lets you download it without waiting in line first .
Next comes the install which often asks you to install / update drivers .
Then , if you ’re lucky , it might just work without you having to tweak some settings or repeat some of the process above .
With the Xbox 360 , there is no install process , and the system works flawlessly every time ( browse titles using an excellent user interface , download quickly with one button push , and play within a matter of minutes ) .
Streamlined Online Experience
Here is yet another area where the Xbox 360 shines and the PC has issues .
If I want to play a game online with a friend , it ’s often a nightmare on the PC .
You have to adjust / tweak / disable hardware and software firewalls on both ends .
Unless you want your computer to be openly available on the Internet , this process it different for every game .
What else is different for every game on the PC ?
Voice chat .
But on the Xbox 360 , there ’s a platform built - in and easy to use ( and the same ) for every game .
Playing games and chatting with friends is a couple button pushes away , every time !
Pardon the excitement , it ’s just that it ’s such a new concept for a PC gamer .
Also , I ’m a fan of the gamertag and “ achievement ” points .
Basically , every Xbox 360 gamer has a profile that shows which games he / she has played and what points he / she has achieved throughout all these games .
In short , I love the features that come from the whole gaming experience being housed in a controlled environment .
Big Screen , Big Sound
We have a 46 ″ HD TV with speakers much nicer sounding than the set on our PC … enough said .
Media Extender
Previously , looking at our pictures ( or other media ) on the big screen consisted of plugging in a laptop .
It ’s easy enough but annoying enough that I do n’t do it that often .
But who knew it was so easy to link up your Xbox 360 with your PC ?
And then there ’s the nifty ability to listen to any of our music ( streamed from our PC ) in the background while playing whatever game .
Fighting Games
I ’m a huge fan of Dead or Alive 4 and the recently released Soul Calibur IV even if , in the past , I resorted to playing these types of games only when hanging out at someone ’s place where they were available .
But it ’s fun to indulge in a genre that is practically non-existent on the PC ( yeah , yeah , it ’s there , and so is RTS on the console … but we know which platform was meant for each of these genres ) .
Conclusion
And there you have it : a gaming experience unlike any other .
I ’m not saying that overall it ’s better necessarily , just different ( well , it is better in some ways but the reverse is true too ) .
And different in this case is also great .
As for PC gaming …
I still stand by my previous posts “ PC Gaming Is For Fools , But I Still Love It ” and “ PC Gaming Is Expensive and a Hassle , But I ’m Lovin ’ It . ”
Thats what is going on right now .
Shocking new photos released today reveal the existence of a massive stockpile of old - growth logs that are destined to become disposable products like Kleenex tissue and Cottonelle toilet paper for tissue giant Kimberly - Clark Corporation ( K - C ) .
The logs originate from the Ogoki Forest , the single most ecologically valuable area left in Ontarioâ€™s southern Boreal Forest and the site of growing controversy .
The stockpile is evidence of Kimberly - Clarkâ€™s egregious mismanagement of the forests despite company claims that â€œmuch of [ the ] fiber from the Canadian Boreal forest comes to K - C in the form of wood pulp produced from sawdust and chips â€ “ or leftovers â€ “ of the lumber production process.â€  ( 1 )
As these new photos and recent government correspondence reveal , Kimberly - Clark is currently purchasing huge quantities of pulp made primarily from whole , old - growth trees from intact areas of Canadaâ€™s Boreal Forest .
According to the Ontario Ministry of Environment , the stockpile contained 85,000 cubic metres of wood as of the end of March 2008 .
Thatâ€™s equivalent to over 7,000 logging trucks full of wood .
Since the closure of an area sawmill in June 2008 , this wood has been trucked to the Terrace Bay pulp mill where it is being turned directly into pulp for Kleenex and other disposable products .
In total , the logs will have been trucked 6 - 7 hours from the forest to the mill .
Whatâ€™s worse , even with this massive stockpile of timber already cut and waiting to be pulped , the Ogoki Forest continues to be logged , largely in order to supply Kimberly - Clark .
The Ogoki Forest is the northernmost area in Ontario subject to logging .
Unlike other forests in the province that have been logged for the last 70 - 100 years , the first industrial logging in Ogoki did not occur until 1998 .
For this reason , it is the most intact of all the forest management units in Ontario .
Because the neighboring Kenogami Forest was managed so poorly by Kimberly - Clark and then Buchanan Forest Products , and because regeneration there has been so unsuccessful , logging company Buchanan is pushing further and further north to supply its pulp mill at Terrace Bay .
The size , location , and near pristine state of the Ogoki Forest make it critical habitat for the threatened woodland caribou , while its carbon - dense trees and soils make it critical for mitigating climate change .
The Kenogami Forest was turned from a vast expanse of healthy , near - pristine forest to a severely damaged landscape rife with environmental problems during 70 years of mismanagement by K - C.
( 2 ) The Ogoki Forest cannot be allowed to become the next Kenogami .
Unfortunately , as this new photographic evidence shows , Ogoki is already being subjected to the same gross mismanagement as the Kenogami .
As incredible as it may seem , K - C is apparently willing to risk total devastation of yet another valuable eco-system in order to make its disposable paper products .
In light of the discovery of this staggering woodpile that was once pristine ancient Boreal Forest , Greenpeace is calling on Kimberly - Clark to ensure that no more fiber from the Ogoki Forest enters its product stream by immediately engaging with us and other stakeholders in a process to revise its ineffective and unsustainable fiber procurement policy .
1 Kimberly - Clark Fact Sheet on Sustainable Fiber Practices updated July 30,2008 .
http://www.kimberly-clark.com/pdfs/KC_Sustain_NAmerica.pdf ( pdf )
2 Greenpeace . 2008 .
Cut & Run , Kimberly - Clarkâ€™s legacy of environmental devastation and social conflict in the Kenogami Forest .
http://www.kleercut.net/en/node/936
Fast facts :
– As of the end of March 2008 , the stockpile contained 85,000 cubic metres of wood , equivalent to over 7,000 full logging trucks
– According to the Ontario Ministry of Environment , the stockpile has now diminished to 12,000 cubic metres , as large amounts of pulp have been shipped to Terrace Bay for pulping since the shutdown of the Nakina sawmill in June
– The distance between where the stockpiled wood was logged and where it will be pulped is an approximately 6 - 7 hour drive
– Kimberly - Clark purchases 55 per cent of the 420,000 metric tonnes ( 462,970 tons ) of pulp produced at the Terrace Bay pulp mill each year , an amount equal to the weight of over 1150 jumbo jets
– Kimberly - Clark uses the pulp produced at Terrace Bay to make Kleenex , Cottonelle , Scott and Viva brand products that are sold across North America and Europe .
Expert : Rove executive privilege claim wo n't stand up in court David Edwards and Nick Juliano
Published : Thursday July 17 , 2008
Print This Email
This NYU professor says Bush power claims ' wider than Nixon '
In the waning days of George W. Bush 's presidency , it seems that every week brings a new showdown with Congress over the president 's refusal to let his aides testify in the investigation of the US Attorney firing scandal .
MSNBC host Dan Abrams discussed the latest subpoena showdowns involving former Bush aide Karl Rove and Attorney General Michael Mukasey Wednesday night .
Rove ignored a subpoena to testify a a House Judiciary subcommittee hearing , and Mukasey is refusing an Oversight Committee subpoena to hand over transcripts of the FBI 's interview with Vice President Dick Cheney during its Valerie Plame investigation .
So far neither committee has voted to hold the officials in contempt of Congress .
New York University law professor Michael Waldman told Abrams Congress ' threats were becoming " hard to believe " and he worried about the extent to which Congress was willing to recognize Bush 's claims of executive privilege .
Abrams qualified the restrictions as " no one is allowed to testify if they work for the president . "
" It 's much wider than previous administrations have claimed , even than Nixon claimed , " Waldman said .
" And the fact of the matter is I think something like that will not stand up in court . "
" If I was the president I would n't be too worried about this Congress either , " Abrams scoffed .
" The fact that they have taken no action against Karl Rove -- almost a week after he refused to even show up to assert his privilege -- sure makes it seem like they 're willing to take it on the chin and avoid taking any action to enforce these subpoenas . "
This video is from MSNBC's Verdict , broadcast July 16 , 2008 .
Download video
… as it is known in Brazil .
There is no way to make fun of “ Disaster Movie ” that would n’t debase both you and me , so I ’m not even going to try .
The internets have already labeled it as a reverse afterbirth in slow motion , so what else can I say ?
I will point out that IMDB users have voted it the “ Worst Movie of All Time . ”
This is a serious allegation , because these people have probably also seen “ Manos : The Hands of Fate . ”
UPDATE :
0 % on Rotten Tomatoes
If you are reading this via RSS , you may notice a the comic is now full sized .
Check that shit out !
That ’s really how I prefer reading my comics ( full sized in Google Reader ) , so I figured many of you felt the same way .
Expect ads to show up in the RSS feed soon , but hey , the comic is bigger … so deal .
SUBSCRIBE TO THE FEED to get in on all the hot RSS action !
NAZRAN , Russia ( Reuters ) -
An opposition Internet news site owner in Russia ’s troubled Ingushetia region was fatally shot on Sunday soon after being detained by police , and his colleagues called for a rally to protest his death .
Magomed Yevloyev is one of the most high - profile journalists to be killed in Russia since investigative reporter Anna Politkovskaya was shot dead near her Moscow apartment in 2006 , provoking condemnation of Russia ’s record on media freedom .
Yevloyev , owner of the www.Ingushetiya.ru website , was a vocal critic of the region ’s Kremlin - backed administration , accused by opponents of crushing dissent and free speech .
A lawyer for the website -- which survived repeated official attempts to close it down -- said police met Yevloyev at the steps of the aircraft after he flew in to Ingushetia ’s airport , put him in a Volga saloon car and drove him away .
“ As they drove he was shot in the temple ...
They threw him out of the car near the hospital , ” lawyer Kaloi Akhilgov told Reuters by telephone .
“ He was discovered there and they quickly put him on the operating table , which is where he died . ”
Akhilgov said Yevloyev , who was in his thirties , flew from Moscow to Nazran on the same flight as the Kremlin - backed local leader Murat Zyazikov .
A spokesman for Zyazikov could not be reached for comment .
A posting on Yevloyev ’s website called on “ all those who are not indifferent ” to his killing to gather for a demonstration in Nazran , Ingushetia ’s biggest town where Zyazikov ’s opponents have clashed with riot police in recent years .
“ A preliminary investigation is being carried out into the incident as a result of which M. Yevloyev was killed , ” said Vladimir Markin , a spokesman for the investigations unit of the Prosecutor General ’s Office in Moscow .
Markin said police had tried to bring Yevloyev in for questioning but that an incident occurred in which he received a gunshot wound that led to his death .
Interfax news agency cited an unnamed law enforcement source as saying Yevloyev was shot by accident and said prosecutors had opened a criminal case for causing the death by carelessness .
Akhilgov said he doubted the shooting was an accident .
“ It was in no way a mistake , ” he told Reuters .
Media freedom groups say Russia is one of the world ’s most dangerous countries for journalists .
Ingushetia is a poor , mainly Muslim , region in Russia ’s North Caucasus region and borders Chechnya , scene of a separatist rebellion that has now been largely quelled .
Ingushetia ’s leader , Zyazikov , has been struggling to contain a low - level insurgency by Islamist militants .
Opponents accuse Zyazikov of persecuting opposition activists .
Zyazikov , a former security service officer in the local KGB , has criticised the reporting by Ingushetiya .ru and brought a court case earlier this year trying to close down the site .
A new kind of computer circuit printed on ultrathin rubber would make the perfect " brain wrapper , " says its inventor .
Usually computer circuits are etched on rigid , plastic boards , but University of Illinois researcher John Rogers has successfully placed circuits on a rubbery material that can bend and stretch .
Many groups have been working on developing this technology , but Rogers is the first to demonstrate that his bendy circuits actually work .
Rogers says the circuits could wrap around part or all of the brain , to monitor its electrical activity .
Or — in future applications — to interface with your brain , perhaps using antennae to establish a wireless neural link to the internet so you can be Googling with your mind .
Advertisement
Says Rogers :
We 'd like to have an electric circuit that could wrap around part of the brain and detect signal patterns to predict the onset of seizure before it happens . . .
You can't take a sheet of plastic and wrap a brain , you really need stretchability .
Advertisement
For now , though , Rogers is focusing on just making the circuits work .
He makes them by stretching a thin , rubbery material to 15 percent of its normal size , binds the circuits to it , and then snaps it back to its normal size .
The circuits continue to work , and can also work if re-stretched or bent .
Here 's a video of how that looks under a microscope .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Another possible application for the technology is skintight , wearable computers .
Sort of like PVC for the BSD set .
Image via USA Today .
Stretchy Circuits [ New Scientist ]
Debt Snowball Calculator
Use the snowball effect to eliminate your credit card debt and other consumer loans |
How fast can I get out of debt ?
How much can I save in interest payments ?
That is what our Debt Reduction Calculator can help you figure out .
Getting out of debt is not easy , but with a good plan and firm determination , it is entirely possible .
The debt snowball calculator is a simple spreadsheet available for Microsoft Excel® and Google Sheets that helps you come up with a plan .
It uses the debt roll - up approach , also known as the debt snowball , to create a payment schedule that shows how you can most effectively pay off your debts .
Advertisement
Learn how you can save $ 100's or even $ 1,000 's of dollars .
One of the most powerful things about this spreadsheet is the ability to choose different debt reduction strategies , including the popular debt snowball ( paying the lowest balance first ) or the debt avalanche ( paying the highest - interest first ) .
Just choose the strategy from a dropdown box after you enter your creditor information into the worksheet .
Debt Reduction Calculator Tutorial - Use a Debt Snowball to Pay Off Your Debts ► 5:17
The first step in a debt snowball plan is to make a budget , then stick to it .
The more you can squeeze out of your budget to increase your debt snowball , the faster you 'll reach your goals .
You should consider others financial goals and risk factors besides just paying off debt as fast as possible .
But , after you 've decided what you can contribute to debt payoff each month , enter that amount into the calculator as your total Monthly Payment to see how long it will take with different strategies .
Continue reading below for more information about the various debt reduction strategies .
Update 2/17/2020 -
Fixed the formula in the Google Sheets versions where the " Months to Pay Off " did n't work when the minimum payment is zero .
NEW Exclusive Version for Instagram Followers !
Get a free exclusive version that lists up to 15 creditors and has some fun new charts !
Learn How
Get the Extended version !
View Screenshot $ 9.95 Buy Now Personal Use Only
Need to list more than 10 creditors ?
Get the new Extended version that lets you list up to 40 creditors ( 20 for the Google Sheets ) .
For the price of a good lunch , you can figure out how to save yourself hundreds or thousands of dollars !
Note :
The download includes an extended version of the credit repair edition ( Excel only ) for listing 20 creditors .
Description
What users are saying about this template " Just wanted to thank you for the debt reduction calculator spreadsheet .
It has helped me to get my debt under control and I will be debt free with the exception of my mortgage in a couple months .
I started with about $ 42 k of debt and will have paid it off in a little over 2 years with the help of the spreadsheet and insane budgeting . " -
Lisa
Use our debt snowball calculator to help you eliminate your credit card , auto , student loan , and other debts .
Easily create a debt reduction schedule based on the popular debt snowball strategy , or experiment with your own custom strategy .
In the first worksheet , you enter your creditor information and your total monthly payment .
You 'll then see a summary of when each of the debts will be paid off based on the strategy you choose .
The second worksheet is a payment schedule for you to print to keep track of your progress .
You can also see how the snowball increases as you pay off your debts .
A Snowball Growth Chart lets you see how the snowball increases and your interest due decreases over time ( only in the Excel versions ) .
You may also want to check out the Credit Repair edition of this calculator , which is designed to help improve FICO scores by lowering the balance - to - credit - limit ratio of individual debts .
Debt Reduction Calculator ( Pro Version )
This license is also available via the Financial Planner 's Template Pack 1 2 Screenshots : - List up to 20 or even 40 creditors ! -
Use the calculator in your business to help advise clients !
$ 39.95 Required : Excel 2003 or later 60 - DAY MONEY - BACK Guarantee
Try it out !
If you do n't think it was worth the cost , I will refund your purchase .
If you do n't think it was worth the cost , I will refund your purchase .
Template Details License : Commercial Use Commercial Use >
Support Visit Support Page Buy Now via ClickBank.net
Update 2/17/2020 -
Fixed the formula in the Google Sheets versions where the " Months to Pay Off " did n't work when the minimum payment is zero .
Description
What users are saying about this template " We have multiple rentals , and so mortgage loans .
We were paying down each loan , distributing our liquid cash among all the loans evenly .
When we found the debt reduction calculator we ran multiple preprogramed scenarios , and a couple of our own and discovered the optimum method for us .
The Debt Reduction Calculator saved us hours of time , a quarter of a million dollars and will result in our paying off all loans in 1/2 the time .
Thanks for sharing a great way to evaluate and strategize debt reduction . " -
Morgen Kimbrell & David Hayhurst
The Pro version of the calculator serves two main purposes :
1 . You can list more than 10 creditors
One of the included files lets you list up to 20 creditors , and if that is n't enough , there is also a version that lets you list up to 40 .
2. The Commercial Use License allows you to use the spreadsheet in your business .
- Unlike the free version , which is allowed only for personal use , you can use the pro version to help clients that you are advising .
- The templates includes a section at the top to list your client 's name and the preparer 's name and address ( see the screenshot ) .
- You can use it to print reports or create PDF reports , but the commercial license does n't permit sharing the actual spreadsheet file .
- Bonus Spreadsheet :
The pro version includes a commercial license of the Credit Repair edition .
Using the Debt Snowball Calculator
Follow these simple steps to use the debt snowball worksheet :
Enter abbreviated names for your credit card or lending institution , the current balances , and the interest rate information for all of your current debts ( including home equity lines of credit or second mortgages ) .
Enter the minimum payment you will make each month for each debt .
You may need to verify your minimum payment with your lending institution .
For some debts , like credit cards , the minimum payment may change over time .
This spreadsheet assumes a fixed minimum payment for each debt , so you may want to update the calculator every few months .
Enter the total monthly payment that you can pay each month towards your debts , based on your home budget .
The difference between the total minimum payments and your total monthly payment is your initial snowball .
This initial snowball , or " extra payment , " is applied to one debt target at a time , depending on the order defined by your chosen strategy .
Look at the results table to see the debts in your chosen order along with the total interest paid and the months to pay off each debt .
Experiment with choosing different payoff strategies or use the Custom column to choose the order to target your debts .
How Does the Snowball Effect Work ?
The snowball effect is the idea that a snowball grows as it rolls down a hill .
When applied to debt reduction , the snowball effect refers to how your extra payment grows as you pay off each debt .
As defined above , the snowball is the difference between your total minimum payments and your total monthly debt payment .
The total monthly debt payment remains the same from month to month .
The snowball is the extra payment that you will make on your current debt target .
After you pay off your first debt , you no longer need to make the minimum payment on that debt .
So , that payment amount gets rolled into your snowball .
Your new larger snowball becomes the extra payment that you apply to the next debt in the sequence .
There are times when your snowball is larger than the remaining balance on your current debt target .
In that case , the spreadsheet automatically divides your snowball between the current and next target .
Debt Reduction Strategies
This section describes the different strategies that you can choose within the debt snowball spreadsheet .
Each of these strategies has to do with the order that you target your debts with your snowball .
Unless you choose the " No Snowball " option , ALL of these strategies make use of the snowball effect described above .
For more information , see Dave Ramsey 's article on the debt snowball effect , or read his book , " The Total Money Makeover " .
Debt Snowball ( Lowest Balance First ) :
Even though the snowball effect applies to all of these strategies , the debt snowball strategy usually refers to the method of paying the lowest balance first .
The benefit of this method is the psychological effect of seeing the number of debts disappear quickly .
According to Dave Ramsey , it is important to build momentum and see success early on .
After all , if it was easy to pay off debt , you probably would n't need this calculator .
Debt Avalanche ( Highest Interest First ) :
This strategy results in the lowest total interest , but depending on the balance of your higher interest loans , it may take you longer to see your first loan / debt completely paid off .
If the difference in the total interest is not significant , than you may get more satisfaction and success from the Lowest Balance First method .
No Snowball : Select this option if you want to see how long it will take to pay off the debts based solely on the individual minimum payments you specify ( i.e. no snowball effect ) .
In some cases , you may find it will take more than 30 years to pay off some debts .
This is more of an anti-strategy , but it can be interesting .
User -Specified Order :
There are three options for choosing the order that you want to pay your debts .
You can choose " Order Entered in Table " , which is self - explanatory .
You can also use the Custom column to enter your own formulas or your own ranking and choose " Custom - Highest First " or " Custom - Lowest First " .
I 'd suggest ranking each row using values " 10 , 20 , 30 , 40 , etc. " .
The reason to enter the order by 10's or 100's is so that you can easily switch the order .
For example , you can move the one marked " 30 " ahead of " 20 " by changing the 30 to 19 .
You can also use the built - in SORT command via the Data menu .
Debt Snowflaking :
This is a term for making extra debt payments above the normal monthly payment ( above and beyond the normal snowball ) .
You can add " snowflakes " for any given month , using the " Additional " column in the PaymentSchedule worksheet .
See the article What is a Debt Snowflake ?
to see how to add snowflakes to the debt snowball calculator .
Variation on the Debt Snowball Strategy
If you choose the " Lowest Balance First " method , and two of your balances are roughly the same amount , but have very different interest rates , you might want to switch the order that you pay them off so that you pay the higher rate first .
It might not make much difference in how long it takes to pay them off , but it could make a difference in how much interest you end up paying .
To use this approach in the worksheet , you 'll need to choose the " User - Specified Order " methods described above .
Stair - Stepper Strategy
The stair - stepper strategy , integrated into the Google Sheets versions of the debt reduction calculator , was devised by Carlotta Thompson ( carlottathompson.com ) .
It is a clever compromise between the Lowest Balance First and Highest Interest First strategies .
In this approach , the debts are grouped into categories based on the balance ( $ 0 - $ 2500 , $ 2501 - $ 5000 , etc. ) .
Beginning with the lowest balance category , you pay off the debts from highest to lowest interest rate , then move on to the next higher balance category .
Cash Flow and Liquidity Considerations
As you pay off debts , your net cash flow increases , and that extra cash is what causes your debt snowball to increase .
Credit cards are typically the first debts to pay off because of their high interest rates , but cash flow is another reason to target the credit cards first .
A credit card payment is usually calculated as a percentage of your balance .
That means that as you pay off your credit card balance , your minimum payment decreases .
To see how that works , download the credit card minimum payment calculator .
Unfortunately , the debt reduction calculator only assumes a fixed minimum payment , so you do n't see the debt snowball gradually increasing as you pay off credit cards .
But , if you are concerned about cash flow , remember that paying off credit cards ( or other debts with a decreasing minimum payment ) gives you an immediate increase in net cash flow .
On the other hand , most auto and home loans have fixed payments .
So , you do n't see the increase in cash flow until the entire debt is paid off ( or if you refactor the loan to lower the minimum payment ) .
This brings up the concept of Liquidity Risk , as explained in my article " Is Debt Payoff a Good Investment ? "
Paying off debt decreases your liquidity ( the availability of cash or liquid assets ) .
A decrease in liquidity is a risk because it reduces your ability to pay unexpected expenses or to make a timely investment .
As you make payments on your credit card or other lines of credit , the liquidity risk is lower because you can quickly withdraw the money again if necessary ( assuming your credit is n't frozen ) .
That would increase your debt , of course , but it lowers the risk of being unable to keep the electricity running .
On the other hand , if your extra cash is used to pay off an auto loan , you can't just get another loan in a couple of hours .
What does this have to do with your debt snowball strategy ?
It is just another reason why you may want to customize the order that you pay off your debts .
Warning :
It may be tempting to put your full financial strength into paying off your debts .
Be careful about doing that .
You need to balance your debt reduction goals with the need for an emergency fund and other important financial goals .
In these cases , it can be useful to seek the advice of a qualified professional .
Debt Reduction Resources
Join the Effort !
Help us help others break free from the bonds of debt by spreading the news about this free debt reduction tool .
Link to this page on your website , in your blog , via Facebook , etc .
Have a Success Story ?
We would love to hear it .
A big thanks to Donald Wempe for motivating me to create the original version of this spreadsheet , and for his great suggestions and feedback !
And a big thanks to the many others who have offered suggestions and feedback since then .
Disclaimer :
This spreadsheet and the information on this page is for illustrative and educational purposes only .
Your situation is unique , and we do not guarantee the results or the applicability of this calculator to your situation .
You should seek the advice of qualified professionals regarding financial decisions .
Amy Goodman is bundled off by policemen wielding clubs , plus footage from the press conference .
Glenn Greenwald reports :
Beginning last night , St. Paul was the most militarized I have ever seen an American city be , even more so than Manhattan in the week of 9/11 -- with troops of federal , state and local law enforcement agents marching around with riot gear , machine guns , and tear gas canisters , shouting military chants and marching in military formations .
Humvees and law enforcement officers with rifles were posted on various buildings and balconies .
Numerous protesters and observers were tear gassed and injured .
...
Perhaps most extraordinarily , Amy Goodman of Democracy Now -- the radio and TV broadcaster who has been a working journalist for close to 20 years -- was arrested on the street and charged with " conspiracy to riot . "
Audio of her arrest , which truly shocked and angered the crowd of observers , is here .
I just attended a Press Conference with St. Paul Mayor Chris Coleman and Police Chief John M. Harrington and -- after they boasted of how " restrained " their police actions were -- asked about the journalists and lawyers who had been detained and / or arrested both today and over the weekend .
They said they would n't give any information about journalists who had been arrested today , though they said they believed that " one journalist " had been , and that she " was a participant in the riots , not simply a non-participant . "
Tear gas has also been used .
Do you think maybe that events in St. Paul would have gotten more attention already if we were n't all distracted by the Palin circus show ?
Update : Amy has been released , but her two producers , Sharif Abdel Kouddous and Nicole Salazar , are still being held .
" I was down on the convention floor interviewing delegates when I heard that two of our producers had been arrested , " said Goodman .
" I ran down to Jackson and 7th Street , where the police had moved in . "
Goodman said that when she ran up to find out what was going on , she was also arrested .
" They seriously manhandled me and handcuffed my hands behind my back .
The top ID [ at the convention ] is to get on the floor and the Secret Service ripped that off me .
I had my Democracy Now !
ID too .
I was clearly a reporter . "
Goodman , who was released after being charged with a misdemeanor , said that Salazar had been hurt in the face , while Kouddous had been thrown up against a wall and hurt his elbow .
" Nicole told me that as they moved in on three sides , she asked them ' How do I get away from this ? ' and they jumped on her . "
Both Kouddous and Salazar could be held for up to 36 hours .
" One of the police kept shouting at me ' Shut up , shut up , " she said .
" It was extremely threatening . "
Update 2 : Democracy Now ! reports that both Kouddous and Salazar have now been released too .
( H/t Kat )
All three were violently manhandled by law enforcement officers .
Abdel Kouddous was slammed against a wall and the ground , leaving his arms scraped and bloodied .
He sustained other injuries to his chest and back .
Salazar ’s violent arrest by baton - wielding officers , during which she was slammed to the ground while yelling , “ I ’m Press ! Press ! , ” resulted in her nose bleeding , as well as causing facial pain .
Goodman ’s arm was violently yanked by police as she was arrested .
On Tuesday , Democracy Now ! will broadcast video of these arrests , as well as the broader police action .
These will also be available on : www.democracynow.org
Goodman was arrested while questioning police about the unlawful detention of Kouddous and Salazar who were arrested while they carried out their journalistic duties in covering street demonstrations at the Republican National Convention .
Goodman ’s crime appears to have been defending her colleagues and the freedom of the press .
Ramsey County Sheriff Bob Fletcher told Democracy Now ! that Kouddous and Salazar were arrested on suspicion of rioting , a felony .
While the three have been released , they all still face charges stemming from their unlawful arrest .
Kouddous and Salazar face pending charges of suspicion of felony riot , while Goodman has been officially charged with obstruction of a legal process and interference with a “ peace officer . ” ...
During the demonstration in which the Democracy Now ! team was arrested , law enforcement officers used pepper spray , rubber bullets , concussion grenades and excessive force against protesters and journalists .
Several dozen demonstrators were also arrested during this action , including a photographer for the Associated Press .
Democracy Now ! is standing by the three and calling what happened today " a transparent attempt to intimidate journalists " and " a clear violation of the freedom of the press and the First Amendment rights of these journalists . "
Monday , August 25 , 2008
Pitfalls to Avoid When Designing Forms
Many web forms are broken , usability - wise .
Knowing these problems can make you avoid them when you design your own web forms , so here are some recurring usability pitfalls .
1 . The risky reset button .
In most instances , the form reset button is not needed , though it can almost always do harm if users accidentally click it – because it will empty the form without any confirmation box ( in popular browsers and popular form implementations , anyway ) .
Take a look at this brilliantly bad - designed German form ; it ’s meant to calculate the subway route from one place to another :
Note this form is already a redesign of their first form , which was worse .
But do you know what the bottom right button reads ( a button in a position popularly occupied by an OK or submit button ) ?
It says “ New journey ” ... and will empty whatever you entered already .
The quick solution : do n’t use a reset button .
( And if you do decide you need one after careful consideration , use it with great care . )
2. Choices are good , right ?
Not really , at least not when it comes to web forms .
Only offer the choices absolutely necessary in the context of what the user is trying to achieve – everything else can clutter the screen , add confusion , and actually make the user miss out on taking time to reflect on those choices which are needed and which are important .
Is n’t it ironic that most forms on the web which are doing something infinitely simpler than , say , a Google search across billions of documents , are still infinitely more complicated to use than Google ’s form ?
If you absolutely do need a lot of choice , consider hiding the more rarely used choices within an expandable advanced dialog .
Consider how Wikipedia changed their syntax quick picker dialog ( while editing a page , you can click on the links below the editing form to have that bit inserted into the page ) from showing all and too much , to showing just a little , sorted by topic via a select box .
3 . Forms are still part of the web page , and the web .
As such , they should adhere to basic web usability rules like making fonts big enough to be readable , and making links look like links and making non-links not look like links .
The common way to make a link look clickable is to use an underline , or using blue .
But take this Hotmail sign in form – can you guess what ’s a link and what ’s not just by looking at it ?
It turns out the top text ( “ Have an MSN Hotmail ... ” ) , which is blue and thus looks linked is just an info message which does n’t lead anywhere else .
The bottom text ( “ Use enhanced security ” ) on the other hand is a link , even when there ’s no visual clue provided to get the point across .
Another recurring problems is that form success and failure are not using distinctive color schemes .
Do not print a success message in red , for instance ... no matter what words you type for that message – say , “ Your form submission was a success , congratulations ! ” – the red color can cause a second of confusion .
Similarly , symbols that can be interpreted as warnings should be avoided on mere informational messages .
4 . You do the math .
Do n’t require operations to be performed by the user if you can do it automatically with your script .
Take the time zone converter below , a useful tool that can make you arrange a schedule when your friend lives across the ocean .
This service offers two basic options : convert from the current date , or convert from another , defined date .
However , when you define your own date & time in the boxes displayed in the middle , this value will be ignored when you hit submit ... unless you also checked the “ Use the following Date / Time ” checkbox .
The obvious thing to do here would be to automatically check the “ Use the following ... ” box as soon as the user enters a custom date ( why else would they enter it if they do n’t want the form to handle it ? ) .
5 . Do not require the user to precisely hit a radio button .
Instead , make the text next to the radio button itself clickable .
This was common interface tradition on Windows once though it ’s ignored by many web forms ... even when HTML provides a really easy way to do it ( it does n’t even require JavaScript ) .
The form below , taken from Google Sites , is an offender of this rule as well , as clicking on the “ Put page under ... ” label does n’t mark the box next to it checked :
6 . Do n’t force the user towards your custom date picker or other widget .
Date pickers in the form of an expanding calendar widget can be a nice thing , but sometimes a user may just wish to enter the date on their own , as plain text ( say , by typing “ 2008 - 12 - 24 ” ) .
If you do decide you need a calendar picker widget , then do n’t force the user to use it by e.g. popping it up over the input box as soon as that box is focused .
The official German train route calculator form is an example of this – as soon as you select the input box it pops up a calendar widget , but even when you manually entered something and then clicked another input box in that form , it wo n’t close itself ( so you always need to hit its close button ) .
To see a more usable example , take a look at the event editor part of Google Calendar .
When you edit the event date or time , the widget will pop up but in general does n’t get in your way if you do n’t want to use it , letting you enter free - style text instead .
7. Your Ajax change may be too subtle .
Sure , Ajax is the greatest web thing since the title tag , but that does n’t mean it ca n’t be abused ... because it can , in plenty of ways .
One such way is to provide form feedback – say , “ you ’re now logged in ” or “ there is an error with your form input ” – in the form of a subtle Ajax update to the page somewhere which the user can easily miss .
In such circumstances , repeated clicking of the Submit button wo n’t help , and the task results in confusion .
Too - subtle layouts for important messages are always bad but at least when there was a page switch and the accompanying visible loading time , users were more carefully looking for that message .
If you give Ajax feedback to form problems or successes , make them very highly visible .
Consider that the user might even have switched to another browser window after hitting submit , figuring that it may take some seconds for the submission to get through ; upon returing to your site ’s window , will that user get your message ... or believe the form submission got stuck ?
8. 3D effects in input boxes can look oldfashioned and sometimes ugly , but do n’t remove them or all 3D color cues unless you ’re aware it might add confusion .
If you ’re using a default input box , it will render with a slight 3D inset border in popular browsers .
If you render a white box on a white background , try not to remove the 3D effect completely , as it makes the input location look less like , well , a place to input text .
The same goes for 3D outset borders used on buttons , which look much less clickable without borders .
However , I believe you can try to get away removing much of the 3D effect if you use clear color cues and the form is rather short – like a darker form background with a white input box on a single search box .
I ’m somewhat undecided on this though , but you can judge for yourself :
9 . If the data seems OK , then give it a go and do n’t ask for another confirmation , and do n’t ask for the data to be provided in the very precise form your database needs it .
Some web forms convert data like a free style address input by the user to their own “ correct ” database format ... and then offer it as part of a combo box for you to confirm again .
If however the form realizes that with good certainty that combo box selection was indeed what the user was after , no such confirmation should be necessary to see the results – instead , there could be a less obtrusive option somewhere below or above the result page which lets the user optionally select other , perhaps better values .
Even other forms force the exact database syntax on the user .
If however e.g. your credit card number checker does n’t accept blanks , then just handle this fuzzy and remove them , and do n’t require the user to remove the blanks on their own .
10 .
Yes , selling detailed user data can get you rich quick ( or so I heard ) .
But that does n’t mean collecting an abundance of information is the right thing to do for your web service .
If all you offer is , say , an email service , then how important really is the gender of the user , or their home phone number and so on ?
The best web forms try to restrict the data to just those things absolutely needed for the service to work ( plus , where necessary , fields required legally , or for security reasons ... like those awful captchas , which are a big usability problems with forms today ) .
There are many other usability guidelines which help as well .
Like keeping your text short , which is always good for interfaces .
Also , use positives in text when asking for the user to make a choice ; it ’s more intuitive to understand a checkbox reading “ do this ” or “ show this ” than one reading “ do n’t do this ” or “ hide this ” ( not to mention quasi double negations like “ do n’t hide ” and so on ) .
And once the form is submitted , it ’s important to actually send the user to the most appropriate follow - up location for the task at hand ( if the task is not finished yet ) , and not just to a general “ thank you ” page .
And whatever you do , you need to realize that your users spend most of their time on other web forms , so sometimes the optimal solution might just be to copy what people are used to and already understand – and you need to consider that people may have multiple windows open and just treat your form as a side - task , perhaps giving up on it if they find it does n’t do what they were expecting .
In the end , most things that make a good form good are common sense , so it just takes time to reflect on your form and look at it from an outsider perspective ... by trying to imagine what it looks like to someone who does n’t know ( or care ) about your database structure , your many considerations , or the history of your product .
To the user , your form is likely not the task in itself , but a necessary obstacle to achieving that task .
Better design it like a traffic sign ( to be glanced at while driving by at 100 km /h ) than like , say , a book ( which you ’ll open sitting in your armchair with lots of time on your hands ) .
[ First Wikipedia screenshot by ITDL.org . ]
>>
More posts
Advertisement
Chris Matthews cuts through the spin and pins the blame squarely where it should be : On House Republicans and John McCain who promised to deliver their vote .
Download Download
" McCain said he was going to lead the Republican charge , he was going to make sure that this was a bipartisan success .
He called charge , and the Republican retreated .
That 's what happened here . "
Politico's Mike Allen writes :
McCain takes credit for bill before it loses
Sen. John McCain ( R - Ariz . ) and his top aides took credit for building a winning bailout coalition – hours before the vote failed and stocks tanked .
The rush to claim he had engineered a victory now looks like a strategic blunder that will prolong the McCain ’s campaign ’s difficulty in finding a winning message on the economy .
Think about how bad this is for McCain .
He " suspended " his campaign last week and promised to get the House GOP on board .
The bill failed today because those very same Republicans bailed once Pelosi hurt their feelings .
McCain put his leadership credentials on the line and failed .
Not a little fail , but an Epic Fail .
And the worst part about it is he and his campaign have been claiming for the past 48 hours that it was McCain 's leadership that got the bill passed .
Marc Ambinder asks the right question :
So if McCain wanted credit for passage , should he share some of the blame for its defeat ?
TPM's Greg Sargent wonders if the failure to pass the bailout with cause McCain 's suspension stunt to backfire :
Today , we are going to talk about a subject other than VPNs .
However , rest assured : it is very closely related to our usual topic !
With that in mind , let ’s get going .
Sooner or later , every modern Internet user comes across the necessity to download a file , be it a book , a movie , or anything else , from a torrent website .
The main reason for the overwhelming popularity of such sites is how fast they are ⎼ anyone who has tried downloading a several - gigabyte file not via P2P technology can attest to that .
So the biggest distinguishing features of torrenting sites are the following : down because it is impossible to delete the file from the computers of all the participants .
They are fast .
They are run by users .
They are not inherently dangerous or illegal ⎼ but still require a great deal of cautiousness when used .
But why is that ?
One of the main advantages of torrents ⎼ that anyone can share a file they want on a specific site ⎼ is also a factor that can pose a certain danger .
It is easy to stumble upon a malware - ridden file shared by hackers or trolls , especially for a beginner user .
Naturally , when a netizen downloads such a file , their system can and will be compromised .
To avoid such incidents , it is best to keep to trusted and reputable torrent sites .
How can you tell them apart from malicious ones ?
Luckily , it ’s very easy .
You just need to read our list of best torrent shares for 2020 !
With this quick nav , you can skip right ahead to the section you want to read the most :
A brief introduction to torrenting
What makes torrenting so convenient and easy is P2P or peer - to - peer technology .
Today .
It ’s hard to even imagine file sharing without it .
It is called peer - to - peer thanks to its decentralization : there are no privileged users in such a network as well as no moderators .
It contributes to the fact that pretty much anything can be downloaded from a torrent website , which sometimes leads to legal trouble ( but more on that later ) .
Unlike a regular download from any other site , where you connect to a server and load a file from it , in a P2P network , you both download and upload parts of the file .
The same is true for everybody who participates in sharing .
These two processes are simultaneous so you share what you just downloaded with other people while downloading other bits of the file .
It greatly improves the speed of file sharing and makes it more difficult for anyone to shut it down because it is impossible to delete the file from the computers of all the participants .
Technicalities aside , what concerns average users more than anything else is the legality of torrents .
Are these sites and P2P technology itself legal ?
The short answer is yes , they are .
Peer - to - peer is simply a technology used for file sharing and there are plenty of files that are legal to share : for example , movies , books , and music that are in the public domain .
However , we ca n’t deny that for many people , torrenting is practically synonymous with piracy .
And , to be frank , there is a good reason for that even though such an opinion is not exactly right .
Due to the speeds and largely uncontrolled nature of this technology , it ’s widely used to share copyrighted content without paying the rights holders .
This fact can cause certain distress even to people who do n’t use torrenting for any illegal purposes .
We ’ll talk about it as well as why it is highly recommended to use a VPN for torrenting in one of the following chapters of this article .
One more thing you should know about torrenting is that you need a torrent client to download and manage files .
It is an app that you need to install on your system .
The most popular one , however , is qBitTorrent .
It is free , works on pretty much every operating system and supports all the torrent sites .
Which brings us to …
10 best torrent sites for 2020
Most experienced internet users have their preferences already set when it comes to torrent trackers .
However , for people who just start to use P2P or want to expand their awareness about this technology and file sharing in general , the following list will be indispensable .
It is also worth noting that popular torrent sites can often go down because of various legal issues so it ’s good to have a hefty list of alternatives available for such a scenario .
So in this section I ’m going to give you a nice list of working torrent trackers that will suit all your needs .
Without further ado , let ’s get into it !
Important warning : Please be aware that VPN - Review does not condone or encourage any illegal activities using P2P or other technologies .
Use the information in the article in accordance with your country ’s laws and at your own discretion .
1. The Pirate Bay
For many netizens , this website is synonymous with torrenting itself .
Maintained by the Swedish Pirate Party , thepiratebay.org is the largest tracker out there .
Its functionality allows you to search for specific torrents as well as browse files by category ( such as music , movies , software , etc. ) as well as by their upload date and popularity .
You can also use magnet links or download torrent files to your computer first .
Another useful feature is that TPB gives a special icon to the trusted uploaders :
It ’s recommended to choose torrents that have it to decrease the possibility of getting malware or simply wasting your time on downloading a poor quality file .
Unfortunately , its popularity and firm stance on copyright issues have made The Pirate Bay a frequent target of attacks carried out with the help of legal and technological means .
Therefore , this site often experiences shutdowns and cannot be accessed .
Useful information : Luckily , even if the main domain is down , it does n’t mean you cannot use this torrent tracker .
Not only are there numerous alternatives to it ( which you will find further in this review ) but also there are mirrors of TPB itself .
To quickly view which ones are up , just go to this address .
There , you are almost guaranteed to find a working proxy of the tracker !
2. Katcr.co
Katcr.co is a site that somewhat rides the coattails of another one that had enormous popularity back in the 2010s .
However , that one ⎼ KickassTorrents ⎼ was shut down permanently by the governmental organizations in 2016 so we can assume that the name of its replacement is a kind of reference to that fact .
Although it cannot boast quite the same level of user activity its predecessor once had , there are still enough people using katcr .
co to provide fast download speeds on many torrent files .
Among the features of this tracker are search by name and by the categories of the file .
For example , you can considerably narrow your search by limiting it to movie torrents of a certain sub-category :
Additionally , you can sort movies by genre as well if you have something specific in mind or just want to find a film similar to something you have already watched :
Of course , it ’s not only cinema torrents that have this amount of fine - tuning .
As for video games , you can also sort them by the platform they are meant for :
All in all , this tracker provides some very nice search options that are sure to make finding anything you need simple .
3. Tamil Rockers
Bollywood movies are not everybody ’s cup of tea .
Despite that , it ’s impossible to deny the fact that their fanbase is absolutely huge : many Indian films show great results not only in India but also in terms of the worldwide box office .
One way or another , tamilrockers.ws is the best torrenting site for those who do love Bollywood .
There , one can find movies in Tamil , Telugu , and Hindi if it is available in those languages .
That ’s not to say , however , that there are n’t any English versions : you can find them as well , though they are a bit less prevalent here .
Compared to many other torrent sites , Tamil Rockers has a bit of a disadvantage : it ’s not very easy to find a movie you want on it because of how the website itself is made .
Unlike , say , TPB , it lists all the torrents as separate topics on its forums , which may be slightly inconvenient for those who are used to a different system .
Advice : Use the Quick Navigation button on the website to make your searches easier :
It opens up a menu that will help you immensely :
Another thing to mention is that Tamil Rockers is blocked in India .
While this can be bypassed by using mirrors , a more failsafe way to get access to the site is by using a VPN .
4. 1337x
1337 x is another great source for your torrenting needs .
Fun fact : its name stands for “ leet ” or “ elite ” spelled with the so - called “ leet speak ” which is a way to spell words with symbols other than letters for humorous effect .
How humorous it is , exactly , depends on the recipient .
Anyway , 1337 x has earned its renown not by joking around .
It is a powerful website with tons of content that has a comprehensive search and categorization system .
The design on this website is extremely intuitive and if I judged torrent trackers based solely on how convenient they are to use , 1337 x would have gotten a straight A+ from me .
Just take a look at how many general categories it provides :
But that ’s far from it .
There are also categories for new episodes of TV shows , documentaries , etc .
Another nice feature is that 1337 x has a clear set of rules for uploaders ( like on other sites , you need to sign up to upload ; however , you can download files as a guest ) which is readily available from the main page .
Not all torrent trackers are so transparent with their policies and sometimes , you have to do some digging to find out about the rules .
5. LimeTorrents
LimeTorrents is yet another service that is easy to use and has a lot of content .
The figures are quite astonishing , as you can see in the following picture :
This picture also gives you an idea of how well organized that content is .
As you can see , games and applications files are pretty well divided into categories so that you can take a look at everything that interests you in one place .
Unfortunately , the same ca n’t be said about movies , books , TV series , and music torrents so you ’ll have to have a more precise idea of what you want to watch , read , or listen to .
LimeTorrents has a few useful quality - of - life additions .
For instance , it shows how “ healthy ” any particular file is .
What health means in this case is the ratio between seeders and leechers : the more there are of the former and the fewer of the latter , the healthier the torrent is .
Of course , you can tell it yourself by looking at the seeders and leechers numbers but it ’s still nice to have a little bit of visual representation .
What ’s also interesting is how LimeTorrents attempts to stay on the good side of the rights holders .
As is specified in its FAQ section , the website does n’t host any copyrighted files but only information about torrents which are stored on users ’ machines .
Moreover , the service offers to remove any such information if the rights holders think it is posted in violation of their copyright .
6. Nyaa
While it ’s absolutely possible to find many anime torrents on the sites mentioned above , this one is the one every otaku needs to bookmark .
Nyaa is a great repository for all your anime and manga needs !
What distinguishes this website among all others is how convenient it is to search for the titles that interest you .
For example , the list of categories looks like this :
As you can see , it covers a lot of options in terms of content type , translation , quality , etc .
But where some other torrent sites stop at enabling search by categories , Nyaa goes one step further .
There are also filters that allow you to search only for the torrents added by trusted users or exclude remakes from your search results :
Interestingly enough , Nyaa lets you upload your torrent file information even if you are not logged in :
It is a very rare thing on torrent trackers in 2020 and actually , for a good reason .
The requirement to register to be able to upload files makes it harder for spammers or trolls to upload fake torrents .
Thus , it is advisable to always sort the files you ’re searching for by a trusted uploader to prevent any trouble .
7. GamesTorrents
No bonus points for guessing what this site ’s main speciality is !
Indeed , GamesTorrents is where you come for video games ⎼ and whether it is a new release or a cult classic from the 90s does n’t matter because you эre going to find what you ’re looking for regardless .
The only problem with the site ’s layout is that it is in Spanish so if you do n’t speak it , browsing may be somewhat inconvenient .
However , it ’s not a huge issue since you can automatically translate it into English in Google Chrome .
What you have on GameTorrents is a lot of customizable search options :
You can select game torrents of a specific genre , platform , installer format , region , language , or even the group that did the crack for the game .
That ’s especially useful because almost every gamer has some preference in that due to compatibility .
Another slight issue with this tracker is that there is no easy way to see how many seeders or leechers there are on any given torrent .
Though I can attest that most of the time , there were enough for a speedy download , the inability to see the numbers before you start your file sharing is pretty baffling .
8. Etree
If you look for torrent sites that provide 100 % legal content , eTree.org is a great choice for you .
There , you can find torrent files of live recordings of concerts .
The best thing about it is that the artists whose records are shared that way all give their consent .
This practice is known as trade friendliness .
The definitions of it can vary but the bottom line is that those artists are fine with at least fan recordings of their performances being shared for free .
You might think that such a thing would only be allowed by smaller , indie bands but that is not quite correct .
Though most bands you ’ll find on eTree are indeed more niche , there are also very popular ones as well .
Arguably , the most renowned example of trade - friendly artists is Grateful Dead .
In terms of functionality , this tracker is very convenient .
You can look for a song or album and specify which artist your results should be limited to :
By default , eTree does n’t show music torrents with no seeders in search results .
However , if you want to reseed some files you have downloaded and that have no one seeding them , you can enable this option :
9. Archive.org
Archive.org is a truly wondrous source of information .
It contains literally millions of books , games , software , TV programs , and other titles .
And one of the best things about it which makes this website eligible for our list is that there is a torrenting section on it !
It ’s true that this is not a traditional torrent website .
For example , you are unlikely to find the latest gaming release or the most up - to - date episode of your favorite show there .
However , if you are into history , archive.org is a real treat .
You can find books , documents , and recordings in many languages - and torrent any of them .
There is also a great collection of movies including silent films if that ’s what you fancy :
However , you should be aware that not all content on the platform is entirely family - friendly so some degree of viewer discretion is definitely advised .
In terms of download speed , I have nothing but good things to say about archive.org .
No matter what file I checked , there were always enough seeders to provide me with fast speeds :
All in all , this service is incredibly fun to just get lost in and see how many times you will say , “ I did n’t know I was interested in this ! ”
10 . Torrents.io
No list of torrenting sites would be full without mentioning torrents .io .
While it does n’t host any torrent information itself , it acts as a combined search engine for numerous other trackers instead .
So , by using it , you can get results from several sites at once .
Convenient , is n’t it ?
To make the things even more convenient , torrents .
io provides a list of categories to which different websites fall :
And if you , for instance , go to the Sports category , you will be given this list of sites that may be of interest to you :
As you can see , a lot of them are private , meaning that you have to get an invite to be able to register and use them .
However , you have a chance to fix this by proposing more sites to be listed :
This option gives you an email address to send your suggestions to and if they are approved , they will be added to the list .
The search settings here are truly amazing .
You get to choose results from what trackers you want to see and have a large selection of sites to add to your personal list :
Precautions to take when torrenting
Despite all of its pluses , torrenting is not without its fair share of minuses .
I should delineate the most pressing of them .
First of all , it is the legal concerns related to P2P .
As I have mentioned already , due to the abundance of copyrighted content on many torrents websites , this technology is frowned upon by many entities including governments , ISPs , and copyright holders .
Though in all likelihood , you wo n’t probably get sued for torrenting a movie ( and in some countries , that is fully legal as long as you do n’t distribute the file ) , the risk is still present .
After all , it is n’t unheard of .
Second of all , even if you are sharing perfectly legal files , your ISP may take notice of the abnormally high bandwidth usage and decide to throttle your speed .
The reason for that is simple : to free more bandwidth up for other customers so that their speed can be higher .
And the third danger you may face when torrenting is fake files that can contain malware or , in less extreme cases , just something irrelevant to what you thought you were downloading .
To help you protect yourself against the first two issues , I recommend using a good virtual private network .
All the best VPN services are capable of hiding the fact that you are engaging in some P2P activity .
As for the third one , alas , a VPN is n’t going to cut it .
A good antivirus should help you more here but it is worth mentioning that , just like with VPNs , a free one is almost always insufficient .
Additionally , it ’s recommended to download torrent files shared only by trusted users as those are the least likely to be malicious in nature .
But the most important precaution is to use your common sense .
It is always better to spend another five minutes looking for a reliable file than to download it from an untrustworthy resource and then waste five hours fixing the problem it caused .
With that in mind , keep safe and stay tuned for more VPN reviews and articles !
Organic and inorganic chemicals from the leading chemistry supplier including chemical synthesis , materials science , biochemistry , custom chemistry services , and solvents and inorganics .
Find and learn how to use building blocks , monomers , catalysts , reagents , polymers and nanomaterials using our vast online chemistry database containing chemical properties , protocols and chemistry publications .
Find out how we help to bridge the gap between the chemistry laboratory , the chemistry marketplace , and chemical production through chemistry partnerships with the brightest minds in chemistry .
Auctions are an old and widely used method for allocating goods that have become increasingly common with the advent of internet auctions sites such as Ebay .
Previous economic research has shown that in an auction people tend to bid " too high , " or overbid , given the value of the item for sale .
By combining brain imaging techniques with behavioral economic research , neuroscientists and economists at New York University were able to provide new insight into this tendency to overbid .
Specifically , they show that the fear of losing the social competition inherent in an auction may , in part , cause people to pay too much .
The research , which suggests an expanded role for neuroscience in understanding economic behavior , appears in the latest issue of the journal Science .
The goal of the study was to provide insight into the neural circuitry of experimental auctions , and then to use this insight to generate and test a novel economic approach to understand overbidding .
It was conducted by a team of NYU neuroscientsts and economists .
The neuroscientists were NYU Professor Elizabeth Phelps and Mauricio Delgado , now an assistant professor at Rutgers University in Newark , N.J .
The economists were Andrew Schotter , a professor in NYU 's Department of Economics , and Erkut Ozbay , a former NYU doctoral student and now an assistant professor in the University of Maryland 's Department of Economics .
The researchers used functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fMRI ) to examine patterns of brain activation as participants played either an auction game with a partner or a lottery game .
In both games participants could win money , but in the auction game winning depended on outbidding a partner .
An examination of activation in the striatum , part of the brain 's reward circuitry , showed the primary difference when winning or losing in the auction vs. lottery games was an exaggerated response to losses in the auction game .
The magnitude of this exaggerated loss response in the striatum during the auction game correlated with the tendency to overbid , suggesting the intriguing hypothesis that perhaps the prospect of losing the social competition inherent in an auction may lead people to bid " too high . "
To confirm this hypothesis , a follow - up behavioral economic study was conducted .
Three groups of participants played an auction game against a partner under different circumstances .
The control group was simply given values and asked to make bids .
The Bonus - Frame group was told that if they won the auction , they would also receive a bonus of 15 experimental dollars .
The Loss - Frame group was given 15 experimental dollars prior to the auction , but participants were told they would lose the 15 dollars if they failed to win the auction .
In both the Loss and Bonus - Frame conditions , only the winners would get an additional 15 experimental dollars , so the auctions were strategically identical .
The difference was simply the way it was framed to emphasize losing or winning .
Consistent with the hypothesis that contemplation of loss may , in part , drive overbidding , participants in the Loss - Frame condition consistently bid higher than the other two groups , resulting in a greater potential profit for a hypothetical auctioneer .
According to Schotter , " such a result would not have been predicted by existing economic theory .
While there have been investigations of overbidding which have attributed the phenomenon to either risk aversion or the ' joy of winning , ' it was the use of imaging data which allowed us to distinguish between these conflicting explanations and actually arrive at a new and different one , the ' fear of losing . '
Our results provide evidence of how an understanding of the neural systems of economic behavior might inform economic theory . "
" These results highlight a role for the contemplation of social loss in understanding the tendency to bid ' too high ' in auctions and emphasize the importance of considering social factors in economic decisions , " Phelps explained .
" By combining neuroeconomic and behavioral economic techniques we were able to provide novel insight into a classic economic problem . "
" Although there have been a number of neuroeconomic studies that have used economic games to further our understanding of brain function , the benefits to traditional behavioral economics as a result are unclear , " Delgado added .
" Because of recent advances in neuroeconomics and our knowledge of the neural circuitry related to reward , we were able to use neuroimaging results to highlight the importance of framing , and specifically the contemplated loss , as an explanation for overbidding during experimental auctions . "
Make Your Own Ammo
How do you turn molten metal into perfect spheres ?
Just pour it off the roof
On June 25th 2005 , the homepage of the EliteTorrents.org tracker displayed an ominous message .
Thousands of members trying to log in to get a sneak peak at a leaked copy of Star Wars : Episode 3 were surprised and confused in equal numbers .
Had the FBI really raided one of the largest BitTorrent communities and put up a badly made Word document , or were hackers to blame ?
There ’s no denying it was a very confusing day .
For a while the site just did n’t respond for me .
The rumors were starting to circulate .
Had the EliteTorrents site really been raided by the FBI ?
Many furious refreshes later and there it was , a crude webpage with a blood - red background , with a DOJ graphic on one side and an FBI one on the other .
In the middle sat part of the EliteTorrents banner ( enlarge ) .
The page was so crude that it gave the tens of thousands of worried users a little relief – if the FBI was really behind the shutdown they would ’ve made a better job of the page design than this , surely ?
The conclusion I reached along with many others was that this was the work of hackers .
Site staff reported that the DNS had been hacked , which at the time was actually relatively good news , as reports started to come in that the site now traced to the Department of Homeland Security .
For many sci- fi fans the site downtime was really badly timed , as they ( and just about everyone else ) were desperate to get on the site to get the leaked ‘ ViSA ‘ workprint copy of Star Wars : Episode III .
But as time passed you could feel the mood change .
Most people knew deep down something was wrong but just did n’t want to admit it .
Operation D - Elite had been and now EliteTorrents was gone .
When the confirmation came , it did so via a notice in the site ’s IRC channel : “ A few of the admins have been raided by the FBI , sorry , but ET [ EliteTorrents ] is now closed ” , closely followed by an announcement by Acting Assistant Attorney General John C. Richter of the Criminal Division , Homeland Security Assistant Secretary for Immigration and Customs Enforcement Michael J. Garcia , and Assistant Director Louis M. Reigel of the FBI ’s Cyber Division :
This morning , agents of the FBI and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) executed 10 search warrants across the United States against leading members of a technologically sophisticated P2P network known as Elite Torrents .
Employing technology known as BitTorrent , the Elite Torrents network attracted more than 133,000 members and , in the last four months , allegedly facilitated the illegal distribution of more than 17,800 titles – including movies and software – which were downloaded 2.1 million times .
BitTorrent sites had been shut down before in the United States , such as the LokiTorrent case , but none had been closed down by the FBI – something had changed .
The recently introduced Family Entertainment and Copyright Act meant that when EliteTorrents admin Sk0t uploaded Star Wars : Episode III , he did n’t just commit a civil infringement , it was now a serious crime .
The huge popularity of the movie meant it was downloaded at least 10,000 times during the first 24 hours with some claiming in the region of 20,000 downloads worldwide , and this was reportedly enough for the MPAA to finally lose its patience and make good on its successful infiltration of the site .
The federal agents involved in the case executed 10 warrants and took control of the server .
In a recent interview , Scott McCausland , aka sk0t , an administrator of the site told Slyck : “ Star Wars was uploaded … and then it was game over .
I awoke one morning to see the FBI warning on the ET site , and thought to myself “ Damn , I think we are screwed . ”
It did n’t dawn on me at the time that I could be a target .
I did n’t upload a lot , just a couple movies .
But I did Star Wars , so …
Then , at 6 AM I am woken up to the sounds of 6 FBI , 6 ICE , and 2 Local Police at my front door .
They come in , confiscate everything , and that begins my 2 + years saga . ”
In the BitTorrent community many people were absolutely furious at the loss of their favorite site , with a passion not seen since the demise of Suprnova .
Thousands of others were panicking .
Forums and IRC were awash with theories of who had been arrested so far and who would be targeted next by the FBI , and why .
Would it be limited to admins ?
What about the uploaders ?
Would regular users be chased down ?
In the end , around 130,000 users had nothing to worry about but some admins and uploaders were n’t so lucky .
In 2006 , Scott McCausland pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to commit criminal copyright infringement and one count of criminal copyright infringement for his uploading of Star Wars : Episode III .
He received jail time and home confinement and on his release told TorrentFreak : “ After 5 months in prison , and another 5 months on home confinement , I have just one obstacle left : my 1.5 years years left of probation . ”
Fellow site admin Grant Stanley , then aged 23 , pleaded guilty to the same offenses as Scott and received the same sentence with the addition of a $ 3,000 fine .
Other admins and uploaders who pleaded guilty included Sam Kuonen , then aged 24 , 22 year old Scott D. Harvanek and An Duc Do , aged 25 .
Not everyone arrested in connection with the case pleaded guilty .
Daniel Dove , an administrator of the site , opted for a ‘ not guilty ’ plea .
For Dove , the gamble has n’t paid off .
The jury was told that Dove was responsible for managing and recruiting the crucial ‘ uploaders ’ on the site ( original seeders ) and that he also operated a server which was used to distribute pirate material .
The jury believed it and found him guilty on one count each of conspiracy and felony copyright infringement .
Dove will be sentenced on September 9th 2008 where he , like some of the other admins , faces a maximum sentence of 10 years in jail , but is likely to receive substantially less .
Historically , the EliteTorrents case is an important one .
Many BitTorrent trackers used to be hosted in the United States , but had been essentially scared or pressured to leave , largely due to direct or indirect MPAA pressure .
Right up until the creation of the Family Entertainment Act , any action against sites would have taken place in the civil domain .
The act coming into force gave the FBI the green light to get involved , much to the delight of the MPAA who possessed significant investigative powers but lacked the killer ability to quickly shut down a non-compliant site .
The MPAA loves to issue a stream of data about how much piracy went on at EliteTorrents ( and a lot did go on ) , but it was the seeding of a movie , a single pre-release movie that eventually killed the entire site and caused the imprisonment of the admin team .
Clearly the leak did nothing to hurt the movie as it went on to gross nearly $ 110 m in its first weekend and has nearly reached a worldwide total of $ 1bn .
But we knew that anyway .
Despite the massive resources at the disposal of the FBI and supposed importance of the case , the person that originally leaked the Episode 3 workprint copy direct from Lucas is nowhere to be seen .
UCSD Installs 1.2 MW Solar Array
September 4th , 2008 by Kelli Best - Oliver
The University of California , San Diego , in support of its ambitious goal of being the greenest university in the U.S. , are installing a 1.2 MW solar electric system as part of its comprehensive sustainable energy program .
This system will contribute approximately 1.5 million kW hours of clean energy to the university per year and be one of the largest non-utility solar arrays in California .
The project is just part of a university effort to become energy independent , and should be finished and functionally running by the end of the year .
Contracted by Borrego Solar , the system will consist of almost 6,000 Kyocera solar modules mounted on top of the Gilman parking structure , the Price Center , and several other campus buildings , using creative architecture to integrate the technology with existing structures .
The $ 9 million project is being financed through a purchase power agreement ( PPA ) through Solar Power Partners .
“ UC San Diego prides itself on being one of the nation ’s leading universities when it comes to environmental responsibility and energy efficiency , and the launch of our comprehensive sustainable energy program continues to promote our green efforts , ” said David Weil , assistant director of UC San Diego ’s facilities management .
“ We are grateful to Borrego Solar , Solar Power Partners and Kyocera Solar for their assistance in helping make the solar energy aspect of this project a reality .
Borrego ’s experience and expertise will allow us to quickly activate the system and maximize its efficiency , and Solar Power Partners ’ PPA provided us with a creative financing solution that fits our needs . ”
Along with the solar panels , UCSD will use energy produced from methane - powered fuel cells and purchased off - campus wind energy and hopes to produce 2.9 MW of clean energy per year , enough to power 1,500 homes .
With almost assured success of the initial solar array , university and industry officials are confident that this array will grow in the future .
>>
Calculate the solar potential of your California home with Renewzle ’s solar calculator .
Related Stories
Schools Going Solar : An Interview With Mike Hall
UC San Diego Saves Millions with Realtime Management
College Dorms Getting Greener and Greener
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
CINCINNATI  Ohio must include the Libertarian Party ’s nominees on its ballot in November , a court has ruled , complicating Senator John McCain ’s effort to win conservative votes in a hotly contested state rich in electoral votes .
The Libertarian candidate , Bob Barr , formerly a Republican congressman from Georgia , will lead his party ’s ticket , which includes the vice - presidential candidate , Wayne Allyn Root , and candidates for governor and several Congressional seats .
“ Ballot restrictions are all designed to prevent competition for the Democrats and Republicans , ” said Russell Verney , Mr. Barr ’s campaign manager , who said inclusion on the ballot with a party banner should help attract more votes than if Mr. Barr were on the ballot as an independent candidate .
The court order , issued Thursday , directs the Ohio secretary of state , Jennifer L. Brunner , to disregard her office ’s current guidelines for ballot inclusion , which require eligible parties to gather valid signatures equal to one - half of 1 percent of the total vote in 2006 or to have garnered at least 5 percent of the last election ’s votes .
The Libertarians submitted 6,545 signatures in March , far below the approximately 20,000 needed .
Ms. Brunner ’s office has not decided whether to appeal the ruling .
BAGHDAD 
The case of a freelance photographer in Iraq who was barred from covering the Marines after he posted photos on the Internet of several of them dead has underscored what some journalists say is a growing effort by the American military to control graphic images from the war .
Zoriah Miller , the photographer who took images of marines killed in a June 26 suicide attack and posted them on his Web site , was subsequently forbidden to work in Marine Corps - controlled areas of the country .
Maj. Gen. John Kelly , the Marine commander in Iraq , is now seeking to have Mr. Miller barred from all United States military facilities throughout the world .
Mr. Miller has since left Iraq .
If the conflict in Vietnam was notable for open access given to journalists  too much , many critics said , as the war played out nightly in bloody newscasts  the Iraq war may mark an opposite extreme : after five years and more than 4,000 American combat deaths , searches and interviews turned up fewer than a half - dozen graphic photographs of dead American soldiers .
It is a complex issue , with competing claims often difficult to weigh in an age of instant communication around the globe via the Internet , in which such images can add to the immediate grief of families and the anger of comrades still in the field .
But as real ecosystems take on exotic species , they do not show any sign of being saturated , Dr. Sax said .
In their paper , Dr. Sax and Dr. Gaines analyze the rise of exotic species on six islands and island chains .
Invasive plants have become naturalized at a steady pace over the last two centuries , with no sign of slowing down .
In fact , the total diversity of these islands has doubled .
Image A MIX California poppy and ryegrass , invasive New Zealand plants .
Right , native vine and invasive Pride of Madeira .
Credit ... Dov Sax
Fish also show this pattern , said James Brown of the University of New Mexico .
He said that whenever he visits a river where exotic fish have been introduced , “ I ask , ‘ Have you seen any extinctions of the natives ? ’ ” “ The first response you get is , ‘ Not yet , ’ as if the extinction of the natives is an inevitable consequence .
There ’s this article of faith that the net effect is negative . ”
Dr. Brown does not think that faith is warranted .
In Hawaii , for example , 40 new species of freshwater fish have become established , and the 5 native species are still present .
Dr. Brown and his colleagues acknowledge that invasive species can push native species out of much of their original habitat .
But they argue that native species are not becoming extinct , because they compete better than the invasive species in certain refuges .
These scientists also point out that exotics can actually spur the evolution of new diversity .
A North American plant called saltmarsh cordgrass was introduced into England in the 19th century , where it interbred with the native small cordgrass .
Their hybrid offspring could not reproduce with either original species , producing a new species called common cordgrass .
Long before humans moved plants around , many plants hybridized into new species by this process .
“ Something like a third of the plant species you see around you formed that way , ” Dr. Sax said .
Biological invasions also set off bursts of natural selection .
House sparrows , for example , have moved to North America from Europe and have spread across the whole continent .
“ Natural selection will start to change them , ” Dr. Sax said .
“ If you give that process enough time , they will become new species . ”
“ The natives themselves are also likely to adapt , ” Dr. Sax added .
Some of the fastest rates of evolution ever documented have taken place in native species adapting to exotics .
Some populations of soapberry bugs in Florida , for example , have shifted from feeding on a native plant , the balloon vine , to the goldenrain tree , introduced from Asia by landscapers in the 1950s .
In five decades , the smaller goldenrain seeds have driven the evolution of smaller mouthparts in the bugs , along with a host of other changes .
Looks like Clickjacking is the web - security buzzword of the week ( month ? ) , since Robert " RSnake " Hansen and Jeremiah Grossman decided to cancel their OWASP talk , drawing an aura of mystery around the whole issue and its magnitudo .
Nevertheless some info and speculations have been percolating , and even if the precise details of the attacks proposed by those two researchers are still embargoed , especially because of the serious and not necessarily obvious implications worrying Adobe , a certain awareness about the general technique and the possible countermeasures does circulate now .
In Jeremiah 's and RSnake 's words :
Think of any button on any Web site , internal or external , that you can get to appear between the browser walls , wire transfers on banks , Digg buttons , CPC advertising banners , Netflix queue , etc .
The list is virtually endless and these are relatively harmless examples .
Next , consider that an attack can invisibly hover these buttons below the usersâ€™ mouse , so that when they click on something they visually see , they actually are clicking on something the attacker wants them to . [...]
Say you have a home wireless router that you had authenticated prior to going to a [ malicious ] web site .
[ The web site ] could place a tag under your mouse that frames in a single button an order to the router to , for example , delete all firewall rules .
In other words , the attack is thrown by a malicious web page embedding objects , possibly from a different site , such as framed documents or plugin content ( Flash , Silverlight , Java ... ) which may lead to unwanted results if clicked by the current user ( e.g. a " Delete all messages " button in your webmail or an advertisement banner in a click fraud scheme ) .
Using DHTML , and especially CSS , the attacker can disguise or hide the click target in several ways which go completely undetected by the user , who 's easily tricked into clicking it in a more or less blind way .
JavaScript increases the effectiveness of these attacks hugely , because it can make our invisible target constantly follow the mouse pointer , intercepting user 's first click with no failure .
We can however imagine a few less effective but still feasible scriptless scenarios , e.g. covering the whole window with hidden duplicates of the target or overlaying an attractive element of the page , likely to be clicked ( e.g. a game or a porn image link ) , with a transparent target instance .
Nevertheless , as RSnake puts it ,
[...] the best defense against clickjacking attacks is to use Firefox with the NoScript add - on installed .
Users running that combination will be safe , said Hansen , against â€œa very good chunk of the issues , 99.99 percent at this point.â€ 
That 's true because attacking from an untrusted page not allowed to run JavaScript is highly impractical , but also because NoScript by default prevents Java , Silverlight and especially Flash content , which seem so far the most dangerous clickjacking targets , from being embedded on non-whitelisted pages .
But what about that damned 0.01 % ?
That 's given by framed documents , most notably IFRAMEs .
For a live and benign example of what you can do with IFRAME - based clickjacking , look at NoScript 's " install now ! " widget , which gets dynamically overlayed by the addons.
mozilla.org install page : they 're positioned so that if you click on the orange button you automatically install from AMO , skipping the security notification bar you would get on any other site .
This " clickjacking " of mine has been there for a long time ( since AMO V3 , IIRC ) , and it heavily relies on JavaScript .
But even if an IFRAME - based attack was carefully crafted to work without JavaScript , NoScript would still provide effective protection , scoring a perfect 100 % by RSnake 's standards .
You just need to enable the Plugins | Forbid < IFRAME > option , and cross -site IFRAMEs will be blocked by default on untrusted pages : they will need a confirmation to be activated , therefore " blind clicks " become impossible .
Zone 365 and Hardware Forums created a short video tutorial about this setting .
If you want to be protected even against unlikely attacks thrown from a trusted site included in your whitelist , check Plugins |Apply these restriction to trusted sites as well : embedded objects ( plugin content and frames ) get blocked on every site , but you can enable any of them on the fly by clicking on its placeholder .
A final recommendation is reading this Michal Zalewski's contribution , which covers the IFRAME case only but is very generous with mitigation proposals , both for web developers and browser vendors : by the way , his browser fix proposal # 4 is almost identical to current NoScript 's Forbid < IFRAME > option , and simpler variants of proposal # 3 are being explored as default features in NoScript development builds since version 1.8.1.7 .
Things are going haywire at work , your friends are having troubles and you ’re being brought into them , you ’re wondering where the next money is going to come from – we ’ve all had these times in our lives , where bad news never seems to come singly , but in groups !
So how do we stay detached and keep our tranquility in the middle of everything ?
Control your mind
All negativity first attacks the mind , and it is here that you can have your best defenses against being depressed about it .
Too often we waste valuable energy speculating worst - case scenarios about what will happen , and we end up being depressed more from the scenarios that we have invented than the situation as it exists now !
We have to train ourselves to focus on what needs to be done , and cut aside any extraenous thinking or worrying .
I remember a prayer my mother had pinned up on the kitchen noticeboard ever since I was a child : “ Lord , grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change , the courage to change the things I can , and the wisdom to know the difference . ”
My mother was n’t particularly religious , I guess it was just the profound wisdom contained within the prayer that appealed to her , the same as it does to me .
This is of course easier said than done – the mind can at times seem like a set of wild horses careering down the path of negativity regardless of the effect it has on your happiness .
To tame those horses , what is needed is a regular practice of meditation .
It wo n’t make negative thoughts go away overnight , but what it will do over time is strengthen your ability to focus on the here and now and stop mulling over what might never happen .
Keep a perspective
Negative news tends to fill up your entire thinking and crowd out all the positive aspects of life .
Do n’t let that happen !
Keep things in perspective by considering all the blessings you have had so far in your life .
We discussed the quality of gratitude a few blog posts back , and we would certainly recommend exploring some of the techniques posted there ; it will help you see all the good things in your life as well as the bad .
It ’s not the event itself ; it ’s how you interpret it
Be not afraid
Of destructive actions by others .
But be afraid
Of your own reaction to them .
– Sri Chinmoy
A common psychological model developed in the 1980 ’s postulated that people who attribute internal , stable and global causes to bad things that happen are much more likely to get depressed about them .
What do we mean by that ?
By internal , we mean blaming ourselves rather than something outside ourselves .
By stable , we feel that the current bad situation is going to last forever .
And by global , we see this bad thing as evidence of a continuing run of hopelessness – for example saying “ Oh , I ca n’t do anything right ” or “ it always turns out like that ” – rather than seeing it as specific to that particular situation .
All these ways of explaining a situation are merely reflex actions of the mind .
When we can control our minds , we can accept each situation and deal with it as it is , without attributing blame , without feeling we will be trapped in that situation forever , and without seeing that bad situation as a further indication of how bad life is .
Stay inspired
Happiness is always accompanied by a tremendous sense of expansion – you feel a great sense of goodwill for everyone , and a sense of place in this vast world .
In contrast , when bad news strikes , the tendency is to retreat behind the walls of your own castle and separate yourself from everyone ; your thinking becomes largely focused on yourself and your predicament .
Try every day to have a diet of inspirational reading or watching ; this will help in turbulent times to release you from your self absorbed thought - prison and back on the road to actively look for a way forward .
Read about other people who faced odds much greater than yours and triumphed .
If they can do it , you can do it too !
Tags
A recent study from the Congressional Budget Office ( CBO ) has zero credibility .
It pegged likely taxpayer losses in the Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac bailouts at $ 25 billion .
For those with a sense of history , it is worth remembering that the S&L bailout had a $ 160 billion price tag .
The numbers diverge so far from reality as to be laugh - out - loud funny .
Funny , that is , except that the CBO estimate demonstrates a willful disconnect with the actual consequences of federal government actions .
As demonstrated below , the real cost of the bailouts will easily exceed $ 1.3 trillion .
In fact , the real cost is likely to range between $ 1.3 trillion to $ 1.6 trillion , and is not unlikely to reach $ 2.5 trillion .
Between 2001 and 2007 , Fannie and Freddie purchased or guaranteed $ 700 billion of Alt - A and subprime loans .
Given the default rates on these loans — and the fact that the price of the housing that is the ultimate security of the loans will , for reasons demonstrated below , fall by at least thirty percent — this alone implies a loss for Fannie and Freddie on the order of $ 210 billion .
Fannie and Freddie acknowledge already - impaired loans on the balance sheet of $ 19 billion , which they have used creative accounting to avoid deleting from the shareholder equity account .
This means that Fannie and Freddie have a maximum of $ 64 billion in capital remaining .
Given the inevitable losses on the Alt - A / subprime portion of their portfolio , it must be the case that if the federal government , as it is doing , guarantees Fannie and Freddie 's solvency , the difference between the loss and the capital to be made up by the government ( i.e. , the taxpayers ) must equal , not $ 25 billion but $ 147 billion .
That alone would mean that the CBO is blowing smoke with their estimated cost figures , and if you think back to the S&L cost of $ 160 billion , this is not a surprising result .
The real picture is so much worse that it is pretty obvious the CBO is flat out inventing figures just to get the politicians through November .
The real story is simple .
We have witnessed the largest asset - price bubble in US history , making the tech - stock bubble seem like an overdone weekly rally .
When you look at the graph of the Case - Shiller residential real - estate index , an index dating from 1890 to the present and an index which measures the cost of housing in comparison to other goods , the first thing you see is that the 2001 to 2006 bubble stands out like a fifty foot saguaro cactus in a patch of daisies .
There simply has never been anything like it before .
When you know what you are looking at — the biggest bubble in history — it is scary .
To be precise , the Case - Shiller Index in its entire 110 - year history had never crossed 140 until the recent bubble .
In 2006 , it reached 210 .
Every single real - estate bubble in the past has at best been followed by a fall back to at least the 110 level in the postwar era , although the bubble preceding the Great Depression witnessed a fall to 60 .
What this means is that in the best - case scenario , real - estate prices have to fall in the medium to long run by almost half .
Now consider Fannie and Freddie .
Just looking at their portfolios on the balance sheet without the guarantees , let us accept ( for no particular reason other than a desire that the reader sleep better at night ) that real - estate prices only fall by thirty percent .
Well , since Uncle Sam is now committed to " doing whatever it takes , " that is a loss right there of $ 1 trillion .
This committment to keep financial markets open as usual is made in spite of the overwhelming evidence that what we have been taught is usual is in fact delusional , given that Fannie and Freddie own $ 3 trillion and change of mortgages .
The CBO is not fence - post stupid , so obviously just as in the S&L fiasco in 1988 , they are outright inventing figures so that the politicians can slither into November and then announce , Whoops !
our numbers were a little low .
The more realistic scenario is actually worse .
Fannie and Freddie own and guarantee a total of more than $ 5 trillion in mortgages .
Given the long - run historically plausible equilibrium values of residential real estate as embodied in the Case - Shiller Index , that means that the taxpayer loss definitely reaches $ 1.3 trillion , easily ranging up to $ 1.6 trillion .
Unfortunately , that is the good news .
The bad news is that if real - estate prices were to replicate the Great Depression ( as would surely occur in the case that hedging instruments of Fannie and Freddie were to catastrophically fail due to counterparty failure — and given the absurdly low risk premiums on credit - default swaps at the height of the bubble , such an event cannot be considered unlikely ) the Case - Shiller Index tells us that the loss to the taxpayers could exceed $ 2.5 trillion dollars .
I do n't know what those people in Washington are taking to sleep at night after all their electorally driven accounting and finance exercises , but I can tell you what they will be doing to keep the government open for business : printing a whole lot of money .
Chairman Bernanke has the discount window open to any collateralization not worth the paper it is written on , so in effect he has the helicopters ready to drop hundred - dollar bills over Wall Street — as he once famously described the ultimate policy instrument of a fiat - money system .
Of course , if he does that , we will have to change his nickname from Helicopter Ben to Hyperinflation Ben , which answers the question of who picks up the tab of bailing out Fannie and Freddie : anyone owning dollars .
Produce a lot of something , and it becomes worth less .
And given the losses at Fannie and Freddie , the taxpayer guarantee , and the ongoing initiation of Boomer retirement , only the inflation tax will work to pay for keeping Fannie and Freddie afloat .
Like it or not , we are about to enter interesting times , and it is too bad our supposed professional civil servants at the Congressional Budget Office have failed to tell the emperor the truth : that he is buck - naked bankrupt and getting ready to take a lot of people with him .
Our only hope is to ( 1 ) accept up front a twenty - percent fall in American living standards for a people living beyond their means for the past twenty - five years on the delusions made possible by fiat money , and ( 2 ) simultaneously discipline the creature from Jekyll Island , a.k.a. the Federal Reserve System , not to create new money just to prop up asset - price bubbles .
PBMR ( Pty ) Ltd. has taken one more step in its careful journey to build a new type of nuclear power plant – one whose heat will be produced in a continuously refreshed bed of high temperature spheres made of heavy metal and graphite .
On August 22 , 2008 , the company announced that it had signed a contract for engineering , procurement , project and construction management ( EPCM ) services to build a 165 MWe commercial scale , emission free , demonstration plant near Cape Town , South Africa .
The approximate value of the contract is a quarter of a billion US dollars .
The contract , awarded to joint venture between the Canadian firm SNC - Lavalin Group and the South African firm Murray & Roberts , includes not only the power module , but also a commercial scale fuel manufacturing plant that will produce the 6 cm diameter fuel elements the plant needs .
This contract covers
Phase II of a project that has seen its share of successes and challenges .
The pre-development stages of this project date back to the late 1980s when some members of Eskom , South Africa ’s main electric power utility , recognized that the company ’s existing infrastructure of large coal plants located near highly productive fields was not a model that could be expanded .
Those visionaries saw a rapidly growing demand for electric power as the majority population gained entry into the type of lifestyle that had been forcefully denied under apartheid .
A small number of people were aware that Germany had decided to abandon a very promising technology for building small , modular nuclear plants that had proven that they could withstand a complete loss of cooling without causing any damage to the plant .
The technology had been successfully demonstrated for more than 20 years at Julich with the AVR .
Unfortunately , strong anti-nuclear movements seized on the events at Chernobyl in 1986 to push the government to deny long term operating permission to the Thorium High Temperature Reactor ( THTR ) , a commercial scale follow on to the AVR .
Those same pressures caused Siemens / Interatom to abandon plans to build a series of modular units .
From a marketing point of view in the late 1980s , the pebble bed designs had a glaring challenge ; they used graphite as a moderator .
At the time , the world had been convinced , through massive repetition of a quarter truth , that it was best to avoid using graphite in a nuclear reactor .
The half truth was a lesson learned from Chernobyl , but the other 3 / 4 of the truth was that it is best to avoid using graphite in a water cooled reactor that is put into an unstable operating condition by operators who feel pressured to complete a poorly designed test .
Darn – it is hard to avoid digressing on this topic .
The history is long and fascinating .
Bottom line is that Eskom took advantage of Germany ’s decision to abandon pebble beds to buy information about the technology for a very good price .
Back to today – the PBMR is very different from a conventional light water reactor .
Its fuel design is in use in only one prototype reactor operating in China – the 10 MWth HTR - 10 at Tsinghua University .
The pebble plants use an inert gas to move the reactor heat to machinery that can convert heat into motion and then into electricity .
In the case of the PBMR , the hot gas will turn turbines that look a lot like combustion gas turbines without exhaust stacks while in the HTR - 10 the hot gas circulates through a smoke stack free boiler to produce high quality steam .
The Chinese operators of the HTR - 10 have been pleased enough with its performance to move forward into commercial scale production .
The current idea for the PBMR modules is that they can be built either individually or in packs .
Distributed plants can power concentrations of people – 165 MW is enough for a moderately sized city of well over 100,000 people .
To gain economies of scale , PBMR ( Pty ) Ltd. envisions the modules being grouped in packs of 8 or more to produce as much power on a single site – with a single infrastructure investment and a flexible work force – as a large , more conventional light water reactor .
The economics for the system begin to look really attractive once production volumes exceed 24 modules .
Moderate volume series production is a concept that is a bit unfamiliar to people in the conventional nuclear industry , but it is well understood by manufacturers of other large , complex equipment like locomotives , ships , and commercial aircraft .
South Africa , despite some focused opposition from a small group of detractors at Earthlife , has continued to invest in the PBMR project because it makes sense .
South Africa desperately needs reliable electrical power to keep lifting the living standards of its population and the PBMR offers a flexible , new way to meet that need .
When people realize that the only real alternative to coal – which currently produces 95 % of the electricity in South Africa – is nuclear power , they begin to realize that the detractors may be wrong .
Photo credit and disclosure –
The pebble in the photo is a personal souvenir that I obtained during a visit to General Atomics in 1994 .
I have been a fan of high temperature reactors since 1991 and founded Adams Atomic Engines , Inc. in 1993 to explore ways to take advantage of the technology .
Related Posts
Michael Phelps , the greatest swimmer of all time , eats 12,000 calories a day .
Eggs , mayonnaise and assorted fats make up a jaw - dropping proportion of his diet .
How can he force it all down ?
And what is it doing to his body ?
With nothing to lose but his waistline , Jon Henley tries dining like an Olympic champion
Here we go then : The Michael Phelps Diet for Health , Happiness and More Olympic Gold Medals Than Anyone Else Ever .
We 'll ignore , momentarily , the fact that the best swimmer the world has seen stands 6ft 4in tall , has a wingspan - fingertip to fingertip - of 6ft 7in , and weighs in at 192 lb .
We 'll ignore also the fact that he spends most of his life in a pool , swimming at least 50 miles a week very fast indeed , and the rest of it in a gym .
We 'll ignore , finally , the fact that I am not quite as big as him , and do not , most days , get quite as much exercise .
I am going to see what it is like to eat what Michael Phelps eats in a day .
" It just smells so horrible , " says the photographer , helpfully , as we survey the table before us .
On it are a large bowl of porridge ; three doorstep - sized sandwiches of white bread , butter , fried egg , fried onion , lettuce , tomato and mayonnaise ; a five - egg omelette tastefully garnished with parsley ; three slices of French toast liberally sprinkled with sugar ; three pancakes topped with chocolate chips ; and two large cups of coffee .
That 's breakfast .
Yummy .
Next to it is lunch , which consists of 1lb ( that 's a very large bowl ) of pasta with tomato sauce ; two large ham - and - cheese sandwiches with more lettuce , tomato and do n't forget the mayo ; plus four bottles of a proprietary high - energy sports drink that always makes me burp .
For dinner , it 's another pound of pasta , a large cheese - and - tomato pizza , and another four bottles of the same proprietary high - energy sports drink that always makes me burp .
" You poor thing , " says the photographer , generously .
" I so do n't envy you . "
So we kick off with the porridge , which is the nearest we could get to the large helping of grits the 23 - year - old reportedly consumes .
It was n't bad , actually , a reasonably breakfasty kind of thing , and really rather comforting given the massive scale of the task ahead .
I manage , I 'd imagine , a normal - sized kind of a portion : 10 good spoonfuls .
The fried egg , fried onion , lettuce , tomato and mayonnaise sandwiches are more of a challenge .
It 's the mayo , I think ; somehow , you do n't quite expect to be scarfing down mayo first thing in the morning .
It 's greasy , and it smells .
I start to feel slightly queasy .
But I struggle through half an egg sandwich - one - sixth of what Phelps manages - and push on to the five - egg omelette .
Not bad either : under normal circumstances I might quite have enjoyed this .
It was nice and fluffy on the outside and satisfyingly runny in the middle .
Most importantly , it did not contain mayonnaise .
Half the omelette consumed , and it was time for the French toast .
I can't remember the last time I ate French toast and I seem to have forgotten it was made with eggs .
There are , I begin to think , rather a lot of eggs in this meal .
I feel slightly more queasy .
Plus , I 'm now chewing a lot .
You know that feeling , when you have to chew an awful lot or you know you 'll never get it down ?
One mouthful at a time .
Slowly .
Do n't think eggs .
Or mayonnaise .
Which , obviously , contains eggs .
And there are still the choc-chip pancakes to come .
I force down one - and - a - half of those , very slowly , with the help of both mugs of coffee .
I feel dreadful .
Gross , bloated , uncomfortable , sick .
The photographer , bless , makes little motherly clucking noises as I cram a serviette urgently to my mouth , breathing deeply .
" You do n't look very well , " she observes .
" Some water ?
A break ? "
We pause .
I make a few calls and write a bit , not very well ( it shows ) .
And hey , guess what : it 's lunchtime !
I find I can not so much as look at the mayo - plastered ham - and - cheese sandwiches without the bile rising , and manage a couple of forks of pasta before , finally , blissfully , calling it a day .
Afterwards , six colleagues pile in and eat their fill for lunch , and it still does n't look like a dent has been made in the insane , obscene , illness - inducing mountain of food that America 's 11 - time gold medal winner ploughs through every single day of his life .
Apparently , he worries about keeping his weight up .
I 'd worry about not sinking .
" I 'm not surprised , dear , " says Professor Janice Thompson , head of Bristol University 's department of exercise , nutrition and health sciences , when , belching quietly , I return to my desk .
" There 's no way you should be able to eat what Michael Phelps eats .
This is not even a normal athlete .
I would not recommend this kind of diet for even a fit and serious competitor in , say , a 10 km road race .
This man is in a very , very different place to the rest of us .
He 's 6ft 4in and 192lb of pure joy .
From a female perspective , obviously .
Though I probably should n't say that . "
I have here an example of a Phelps training programme from 2002 .
I do n't pretend to understand it fully , but it looks pretty awesome ( " pull " , by the way , means arms only .
No legs . )
" After a 4,500 short - course yards moderate morning practice , " it reads , " warm - up : 800 mixer on 10:30 , 4x150 kick on 2:30 ( 50 stroke - 50 free - 50 stroke ) , 400 pull with buoy on 5:00 ( breathe 3 - 5 - 7- 9 by 100 ) , 200 stroke on 3:00 , 10x50 on :45 ( 2-25 kick/25drill 2-25 free /25 stroke 1 -stroke ) .
Main set : 4x50 on 1:30 , 1x50 1:20 , 1x50 1:10 , 1x50 1:00 , 1x50 : 0:50 , 1x50 0:40 , 1x50 0:30 .
Long Swim Down : 100 -200-300 pull ( lungbusters by quarters ) , 400 choice kick , 300-200 - 100 IM Drills . "
What that means , as far as I can work it out , is that Phelps swam seven or eight miles at assorted , gradually increasing speeds using a variety of strokes ( or half - strokes ) .
He then ( and this is the real killer ) got out of the pool and , according to the programme , did " 500 abdominals , and some stretching " .
Undeniably , the man expends a lot of energy .
But can a diet like this one , made up essentially of eggs and cheese and bread and pasta , with a little bit of greenery thrown in for luck , really help him ?
I mean that 's not what most of us would call a healthy diet , is it ?
The average adult man , depending on age , height and weight , requires between 2,200 and 2,800 calories a day .
According to most media estimates , Phelps 's daily intake - the three meals described above - amounts to around 12,000 calories .
Anita Bean , sports nutritionist and author of Food for Fitness , finds it slightly hard to believe even Phelps can be expending quite as many calories as that .
" Say he 's doing about four miles a session , and a couple of sessions a day , " she says , " plus his land training - I 'd say he 's burning maybe 5,000 calories in training , and maybe 2,500 simply to sustain himself .
Something like 8,000 a day in all ?
Mind you , he is a very big bloke .
I have n't looked at his schedules , but 12,000 seems a lot . "
Thompson appears less surprised .
" I 've worked with extreme athletes , triathletes for example who work phenomenally hard , who expend between 6,000 and 10,000 calories a day , " she says .
" I can believe someone like Phelps is getting through 12,000 .
And the point is , it 's plainly working for him , is n't it ?
Nobody could say he 's not performing well .
He 's quite clearly expending what he 's consuming , and - just like all of us - that 's what counts . "
Calories aside , Bean is concerned by the makeup of the swimmer 's diet .
" It does look quite salty , quite fatty , not very high in good fibre or in fruit and veg - he 's certainly not getting his five a day , " she warns .
" I would certainly have expected him to be eating a bit less fat - and it's all saturated fat , the wrong kind .
I suppose the point with an athlete like Phelps , though , is that he needs a very high calorie intake but a very low volume , whereas with the rest of us it's the precise reverse : we need a low calorie intake and high volume . "
Thompson concurs .
" Phelps 's primary fuel source is going to be carbohydrates , " she says , " and he 's going to be burning them at a truly phenomenal rate .
There 's protein in there too , obviously , which he needs to maintain and repair muscle mass and tissue .
But for someone like him , in a sport like his , it 's really a question of how many carbohydrates he can get in , as quickly as possible .
So this diet might look very high in fat , but if he had to eat this same number of calories in a diet that contained , for example , more fruit and vegetables , he 'd simply never manage it .
His body just could n't hold it .
His intestines would give up .
He 's lucky as it is that he does n't have a sensitive digestive system .
That 's one of the myriad factors that contribute to make him the exceptional performer he is . "
Phelps is indeed lucky : many top - level athletes have tremendous problems with their diets .
Jennifer Sey 's were the reverse of Phelps 's ; the former US gymnast revealed in a shocking book published in the run-up to the Beijing Olympics that young girl gymnasts routinely binge and purge their food and suffer from what most doctors would call eating disorders .
Sey recounts how one coach picked up a loudhailer and berated one of her team - mates in public for putting on 2lb .
Sey 's coach told her off for eating a whole bagel for dinner .
Only this week , a 4st 4lb Chinese gymnast revealed she had long ago stopped eating anything after lunch .
Boxers , too , have their issues : British boxer Frankie Gavin , the world lightweight champion , failed to make his weight for the Beijing games and had to return home last week , while American bantamweight Gary Russell Jr has also had to leave the Olympic village after collapsing unconscious while trying to make his weight .
Both were too heavy for their classes .
Footballers , meanwhile , are a lot more diet - conscious now than they were when Gary Lineker played for Barcelona and discovered the benefits of pasta versus steak and chips .
One of Arsene Wenger 's first moves as manager of Arsenal was reportedly to put the team on a strict diet , and Thierry Henry is said to have employed his own dietician .
England manager Fabio Capello this week told striker Dean Ashton he will have to shed a couple of kilos if he wants to be considered for the national team .
Many sportsmen and women also balloon spectacularly once they retire : think Greg LeMond , Matthew Pinsent and most spectacularly of all , Maradona .
Can a diet like Phelps 's possibly be healthy long - term ?
" " It 's very hard for athletes when they stop , " says Thompson .
" Most have been training since they were children , remember , and it's a very difficult transition to make .
They have to be very , very careful because they 're going to be cutting their level of activity to maybe a fifth , and their diet has to change accordingly . "
" I 'd worry he might be clogging up his system , " says Bean .
" I might design him a similar diet but with a bit more fibre , maybe wholegrain pastas and bread .
It 's plainly not affecting his performance , but many people would be constipated on a diet like that .
That said , we all have different needs .
The important thing for right now is that what he 's eating works .
He 's like a turbo - powered engine revved up to maximum speed , and that 's the only reason he 's burning it all up .
Different athletes handle carbohydrates differently .
He 's obviously converting them very , very effectively , but it 's not a sustainable diet long - term . "
What both Thompson and Bean are clear about , however , is that Phelps 's gargantuan daily food intake is absolutely not suitable for a normal person to consider emulating .
" Look , he needs these vast amounts of carbohydrates simply to get through the training sessions , let alone compete , " says Bean .
" He eats , swims and sleeps , and that 's about it .
When it comes to carbs , he 's in burn mode ; most of us - particularly the couch potatoes - are in storage mode .
And it really would n't do to be storing what you 've just eaten on a regular basis . "
Thompson manages to find a silver lining .
" The good lesson for the rest of us in all this , " she says cheerily , " is that if we do increase our level of physical activity , we can afford to relax a little with the diet .
If we go to the gym or exercise regularly , we can allow ourselves the odd little treat .
A lot of people make that mistake - they think they 've got to deny themselves everything vaguely sinful .
It 's not the case . "
The problem for anyone normal who eats like Phelps , of course , is that it would be physically impossible for most of them to expend anything like 12,000 calories a day .
In a good hour of dedicated jogging , Thompson points out , " the average person is going to burn about 400 calories " .
So what do I need to do to burn off my bowl of porridge , half a fried - egg sandwich , half a five - egg omelette , slice of French toast , two choco - chip pancakes and several forkfuls of pasta ( not to mention the lashings of mayonnaise , which I had , until now , forgotten ) ?
Hard to say , really .
Especially since at present I 'd feel I was doing pretty well if I managed to walk slowly down the stairs .
Let alone bend over and tie the laces of my trainers .
On no account , in fact , thinking about it , will I do that .
The consequences are too unseemly to contemplate .
Full stomach , empty pockets :
What is costs to eat like Michael Phelps for a day
Breakfast
Three fried - egg sandwiches ...
10 large eggs , £ 2.10
White bread , extra - thick sliced , £ 1.24
Olive oil , 500 ml , £ 2.20
... accompanied by cheese , lettuce , tomatoes , fried onions and mayonnaise
Cheddar , 600g , £ 4.99
Round lettuce , 47
p
Plum tomatoes , 500g , £ 1.29
Onions , 1kg , 95
p
Olive oil , see above
Mayonnaise , 400g , £ 1.79
Two cups of coffee
Instant coffee , 100g , £ 2.14
Omelette with five eggs
Eggs , see above
Porridge
Porridge oats , 1kg , 69
p
Three chocolate - chip pancakes
Plain pancakes , pack of six , 99 p
Chocolate chips , 100g , 64
p
Three slices of French toast
White bread , see above
Milk , two pints , 80 p
Butter , 250g , £ 1
Maple syrup , 330g , £ 3.96
White sugar , 1kg , 94 p
Lunch
Pasta
Pasta , 500g , 79
p
Two ham and cheese sandwiches
Bread , see above
Ham , 140g , £ 2.26
Cheese , see above
Mayonnaise , see above
1,000 calories of energy drink ( approx seven bottles of Lucozade Sport )
Two packs of four , 500 ml each , £5
Dinner
Pasta
Pasta , 500g , 79
p
Pizza
Cheese feast with stuffed crust , 465g , £ 3.29
1,000 calories of energy drink ( approx seven bottles of Lucozade Sport )
Two packs of four , £ 5
Total cost £ 40.03
All prices from Sainsbury's
· Jon Henley would like to thank chefs Tony Davis , Jimmy Dublin , Anita Faloye , Temmy Omitogun and Mark Stapley .
But he can't move his jaws right now .
· Could you stomach an Olympian diet ?
blogs.guardian.co.uk/food
Green machine :
The £ 92,000 electric sports car that does 125 mph in complete silence
It looks just like a normal sports car , has a top speed of 125 mph and acceleration of 0 - 60 in 3.9 seconds .
But the British - built Tesla Roadster , which goes on sale today , has one major advantage - you 'll never need to fill it up .
The virtually silent car is powered by an 185 kw electric motor and a stack of batteries in its boot .
However , this is no G - Wiz - it really does perform like a sports car .
Tesla , the US company behind the £ 92,000 vehicle , says it already has orders for 1,100 in America and is increasing production at the Lotus Engineering plant in Norfolk .
Roaring silence : The Tesla can accelerate from 0 - 60 in 3.9 seconds
George Clooney , Matt Damon , Brad Pitt and Arnold Schwarzenegger are all believed to have reserved one .
Only 250 will go on sale in Europe initially , with delivery early next year .
" We believe the people who will buy this car will also be looking at an Aston Martin , a Porsche or a Ferrari , " said Darryl Siry of Tesla .
" This is a real sports car , and we want to find those people who not only want that performance , but who also care about the environment . "
The car takes three hours to charge up and has a range of 220 miles on each charge .
The company is working on a larger , four - door family version , and is developing a more affordable vehicle with an unnamed major manufacturer .
Unlike other makers of electric vehicles , Tesla has refused to add artificial noise .
Red roar :
The Tesla has a virtually noiseless engine
" There is something amazing about being able to hear what is going on around you , " said Mr Siry .
However , Londoners we showed the car to had reservations .
" It looks impressive , but for that amount of money I 'd want people to know I was coming , " said 22 - year - old student Freddie Ridge , from Kingston .
" It might cause problems as pedestrians wo n't hear it . "
Driving it is an odd experience .
It looks very similar to the Lotus Elise - unsurprisingly , given that it is built by Lotus Engineering .
However , switch it on , and , well , nothing happens .
It took a few glances toward Tesla 's staff to confirm it was running .
Pull away ( there 's no clutch , and it drives exactly like an automatic ) , and there 's the slightest whirr from behind you , but that 's it .
In central London , with tourists and commuters rushing around , no one could hear the car coming .
On several occasions I had to slam on the ( thankfully very good ) brakes as pedestrians walked straight in front , and cyclists were also oblivious .
The Tesla caused a stir pulling up silently at lights .
However , find a bit of open road and the Tesla shows its performance .
Acceleration is breathtaking , and the lack of noise or gear changes makes it even more exhilarating .
The steering is sharp and precise , and the suspension - which in the final version will be easily adjustable - is very stiff , as you 'd expect .
At £ 92,000 , this is n't a mass - market car .
However , in the not too distant future , this is exactly the kind of car we 'll all be driving - just a much cheaper version .
Related stories
Other Stories By Oakes
Oakes Weekly - March 1 , 2008
Beer & Chocolate Tasting
March 1 , 2008
I initially resisted the overtures to attend a recent beer and chocolate tasting .
After all , the whole beer & food thing really is n’t my bag .
The venue , the Alibi Room , looks to be the first proper beer bar in Vancouver since Fogg n’ Sudds jumped the shark .
That was a big part of the reason I decided to attend .
The room is gorgeous brick and natural light , tucked beside the railroad tracks on the wrong side of Gastown ’s cobbled streets .
The tap handles are as good as this town has ever seen , representing micros you never see in the big city .
The owner promised me the previous weekend they would be ever better with additions from Victoria brewpubs and sure enough Spinnakers and Swans were there on tap .
That is 100 % unheard of in the history of the BC beer scene .
It ’s exactly the sort of thing I know I would do if I had a beer bar here , so I was pretty impressed someone else thought of it , too .
What put me over the top was that the chocolatier , Themis Velgis of the Chocoatl boutique , would be explaining the background and terroir of the different chocolates on offer .
“ Well , okay , ” I told myself .
Out loud .
On the bus .
I do that sometimes .
“ It ’s an academic exercise .
I can do that . ”
Besides I figure I ’ve got to flex those tastebuds , whip them into shape before the heavy lifting of Hard Liver and WBC judging .
Round one started with a very creamy 48 % cacoa .
I did exactly as our hosts instructed .
I tucked the chocolate into the right side of my mouth and allowed it to melt a little bit .
Then I poured the beer into the left side of my mouth – or did my best to – and slowly mixed them .
Apparently this technique is important because if you just toss them both in there without care the cold from the beer will draw out a certain waxiness from the chocolate that will inhibit your palate ’s ability to perceive any subtlety .
That ’s pretty dorky !
Chocolate - dipped strawberries and impy by the fireside this is not …no way … this is an academic exercise here .
The creamy chocolate was matched with a bitter and I do n’t think the pairing worked well at all .
The chocolate brought out a hint of fruitiness in the beer but otherwise these two did not come together in any meaningful way .
The next pairing was the no-brainer of the afternoon .
Crannóg ’s Back Hand of God paired with an austere , earthy 70 % from São Tomé that finished with a distinctly roasty accent .
The cask - conditioned stout was on form , which is to say very complex , and matched the chocolate beautifully .
The third pairing was another natural , so I thought .
A 70 % Grenada with an intense herbal character and bitter finish matched with Tin Whistle ’s Cherry Chocolate Porter .
The porter on its own was better than when I rated it – more aromatic chocolate and a bigger cherry character .
Put together , the herbal character of the chocolate drops out and the sour cherries in the beer blow up .
The whole packages has more body and sweetness as well .
This pairing was very complementary , beautiful stuff .
For fun , I tried the Cherry Chocolate Porter with the São Tomé from the previous pairing .
I pegged that chocolate as being a natural beer companion but with this beer the combo was a fiasco of bitterness and competing flavours .
I did not expect it to be so totally unpalatable .
The same beer I then paired with the next pairing ’s chocolate .
That one was a 71 % from Brazil .
That country ’s chocolate is usually of low quality and used for mass market purposes .
While I was assured that this was n’t the case with this particular Brazilian chocolate , I really did n’t think much of its coconut and peanut oil character .
It flopped with the cherry porter .
It also flopped with its own beer , Phillips Longboat Chocolate Porter .
I could actually see where they were going with the combo of syrupy beer and oily chocolate but that beer is a thin , gutless , one - dimensional swiller ( note : it does have its fans , I ’m just not one of them ) .
Nothing could save that beer , let alone the weakest chocolate of the day .
Then , before the final pairing , I ordered up the new seasonal Porter from Swan’s .
A mild , vaguely earthy example , it was crushed by the muscular São Tomé , but was at least a tolerable companion for the Grenada and the Brazil .
The last pairing was the most unorthodox of the afternoon .
It was a 64 % cacoa from Papua New Guinea and a cask - conditioned Mission Spring IPA .
As a result – so I was told – of a high copper content in the local soil , the chocolate has a rich tobaccoey , smoky character .
This paired so brilliantly with the IPA I was in shock .
Fruity , orangey , leafy , tobaccoey … this combination revealed untold layers of depth .
I then tried the three previous chocolates with the IPA – nothing even came close to working .
I then tried the PNG chocolate with the Swan ’s Porter .
That was a fine combination – it really pumped up the tobaccoey notes almost giving me the impression that I was smoking a cigar .
Probably my third favourite pairing , after the Back Hand of God and São Tomé .
The best meal I ’ve had this year was at a place around the corner from the Alibi called Boneta .
It ’s popular with food geeks and restaurant industry types , but I think its food is completely geared to analysis .
If you do n’t want to think about your meal , you ’d probably be wasting your time at Boneta .
Chocolate is a lot like beer .
Most folks get crap chocolate and like it .
There are n’t a lot of people who could point out PNG , Grenada or São Tomé on a map , much less tell you what their chocolate is like .
So like a dinner at Boneta , there is this whole analytical level on which this sort of thing works .
But I ’m not sure if it could possibly translate to a realm that thinks chocolate is Toblerone and beer is Heineken , any more than a gorgeous multitextural fried tuna in kazu sauce would appeal to lovers of corner store California rolls .
But us geeks sure get a kick out of it !
................................................................
Comments
No comments added yet
You must be logged in to post comments
................................................................
This paired so brilliantly with the IPA I was in shock .
Fruity , orangey , leafy , tobaccoey … this combination revealed untold layers of depth .
Copyright © 2000 - 2020 ,
RateBeer LLC .
All rights
reserved .
Oakes Weekly
Normal is Boring
Ralph van den Berg ( 5 May , 2008 ) Posted by : ( 5 May , 2008 )
Weird is interesting .
Life should be eventful .
If nothing ever happened , or rather if the same things happened every day , we 'd die of boredom .
I know from a guy who used to do paintings that it 's much more interesting and challenging to paint old or ugly people than it is to paint regular people .
All the wrinkles and abnormalities make the final product much more attractive .
It 's the same thing with life .
" A person who 's led a perfect life will never have any cool stories to tell . "
- Ralph van den Berg
The difficulties that we face , the problems that lie in our path , are all ways to test you and to make you a stronger , better , and more experienced person .
We never hear anybody get excited when they tell us what they 've done that day if it 's just waking up in the morning , having breakfast , taking a shower and going to class / work .
Exceptions would be if that person never attends classes , is unemployed , never takes a shower , or does n't usually wake up in the mornings .
That means something not normal just happened , and it becomes interesting .
Here 's also a reason not to have regrets .
Things happened in the past , and you can't change it .
You should be thankful for the experiences .
The stories about all the bad stuff that 's happened to you , or the success stories are the ones that will entertain your friends !
Comment by Nathalie van den Berg
Comment by Ralph van den Berg
< Please log in or register to post comments >
We 've got a newer , always up - to - date version here .
Advertisement
Click to view
Now that you 've been enjoying Google Chrome 's headliner features and speed for almost a week now , it 's time to dig into the less obvious functionality and options you do n't already know about .
Become a keyboard shortcut master , take a peek under the hood , and customize its behavior and skin with some of the best shortcuts , bookmarklets , themes , add - ons , and subtle functionality in Google Chrome .
Google Chrome First Look New beta web browser Google Chrome officially hit the streets just a few minutes ago , and we 've …
Read more
Advertisement
What , you do n't like Google Chrome ?
Here , have the power user 's guide to Firefox 3 .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Mousing Around Chrome
Despite its marketing as a minimalistic browser that forgoes all the extras , Chrome 's interface actually sports quite a few useful features .
Here are a few that will speed up your browsing with the mouse even more :
Click and hold ( or right - click ) the Back or Forward button to go directly to a page far behind or forward in your browsing history .
Advertisement
When you 've got a URL on your clipboard , right - click Chrome 's address bar to Paste and go to your destination ( and save yourself an extra tap on the Enter key ) .
Advertisement
Click and drag any textarea corner to resize it to your liking ; great for blog comments , web email , or forums with textareas that are n't big enough to accommodate your masterpiece .
to resize it to your liking ; great for blog comments , web email , or forums with textareas that are n't big enough to accommodate your masterpiece .
Ctrl + Mousewheel to zoom in or out of pages in Chrome .
to zoom in or out of pages in Chrome .
Drag and drop downloads out of Chrome 's status bar and onto your desktop to save them there , or into any Explorer window to save them there .
( You already know you can drag and drop a Chrome tab out into a new window , or back into an existing Chrome window to dock it there . )
Advertisement
Chrome 's Keyboard Shortcuts
If you 're not much for the mouse , you 're in luck : Google Chrome has lots of built - in keyboard shortcuts , many of which mirror Firefox 's — so you do n't have to retrain your fingers .
Here are a few of our favorites :
( Chrome only ) Ctrl + B toggles the bookmarks bar on and off .
toggles the bookmarks bar on and off .
( Chrome only ) Shift + Escape opens Google Chrome 's Task Manager .
opens Google Chrome 's Task Manager .
Ctrl +L to move your cursor to the address bar .
to move your cursor to the address bar .
Ctrl +K moves your cursor to the address bar to enter a Google search .
moves your cursor to the address bar to enter a Google search .
Ctrl +T opens a new tab .
opens a new tab .
Ctrl +N opens a new window .
opens a new window .
Ctrl + Shift +T opens the last closed tab .
opens the last closed tab .
( Chrome only ) Ctrl + Shift +N opens a new window in " Incognito Mode . "
opens a new window in " Incognito Mode . "
Ctrl + Tab cycles through open tabs ; Ctrl + Shift +Tab reverse cycles through open tabs .
cycles through open tabs ; reverse cycles through open tabs .
Ctrl +J opens the Downloads tab .
opens the Downloads tab .
Ctrl +W closes the current tab .
closes the current tab .
Ctrl +R refreshes the current page .
refreshes the current page .
Ctrl +H opens the History tab .
opens the History tab .
Alt + Home loads your homepage .
loads your homepage .
Ctrl +1 through 9 switches to a particular open tab position .
switches to a particular open tab position .
Ctrl++ , Ctrl+- , Ctrl+0 Enlarges , reduces , and restores default text sizes , respectively .
Advertisement
Tweak Your Options
Hit up Chrome 's Options dialog ( click on the wrench , and choose Options ) to customize Chrome 's behavior even more .
Advertisement
Set multiple tab as your home page .
While Chrome 's default thumbnail page of your most visited sites is pretty cool , you might want to just skip that step and set the browser to open certain tabs every time .
Like Firefox
Advertisement
Open the last session 's tabs automatically .
Also like Firefox , Chrome can automatically restore the tabs from your last browser session .
In that same Options area as above , just select " Restore the pages that were open last . "
Also like Firefox , Chrome can automatically restore the tabs from your last browser session .
In that same Options area as above , just select " Restore the pages that were open last . "
Add the home button to your toolbar .
Chrome 's toolbar is pretty sparse by design , but once you 've set your homepage (s ) , you might want to get to them in one click .
In the Options dialog 's Basics tab , you can also check off " Show Home button on the toolbar . "
Chrome 's toolbar is pretty sparse by design , but once you 've set your homepage (s ) , you might want to get to them in one click .
In the Options dialog 's Basics tab , you can also check off " Show Home button on the toolbar . "
Set your default Downloads save location .
Also in Options — but under the " Minor Tweaks " tab — you can set Chrome 's default download location to something other than the " My Documents " folder .
Advertisement
Master Chrome 's Startup Switches
Like all good open source software , Chrome comes with a long list of " startup switches " — that is , parameters you can use when you launch the program to customize its behavior .
While most of the switches are only useful to developers , a handful let power users do some handy stuff .
Advertisement
Quick primer :
To use a startup switch , create a new Chrome shortcut on your desktop ( or elsewhere ) .
Right - click it and choose Properties .
In the Target field , add the switch in question immediately following the path to chrome.exe .
For example , your target using a - disable - java switch might look like :
" C: \Documents and Settings\gina \Local Settings \Application Data\Google \Chrome\Application\chrome.exe " - disable - java
Advertisement
Here are some things you can do with Chrome 's startup switches .
Tweak the number of suggestions the address bar offers .
Increase or reduce the number of suggestions in the address bar drop - down using the - omnibox - popup - count switch .
For example , to increase it to 10 suggestions , use - omnibox - popup - count=10 . [ via The How - To Geek ]
Advertisement
Create and maintain multiple user profiles .
Since Chrome learns so much from your usage patterns , you might want to create more than one user personality based on the task at hand .
For example , you can set up a " work Chrome " and a " play Chrome " user profile ( like you can with Firefox 's user profiles ) .
While Chrome does n't offer a handy utility to create new profiles like Firefox does , all it takes is creating a new user directory , and then using Chrome 's -- user - data - dir startup switch to point it there .
The Digital Inspiration blog runs down how to create and use multiple profiles in Chrome .
Advertisement
Speed up browsing by disabling functionality .
When you want to surf Flash - free , Java - free , or even Javascript - free ( even though that 's not really the point of Chrome , but whatever ) , there 's a list of - disable Chrome startup switches that can block plug-ins , content , or features you do n't want , like :
- disable -dev-tools
- disable-hang-monitor
- disable - images
- disable - java
- disable - javascript
- disable - logging
- disable - metrics
- disable-metrics - reporting
- disable - plugins
- disable -popup - blocking
- disable-prompt-on-repost
Advertisement
Always start Chrome in a maximized window .
Take advantage of all that screen real estate you 've got with Chrome .
Using the - start - maximized startup switch , the browser will fill your screen on launch , automatically .
Themes
Advertisement
Dress up Google Chrome to your liking by downloading a Chrome theme and saving its default.dll file into the application 's Themes directory .
Update , 9/9/2008 : Link to Chrome theme download source updated .
For Windows XP users , by default that folder is :
C: \Documents and Settings \User\Local Settings \Application Data\Google \Chrome\Application.2.149.29
\Themes \
Advertisement
In Windows Vista it's :
C:\Users\UserName\AppData\Local\Google\Chrome\Application\0.2.149.29
\Themes\
( Note if Google Chrome updates , you may have to change the version number in this path . )
Advertisement
Reveal Chrome 's Secret Diagnostic Info
Advertisement
While Chrome does n't have Firefox 's super - handy about : config area , it does have several about : pages that show you all sorts of interesting information about what 's going on behind the scenes .
Check out Google Chrome 's full list of hidden about : pages here .
Advertisement
Get Extras : Bookmarklets , AutoHotkey Scripts , and More Chrome - Related Downloads
While Google Chrome does n't support extensions ( yet ) , several macros , bookmarklets , and other third - party extras can make working with Chrome easier .
Here 's a quick list .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Shuck off Google 's Branding and Go Open Source with Chromium
Switch to the more frequently updated and open source version of the Chrome browser , called Chromium .
Google expert Phillip Lennsen Ionut Alex Chitu explains :
Do you want Google Chrome without Google 's branding and with an open source license ( BSD license ) ?
Check out Chromium , the open source project created for Google Chrome .
You can install the latest snapshots for Windows or download the code and build it in Windows , Mac , Linux .
To install Chromium in Windows , go to the most recent directory from this page ( it should be at the top ) and download mini_installer .exe .
Note that these snapshots could be less stable than the version available at google .com / chrome and you may need to manually update Chromium .
Advertisement
Speaking of updating , you can keep on top of frequent Chromium builds using the Chrome Nightly Builds Updater utility .
Look Forward to What 's Coming
Word on the street is that Chrome is coming for Mac and Linux users , as are extensions — plus it 'll be in Google 's upcoming mobile phone operating system , Android .
( Linux users , if you can't want for Chrome and do n't want to build Chromium yourself , here 's how to run Google Chrome in Ubuntu with WINE . )
Advertisement
What are your favorite Google Chrome tips and tricks ?
Shout 'em out in the comments .
Advertisement
Gina Trapani , the editor of Lifehacker , likes her Chrome tricked out just so .
Her weekly feature , Geek to Live , appears every Monday on Lifehacker .
Subscribe to the Geek to Live feed to get new installments in your newsreader .
Note :
You can read debates on the article and make comments here , and read Shawyer ’s theory paper here ( pdf format ) .
The trip from London to Havant on the south coast of England is like travelling through time .
I sit in an air - conditioned train , on tracks first laid 150 years ago , passing roads that were known to the Romans .
At one point , I pick out a canal boat , queues of cars and the trail from a high - flying jet – the evolution of mechanised travel in a single glance .
But evolution has a habit of springing surprises .
Waiting at my destination is a man who would put an end to mechanised travel .
Roger Shawyer has developed an engine with no moving parts that he believes can replace rockets and make trains , planes and automobiles obsolete .
“ The end of wings and wheels ” is how he puts it .
It ’s a bold claim .
( Too bold ?
See the later feedback here and here )
Of course , any crackpot can rough out plans for a warp drive .
What they never show you is evidence that it works .
Shawyer is different .
He has built a working prototype to test his ideas , and as a respected spacecraft engineer he has persuaded the British government to fund his work .
Now organisations from other parts of the world , including the US air force and the Chinese government , are beating a path to his tiny company .
The device that has sparked their interest is an engine that generates thrust purely from electromagnetic radiation – microwaves to be precise – by exploiting the strange properties of relativity .
It has no moving parts , and releases …
Sometimes when you cover politics it helps to have a bottle of Pepto - Bismol handy .
Some of the tactics of the McCain campaign have given me agita recently .
But the latest campaign to turn my stomach was that of Nikki Tinker , a black woman who challenged a Jewish congressman , Steve Cohen , in a Democratic primary in Memphis .
Ms. Tinker was a candidate with nothing substantive to offer .
A corporate lawyer , she was not particularly knowledgeable about Iraq or the economy or other important issues of the day .
The raison d’être of her campaign seemed to be that she was an African - American running in a district in which the majority of the voters were also African - American .
And so she turned to the lowest tactics imaginable .
In essence : let ’s smear the white guy and get rid of him .
Mr. Cohen is seeking a second term .
He is a reliably progressive congressman and an opponent of the Iraq war , and he has had a consistently solid record on civil rights .
He was described by Speaker Nancy Pelosi as “ the conscience of the freshman class . ”
Simple question .
What is the latest research into doing the sort of tasks usually done in C / C++ with something else ?
I 'll list three areas I think are important .
1 ) Ability to interface directly with hardware ( i.e. can you write an OS in it )
2 ) Ability to create compiled binaries and both static and shared libraries
3 ) Modern features like garbage collection that do n't slow the whole thing down to a crawl
I 'm aware of OCaml , which seems to fulfill at least # 2 and # 3 and I know about the House project in Haskell .
The latter seems not to have been worked on in about 2 years though .
I also know about the D language which seems like a better C++ but not a real departure from what 's been going on for 30 + years .
More generally , is any significant research into radical new OS concepts going on and what sort of languages are they using ?
ST . PAUL  Gov. Sarah Palin could not have asked for a better setting for her solo debut on the national stage : an audience enthralled with her selection as Senator John McCain ’s running mate even before she walked on stage to a roar of approval , after three days in seclusion with some of the country ’s most skilled political counselors to write , hone and practice her speech .
She drew warm applause as she described her life in Alaska and introduced her family .
She heard cheers as she promised an aggressive energy policy that included more drilling .
And Ms. Palin ignited a loud round of approving boos as she denounced the news media and “ Washington elite ” that she suggested had ganged up against her since Mr. McCain announced Friday that she would be the Republican vice - presidential nominee .
But her speech at the Republican National Convention , if delivered with confidence and ecstatically embraced in the hall , may prove to have been the easy part .
From here , Ms. Palin moves into a national campaign where she will have to appeal to audiences that are not necessarily primed to adore her .
She will have to navigate far less controlled campaign settings that will test not only her political skills but also her knowledge of foreign and domestic policy .
And she must convince the country she is prepared to be vice president at a time when the definition of that job has been elevated to the status of governing partner  something voters might have been reminded of Wednesday by images of Vice President Dick Cheney embarking on a mission to war - torn Georgia .
You Tube | July 25 , 2008
Rep. Dennis Kucinich ( Ohio ) in the House Judiciary Hearing discussing the limits of Executive Power , false information and the invasion of Iraq .
WATCH ALEX JONES ’ ENDGAME ONLINE NOW in its entirety .
View more
High quality trailers at www.endgamethemovie.com
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Do n't Ask , Don't Tell Hearing
Currently the military operates under Bill Clinton 's " do n't ask , do n't tell " policy because oddly enough , they can't handle the truth .
Thanks for visiting .
Wises Maps is no longer available .
Looking for a business ?
Looking for directions ?
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2008 August 14
Explanation :
This bright and colorful meteor flashed through Tuesday 's early morning skies , part of the annual Perseid Meteor Shower .
The lovely image is one of over 350 frames captured on August 12 from the Joshua Tree National Park , in California , USA .
Dust from comet Swift - Tuttle is responsible for the Perseids , creating the northern hemisphere 's regular summer sky show .
The comet dust is vaporized as it enters the atmosphere at upwards of 60 kilometers per second , producing visible trails that begin at altitudes of around 100 kilometers .
Of course , the trails point back to a radiant point in the constellation Perseus , giving the meteor shower its name .
Recorded after moonset , the starry background features the bright star Vega on the right .
Extending below the western horizon is the faint band of the northern Milky Way .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
The foreclosure juggernaut lurched forward in July as banks took back 77,295 homes - up 8 % in a month and 183 % in a year , a report issued Thursday shows .
Total foreclosure filings - delinquency notices , auction sale notices and bank repossessions - were up 8 % from June and 55 % year - over - year , according to Realty Trac , an online marketer of foreclosed homes .
One of every 464 U.S. households received at least one filing during July .
And more than 680,000 homes have been repossessed by lenders since the beginning of August 2007 , when the credit crunch hit .
" Bank repossessions , or REOs , continued to be the fastest growing segment of foreclosure activity , " said Realty Trac 's chief executive officer , James Saccacio , in a statement .
" The sharp rise in REOs , combined with slow sales , has resulted in a bloated inventory of bank - owned properties for sale . "
The company says it has more than 750,000 active listings of repossessed homes for sale on its database .
That represents about 17 % of all the existing homes for sale in the United States as reported by the National Association of Realtors .
Leading states
Foreclosure activity in Nevada , surpassing all other states , touched one in every 106 households in July .
Foreclosures in the state were up 15 % for the month and were almost double the rate of last July .
Other hard - hit states included California ( one of every 182 households ) , Florida ( one of 186 ) and Arizona ( one of 195 ) .
For sheer volume , California led the other states with a total of 72,285 filings .
An especially high percentage of the California filings were bank repossessions .
There were 23,406 in all , up from just 4,444 in July 2007 .
The state accounted for more than a third of all such events in the nation .
The number was also a big jump from June 's total of 20,624 bank repossessions in the state .
" The properties there , once they enter foreclosure , are making a beeline back to the banks , " said Realty Trac 's spokesman , Rick Sharga .
Many of the California homes were bought during the height of the frenzy of the mid-2000s at inflated prices .
Now that home values have dropped , borrowers who bought at the top owe more than their homes are worth .
These properties are almost impossible to refinance and are difficult to sell .
A couple of Midwestern states have also been consistently among the leading foreclosure hot spots and July was no exception .
Ohio was fifth in the nation for foreclosures with one for every 375 households .
That includes 4,057 bank repossessions , a 33 % increase since July 2007 .
Michigan had 3,933 repossessed homes , or 17 % fewer than last July , when it recorded 4,739 .
City centers
The worst - hit metro area of the 230 regions that RealtyTrac covers was Cape Coral , Fla .
About one of every 64 households in the Gulf Coast city received a filing during the month , more than seven times the national average .
Merced , Calif. , with one filing per 73 households , had the second highest foreclosure rate , followed by the nearby Central Valley cities of Stockton and Modesto , which each had about one filing for every 82 households .
The report is bound to disappoint Washington policy makers and lending industry insiders who have stepped up their efforts to slow the massive default problem .
June filings , which were down 3 % from May , had been a cause for slight optimism .
But , according to Sharga , that decrease was helped along by rule changes in Massachusetts and Maryland that prevented lenders from issuing filings for up to an additional 90 days after borrowers first fall behind in their payments .
That significantly reduced the number of foreclosure filings in both states .
In June , for example , Massachusetts recorded a 55 % decrease in initial filings .
" Now , both states are creeping back up , " he said .
" The 90 - day lull in Massachusetts is being followed by a whole run of properties [ in delinquency ] . "
While writing color customization code for a recent project , I once again ran into the fact that the existing color gems for Ruby seem to be built for vastly different purposes .
To that end , I decided to write a new library for dead - simple manipulation of colors with an emphasis on ease - of - use and being useful for web developers .
Installation
gem install colorist 1 gem install colorist
The Basics
To instantiate a color in Colorist , you use a number of methods :
require ' colorist ' include Colorist red = Color.new ( 0xff0000 ) red = 0xff0000.to_color red = " red" .to_color red = " #f00" .to_color red = Color.from_rgb(255,0,0 ) 1 require ' colorist ' include Colorist red = Color .
new ( 0 xff0000 ) red = 0xff0000.to_color red = " red " .
to_color red = " # f00 " .
to_color red = Color .
from_rgb ( 255 , 0 , 0 )
Note : I include Colorist in these examples , but there ’s no reason you ca n’t leave it namespaced i.e.
Colorist : : Color instead .
The idea is to give maximum flexibility without making it complicated .
Once you ’ve instantiated a color , you can figure out a few tidbits about it and perform some basic operations :
red.brightness # => 0.299 red.r # => 255 red.invert # => #< Color # 00 ffff > red.text_color # => #< Color # ffffff > red.to_s # => " #ff0000 " red.to_s ( : rgb ) # => " 1.000 , 0.000 , 0.000 " 1 red .
brightness # => 0.299 red.r # => 255 red.invert # => #< Color # 00 ffff > red.text_color # => #< Color # ffffff > red.to_s # => " #ff0000 " red.to_s ( : rgb ) # => " 1.000 , 0.000 , 0.000 "
Operations
The real value of Colorist comes in comparison and addition .
You can use normal operators with the colors to add them together , subtract them , and compare them based on brightness .
You can also do this with the string or numeric representations of colors :
red = 0xff0000.to_color green = 0x00 ff00.to_color yellow = red + green yellow = " red" .to_color + " green " yellow.to_s # => " #ffff00 " red - 0.2 # => #< Color # cc0000 > 1 red = 0xff0000.to_color green = 0x00 ff00.to_color yellow = red + green yellow = " red " .
to_color + " green " yellow .
to_s # => " # ffff00 " red - 0.2 # => #< Color # cc0000 >
Comparisons work off of the brightness of a given color .
You can also calculate the contrast between two colors using the W3 C ’s formula :
red = " red" .to_color red > " black " .to_color # => true red > " white " .
to_color # => false red.contrast_with(" green".to_color ) # => 0.500653594771242 1 red = " red " .
to_color red & gt ; " black " .
to_color # => true red > " white " .
to_color # => false red.contrast_with(" green".to_color ) # => 0.500653594771242
Get Coloring !
That ’s most of the basic functionality , for all of the details you can view the RDoc on RubyForge .
The source is available on GitHub and there is a Lighthouse project for any bugs or feature requests .
Enjoy !
Best Travel Products and Services
Would you like to submit an article in the Travel category or any of the sub - category below ?
Click here to submit your article .
Would you like to have your product or service listed on this page ?
Contact us .
" We are worried there are people out there who are thinking they are just too much a bunch of rednecks , " said a well - connected delegate from Ohio who asked to remain nameless .
" Some people will be thinking that but we do n’t know how bad that will be for a while . "
Google ( TGW ) - Google.org announced today that it will invest $ 10 million in Enhanced Geothermal Systems ( EGS ) .
EGS differs from traditional geothermal in that it does not exploit existing wells of steam , but rather uses hot rocks far below the surface to heat water to generate steam .
Google invested in 3 different companies :
Google posted this video in explanation : Via :: Dot Earth
WASILLA , Alaska
The rain in Spain stays mainly in the Arctic plain ...
I hope John McCain does n’t throw his slippers at Sarah Palin ’s head or get as acerbic as Henry Higgins did with Eliza Doolittle when she did not learn quickly enough .
McCain ’s Pygmalion has to be careful , because his Galatea might be armed with more than a sharp tongue .
For the first time in American history , we have a “ My Fair Lady ” moment , as teams of experts bustle around the most famous woman in politics , intensely coaching her for her big moment at the ball  her first unscripted interview here this week with ABC News ’s Charlie Gibson .
Eliza , by George , got it and brought off the coup of passing herself off as a Hungarian princess rather than a Covent Garden flower seller .
Sarah ’s challenge is far tougher , and that ’s why she ’s pulling the political equivalent of an all - nighter .
She does n’t have to pass herself off as a different class or change her voice or be more highfalutin .
The McCain campaign is reveling in its anti-intellectual tenor .
Sarah , who is now so renowned that she is known merely by one name and has a name ID of 90 percent , has to be a Kmart mom who appeals to Kmart moms and dads .
She ’s already shown that she can shoot the pig , put lipstick on it , bring home the bacon and fry it up in a pan .
Now all she has to do is also prove that she can be the leader of the free world on a moment ’s notice , and field dress Putin as adeptly as she can a moose .
When Celebrity Naming Goes Bad
In this day and age where baby names are getting even more exotic with non-traditional spellings , brand names , and the occasional totally made up name , celebrities are having to stretch their imaginations to come up with fresh and controversial names for their offspring .
Hollywire has a rather large roundup of the worst child names in entertainment .
My " favorites " are : Pilot Inspektor ( with a K ? ) , Calico Dashiell ( meow ? ) , Prima [ dona ]
Sellechia , and Reign Beau .
I 'd like to hear your comments .
Should kids be saddled with names that not only get them ridiculled , but necessitate they spell it every single time ?
I have enough trouble with Anton and it is spelled exactly how it sounds .
I can't imagine having to spell Whizdom or Tryumph each and every time someone needs to enter my name .
Russia in control and on the move
By Richard Galpin
BBC News , Poti , Georgia
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
As we watched , a column of Russian military vehicles moved into Georgia 's main port of Poti and sealed off the entrance to the military part of the complex .
Troop transporters , armoured personnel carriers and military speedboats are now lined up inside .
Russian helicopters , including a gunship , also flew to the Black Sea port , with one of the aircraft landing briefly .
The Russians stopped us filming and refused to say what they were doing or how long they would stay .
This is at least the third time the Russian army has moved into the port .
But we know from what we 've seen that they 're destroying Georgian military hardware .
Rumbling of vehicles
In the past few days , up to six Georgian navy vessels have either been crippled or sunk .
There are also reports of navigation equipment and computers being destroyed or removed .
Local residents in the port town of Poti said they were very afraid The Russians appear to be , to use military jargon , neutralising the threat .
We managed to film a half - sunken Georgian coastguard vessel , which the Russians had blown up with explosives , or possibly shot with a tank .
We 've not been able to speak to any Georgian military - there 's none around here .
We spoke to local Georgians in the shops and on the streets in the town centre of Poti - they said they were very afraid .
One elderly woman said she could n't sleep at all at night , fearing the sound of the rumbling of vehicles .
Earlier , we drove to a town called Senaki , about 30 km ( 20 miles ) east of here and it seemed the Russians were very much occupying it .
Russians appear very much in control , even some in rural areas
They 'd certainly taken control of the Georgian military base there and it felt very much like they were in control .
As we drove through we saw columns of Russian military vehicles coming down the street and an artillery position with anti-aircraft guns .
The Russian peacekeepers are allowed to be inside Abkhazia and South Ossetia and in a buffer zone around those two regions .
But here , in Poti , and in Senaki , they 're way beyond - according to our calculations - about 10 km ( six miles ) away from the buffer zone .
This is sovereign Georgian territory that the Russian military is moving into and controlling as they carry on operations to destroy military equipment .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Senators John McCain and Barack Obama have presented very different plans to reform health care in the United States .
Last week , the Urban Institute / Brookings Institution Tax Policy Center ( TPC ) provided what appears to be the first evaluation of each plan ’s effect on costs and coverage outcomes .
1
While the TPC findings are preliminary , there is a wealth of information contained in them ; some of their implications , however , may not be immediately apparent even to those relatively well - versed in the U.S. health care debates .
The punch lines of the TPC analysis can be stated relatively simply :
Efficiency .
Over the 10 - year period analyzed by the TPC , Senator Obama ’s plan provides far greater “ bang - for - the - buck , ” spending far less per capita for its coverage of the uninsured population ( see Figure A below ) .
.
Over the 10 - year period analyzed by the TPC , Senator Obama ’s plan provides far greater “ bang - for - the - buck , ” spending far less per capita for its coverage of the uninsured population ( see Figure A below ) .
Cost .
The costs of the plans over the 10 - year period are in the same ballpark : the Obama plan costs roughly $ 1.6 trillion , while the McCain plan costs $ 1.3 trillion ( the Obama plan spends roughly 20 % more than McCain ’s ) ( see Figure B ) .
.
The costs of the plans over the 10 - year period are in the same ballpark : the Obama plan costs roughly $ 1.6 trillion , while the McCain plan costs $ 1.3 trillion ( the Obama plan spends roughly 20 % more than McCain ’s ) ( see Figure B ) .
Coverage .
The Obama plan makes a much bigger dent in covering the uninsured population .
On average over the 10 - year period , the Obama plan covers over 47 % of the forecasted uninsured population , while the McCain plan covers less than 5 % ( see Figure C ) .
Over the 10 - year period , McCain ’s plan spends roughly seven times more ( per capita ) than Obama ’s to cover each of the forecasted uninsured , a huge difference in the “ bang - for - the - buck ” each plan provides in expanding health coverage ( Figure A ) .
The difference in outcomes is not particularly surprising , as the two plans are very different in conception .
Obama ’s plan proposes building upon the existing system of employer - sponsored insurance ( ESI ) and expanding the government ’s role in providing insurance for those without access through their employer .
This broader federal role includes both an expansion of existing public insurance programs ( widening eligibility for Medicaid and the State Children ’s Health Insurance Program ) as well as the creation of a new federally run insurance pool that will offer coverage ( at premiums unaffected by health status ) to those who either do not receive ESI or are not eligible for existing public plans .
Obama ’s plan also provides subsidies to ensure affordability , and largely leaves the present tax treatment of health insurance premiums intact .
McCain ’s plan would eliminate the existing income tax exclusion for health insurance premiums paid through employers and would replace it with a direct , refundable tax credit .
This change sets off a cascade of decision - making by firms and employees , the net effect of which would be to erode some of the incentives that employers and employees have to tie health care benefits to job - based compensation and encourage health care purchase through the individual market .
It would also provide incentives for people to buy less comprehensive insurance coverage .
Over the 10 - year window analyzed by the TPC ( 2009 - 18 ) , the Obama plan costs $ 1.6 trillion , while the McCain plan costs $ 1.3 trillion .
It is unclear from the TPC analysis just how much credit ( if any ) each candidate ’s plan is given for investments in cost - saving technology and other cost - containment strategies .
These overall 10 - year costs mask very different expenditure patterns over time .
Furthermore , expressing costs in dollar - terms ( as the TPC does in its analysis ) can seem to inflate the costs of both plans , as all health - related costs in the U.S. economy rise rapidly over time due to faster growth of prices in this sector relative to the rest of the economy .
Given the differences in year - to - year spending patterns and the rapidly rising prices for medical care , Figure B shows each plan ’s cost as a share of forecasted national health spending in each year .
The Obama plan ’s costs rise in dollar terms over the full period , but essentially keep pace with national health care spending for most of the 10 - year window .
The McCain plan ’s costs start quite a bit higher than Obama ’s ( spending twice as much in the first year of implementation ) and then dwindle .
This pattern largely reflects the fact that the value of the tax credit to buy health insurance will erode over time , as the pace of health insurance premium growth exceeds the rate at which the credit will rise .
Thus , the value of the tax benefit will eventually be overwhelmed by higher costs for insurance premiums .
Without a policy change , the uninsured population is forecasted by the TPC to increase by 15 million , from roughly 52 million in 2009 to 67 million in 2018 ( which also implies a rise in the rate of uninsurance from 17 % to 20 % over this time period ) .
Given this forecast :
On average , the McCain plan covers just over 5 % of the uninsured population forecast for this time period .
After a peak coverage rate of 7.8 % in 2012 , his plan begins covering a smaller share , falling eventually to less than 3 % of the forecast uninsured in 2018 .
On average , the Obama plan covers just over 47 % of the forecast uninsured population .
The coverage under the Obama plan improves over time , and by 2018 , more than half of the uninsured population would be covered .
Changes in sources of coverage
In both plans , net changes in the overall uninsured population are accompanied by substantial shifts in the sources of coverage , both for the forecast uninsured and for those who already have coverage .
Coverage sources and the McCain plan
Under McCain ’s plan , the relatively small net effect on the uninsurance rate results from large gross losses in employer - sponsored insurance and large gross gains in the individual market .
In fact , roughly 20 million fewer people are projected to have employer - sponsored insurance by 2018 under McCain ’s proposal , while the number of people purchasing in the individual market will have grown by a corresponding amount .
The reason for this shift is that McCain ’s plan changes the incentives for purchasing in the employer market as compared to the individual market .
This change will lead to destabilized employer pools and fewer employers offering insurance .
First , some workers –likely those who are young and healthy –will decide to decline their employer ’s insurance to seek out plans in the individual market .
The remaining workers in the ESI pool will thus have higher average health costs , causing their premiums to rise .
When premiums rise , other workers may leave the pool , worsening the problem .
Second , employers may decide to stop offering insurance as it becomes more expensive and less valuable to their entire workforces .
Additionally , small employers who were offering insurance to their workers to gain the tax advantage themselves will no longer see a benefit to offering and might stop sponsoring coverage .
Some of the people who lose coverage through their employer will simply lose coverage altogether .
The individual market subjects individuals
to the whims of the insurance industry : poor information about policies , discriminatory pricing , coverage waivers , refusal to pay for pre-existing conditions , and denial of policy renewal .
To make matters worse , other parts of the McCain plan remove many of the ( already insufficient ) consumer protections that currently exist in state regulations –such as mental - health parity and “ guaranteed issue ” ( the requirement that insurance companies offer insurance to all comers ) .
2
Coverage sources and the Obama plan
The Obama plan ’s large net increase in coverage is the result of small increases in employer - sponsored and public insurance , and large enrollment ( almost 30 million ) in the new national insurance pool .
This pool would offer insurance at “ community - rated ” prices , that is , prices that do not discriminate based on health status .
This large pool would have substantial administrative and marketing cost - savings relative to the existing non-group market , creating potential savings not just for those judged to be bad risks by insurance companies , but for all purchasers who do not currently have access to employer or public programs .
Notes
[ 1 ] See Burman , Leonard E. , Surachai Khitatrakun , Greg Leiserson , Jeff Rohaly , Eric Toder , Roberton Williams .
An Updated Analysis of the 2008 Presidential Candidates ’ Tax Plans Urban Institute / Brookings Institution Tax Policy Center , July 23 , 2008 ( website : http://www.taxpolicycenter.org/UploadedPDF/411741_updated_candidates.pdf uploaded July 23 , 2008 ) .
It should be noted that while this issue brief draws largely on the Tax Policy Center ’s research findings , its interpretations and judgments are solely those of the authors .
[ 2 ] See Lewis , Stephanie ( 2008 ) , “ Conservative health reform proposals : Severe consequences for people with pre-existing health conditions ” , Center for American Progress Action Fund .
http://www.americanprogressaction.org/issues/2008/conservative_health_reform.html
Where will PopCap Games ' megahit puzzle game Bejeweled pop up next ?
Would you believe ... World of Warcraft ?
A version of the match - three game is set to launch next Thursday within the World of Warcraft MMO ( massively multiplayer online ) , letting players kill time with puzzles during raids and long stints farming rare items .
The added level of addiction will no doubt entertain many World of Warcraft fans , but the real story here is how the game went from a student 's pet project to solid evidence that PopCap does n't subscribe to traditional ideas of corporate hegemony .
The World of Warcraft version of Bejeweled began life as one hobbyist 's personal mod .
Michael Fromwiller , a student at San Jose State University in California , used his love of PopCap 's puzzler to combat a typical , if paradoxical , WoW problem :
The addictive game is often boring .
Players , Fromwiller says , frequently find themselves staring slack - jawed at the screen , watching the trade channel for hot deals on virtual items or waiting for friends to log in so a raid can begin .
" Thinking about all the add- ons that I used and what they could do , I decided that there was potential [ in making ] a mini - game to play within
World of Warcraft , " Fromwiller says .
" I started with a simple game or two in order to see what type of games I could make .
After I was satisfied with the results , I thought to myself : ' Hey !
What about Bejeweled ?
I could probably make a clone of the original game for WoW and could cure plenty of hours of boredom . ' "
Above : Fromwiller 's original version of Besharded *.*
Using World of Warcraft 's mod tools , Fromwiller built a surprisingly convincing copy of PopCap 's game , which he called Besharded .
His feat did not go unnoticed by the Seattle - based publisher of the original .
" [ Besharded ] was cool and fun , but not very polished , so we reached out to the gamer in question and hired him to do an official version of Bejeweled for WoW , " PopCap representative Garth Chouteau said in an e-mail to Wired.com .
Blizzard did not respond to requests for comment .
When asked why Blizzard would show no opposition to adding a competitor 's game within their game , Chouteau said : " I think there may be some Bejeweled fans over there . "
Images courtesy PopCap Games
See also :
This week , in a hotel ballroom in Indianapolis , hundreds will die .
They 'll come from all walks of life – wizards and warriors , rogues and rangers .
Some will be brought down by insidious traps , others will succumb to deadly spells .
A few will merely be beaten to death .
It all depends on how they face up to the imagination of Jeff Martin , the creator of a real - life role - playing adventure called True Dungeon .
Each year at Gen Con Indy , a massive gaming convention held in Indianapolis , Martin and a cadre of volunteers assemble a life - size dungeon , complete with traps , monsters and treasure .
More than 3,000 people – some dressed for the part – take on the role of a fantasy adventurer and travel through the dungeon each year , attempting to avoid traps , defeat monsters and claim treasure .
From the 6,000 hand - carved stones that make up the walls to True Dungeon 's immersive sound effects , Martin strives to provide the ambiance of a classic fantasy dungeon .
Some monsters are portrayed by volunteers in makeup , while others are sculpted creations or animatronic puppets .
Martin adds more detail and complexity each year , within the limits of the space available .
" Right now we 're in a 22,000 - square - foot ballroom , " says Martin .
" The largest ballroom in Indiana actually , and we 're squished . "
True Dungeon is the closest that most Dungeons and Dragons fans will get to a real - life dungeon - crawling campaign , and in the five years since it first thrilled Gen Con attendees , the walk - through game has become the single most popular event at one of the biggest gaming conventions in the world .
It all started in the late '90s when Martin dreamed up a private event that he put on in a tiny hotel room .
" I was having a weekend get - together with some friends once a year , and I wanted to make it something really cool and special , " says Martin .
" Eventually it got to the point where I started building whole fake rooms inside of a hotel suite just to increase the fun for my friends . "
In time , Gen Con CEO Peter Adkinson made the guest list .
" I was introduced by a mutual friend , " says Adkinson .
" He said , ' You 've got to check out what this guy 's done . '
It was amazing . "
Adkinson was so impressed that he helped Martin bring his creation to the gaming convention in 2003 .
Gen Con veteran Cate Hirschbiel has gone through True Dungeon three times and has tickets for a fourth run .
" It 's unlike any other event at Gen Con , " says Hirschbiel .
" It 's such a rush when you play .
I 'm just pumped up for hours afterwards . "
While waiting to enter True Dungeon , players can relax in the starting area , a fantasy tavern complete with cash bar and simulated brawls .
Once their turn comes up , players are given a chance to practice the particular roles of their character type .
Rogues , for instance , have to manipulate a metal bar through a touch - sensitive maze to disable traps , while wizards must memorize the locations of various otherworldly planes of power .
Combat is handled not with swords and shields , but with a game of skill similar to shuffleboard , sliding discs toward a target to see whether they hit the enemy and how much damage they do .
Other challenges involve props , such as a spider web that traps adventurers or monsters that menace players .
" We wanted to make it as visceral and real as we could , while still keeping it safe , " says Martin .
" We try to make everything a real - world challenge instead of rolling dice for combat . "
In one past challenge , adventurers entered a room and saw the shadow of an obviously female form behind a curtain .
Those who were too busy looking below the neck to notice the snakes in her hair had a chance to be turned to stone when the occupant was revealed to be a Medusa .
The adventurers are n't the only ones enjoying the experience .
Lydia Laurenson , a True Dungeon volunteer , played a dark elf priestess in a past dungeon .
" It 's the best thing ever , " she says .
" There was lots of role - playing involved , and I played it to the hilt .
I got to be vicious and bitchy but also have fun with it . "
For many players , the experience goes beyond the event itself .
Players earn treasure tokens that they can keep and bring back next time .
They also earn experience points that add to their in - game power in subsequent years .
For those who have acquired enough personal power to make the standard dungeon too easy , Martin provides " nightmare mode , " a stepped - up version of the dungeon with fewer clues and more treacherous battles .
Chris Bradley , who played for the first time last year and is coming back for more , sums up True Dungeon 's appeal .
" It 's awesome , " says Bradley .
" It 's like life - sized D&D . "
Gen Con Indy runs Thursday through Sunday at the Indiana Convention Center in Indianapolis .
When you have done as much damage to taxpayers and the economy as Paulson has , one just might expect for him to go into hiding until the next administration fires him .
However , that would be wishful thinking as Paulson Seeks Resolution Trust Corporation " Solution " .
CNBC 's Gasparino reports his Wall Street sources say that Treasury Secretary Paulson is talking about a Resolution Trust Corporation - type solution to the current crisis .
The RTC was created during the savings and loan crisis of the 80s .
Financials as a whole are providing leadership with a 6.3 % gain .
Diversified banks ( +10.4 % ) and thrifts & mortgage ( + 7.9 % ) stocks are rallying , although there is weakness in investment banks ( - 10.0 % ) and asset management ( - 13.8 % ) firms .
The consolidation of financial firms and government intervention is not happening just in the United States .
U.K. banking giant Lloyds TSB Group ( LYG 21.03 , +1.92 ) announced this morning that it is acquiring struggling U.K. mortgage lender HBOS in an all - stock deal valued at 12.2 billion pounds ( $ 22.2 billion ) .
The U.K. government brokered the deal , and is overriding anti-monopoly regulations , according to reports .
Mankind , for all its genius and amazing achievements , is still far from infallible .
Buildings still have to be built , and that takes the collective know - how of hundreds of people , and anywhere along this chain of human assistance could easily appear a weakest link .
Take the Titanic , for instance , sure they rammed into an iceberg , but had it not been for a design flaw in the ballasts and the hull surrounding them , the impact could have been significantly less devastating .
Here are ten more ways humans are far from perfect .
10 . Tacoma Washington Bridge Disaster
The Tacoma Narrows Bridge is a pair of mile - long ( 1600 meter ) suspension bridges with main spans of 2800 feet ( 850 m ) .
The first bridge , nicknamed Galloping Gertie , was opened to traffic on July 1 , 1940 , and became famous four months later for a dramatic wind - induced structural collapse that was caught on color motion picture film .
Surprisingly the only fatality was a black Cocker Spaniel .
The first replacement bridge opened in 1950 , and a parallel bridge opened in 2007 .
The video is amazing .
9. Cleveland East Ohio Gas Explosion
This disaster occurred on the afternoon of Friday , October 20 , 1944 .
The resulting gas leak , explosion and fires killed 130 people and destroyed a one square mile area on Cleveland , Ohio ’s east side .
At 2:30 p.m. on the afternoon of Friday , October 20 , 1944 , above ground storage tank number 4 , holding liquefied natural gas in the East Ohio Gas Company ’s tank farm , began to emit a vapor that poured from a seam on the side of the poorly structured tank .
As the gas mixture flowed and mixed with air and sewer gas , the mix ignited .
In the ensuing explosion , manhole covers launched skyward as jets of fire erupted from depths of the sewer lines .
One manhole cover was found several miles east .
At first it was thought that the disaster was contained , and spectators returned home thinking that the matter was being taken care of by the fire department .
At 3:00 p.m. , a second above ground tank exploded , leveling the tank farm .
8. Hyatt Regency Hotel Walkway Collapse
This was a major disaster that occurred on July 17 , 1981 in Kansas City , Missouri , killing 114 people and injuring more than 200 others during a tea dance .
At the time it was the deadliest structural collapse in U.S. history .
On July 17 , 1981 , approximately 2,000 people had gathered in the atrium to participate in and watch a dance contest .
Dozens stood on the walkways .
At 7:05 PM , the walkways on the second , third , and fourth floor were packed with visitors as they watched over the active lobby , also full of people .
The fourth floor bridge was suspended directly over the second floor bridge , with the third floor walkway set off to the side several meters away from the other two .
Construction issues led to a subtle but flawed design change that doubled the load on the connection between the fourth floor walkway support beams and the tie rods carrying the weight of the second floor walkway .
This new design could barely handle the weight of the structure itself , much less the weight of the hundreds of spectators standing on it .
The connection failed and both walkways crashed onto the lobby , killing 114 people and injuring more than 200 others .
7. Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant Disaster
This incident is the worst nuclear power plant accident in history and the only of the level 7 on the International Nuclear Event Scale , resulting in a severe nuclear meltdown .
On 26 April 1986 at 01:23:40 a.m. structurally unsound reactor number four at the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant located in the Soviet Union near Pripyat in Ukraine exploded .
Further explosions and the resulting fire sent a plume of highly radioactive fallout into the atmosphere and over an extensive geographical area .
336,000 had to be relocated .
6. St. Francis Dam Flooding
William Mulholland ’s career ended on March 12 , 1928 , when his St. Francis Dam failed just hours after being inspected by Mulholland himself , and sent 12.5 billion US gallons ( 47,000,000 m³ ) of water flooding into the Santa Clarita Valley , north of Los Angeles .
A 10 - story wall of water rolled down the Santa Clara riverbed at 18 - mph ( 29 km /h ) towards the sea at Ventura , and the next morning revealed unbelievable catastrophe .
The town of Santa Paula lay buried under 20 feet ( 6 m ) of mud and debris ; other parts of Ventura County were covered up to 70 feet ( 21 m ) .
Disaster recovery crews worked for days , and the final death count has been estimated at 450 , including 42 school children .
5 . The Vasa
The Vasa was built top - heavy with insufficient ballast and foundered and sunk in 32 meters of water just 120 meters from shore as soon as she encountered a wind stronger than a breeze , just a few minutes after first setting sail on her maiden voyage on August , 10th , 1628 .
Despite clearly lacking stability even in port , she was allowed to set sail .
This was caused by a combination of impatience from King Gustavus Adolphus , who was abroad on the date of her maiden voyage , to see her join the Baltic fleet .
An inquiry was organized by the Privy Council to find someone responsible for the disaster , but no sentences were handed out .
The death toll reached between 35 - 50 sailors and crew .
4. The Boston Molasses Disaster
At 529 Commercial Street , a huge molasses tank 50 ft ( 15 m ) tall , 90 - ft ( 27 m ) in diameter and containing as much as 2,300,000 US gal ( 8,700,000 L ) collapsed .
Witnesses stated that as it collapsed there was a loud rumbling sound like a machine gun as the rivets shot out of the tank , and that the ground shook as if a train were passing by .
The collapse unleashed an enormous wave of molasses between 8 and 15 ft ( 2.5 to 4.5 m ) high , moving at 35 mph ( 56 km / h ) .
The molasses wave was of sufficient force to break the girders of the adjacent Boston Elevated Railway ’s Atlantic Avenue structure and lift a train off the tracks .
Nearby , buildings were swept off their foundations and crushed .
21 were killed along with 150 injured .
3. Skylab
Weighing 75 Metric tons , Skylab was launched 14 May 1973 by a Saturn INT - 21 ( a two - stage version of the Saturn V launch vehicle ) into a 235 nautical mile ( 435 km ) orbit .
The launch is sometimes referred to as Skylab 1 , or SL - 1 .
Severe damage was sustained during launch , including the loss of the station ’s micrometeoroid shield / sun shade and one of its main solar panels .
Debris from the lost micrometeoroid shield further complicated matters by pinning the remaining solar panel to the side of the station , preventing its deployment and thus leaving the station with a huge power deficit .
The orbiting space station never fully recovered to its initial standards and ultimately the cost reached $ 3.6 Billion .
2. R101 Airship Disaster
The R101 departed on October 4 at 6:24 p.m. for its intended destination to Karachi via a refueling stop at Ismaïlia in Egypt under the command of Flight Lieutenant Carmichael Irwin .
Over France , the R101 encountered gusting winds that tore back the outer covering , exposing and rupturing the first gas bag .
The R101 crashed into a hillside near Beauvais , north of Paris , at only 13 mph ( 20 km / h ) .
The crash ignited the leaking hydrogen and fire quickly engulfed the entire airship .
46 of the 54 passengers and crew were killed .
Two men who survived the crash died later in a hospital bringing the total to 48 dead .
This particular airship disaster is worse than the ill - fated Hindenburg .
1. 1970 ’s DC - 10 Disasters
In 1979 , after a string of numerous malfunctions including door issues , DC - 10s ( all series ) around the world were grounded following the crash of American Airlines Flight 191 .
Flight 191 lost its number one wing engine after taking off from O’Hare International Airport in Chicago , USA , May 25 , 1979 .
As the engine separated upwards , it ripped through the leading edge of the wing ; rupturing hydraulic lines which caused a hydraulic cylinder that locked the port wing slats to fail .
As airspeed was reduced per AA emergency climb - out procedures , the slats retracted , the left wing stalled , the plane rolled left and crashed before the flight crew could recover .
All 271 people on board , plus two on the ground , were killed in this accident , the worst single plane crash in America .
Given the hearty support Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama received in Europe last month , he must have noticed the surprise and skepticism among some Germans when he asked that Europeans contribute more for defense .
Many Europeans argue they cannot afford such an additional expenditure .
They are right .
And therein lies a cautionary tale for the United States , because continental Europe has been following something like Mr. Obama 's plans for spending and taxes .
Mr ....
Get information on education programs that could help you increase your earning power .
The sharp rise in joblessness is draining unemployment insurance trust funds in many hard - hit states , setting the stage for a federal bailout to keep the funds solvent .
The unemployment rate reached a five - year high of 6.1 % in August , putting the number of jobless people at 9.5 million , up 2.4 million from a year earlier .
About one - third of the jobless collect unemployment insurance from state governments .
TABLE : Covering the unemployed California , New York , Ohio and Michigan are among populous states projected to deplete their unemployment insurance funds this year or in 2009 to cover the cost of benefits .
The financial struggles should not jeopardize weekly jobless payments , which average $ 299 per week .
" People will get their benefits .
It 's just a matter of where the money will come from , " Loree Levy of the California Employment Development Department said .
The federal government is required to loan states money when their trust funds run short .
In the short term , bailouts increase the federal deficit .
In the long term , businesses pay higher unemployment insurance taxes to replenish the trust funds .
" Ohio has n't faced anything like this for many years .
I doubt other states have either , " Ohio Chamber of Commerce President Andrew Doehrel said .
Thirty - two state trust funds are below the federally recommended level of having cash reserves equal to a year 's worth of recession - level payments .
A number of states will need federal assistance for jobless funds during this economic slowdown , said Andrew Stettner , deputy director of the National Employment Law Project .
" We 're going to see many more states facing insolvency than in the past , " he said .
State unemployment funds never fully recovered from the recession that started in 2001 , Stettner said .
Before the last downturn , trust funds had $ 54 billion in reserves .
This time , reserves were $ 32 billion on March 30 , the most recent figure available .
States with big problems : • California doubled benefits in 2001 but did not raise its tax rate .
The jobless fund went insolvent in 2004 , then recovered .
Now that unemployment is at 7.3 % , it faces insolvency again in 2009 .
• New York has enough in its reserve for only two months .
" That 's not enough , " said Nancy Dunphy , state deputy labor commissioner .
• Michigan , which has the USA 's highest unemployment rate at 8.5 % , owes $ 255 million it borrowed from the federal government earlier this year .
More borrowing is likely .
Unemployment insurance is operated by states under federal guidelines .
States set their own benefits and tax rates .
Employers pay an average of 2.5 % on the first $ 11,500 of wages .
The federal government has its own unemployment insurance trust fund that will lend states money .
If states do n't repay the bailout loans promptly , businesses in those states generally are required to pay higher federal and state taxes to restore the funds ' solvency .
Covering the unemployed Unemployment trust funds are running low in many states , making afederal bailout likely to keep the funds solvent .
Story , 1A .
What statespay in unemployment insurance and how long the average jobless personcollects : Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Which makes it all the more ridiculous to see which 80s movies Hollywood wants to awkwardly jam into today 's world .
Movies like ...
Nothing from the 80s belongs in today 's world .
The themes we cared about then are sad reminders of how naive we once were , and the fashion trends that interested us are even sadder reminders of how idiotic we were .
5 Red Dawn
Communists invade America by paratrooping into a small , Colorado town .
But they did n't count on running into a scrappy group of teens with a truckload of guns and everything to prove .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Why It Made Sense
Then :
If you do n't remember the 80s , just imagine listening to Duran Duran 's " Hungry Like the Wolf " playing on a boom box that at any moment could explode , killing you and everyone you know .
It was the peak of the Cold War , and America was basically standing around in parachute pants waiting for Armageddon to start .
Back then , we all pretty much expected that one day we 'd glance out the window during study hall and see a sky full of Communist paratroopers .
Now , how the bad guys in Red Dawn flew several thousand miles in hundreds of aircraft undetected until they suddenly landed on a high school football field in Colorado is n't really explained , but you could n't put anything past those crafty Ruskies .
Not a teenager who saw that movie at the time doubted it .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
We also did n't doubt that our high school football team was badass enough to turn those fuckers back !
WOLVERINES !
Why It Does n't Now :
In an interview with the Hollywood Reporter , screenwriter Carls Ellsworth says the new Red Dawn will be an updated version , set in today 's world .
So , we 're assuming that eliminates a contingency of Soviet and Cuban forces as the enemy .
The producers have said they will update the threat to be more in keeping with a " post 9/11 " mindset , which is just a nice way of saying all Middle Easterners and brown people in general .
There 's the problem .
Right now we 're not in the heart of a massive arms race with another superpower , who at any moment could brazenly try to take over America despite the best efforts of Colorado 's proudest high school football program .
We know how the modern terrorist attacks .
They 're not the " paratrooping " type and they 're not going knock over the government and set up re-education camps .
So how in the hell is our band of teenagers hiding in the mountains going to make any sense ?
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
And , uh , not to get all political here , but notice how all through Red Dawn the Commies refer to the kids as " insurgents ? "
Where else do you hear that term in the news these days ?
That 's right , their movie is going to ask you to root for scrappy insurgents fighting with homemade weapons against an invading force , in a world where , in reality , we 're the military superpower hunting down those kinds of people .
Okay , But Why ELSE Should n't They Remake It ?
The original Red Dawn populated its cast with all the big teen celebrities of its day , which means there 's at least a half chance we 'll get a Red Dawn featuring some High School Musical bastards and at least two Jonas brothers .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
President George W Bush has said the US will use military aircraft and naval forces to deliver aid to Georgia following its conflict with Russia .
Speaking in Washington , he expressed concern about reports of continuing Russian action in Georgia , and urged Russia to respect a ceasefire accord .
Mr Bush hinted that Russia could be jeopardising its international ties .
The first US C - 17 military aircraft has landed in Tbilisi carrying medical and other supplies .
The Kremlin said the US must choose between partnership with Moscow , or with the Georgian leadership .
" At some time it will be necessary to choose between supporting this virtual project and [ a ] real partnership on questions which actually require collective action , " said Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov .
The BBC's Caroline Wyatt , in Moscow , says the Kremlin 's reaction suggests they have been bitterly stung by Mr Bush 's comments .
But she says Mr Lavrov spoke in the knowledge that the US is unlikely to back up its verbal support for Georgia with any more concrete action .
See map of the region
The crisis erupted late on 7 August when Georgian forces bombarded South Ossetia to restore Tbilisi 's control over the region , where the majority of people hold Russian passports .
Russia quickly became involved , bombing targets in Georgia and sending in troops .
Some 100,000 people are estimated to have been displaced by the conflict .
Russia must keep its word and act to end this crisis
President George W Bush
US sends aid , but rethinks policy
In pictures : Tskhinvali in ruins Feeling vindicated in Moscow A French - brokered ceasefire has been in place between Russia and Georgia since Tuesday , but each side has accused the other of breaking the accord .
Mr Bush said Russia 's actions had " raised serious questions about its intentions in Georgia and the region " .
" To begin to repair the damage to its relations with the United States , Europe and other nations , and to begin restoring its place in the world , Russia must keep its word and act to end this crisis . "
He said he had ordered a series of steps to demonstrate " solidarity with the Georgian people " , including sending Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice to Tbilisi later this week , and launching a " vigorous and ongoing " humanitarian mission .
A C-17 aircraft with humanitarian supplies was already on its way to Georgia , Mr Bush said , and in the following days military aircraft and naval forces would deliver humanitarian and medical supplies .
The BBC's Natalia Antelava , in Tbilisi , says Mr Bush 's speech was the first piece of good news the Georgian government had received for days .
But she said Tbilisi 's schools and nurseries were crammed with refugees , many of whom were angry with their leaders for dragging them into a conflict with Russia .
' Dismantling artillery ' Following Mr Bush 's statement , Ms Rice , who will hold talks in France before heading to Tbilisi , also had tough words , saying Russia had " seriously overreached " itself .
Russian and Georgian forces have been seen on the main Gori -Tbilisi road
She told a news conference : " This is not 1968 and the invasion of Czechoslovakia where Russia can threaten a neighbour , occupy a capital , overthrow a government and get away with it .
Things have changed . "
Mr Lavrov responded robustly to US criticism of Russia 's continuing military action , admitting that his troops were still inside Georgia near both Gori and the town of Senaki , near the other secessionist region of Abkhazia .
He said Russian peacekeepers were dismantling a " huge amount of armaments , ammunition and explosives " that had been left unattended .
" This arsenal has to be defused of course so that it cannot pose any threat to civilians , " he said .
' Massacres on our doorstep '
France , which currently holds the EU presidency , has been spearheading diplomatic efforts to solve the crisis .
President Nicolas Sarkozy visited both Tbilisi and Moscow on Tuesday , and succeeded in getting both sides to agree to the principles of a peace plan .
Russian President Dmitry Medvedev had announced a halt to military action shortly before meeting Mr Sarkozy .
EU foreign ministers have been discussing the peace plan , and have agreed to send a group of monitors or peacekeepers to Georgia to monitor the ceasefire - but they want the UN to back the proposal first .
" The European Union can not be indifferent to this war , these massacres on our doorstep , " said French Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner .
UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon said the UN was ready to facilitate international talks and contribute to possible peacekeeping arrangements in the region .
Back to story
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Share Tweet Share
There ’s an interesting discussion revolving around a post by Jay Fields .
The moral of story from his post being that in today ’s IT Industry developers are needed while hackers need not apply .
He illustrated this by , what I assume is a real life example on what software companies look for today .
Given the option between a person who has proved to be great at programming and a person who proved to be great at soft skills ( communication , interpersonal ) , a company hired the second guy for the post of Software Developer to create internal and external websites based on an interview .
Programmers and developers who later commented on the post seem to be irked by the way the 1st guy who seems to be great at programming was dismissed against the 2nd guy who was great at communicating but did n’t prove his programming skills :
When the interview ends the candidates are given a simple assignment : the business needs to convert a csv file from one format to another .
The candidates are given 24 hours to complete the task .
The first developer goes home and designs an amazing yet simple site where multiple files can be uploaded simultaneously and users can choose to be notified via SMS or email when the task is completed .
It ’s great software .
The second developer receives the assignment and spends the next 30 minutes talking to the business to see how the software will be used and what value it provides .
After he ’s gotten the information he needs he says thanks , but instead of letting him leave , the CTO offers him the job on the spot .
The first developer gets the “ thanks , but no thanks ” call the following day .
A whole discussion by developers and other guys in IT with various opinions and perspectives follows .
The problem revolves around hiring programmers and figuring out what is the right balance between hard skills ( technical ) and soft skills ( interpersonal , communication ) required in your company so that business is satisfied from start to finish .
Developers love to talk about how software is about people .
I know it ’s about people , you know it ’s about people , yet when I look around I rarely see developers interacting with people .
It does n’t seem to make sense , and yet it happens the majority of the time .
We ’re stuck in the ways of software development past .
Hackers put out code , often good code .
That ’s great .
Without hackers I would n’t have messaging systems , proxies , web servers , etc .
At least I would n’t have such a good selection .
But , being a good hacker does n’t make you valuable to a business .
Okay , now I would n’t call a guy who can make a nice site that uploades multiple files and has a feature for sms and email alerts a “ hacker ” as we understand it today but yet , he sounds like a person who you can call a programmer .
The 2nd guy sounds like a great team player , excellent at communication , coordination and other management tasks but we do n’t know if he ’s a programmer .
The company ditched the 1st guy because he did n’t have a reflex reaction to go and ask business exactly what they wanted and instead went straight ahead deliverying exactly what he was asked to do .
Personally I feel this interview is totally flawed .
I ca n’t believe that there are “ software development ” firms today that might hire people like this .
I do n’t think the CTO who dismissed the 1st guy ( good programmer ) and hired the 2nd guy ( good business analyst ) knows anything about the other important half of software development skills that are needed – mainly programming .
Maybe it might have been good for the 1st guy not to have worked in such a company with such an attitude towards his skills .
I ’m kind ’a biased towards the 1st guy .
Okay , so maybe he did a little developer gold plating ( Classic Mistakes # 30 ) and would be back after a few iterations .
But being a programmer myself and someone who also calls myself a “ software developer ” ( we need to differentiate between the two in this day and age ) , I empathize with the 1st guy because I ’ve worked with some great programmers in my career who had little if no communicating skills needed to interact with business and were therefore never left in those roles .
Yet , these guys were the technical pillars of our team .
That ’s where roles like Business Analysts come in with Project Managers and Team leads contributing , documentations and other ways to let the requirements be known to the development team .
It ’s not uncommon to find a Business Analyst in most if not all matured software development companies who are dedicated to the role of interacting with business .
But even as a greater part of my role is engrossed in programming related tasks , some of my recent roles have required me to interact heavily with the client ’s side , their different departments and users , getting documentations right under both process oriented frameworks and less rigid and agile environments .
So such expectations are definately realistic and needed .
That ’s why I ’ve got my own 13 point user manual discussing the traits of a great programming over here and here .
In today ’s software industry , a developer needs to possess an array of skills apart from just programming to be useful for business .
In my line of work , even as a software developer , one of my key goals in the short and long term is to try and pick up domain knowledge in areas of banking and BPM .
At the end of the day , we need to submit to the fact that IT needs to meet business goals and not the other way round .
Doing it the other way round leads to delayed projects , failed projects , losses and people being laid off .
But if you need a software developer where soft skills may not be paramount for complicated projects and then find a great programmer who lives and breathes programming which is really hard these days , I would never recommend anyone letting go of this asset … at least based on my experience working with such guys .
There are other people who can and should deal with business if domain knowledge is required and when other aspects of requirements gathering need to be addressed .
Some companies sometimes invest their training for , apart from other things , soft skills too .
I still think the 1st guy is a worthy contender for today ’s IT industry .
Maybe a little pruning would have been required .
Nevertheless , he ’s still good .
As for the 2nd guy , right now that company has hired a great Business Analyst .
If he knows programming , they ’re just plain lucky !
Happy programming !
Prosecutors in a German state have announced they will refuse to entertain the majority of file - sharing lawsuits in future .
It appears that only commercial - scale copyright infringers will be pursued , with those sharing under 3000 music tracks and 200 movies dropping under the prosecution radar .
During the last few years the legal climate in Germany has become more and more weighted against file - sharers , with hundreds of thousands receiving threats of legal action .
Based on information gathered by anti-p2 p tracking outfits , an offense is reported which the public prosecution service is obliged to investigate due to the fact that copyright infringement is a criminal issue in Germany .
The ISP of the alleged infringer would then be forced to hand over the personal details of those accused , who would then be threatened with legal action .
Very often the legal action is not carried out but the threats are used as leverage to get ‘ compensation ’ from the alleged infringer to hand to the rights holder .
It seems that the legal system in German has had enough of this ‘ abuse ’ of the criminal law system for ‘ civil ’ monetary gain .
In an interview with Jetzt.de , prosecutors from the Nort - Rhine Westphalia area state that those sharing files for personal , non-commercial uses , will no longer be the target of a lawsuit .
Christian Solmecke , a lawyer working at lawyers Wilde & Beuger and currently defending around 500 file - sharers against the German music industry told TorrentFreak : “ That means , that the music industry in Germany has no chance to find out the real address behind an IP - address at the moment , ” which is clearly a major obstacle for someone looking to take legal action .
The dividing line between personal file - sharing and commercial file - sharing needs to be defined clearly under the law , and the prosecutors have gone some way in offering this definition .
“ The guidelines say that no investigation should be done if the damage is lower than 3000 Euros ( approx $ 4,500 ) , ” Christian told us .
“ The guideline says that the damage of trading one song is 1 Euro ( $ 1.50 ) .
That means , that you could have 2999 Files on your computer and the prosecutors will not investigate . ”
The damages for a movie are being touted at 15 Euros ( approx $ 22.00 ) each , so presumably anyone sharing less than 200 movies will be considered a non-commercial file - sharer and should avoid prosecution .
However , the prosecutor has indicated that those sharing brand new movies still in theater cannot expect to receive the same treatment .
Christian told TorrentFreak : “ This decision is very new , we do not know what consequences it will have or if all prosecutors in Germany will follow the new guidelines . ”
However , the German music industry is clearly unhappy , labeling the decision as “ a catastrophe ” and refusing to accept it .
Should this decision spread around Germany , P2P tracking outfits such as Logistep AG and the German company Digiprotect will have to look elsewhere to make up their revenue .
There are indications that Digiprotect is already branching out into the UK , in a new partnership with everyone ’s favorite anti-p2p lawyers , Davenport Lyons .
Via P2P - Blog
Alcohol use during the teen years can not only lead to alcoholism , risky sexual behavior and early childbearing , alcohol dependence ( AD ) has now also been linked to delayed reproduction .
" Reproductive dysfunctions include a range of menstrual disorders , sexual dysfunctions , and pregnancy complications that include spontaneous abortion or miscarriage , " explained Mary Waldron , assistant professor of psychiatry at Washington University School of Medicine and corresponding author for the study .
" Teenagers who drink tend to have disruptions in their menstrual cycle as well as unplanned pregnancies . "
These complications may become more pronounced with time , added Sharon C. Wilsnack , Chester Fritz Distinguished Professor in the department of clinical neuroscience at the University of North Dakota School of Medicine & Health Sciences .
" Higher rates of reproductive dysfunction in adult women may reflect the cumulative effects of longer exposure to alcohol for older women than for female adolescents , " she said .
For this study , Waldron and her colleagues analyzed data gathered on two groups of Australian twins born between 1893 - 1964 ( 3,634 female and 1,880 male twins ) and 1964 -1971 ( 3,381 female and 2,748 male twins ) .
Control variables included socio- demographic characteristics , regular smoking , history of psychopathology , and family and childhood risks .
Results indicate delayed reproductive onset among alcoholic women in both groups , with little to no effect observed among men .
" To our knowledge , this is the first study to examine alcohol 's effects on reproductive onset across reproductive development , " said Waldron .
" Most previous research has examined risks to teens or adults but not both .
Our findings highlight a risk associated with AD in women that is not widely recognized – a risk that has assumed increasing importance given the increased rates of alcohol misuse by women and particularly young women . "
Both Waldron and Wilsnack said the smaller effects on reproduction found among men may be due to the fact that women reach higher blood alcohol concentrations than men while consuming similar amounts of alcohol – which may contribute to a stronger link between drinking and reproductive problems in women .
It may also be , added Wilsnack , that research demonstrating detrimental effects of alcohol use on male reproduction is not as extensive and consistent as research linking alcohol use to female reproductive dysfunction .
" Young women who drink alcohol may want to consider the longer - term consequences for later childbearing , " cautioned Waldron .
" If drinking continues or increases to levels of problem use , their ability and / or opportunity to have children may be impaired . "
" For women who are already experiencing fertility problems or other reproductive difficulties , " added Wilsnack , " the study 's findings should warn them not to use alcohol to cope with stress caused by the reproductive problems , because alcohol would likely make the reproductive problems worse as well as carrying risks of possible alcohol abuse or dependence . "
Wilsnack recommended that future research measure specific reproductive problems and their timing relative to increased drinking and symptoms of AD .
This would help , she said , to clarify how much of the connection between AD and delayed reproduction is due to adverse effects of alcohol on reproductive functioning and how much is due to reproductive problems creating pain and distress that may be self - medicated by alcohol .
Results will be published in the November issue of Alcoholism : Clinical & Experimental Research .
Daily Show Correspondent Wyatt Cenac heads down to south Florida again to conduct a robust focus group on the first presidential debate .
Hilarity ensues .
Download Download
The woman who gets angry while defending FOX News is too funny .
Woman 1 : I watch FOX News and I read magazines and I determine for myself what the truth is .
Woman 2 : Yea , she watches FOX ...
Woman 1 : That 's right , FOX is fair and balanced .
The others are in the tank for Obama . "
Check out Cenac 's first focus group sketch below the fold .
Thirty - three preachers across the country say they will defy tax laws Sunday by endorsing specific political candidates from the pulpit and preaching about their moral qualifications .
They are part of a campaign called Pulpit Freedom Sunday , organized by the Scottsdale , Ariz . - based Alliance Defense Fund ( ADF ) , a group of Christian lawyers who work for socially conservative causes .
The Pulpit Freedom Campaign has amassed the pastors to cooperate in a mass violation of a 1954 law that bars religious organizations and nonprofit groups that accept tax - deductible contributions from endorsing specific candidates .
The ADF thinks the law is unconstitutional and lined up churches earlier this year willing to commit civil disobedience for a test case headed for the Supreme Court .
“ This is something we ’ve committed the resources to , ” said ADF senior legal counsel Erik Stanley .
“ What we want to do is have a reasonable constitutional addressing of the issues .
For 54 years , the Internal Revenue Service has studiously avoided any court confrontation over their ability to regulate a pastor ’s sermon . ”
The Rev. Barry W. Lynn , executive director of Americans United for Separation of Church and State , said his organization will monitor who takes part .
“ Taking part in this reckless stunt is a one - way ticket to loss of tax exemption , ” he said “ Pastors who violate the law can expect their churches to be reported to the IRS the first thing Monday morning . ”
The ADF says Mr. Lynn ’s group need not bother ; the 33 pastors will send copies of their sermons to the IRS themselves .
The ADF is not releasing the names of participating clergy for fear of hecklers .
“ Churches are not tax exempt because of some bargain they make with the government , ” Mr. Stanley said .
“ Being tax - exempt is part of freedom of religion ; otherwise the government could tax churches out of existence .
Now the government is telling churches you can be tax - exempt if you do n’t speak out on a certain topic . ”
An ADF spokesman said a congregation in Richmond is participating , but none in Maryland or the District .
The 33 churches range from a group of 20 to several megachurches .
Bishop Harry Jackson , pastor of Hope Christian Church in Beltsville , said he had planned to take part but pulled back due to other commitments .
“ The preacher should be able to preach a message from the Bible that states a biblical position and then goes the additional step of saying so - and - so is against the issue and is just flat wrong , ” he said Friday .
“ As an African American , if it had n’t been for a free pulpit during slavery and the civil rights movement , African Americans would not enjoy the benefits they do .
The pulpit needs to be a conscience for the nation , ” he said .
The IRS released a statement saying it “ will monitor the situation and take action as appropriate . ”
The ADF is contesting the 1954 “ Johnson Amendment , ” named after then - Sen. Lyndon B. Johnson who inserted language into the IRS code that prohibited nonprofit groups , including churches , from endorsing or opposing candidates for political office .
His efforts were aimed at two anti-communist nonprofit groups that opposed his re-election to the Senate , but had far greater effect on America ’s churches , synagogues , mosques and temples .
The ADF ’s campaign sparked a Sept. 8 protest letter to IRS Director Michael Chesman from Marcus Owens , the former director of the IRS ’ division of tax - exempt organizations , and tax attorneys Cono Namoroto and Mortimer Caplan .
All three said the ADF is helping churches violate federal law .
“ It ’s as if I told people how to cheat on their income taxes , ” Mr. Owens said .
“ This raises questions as to whether the ADF has jeopardized its own tax - exempt status . ”
The Supreme Court has ruled in several cases , he added , that Congress can limit the free speech rights of charities so they do not use tax - deductible contributions for support or opposition to political candidates .
Mr. Stanley disagreed , saying no case has ever questioned the government ’s ability to regulate a pastor ’s sermon .
From 1788 , when the U.S. Constitution was ratified , to 1954 , he said , “ Churches were free to endorse or oppose candidates and they did so .
The record shows they exercised that right responsibly . ”
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
SF Chronicle
Democratic House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , in a wide - ranging editorial board interview with The Chronicle today , offered her own views on the bombshell book by former White House press secretary Scott McClellan , who charges that the Iraq war was a bungled policy and the Administration was in ” damage control ” over Hurricane Katrina .
While she has n’t yet read McClellan ’s tome ” I totally agree ” with his charges , said Pelosi .
” This war was unnecessary .
Katrina was a black mark on how the government responded to the needs of our people , and did n’t anticipate them . ”
” This is a person who was talking to the press , supplied with information that he trusted to be truthful .
So I ’m sure he felt zapped .
Because what could he say , except what he trusted to be the case ? ”
” I almost wonder how anybody associated with this war , unless they were of completely different philosophy , would not come to the conclusion that this war is a grotesque mistake , that it was misrepresented from the start , not prepared for correctly , ” said Pelosi .
” This war is a big lie .
It was a lie to begin with .. and it continues to be a lie .. at some point , maybe the lies just got to be too heavy for him to carry , ” she said of the former White House spokesman .
By By David Silverberg Jul 31 , 2007 in Health
The supposedly benign laser printer emits dangerous particles into the air , an Australian study discovered .
Watch out , office workers — new toners can be as harmful to your health as cigarette smoke .
Digital Journal —
Even though most offices have banished smokers from the workplace , there ’s a surprise health threat as potentially dangerous as cigarette smoking : the laser printer .
As Lidia Morawska , a professor from the Queensland University of Technology and one of the researchers with the project , told Ultra - fine particles are of most concern because they can penetrate deep into the lungs where they can pose a significant health threat .
These [ printer ] particles are tiny like cigarette smoke particles and , when deep inside the lung , they do the same amount of damage .
The university 's International Laboratory for Air Quality and Health tested 62 printers and found that 17 were “ high particle emitters . ”
In what will surely be a blow to the printing industry , the scientists also named the more notorious culprits , according to But not every print job could damage a worker ’s lungs : the health threat intensified when new cartridges were used and when printing graphics and images required higher quantities of toner .
Morawska offered a warning to those spending their days in enclosed workplaces .
She told ABC News that offices with poor ventilation can experience a higher concentration of particles that can last an entire day , and health risks will be “ quite high ” for staff who spend long sessions in the office .
The Australian scientists did n’t just point out what ’s wrong with these potentially harmful printers ; they also recommended some possible solutions .
The research team suggested governments should consider regulating emission levels from laser printers .
As Morawska told The Age : Governments regulate emission levels from outdoor devices such as vehicles , power stations and factories , so why not for printers ?
Also , office managers should buy printers that are labelled as low emitters , Morawska added .
This news comes at a time when the summer heat makes the outdoor air smoggy and heavy , when urban workers are already inundated with car emissions and heat haze .
Now that the indoor environment may be a potential health risk because of printer toners , what ’s the average employee to do ?
The Australian research team were absolutely correct when they suggested government regulation .
If a new technology is discovered to be unsafe , the regulatory bodies should step and take action .
Otherwise , the next pariah in the office wo n’t just be the pack - a- day smoker ; it ’ll be the laser printer spewing out 8x11 sheets and dangerous particles .
Digital Journal —
Even though most offices have banished smokers from the workplace , there ’s a surprise health threat as potentially dangerous as cigarette smoking : the laser printer .
As BBC News reported , Australian scientists have discovered that some office printers emit a dangerous amount of toner in the air , possibly causing health problems ranging from respiratory irritation to cardiovascular problems .
The scientists even noted some of these floating microscopic particles may be carcinogens .
Lidia Morawska , a professor from the Queensland University of Technology and one of the researchers with the project , told The Australian Age The university 's International Laboratory for Air Quality and Health tested 62 printers and found that 17 were “ high particle emitters . ”
In what will surely be a blow to the printing industry , the scientists also named the more notorious culprits , according to ABC News Australia : 12 models of Hewlett Packard printers and one Toshiba printer were listed as high emitters of the dangerous particles .
But not every print job could damage a worker ’s lungs : the health threat intensified when new cartridges were used and when printing graphics and images required higher quantities of toner .
Morawska offered a warning to those spending their days in enclosed workplaces .
She told ABC News that offices with poor ventilation can experience a higher concentration of particles that can last an entire day , and health risks will be “ quite high ” for staff who spend long sessions in the office .
The Australian scientists did n’t just point out what ’s wrong with these potentially harmful printers ; they also recommended some possible solutions .
The research team suggested governments should consider regulating emission levels from laser printers .
As Morawska told The Age : Also , office managers should buy printers that are labelled as low emitters , Morawska added .
This news comes at a time when the summer heat makes the outdoor air smoggy and heavy , when urban workers are already inundated with car emissions and heat haze .
Now that the indoor environment may be a potential health risk because of printer toners , what ’s the average employee to do ?
The Australian research team were absolutely correct when they suggested government regulation .
If a new technology is discovered to be unsafe , the regulatory bodies should step and take action .
Otherwise , the next pariah in the office wo n’t just be the pack - a- day smoker ; it ’ll be the laser printer spewing out 8x11 sheets and dangerous particles .
More about Printer , Hewlett , Respiratory printer hewlett respiratory
Click to view
It 's taken four weeks , but it 's finally happened - Fans of The Dark Knight have started to take some of the Joker 's methods into the real world , and are paying the price .
But , considering what was actually done in the Joker 's name , the price being paid may be far too high .
According to the Roanoke Times , two teenagers from Pembroke , VA , have been arrested and admitted to creating " a series of playing cards that were defaced with threatening writing and left at stores in Christiansburg and Pearisburg — a gesture police said the teens admitted had been inspired by this summer 's Batman movie , ' The Dark Knight . ' "
However , what police are charging them with seems more than slightly excessive : conspiracy to commit an act of terrorism .
Do n't get me wrong ;
I 'm sure that the cards were upsetting to those that found them ( even though all they apparently said was " Joker " ) , and I agree that they should be charged with something for placing them .
But conspiracy to commit an act of terrorism ?
Really ?
The Roanoke Times story makes it fairly clear that the two 18 - year - olds , Justin Colby Dirico and Bryan Eugene Stafford , are much more aimless Dark Knight fans than terrorists :
The teenagers " were real remorseful .
They said they never had any intentions of harming anybody , " [ Police Chief JC ]
Martin said after talking with them .
He said it appeared to be " a prank that kind of got out of hand . "
Advertisement
In The Dark Knight , authorities and moviemakers alike are quick to label the Joker a terrorist , but he does much more than leave playing cards for people to find .
Is this just a case of real life dumbly following art ?
Teens dealt charges over Joker cards [ Roanoke.com ]
With oil and energy prices skyrocketing , more people around the world are starting to look at green and renewable energy sources .
Wind power , which was found to be a true green alternative to fossil fuels , has gotten a recent boost thanks to a bet by oil tycoon T. Boone Pickens .
His company , Mesa Power , is planning a $ 2 billion investment in what will be the world 's largest wind farm ever built , set to be located in west Texas .
According to Pickens , if the US were to take advantage of what he calls the wind corridor that runs from western Texas to the Canadian border , the country could have 20 percent of its energy supplied by wind power .
Image credit : NASA / JPL
20 percent is not bad , but where else could large scale wind farms be built ?
A Publication in the current issue of Geophysical Research Letters by a team of scientists from NASA 's JPL uses satellite data to measure the surface stresses over the oceans .
Recent technological advances have made floating wind farms possible , but the key is putting them in the right locations .
The article examined eight years of data from the QuikSCAT data to determine the energy distribution over the world 's ocean .
The research identified three causes of regional variations in the power carried by the winds : " land mass deflection of the surface flow , the gap wind channeled by land topography , and surface stress variation produced by atmospheric buoyancy driven by ocean front . "
From the data , the researchers found that high wind areas over the ocean could be used to harness between 500 and 800 W / m2 .
That 's less than solar power can generate under ideal conditions , which is 1000 W / m2 , although ideal solar conditions are rare .
Given the higher efficiency of wind power over solar , however , the cost per kWh of electricity produced would be less .
The research identified a host of locations where the winds blow continually almost year round due to various combinations of geographical and physical effects .
High wind areas highlighted by the JPL were Cape Mendocino off the coast of northern California , the seas around Tasmania and New Zealand , in the south Pacific , and off Tierra del Fuego in South America .
Geophysical Research Letters , 2008 .
DOI : 10.1029/2008GL034172
Army Times Hits McCain Lie , Obama Camp Pounces
Created : September 15 , 2008 13:05 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
This Sunday , The Army Times joined the chorus of news organizations directly confronting Sen. John McCain ’s repeated lies .
Earlier this year , McCain advocated a cut in Pentagon funding for Future Combat Systems ( FCS ) , the military ’s pricey and controversial modernization program .
But now he is attacking Sen. Barack Obama for the same position .
In July , McCain said the program should be “ ended ” during a “ scrub ” of the entire Pentagon budget , notes the article , and McCain has spent years criticizing “ the over - budget , behind - schedule FCS program ” — it spiked to $ 161 billion in 2005 , exceeding its contract .
The Army Times headline questions whether McCain is fibbing or flip - flopping — an unusually sharp tone .
Forget the military rhetoric , the McCain campaign rebuffed the Army Times ’ requests and refused to even discuss the issue — despite “ phone calls and emails requesting clarification . ”
A military expert also told the paper that McCain was being deceitful , since he was “ more critical ” of the program than any other senator , while Obama was “ detailed and thoughtful ” in outlining plans for “ future military investment . ”
The Obama campaign talked with the Times for the article , and then pounced on McCain ’s “ lie ” in an interview with TWI on Monday .
“ In one fail swoop John McCain abandoned both his promise to fight wasteful spending and his pledge to run a campaign with honor , ” campaign spokesman Hari Sevugan said .
“ Is there anything John McCain wo n’t say or do ; any principle he wo n’t compromise ; any lie he wo n’t tell , for the sake of scoring cheap political points ?
It ’s clear John McCain would rather lose his integrity than lose an election , ” he added .
Since the McCain campaign had no comment for The Army Times , I wo n’t be waiting by the laptop to hear their response to this issue .
If they do offer an argument about why McCain is distorting his own very public record on this program , however , or why he thinks it ’s effective to criticize Obama for a position that they share , I will update you here .
NRA vs. Obama
The NRA is out with a new TV and radio ad against Obama , warning hunters that he 'll take their guns .
Obama 's stated plans do not , in fact , involve confiscating shotguns .
Talk about survival of the fittest ?
There is one Koala in Australia that took on a car , got his head stuck in the grill and still came out a survivor .
Could he be on television ?
A car hit the 8 - years old bear at high speed , the bear got his head stuck in the grill of the car and went for a ride for 12 km ( 7.4 miles ) .
We ’re thinking he lost a few years while zoom zoom zooming down the road .
Still he ’s alive .
“ To have him survive and virtually unscathed is quite miraculous , ” Australian Wildlife Hospital spokeswoman Carolyn Beaton said .
It ’s the season for koalas to be on the move and drivers down under are being asked to drive with particular caution when in koala habitat areas .
The bear , now nicknamed “ Ely ‘ Lucky ’ Grills ” was freed with a pair of scissors after hanging on with one arm and his head stuck .
When the driver stopped at a railway station , he was cut loose .
Lucky , who might be better nicknamed Look - before - you - cross - the - road is recovering in a hospital .
“ Whilst Lucky was in shock , he quickly recovered and was nearly better after a couple of hours rest and a feed , ” she said .
The Federal Communications Commission formally voted Friday to uphold the complaint against Comcast , the nation ’s largest cable company , saying that it had illegally inhibited users of its high - speed Internet service from using popular file - sharing software .
The decision , which imposes no fine , requires Comcast to end such blocking this year .
Kevin J. Martin , the commission ’s chairman , said the order was meant to set a precedent that Internet providers , and indeed all communications companies , could not keep customers from using their networks the way they see fit unless there is a good reason .
“ We are preserving the open character of the Internet , ” Mr. Martin said in an interview after the 3 - to - 2 vote .
“ We are saying that network operators ca n’t block people from getting access to any content and any applications . ”
The case also highlights the broader issue of whether new legislation is needed to force Internet providers to treat all uses of their networks equally , a concept called network neutrality .
Some have urged legislation to make sure that big Internet companies do not discriminate against small companies or those that compete with their video or telephone services .
The extent of the federal government ’s hypocrisy on the issue of medicinal cannabis truly knows no bounds .
Do n’t believe me ?
Just click here .
( Thanks to Huffington Post blogger Brinna for the link . )
US Patent 6630507 – Cannabinoids as antioxidants and neuroprotectants
Application : filed on 2/02/2001
US Patent Issued on October 7 , 2003
Assignee : The United States of America , as represented by the Department of Health and Human Services
And there you have it .
The same federal government that steadfastly denies pot has any medicinal value also holds the medical patents on the plant ’s various therapeutic cannabinoids .
And they are n’t the only ones who do .
NORML podcaster Russ Belville and I will be discussing this issue in depth — as well as the related issue of whether or not Big Pharma is behind the prohibition of pot — on the Daily Audio Stash next week .
Stay tuned .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Move over Instagram influencers :
The magic of TikTok is authenticity
Despite an uncertain future in the US , the social video app could have lasting implications for what we want from social media .
A master at seducing – and offending – women , Tank is a professional “ . ”
When guys get dumped , they hire Tank to take their ex-girlfriends out on the worst date of their lives – an experience so horrible it sends them running gratefully back to their beaus .
So when Tank ’s best friend , Dustin , is dumped by his new girlfriend , Tank naturally offers to help out … and ends up meeting the challenge of a lifetime .
Smart , beautiful and headstrong , Alexis is the first girl who knows how to call his bluff , and Tank soon finds himself torn between his loyalty to Dustin and his love for his best friend ’s girl .
An outrageous , sexy , no -holds - barred romantic comedy , ‘s My Best Friend ’s Gir starsand , and is directed byfrom a script by .
Red band trailer for “ My Best Friend ’s Girl ” gives us a better introduction to Tank ( Dane Cook ) , whose job it is to get couples back together by being an asshole .
His job backfires when he falls for a client he was supposed to get back together .
“ My Best Friend ’s Girl ” will hit theaters on September 19 , 2008 [ flv ]
http://www.mybestfriendsgirlmovie.com/aol/trailer_b.flv[/flv]
has released the firstfor their upcoming CG - animation “ ” .
Tv spot concentrates on the title characters powers .
For super - dog Bolt ( voiced by ) , every day is filled with adventure , danger and intrigue , at least until the cameras stop rolling .
When the canine star of a hit TV show is accidentally shipped from his Hollywood soundstage to New York City , he begins his biggest adventure yet , a cross-country journey through the real world .
Armed only with the delusions that all his amazing feats and powers are real , and with the help of two unlikely traveling companions , a jaded , abandoned housecat named Mittens ( voiced by ) , and TV - obsessed hamster in a plastic ball named Rhino , Bolt discovers he does n’t need superpowers to be a hero .
brings her vocal talents to the role of Penny , Bolt ’s human co-star on the television series .
will be making his directorial debut with “ Bolt , ” but has previously wrote scripts for other Disney films like “ Mulan ” and “ The Emperor ’s New Groove . ” [ flv ]
http://cdn.springboard.gorillanation.com/storage/ropeofsilicon.com/conversion/505.flv[/flv]
“ Bolt ” opens to theaters November 21th .
MIT engineers report a new approach to identifying protein structures key to Alzheimer 's disease , an important step toward the development of new drugs that could prevent such structures from forming .
In the Aug. 22 issue of PLoS Computational Biology , the researchers describe one such structure uncovered using a new computer - based technique .
Collin M. Stultz , the leader of the work and the W.M. Keck Associate Professor of Biomedical Engineering
in the Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science , noted that the same general approach could also be applied to certain proteins associated with cancer .
Alzheimer 's disease is the most common form of dementia , affecting some five million Americans , according to the Alzheimer 's Association .
And due to the growing elderly population , that number " is expected to reach a staggering 13.2 million by 2050 , " said Stultz , who is also affiliated with the Harvard - MIT Division of Health Sciences and Technology ( HST ) and MIT 's Research Laboratory of Electronics .
Existing therapies , he continued , " do not adequately slow the rate of neurodegeneration in Alzheimer 's patients .
As such , there is an urgent need to develop new treatments for Alzheimer 's dementia . "
Stultz 's approach to the problem combines his background in engineering and medicine ( he holds a PhD and MD , and is a practicing cardiologist with appointments at Brigham and Women 's Hospital and the West Roxbury Veterans Administration Hospital ) .
In his work , biochemical experiments inform a novel computer modeling technique aimed at better understanding one type of protein associated with the disease .
Alzheimer 's is characterized by two kinds of proteins — amyloid and tau — that aggregate in the brain .
Stultz and co-author Austin Huang , an HST graduate student , have focused on determining the structure of tau .
But there 's a problem .
" Tau is ' natively unfolded , ' or floppy , so in solution it moves around a lot and can adopt many different structures , " Stultz said , much like the individual strands in a bowl of cooked spaghetti .
Contrast that to the vast majority of other proteins , whose individual strands have similar structures , like the individual strands of uncooked spaghetti .
" With a ' normal ' protein , " Stultz said , " you can measure the lengths of individual molecules and the average will be a pretty good description of any one . "
Tau molecules , however , " are all over the place — they 're so diverse that it 's difficult to get one measurement that describes all of the possible structures . "
That complicates the hunt for specific tau structures associated with Alzheimer 's ( not all tau is bad ) .
Stultz and Huang approached the problem as engineers , breaking it down into steps .
Using a method they developed called Energy - minima Mapping and Weighting ( EMW ) , they asked a computer to come up with all possible structures of tau that are consistent with an average set of experimental data .
" We generated lots and lots of structures for both normal tau and a mutant form " associated with an increased risk for Alzheimer 's , Stultz said .
By comparing the two sets , the researchers found one structure that was more common in the mutant form — and therefore likely to " play a role in the pathologic process . "
That structure , in turn , could then become the target for a new drug .
Stultz notes that the current work focused on one tau mutant associated with Alzheimer 's , but there are several others .
So eventually he hopes to use EMW to create " a list of all types of suspect conformations for known tau mutants .
Then , from that list , we can design drugs for each . "
Source : Massachusetts Institute of Technology
Honoring Helen Thomas Eric Brewer
Published : Monday August 4 , 2008
Print This Email This Helen Thomas , the grande dame of the White House press corps , turns 88 today .
That 's cause for celebration .
But sadly , the woman who got her first reporting job four years before the current president was born  and who has been performing enhanced interrogations on him and his press secretaries for the last seven years  has not yet reappeared in the briefing room since she became ill in May .
On July 17 , Ann Compton , president of the White House Correspondents Association , reported that Helen had been released from the hospital and was building up her strength for her return to work .
For the sake of the country , let 's hope that happens soon .
Born in Kentucky , Helen was raised in Detroit by illiterate parents who had immigrated from Tripoli , in what is now Lebanon .
As she explained in a recent interview on the Australian TV talk show Enough Rope , her parents had originally considered themselves Syrian , but their hometown ended up as part of Lebanon when Britain and France divvied up the Middle East after World War I .
In that same interview , Helen said that she caught the reporting bug after one of her high school English compositions was printed in the paper .
She joined her high school newspaper and found that the sight of her byline was such an ego boost that she exclaimed , " My God , this is it ! "
" Fame at last , " she joked to the show host .
Helen graduated from Wayne State University in 1942 , came to Washington , looked for work at newspapers , but ended up taking a job as a hostess in a restaurant .
That did n't work out so well , she says , because she did n't smile enough .
She was about to be fired from the restaurant when a job as a copyboy for the old Washington Daily News opened up .
She was soon promoted to cub reporter and has never looked back .
By 1961 , as John Kennedy was taking office , she had worked her way up to being UPI 's White House correspondent .
She has covered every President since a total of nine administrations .
Helen may be most famous for her Watergate - era stories based on information she received in middle - of - the - night phone calls from Martha Mitchell , wife of Nixon 's Attorney General John Mitchell .
On August 26 , 1973 , Thomas reported that Martha told her that she had seen a Nixon campaign strategy book that included plans for Watergate - style operations .
In my three years of attending White House briefings , I 've had the privilege of seeing Helen in action as she deals almost single - handedly with the most secretive and deceptive administration ever .
One of my favorite exchanges of hers was this one she had with Scott McClellan on February 9 , 2006 : HELEN THOMAS :
Why did you go into Iraq ?
MR .
McCLELLAN : Well , the President is -- HELEN THOMAS :
There were no terrorists .
MR .
McCLELLAN : I 'm not trying to relitigate what we 've -- the decisions that were already made .
HELEN THOMAS : I am .
I was also there on March 21 , 2006 , when Bush called on her for the first time in three years .
She prefaced her question with the warning , " You 're going to be sorry , " and then asked him what his " real reason " was for going to war in Iraq .
He has n't called on her since .
One reporter caught a glimpse of the seating chart they gave Bush for a press conference , and there was a big black X through Helen 's seat .
Helen 's combative style has been criticized by both right - wingers and the mainstream media ( I know , hard to tell the difference sometimes ) .
Slate 's media critic Jack Shafer , for example , complained that Helen does n't ask questions , she gives speeches , and that " she ends up taking the air out of the room for intelligent criticism of the president and helps make the press corps look like a Saturday Night Live skit . "
But in the same piece , Shafer admits that the Bush administration 's contempt for and stonewalling of the press is the real problem : " Ari Fleischer has lobotomized the White House press corps in official briefings by jawing more and more and saying less and less .
( The smarter reporters play hooky these days rather than endure Fleischer obfuscations ) . "
So if the " smarter reporters " have given up , who 's going to provide that " intelligent criticism of the president " that Shafer bemoans the lack of ?
And anyway , in my book Helen Thomas is smarter than all of them .
On April 30 of this year , I sat next to Helen at a briefing at which current Press Secretary Dana Perino ignored me , as she usually does , until Les Kinsolving of World Net Daily publicly shamed her into letting me ask a question .
Afterwards , Helen and I talked for a while about the critical state of adversarial journalism in the Bush era .
Helen advised me not to give up to keep coming to briefings , keep trying to be heard .
Shortly thereafter , Helen became ill and stopped showing up in the briefing room .
After a month or so , desperate to ask a question about the President 's involvement in the Pentagon 's military analyst scandal , and not knowing that " its the only seat that traditionally is left vacant if unoccupied , " I dared to sit in Helen 's front row seat a few times , hoping it would improve my chances of getting called on .
The strategy worked , but the last time I employed it , two establishment reporters , one from CBS Radio and one from the AP , came up to me afterwards and told me that I should n't sit in Helen 's chair .
They said that White House journalists have honored her by letting her keep her seat in the middle of the front row , even though she 's now an opinion writer and no longer a straight news journalist .
They also said that it was especially important to honor her by not usurping her seat during her illness .
One of the guys appeared to be livid with anger .
The other just sneered in contempt .
I consulted with Ann Compton , President of the WHCA , and she endorsed her colleagues ' opinion that it was disrespectful of me to sit in Helen 's seat .
I asked Ann for advice on how to get heard , and she suggested that I submit the topic I want to ask about to Ms. Perino in advance of the briefings , presumably to allow the press secretary to assure herself that my question wo n't be too hard to answer .
I do n't know .
I think that continuing to ask the White House tough and surprising questions is a better way to honor Helen Thomas .
But I also know that Helen is very proud of her position in the front row at the White House .
So I 'm going to hold off unless Helen tells me it 's OK with her .
For now , I just hope that she 's feeling better and back in the briefing room soon .
The preceding article was a White House report from Eric Brewer , who will periodically attend White House press briefings for Raw Story .
Brewer is also a contributor at BTC News .
He was the first reporter to ask about the Downing Street memo and the Pentagon analysts scandal at White House briefings .
Click to viewA year ago , MIT student Star Simpson arrived at an airport wearing an LED sweatshirt .
And while this sweatshirt was not much different than LED apparel we 've featured on Gizmodo before , Simpson was tackled by security before going through months of media attacks and court processes to clear her name .
In an absolutely superb interview , Simpson takes BoingBoing ( and now you ) through the entire story .
Watch it over your lunch if you need to , but definitely give it a few minutes of your time .
And from now on , only wear your finest name - brand Wal - Mart attire when traveling .
[ boingboing ]
Advertisement
Gone are the days when potential employers expect you to hop on a plane across the country for an interview .
Say hello to the video interview !
If you ’re shaking in your boots , you ’re not alone .
Many people are very uncomfortable on video but there are things you can do to calm yourself and make sure you look like a pro on your video interviews .
Continue reading this article for the best tips for video interviewing .
1. Testing 1,2,3
Assuming your technology is going to work perfectly without testing is the kiss of death .
Remember Murphy ’s law ?
It ’s in full effect and what can go wrong with your technology will go wrong — right when it matters most !
Check to make sure your internet is working , your camera ’s lens is clear of dust and ready to go and check your microphone to make sure you ’re coming in loud and clear .
2. Power Up
If you plan on using your laptop or iPad to do your interview , make sure it ’s charged .
Never assume the charge .
Check the charge .
You do n’t want to have to scurry for a power cord to keep the interview going .
3. Pants Optional ?
We Think Not
Whether you ’re on a live video or you ’re posting a recorded video on a site like alcamiinteractive.com , we recommend you wear pants .
Even if the video camera ca n’t see you from the waist down , when you ’re dressed to impressed , you feel more confident .
Just give it a try and see how you feel .
You only have one time to make a first impression , so put on the pants .
4. Get Rid of Distractions
Try not to do an interview in a place where people or pets are going to be walking behind you .
Having moving people or pets in the background can be very distracting to the person that is interviewing you .
Also , try to avoid sitting where you ’re facing a window and able to look out .
Birds , cars , people and anything else will catch your eye and make you look like you ’re nervous and shifty .
5. Do n’t Wing It
If you get overconfident , you might bomb the interview .
Even if you ’re feeling good about the interview , make notes and practice before you get started .
Have a friend pretend to be the interviewer so you can get comfortable answering questions on camera .
You can also do multiple takes on a video and see how you look on video and if there is anything in the frame that you might want to change .
Preparation is key for a great video interview , so take the time to prepare for your interview , and your short interview can be an impactful and positive experience .
You ’re a Video Interview Master
Now that you know more about how to do a video interview successfully , you can approach the challenge with confidence .
Do you need more instruction and inspiration before you turn on the camera ?
Our site is full of articles that can help you through business and life in general .
Browse our site , find a couple of helpful articles and bookmark them to come back later for more great reads .
First published Tue Aug 28 , 2001 ; substantive revision Thu Dec 13 , 2018
All of us engage in and make use of valid reasoning , but the reasoning we actually perform differs in various ways from the inferences studied by most ( formal ) logicians .
Reasoning as performed by human beings typically involves information obtained through more than one medium .
Formal logic , by contrast , has thus far been primarily concerned with valid reasoning which is based on information in one form only , i.e. , in the form of sentences .
Recently , many philosophers , psychologists , logicians , mathematicians , and computer scientists have become increasingly aware of the importance of multi-modal reasoning and , moreover , much research has been undertaken in the area of non-symbolic , especially diagrammatic , representation systems . [ 1 ]
This entry outlines the overall directions of this new research area and focuses on the logical status of diagrams in proofs , their representational function and adequacy , different kinds of diagrammatic systems , and the role of diagrams in human cognition .
Diagrams or pictures probably rank among the oldest forms of human communication .
They are not only used for representation but can also be used to carry out certain types of reasoning , and hence play a particular role in logic and mathematics .
However , sentential representation systems ( e.g. , first - order logic ) have been dominant in the modern history of logic , while diagrams have largely been seen as only of marginal interest .
Diagrams are usually adopted as a heuristic tool in exploring a proof , but not as part of a proof .
[ 2 ]
It is a quite recent movement among philosophers , logicians , cognitive scientists and computer scientists to focus on different types of representation systems , and much research has been focussed on diagrammatic representation systems in particular .
Challenging a long - standing prejudice against diagrammatic representation , those working on multi-modal reasoning have taken different kinds of approaches which we may categorize into three distinct groups .
One branch of research can be found in philosophy of mind and cognitive science .
Since the limits of linguistic forms are clear to those who have been working on mental representation and reasoning , some philosophers and cognitive scientists have embraced this new direction of multi-modal reasoning with enthusiasm and have explored human reasoning and mental representation involving non-linguistic forms ( Cummins 1996 ; Chandrasekaran et al. 1995 ) .
Another strand of work on diagrammatic reasoning shows that there is no intrinsic difference between symbolic and diagrammatic systems as far as their logical status goes .
Some logicians have presented case studies to prove that diagrammatic systems can be sound and complete in the same sense as symbolic systems .
This type of result directly refuted a widely - held assumption that diagrams are inherently misleading , and abolished theoretical objections to diagrams being used in proofs ( Shin 1994 ; Hammer 1995a ) .
A third direction in multi-modal reasoning has been taken by computer scientists , whose interest is much more practical than those of the other groups .
Not so surprisingly , those working in many areas in computer science — for example , knowledge representation , systems design , visual programming , GUI design , and so on — found new and exciting opportunities in this new concept of ‘ heterogeneous system ’ and have implemented diagrammatic representations in their research areas .
We have the following goals for this entry .
First of all , we would like to acquaint the reader with the details of some specific diagrammatic systems .
At the same time , the entry will address theoretical issues , by exploring the nature of diagrammatic representation and reasoning in terms of expressive power and correctness .
The case study of the second section will not only satisfy our first goal but also provide us with solid material for the more theoretical and general discussion in the third section .
The fourth section presents another case study and considers it in light of the third section ’s general discussion .
As mentioned above , the topic of diagrams has attracted much attention with important results from many different research areas .
Hence , our fifth section aims to introduce various approaches to diagrammatic reasoning taken in different areas .
For further discussion , we need to clarify two related but distinct uses of the word ‘ diagram ’ : diagram as internal mental representation and diagram as external representation .
The following quotation from Chandrasekaran et al. ( 1995 : p. xvii ) succinctly sums up the distinction between internal versus external diagrammatic representations :
External diagrammatic representations :
These are constructed by the agent in a medium in the external world ( paper , etc ) , but are meant as representations by the agent .
Internal diagrams or images :
These comprise the ( controversial ) internal representations that are posited to have some pictorial properties .
As we will see below , logicians focus on external diagrammatic systems , the imagery debate among philosophers of mind and cognitive scientists is mainly about internal diagrams , and research on the cognitive role of diagrams touches on both forms .
The dominance of sentential representation systems in the history of modern logic has obscured several important facts about diagrammatic systems .
One of them is that several well - known diagrammatic systems were available as a heuristic tool before the era of modern logic .
Euler circles , Venn diagrams , and Lewis Carroll ’s squares have been widely used for certain types of syllogistic reasoning ( Euler 1768 ; Venn 1881 ; Carroll 1896 ) .
Another interesting , but neglected , story is that a founder of modern symbolic logic , Charles Peirce , not only revised Venn diagrams but also invented a graphical system , Existential Graphs , which has been proven to be equivalent to a predicate language ( Peirce 1933 ; Roberts 1973 ; Zeman 1964 ) .
These existing diagrams have inspired those researchers who have recently drawn our attention to multi-modal representation .
Logicians who participate in the project have explored the subject in two distinct ways .
First , their interest has focused exclusively on externally - drawn representation systems , as opposed to internal mental representations .
Second , their aim has been to establish the logical status of a system , rather than to explain its heuristic power , by testing the correctness and the expressive power of selective representation systems .
If a system fails to justify its soundness or if its expressive power is too limited , a logician ’s interest in that language will fade ( Sowa 1984 ; Shin 1994 ) .
In this section , we examine the historical development of Euler and Venn diagrams as a case study to illustrate the following aspects :
First , this process will show us how one mathematician ’s simple intuition about diagramming syllogistic reasoning has gradually been developed into a formal representation system .
Second , we will observe different emphases given to different stages of extension and modification of a diagrammatic system .
Thirdly and relatedly , this historical development illustrates an interesting tension and trade - off between the expressive power and visual clarity of diagrammatic systems .
Most importantly , the reader will witness logicians tackle the issue of whether there is any intrinsic reason that sentential systems , but not diagrammatic systems , could provide us with rigorous proofs , and their success in answering this question in the negative .
Hence , the reader will not be surprised by the following conclusion drawn by Barwise and Etchemendy , the first logicians to launch an inquiry into diagrammatic proofs in logic ,
there is no principled distinction between inference formalisms that use text and those that use diagrams .
One can have rigorous , logically sound ( and complete ) formal systems based on diagrams .
( Barwise & Etchemendy 1995 : 214 )
This conviction was necessary for the birth of their innovative computer program Hyperproof , which adopts both first - order languages and diagrams ( in a multi- modal system ) to teach elementary logic courses ( Barwise & Etchemendy 1993 and Barwise & Etchemendy 1994 ) .
Leonhard Euler , an 18th century mathematician , adopted closed curves to illustrate syllogistic reasoning ( Euler 1768 ) .
The four kinds of categorical sentences are represented by him as shown in Figure 1 .
Figure 1 : Euler Diagrams
For the two universal statements , the system adopts spatial relations among circles in an intuitive way :
If the circle labelled ‘ A ’ is included in the circle labelled ‘ B , ’ then the diagram represents the information that all A is B .
If there is no overlapping part between two circles , then the diagram conveys the information that no A is B .
This representation is governed by the following convention : [ 3 ]
Every object x in the domain is assigned a unique location , say l(x ) , in the plane such that l(x ) is in region R if and only if x is a member of the set that the region R represents .
The power of this representation lies in the fact that an object being a member of a set is easily conceptualized as the object falling inside the set , just as locations on the page are thought of as falling inside or outside drawn circles .
The system ’s power also lies in the fact that no additional conventions are needed to establish the meanings of diagrams involving more than one circle : relationships holding among sets are asserted by means of the same relationships holding among the circles representing them .
The representations of the two universal statements , ‘ All Aare B ’ and ‘ No A is B , ’ illustrate this strength of the system .
Moving on to two existential statements , this clarity is not preserved .
Euler justifies the diagram of “ Some A is B ” saying that we can infer visually that something in A is also contained in B since part of area A is contained in area B ( Euler 1768 : 233 ) .
Obviously , Euler himself believed that the same kind of visual containment relation among areas can be used in this case as well as in the case of universal statements .
However , Euler ’s belief is not correct and this representation raises a damaging ambiguity .
In this diagram , not only is part of circle A contained in area B ( as Euler describes ) , but the following are true : ( i ) part of circle B is contained in area A ( ii ) part of circle A is not contained in circle B ( iii ) part of circle B is not contained in circle A .
That is , the third diagram could be read off as “ Some B is A , ” “ Some A is not B , ” and “ Some B is not A ” as well as “ Some A is B . ”
In order to avoid this ambiguity , we need to set up several more conventions . [ 4 ]
Euler ’s own examples nicely illustrate the strengths and weaknesses of his diagrammatic system .
Example 1 . All A are B. All C are A .
Therefore , all C are B .
Example 2 . No A is B. All C are B .
Therefore , no C is A .
In both examples , the reader can easily infer the conclusion , and this illustrates visually powerful features of Euler diagrams .
However , when existential statements are represented , things become more complicated , as explained above .
For instance :
Example 3 . No A is B. Some C is A .
Therefore , Some C is not B .
No single diagram can represent the two premises , since the relationship between sets B and C can not be fully specified in one single diagram .
Instead , Euler suggests the following three possible cases :
Euler claims that the proposition ‘ Some C is not B ’ can be read off from all these diagrams .
However , it is far from being visually clear how the first two cases lead a user to reading off this proposition , since a user might read off “ No C is B ” from case 1 and “ All B is C ” from case 2 .
Hence , the representation of existential statements not only obscures the visual clarity of Euler Circles but also raises serious interpretational problems for the system .
Euler himself seemed to recognize this potential problem and introduced a new syntactic device , ‘*’ ( representing non-emptiness ) as an attempt to repair this flaw ( 1768 : Letter 105 ) .
However , a more serious drawback is found when this system fails to represent certain compatible ( that is , consistent ) pieces of information in a single diagram .
For example , Euler ’s system prevents us from drawing a single diagram representing the following pairs of statements : ( i ) “ All A are B ” and “ No A is B ” ( which are consistent if A is an empty set ) .
( ii ) “ All A are B ” and “ All B are A ” ( which are consistent when A = B ) .
( iii ) “ Some A is B ” and “ All A are B ” .
( Suppose we drew an Euler diagram for the former proposition and try to add a new compatible piece of information , i.e. , the latter , to this existing diagram . )
This shortcoming is closely related to Venn ’s motivation for his own diagrammatic system ( see Section 3.1 for other shortcomings of Euler ’s system ) .
Venn ’s criticism of Euler Circles is summarized in the following passage :
The weak point in this [ Euler diagrams ] , and in all similar schemes , consists in the fact that they only illustrate in strictness the actual relation of classes to each other , rather than the imperfect knowledge of these relations which we may possess , or may wish to convey by means of the proposition .
( Venn 1881 : 510 )
Because of its strictness , Euler ’s system sometimes fails in representing consistent pieces of information in a single diagram , as shown above .
In addition to this expressive limitation , Euler ’s system also suffers other kinds of expressive limitations with respect to non-empty sets , due to topological restrictions on plane figures ( see Section 3.1 ) .
Venn ’s new system ( 1881 ) was to overcome these expressive limitations so that partial information can be represented .
The solution was his idea of ‘ primary diagrams ’ .
A primary diagram represents all the possible set - theoretic relations between a number of sets , without making any existential commitments about them .
For example , Figure 2 shows the primary diagram about sets A and B .
Figure 2 : Venn ’s Primary diagrams
According to Venn ’s system , this diagram does not convey any specific information about the relation between these two sets .
This is the major difference between Euler and Venn diagrams .
For the representation of universal statements , unlike the visually clear spatial containment relations in the case of Euler diagrams , Venn ’s solution is ‘ to shade them [ the appropriate areas ] out ’ ( Venn 1881 : 122 ) .
By using this syntactic device , we obtain diagrams for universal statements as shown in Figure 3 .
Figure 3 : Venn ’s shading
Venn ’s choice of shading might not be absolutely arbitrary in that a shading could be interpreted as a visualization of set emptiness .
However , it should be noted that a shading is a new syntactic device which Euler did not use .
This revision gave flexibility to the system so that certain compatible pieces of information may be represented in a single diagram .
In the following , the diagram on the left combines two pieces of information , “ All A are B ” and “ No A is B , ” to visually convey the information “ Nothing is A . ”
The diagram on the right , which represents both “ All A are B ” and “ All B are A , ” clearly shows that A is the same as B :
In fact , using primary diagrams also avoids some other expressivity problems ( to do with spatial properties of diagram objects ) discussed below , in Section 3 .
Surprisingly , Venn was silent about the representation of existential statements , which was another difficulty of Euler diagrams .
We can only imagine that Venn might have introduced another kind of a syntactic object representing existential commitment .
This is what Charles Peirce did about twenty years later .
Peirce points out that Venn ’s system has no way of representing the following kinds of information : existential statements , disjunctive information , probabilities , and relations .
Peirce aimed to extend Venn ’s system in expressive power with respect to the first two kinds of propositions , i.e. , existential and disjunctive statements .
This extension was completed by means of the following three devices .
( i ) Replace Venn ’s shading representing emptiness with a new symbol , ‘o ’. ( ii ) Introduce a symbol ‘ x ’ for existential import .
( iii )
For disjunctive information , introduce a linear symbol ‘-’ which connects ‘ o ’ and ‘ x ’ symbols .
For example , Figure 4 represents the statement , ‘ All A are B or some A is B’ , which neither Euler ’s nor Venn ’s system can represent in a single diagram .
Figure 4 : A Peirce diagram
The reason that Peirce replaced Venn ’s shading for emptiness with the symbol ‘ o ’ seems to be obvious :
It would not be easy to connect shadings or shadings and ‘x ’s in order to represent disjunctive information .
In this way , Peirce increased the expressive power of the system , but this change was not without its costs .
For example , the following diagram represents the proposition ‘ Either all A are B and some A is B , or no A is B and some B is not A ’ :
Reading off this diagram requires more than reading off visual containment among circles ( as in Euler diagrams ) or shadings ( as in Venn diagrams ) , but also requires extra conventions for reading combinations of the symbols ‘ o , ’ ‘x , ’ and lines .
Peirce ’s new conventions increased the expressive power of single diagrams , but the arbitrariness of its conventions and more confusing representations ( for example , the above diagram ) sacrificed the visual clarity which Euler ’s original system enjoys .
At this point , Peirce himself confesses that ‘ there is a great complexity in the expression that is essential to the meaning ’ ( Peirce 1933 : 4.365 ) .
Thus , when Peirce ’s revision was completed , most of Euler ’s original ideas about visualization were lost , except that a geometrical object ( the circle ) is used to represent ( possibly empty ) sets .
Another important contribution Peirce made to the study of diagrams starts with the following remark :
‘ Rule ’ is here used in the sense in which we speak of the ‘ rules ’ of algebra ; that is , as a permission under strictly defined conditions .
( Peirce 1933 : 4.361 )
Peirce was probably the first person to discuss rules of transformation in a non-sentential representation system .
In the same way that the rules of algebra tell us which transformations of symbols are permitted and which are not , so should the rules of diagram manipulation .
Some of Pierce ’s six rules needed more clarification and turn out to be incomplete — a problem which Peirce himself anticipated .
However , more importantly , Peirce did not have any theoretical tool — a clear distinction between syntax and semantics — to convince the reader that each rule is correct or to determine whether more rules are needed .
That is , his important intuition ( that there could be transformation rules for diagrams ) remained to be justified .
Shin ( 1994 ) follows up Peirce ’s work in two directions .
One is to improve Peirce ’s version of Venn diagrams , and the other is to prove the soundness and the completeness of this revised system .
Shin ’s work alters
Peirce ’s modifications of Venn diagrams to achieve an increase in expressive power without such a severe loss of visual clarity .
This revision is made in two stages : ( i ) Venn - I : retains Venn ’s shadings ( for emptiness ) , Peirce ’s ‘ x ’ ( for existential import ) and Peirce ’s connecting line between ‘x’s ( for disjunctive information ) .
( ii ) Venn - II : This system , which is proven to be logically equivalent to monadic predicate logic , is the same as Venn - I except that a connecting line between diagrams is newly introduced to display disjunctive information .
Returning to one of Euler ’s examples we will see the contrast among these different versions clearly :
Example 3 . No A is B. Some C is A .
Therefore , Some C is not B .
Euler admits that no single Euler diagram can be drawn to represent the premises , but that three possible cases must be drawn .
Venn ’s system is silent about existential statements .
Now , Peirce ’s and Shin ’s systems represent these two premises in a single diagram as follows :
In the case of Shin ’s diagram , Venn ’s shading convention for emptiness , as opposed to Peirce ’s ‘ o ’ , much more naturally leads the reader to the inference “ Some C is not B ” than in the case of Peirce ’s diagram .
However , Venn - I cannot express disjunctive information between universal statements or between universal and existential statements .
Retaining Venn - I ’s expressive power , Venn - II allows diagrams to be connected by a line .
Peirce ’s confusing looking diagram above is equivalent to the following Venn - II diagram :
In addition to this revision , Shin ( 1994 ) presented each of these two systems as a standard formal representation system equipped with its own syntax and semantics .
The syntax tells us which diagrams are acceptable , that is , which are well - formed , and which manipulations are permissible in each system .
The semantics defines logical consequences among diagrams .
Using these tools , it is proven that the systems are sound and complete , in the same sense that some symbolic logics are .
This approach has posed a fundamental challenge to some of the assumptions held about representation systems .
Since the development of modern logic , important concepts , e.g. , syntax , semantics , inference , logical consequence , validity , and completeness , have been applied to sentential representation systems only .
However , none of these turned out to be intrinsic to these traditional symbolic logics only .
For any representation system , whether it is sentential or diagrammatic , we can discuss two levels , a syntactic and a semantic level .
What inference rules tell us is how to manipulate a given unit , whether symbolic or diagrammatic , to another .
The definition of logical consequence is also free from any specific form of a representation system .
The same argument goes for the soundness and the completeness proofs .
When a system is proven to be sound , we should be able to adopt it in proofs .
In fact , much current research explores the use of diagrams in automated theorem proving ( see Barker - Plummer & Bailin 1997 ; and Jamnik et al. 1999 ) .
It is interesting and important to notice that the gradual changes made from Euler Circles through to Shin ’s systems share one common theme : to increase both the expressive and logical power of the system so that it is sound , complete , and logically equivalent to monadic predicate logic .
The main revision from Euler to Venn diagrams , introducing primary diagrams , allows us to represent partial knowledge about relations between sets .
The extension from Venn to Peirce diagrams is made so that existential and disjunctive information may be represented more effectively .
Both Venn and Peirce adopted the same kind of solution in order to achieve these improvements : to introduce new syntactic objects , that is , shadings by Venn , and ‘x ’s , ‘o ’s , and lines by Peirce .
However , on the negative side , these revised systems suffer from a loss of visual clarity , as seen above , mainly because of the introduction of more arbitrary conventions .
The modifications from Peirce to Shin diagrams concentrate on restoring visual clarity , but without loss of expressive power .
Hammer and Shin take a different path from these revisions :
To revive Euler ’s homomorphic relation between circles and sets — containment among circles represents the subset relation among sets , and non-overlapping of regions represents the disjoint relation — and at the same time , to adopt Venn ’s primary diagrams by default .
On the other hand , this revised Euler system is not a self - sufficient tool for syllogistic reasoning , since it cannot represent existential statements .
For more details of this revised system , refer to ( Hammer & Shin 1998 ) .
This case study raises an interesting question for further research on diagrammatic reasoning .
Throughout the different developments of Euler diagrams , increasing its expressive power and enhancing its visual clarity seem to be complementary to each other .
Depending on purposes , we need to give priority to one over the other .
Hammer and Shin ’s alternative system provides a simple model for the development of other efficient non-sentential representational systems , a topic that has been receiving increasing attention in computer science and cognitive science .
While it is often possible to afford diagrams the same logical status as formulae ( as argued above ) , there are still important differences ( which can have ramifications for correctness of the system ) between diagrams and traditional linear proof calculi .
An important point to note about diagrams ( cf. Russell 1923 ) is that spatial relations between objects in a diagram can be used to represent relations between objects in some other domain .
Sequential languages ( e.g. , symbolic logics , natural languages ) , however , use only the relation of concatenation to represent relations between objects .
The peculiar representational use of spatial relations in the case of diagrams is direct and intuitive , as seen in the development of Euler Diagrams above , but also has its perils — as we shall discuss .
Spatial constraints , being peculiar to diagrammatic systems , can be expected to be an important source of both their strengths and weaknesses .
Psychological considerations concerning human capacities for visual processing of information , and skill at qualitative spatial reasoning , also have ramifications for the effectiveness of reasoning with diagrams , but we shall not survey them here .
A particular distinguishing feature of diagrams is that they obey certain “ nomic ” or “ intrinsic ” constraints due to their use of plane surfaces as a medium of representation .
The idea is that sentential languages are based on acoustic signals which are sequential in nature , and so must have a compensatingly complex syntax in order to express certain relationships — whereas diagrams , being two - dimensional , are able to display some relationships without the intervention of a complex syntax ( Stenning & Lemon 2001 ) .
Diagrams exploit this possibility — the use of spatial relations to represent other relations .
The question is ; how well can spatial relations and objects represent other ( possibly more abstract ) objects and relations ?
Logical reasoning with diagrams is often carried out in virtue of their depiction of all possible models of a situation , up to topological equivalence of the diagrams ( this , of course , depends on the particular diagrammatic system in use ) .
A single diagram is often an abstraction over a class of situations , and once a suitable diagram has been constructed , inferences can simply be read off the representation without any further manipulation .
In some diagrammatic systems ( e.g. , Euler Circles ) inference is carried out by constructing diagrams correctly and reading information off them .
The complexity of using inference rules in a symbolic logic is , in these cases , replaced by the problem of drawing particular diagrams correctly .
[ 5 ]
For instance , an Euler Circles diagram ventures to capture relationships between sets using topological relationships between plane regions in such a way that that it depicts all the possible ways that a certain collection of set - theoretic statements could be true .
This has two important consequences : ( 1 ) if a certain diagram cannot be drawn then the described situation must be impossible ( termed “ self - consistency ” ) , and ( 2 ) if a certain relationship between diagram objects must be drawn , then the corresponding relation can be inferred as logically valid .
( See the numerous examples in Section 2 . )
This phenomenon is often termed a “ free- ride ” ( Barwise & Shimojima 1995 ) .
This style of diagrammatic reasoning is thus dependent on a particular representational use of diagrams — that they represent classes of models .
If a particular class of models cannot be represented by a diagrammatic system , then those cases will not be taken into account in inferences using the system , and incorrect inferences might be drawn .
This fact makes the representational adequacy of diagrammatic systems , restricted by their spatial nature , of paramount importance , as we shall now explore .
The representational use of the spatial relations in the plane constrains diagrammatic representation , and therefore reasoning with diagrams , in certain important ways .
In particular , there are topological and geometrical ( let us lump them together as “ spatial ” ) properties of diagrammatic objects and relations which limit the expressive power of diagrammatic systems .
For instance , in graph theory it is known that some simple structures cannot be drawn in the plane .
For example , the graph K 5 is the graph consisting of 5 nodes , each joined to the other by an arc .
This graph is non-planar , meaning that it can not be drawn without at least two of the arcs crossing .
This is just the sort of constraint on possible diagrams that limits the expressive power of diagrammatic systems .
Now , since diagrammatic reasoning can occur by enumeration of all possible models of a situation , this representational inadequacy ( a type of incompleteness ) renders many diagrammatic systems incorrect if they are used for logical reasoning ( e.g. , see the critique of Englebretsen 1992 in Lemon & Pratt 1998 ) .
Perhaps the most simple example of this is due to Lemon and Pratt [ 6 ] ( see e.g. , 1997 ) .
Consider Euler Circles — where convex regions of the plane represent sets , and overlap of the regions represents non-empty intersection of the corresponding sets .
A result of convex topology known as Helly ’s Theorem states ( for the 2 dimensional case ) that if every triple of 4 convex regions has a non-empty intersection then all four regions must have a non-empty intersection .
To understand the ramifications of this , consider the following problem :
Example 4 . Using Euler Circles , represent the following premises : A ∩ B ∩ C ≠ ∅
B ∩ C ∩ D ≠ ∅
C ∩ D ∩ A ≠ ∅
Note that , in terms of set - theory , only trivial consequences follow from these premises .
However , an Euler diagram of the premises , such as Figure 5 , leads to the incorrect conclusion that A ∩ B ∩ C ∩ D ≠ ∅ ( due to the quadruple overlap region in the centre of the diagram ) :
Figure 5 : An Euler ’s Circles representation exhibiting Helly ’s Theorem
In other words , a user of Euler Circles is forced [ 7 ] to represent a relationship between the sets which is not logically necessary .
This means both that there are logically possible situations which the system cannot represent , and that a user would make incorrect inferences if they relied on the system for reasoning .
More generally , this type of result can be generated for many different types of diagrammatic system , depending on the particular spatial relations and objects which they use in representation — a research programme which is ongoing .
For example , using non-convex regions ( e.g. , “ blobs ” instead of circles ) leads to a similar problem , only that non-planar graphs are involved instead of Helly ’s Theorem .
A similar result concerns linear diagrams for syllogisms Englebretsen 1992 , where lines are used to represent sets , points represent individuals , point - line intersection represents set - membership , and intersection of lines represents set - intersection .
Again , planarity constraints restrict the expressive power of the system and lead to incorrect inferences .
Atsushi Shimojima ’s “ constraint hypothesis ” perhaps best sums all this up :
Representations are objects in the world , and as such they obey certain structural constraints that govern their possible formation .
The variance in inferential potential of different modes of representation is largely attributable to different ways in which these structural constraints on representations match with the constraints on targets of representation ( Shimojima 1996a , 1999 ) .
As discussed above , much of the interest in diagrams has been generated by the claim that they are somehow more “ effective ” than traditional logical representations for certain types of task .
Certainly , for example , a map is a greater aid to navigation than a verbal description of a landscape .
However , while there are certainly psychological advantages to be gained through the use of diagrams , they are ( as in the case of Euler Circles ) often ineffective as representations of abstract objects and relationships .
Once a purely intuitive notion , non-psychological claims about “ efficacy ” of diagrammatic systems can be examined in terms of standard formal properties of languages ( Lemon et al. 1999 ) .
In particular , many diagrammatic systems are self - consistent , incorrect , and incomplete , and complexity of inference with the diagrams is NP - hard .
By way of contrast , most sentential logics , while able to express inconsistencies , are complete and correct [ 8 ] .
On the other hand , not being able to represent contradictions could provide us with interesting insights about the nature of diagrammatic representation .
If a central goal of a language is to represent the world or a state of affairs , then representing contradictions or tautologies is called into question .
Neither contradictions nor tautologies are part of the world .
How can we draw a picture , or take a picture , of the contradiction that “ it is raining and it is not raining ” ?
How about the picture of the disjunctive information “ it is either raining or not raining ” ?
Now , we seem to be much closer to Wittgenstein ’s classic picture theory of language ( Wittgenstein 1921 ) .
Mathematicians have used , and continue to use , diagrams extensively .
The communication of mathematical concepts and proofs — in textbooks , on blackboards — is not uniformly sentential .
Figures and pictures are common .
In line with the prevailing conception of logic as essentially sentential , however , they are not usually thought to play a role in rigorous mathematical reasoning .
Their use is taken to be limited to enhancing comprehension of a proof .
They are not standardly believed to form any part of the proof itself .
The attitude is well illustrated by the standard assessment of Euclid ’s methodology in the Elements .
In no mathematical subject are diagrams more prominent than in the elementary geometry Euclid develops in the text .
The proofs of the subject seem to be in some sense about the diagrams of triangles and circles that appear with them .
This is especially the case with the geometric proofs of the Elements .
Diagrams for Euclid are not merely illustrative .
Some of his inference steps depend on an appropriately constructed diagram .
On the standard story , these steps indicate gaps in Euclid ’s proofs .
They show how Euclid did not fully carry out the project of developing geometry axiomatically .
Ken Manders set out to explode this story with his seminal work “ The Euclidean diagram ” ( 2008 [ 1995 ] ) .
His analysis of Euclid ’s diagrammatic proof method reveals that Euclid employs diagrams in a controlled , systematic way .
It thus calls into question the common , negative assessment of the rigor of the Elements .
Moreover , the specifics of Manders ’ analysis suggest that the proofs of the text can be understood to adhere to a formal diagrammatic logic .
This was subsequently confirmed by the development of formal diagrammatic systems designed to characterize such a logic .
The first of these was FG ( presented in Miller 2007 ) , followed by the system Eu ( Mumma 2010 ) .
This section is devoted to explicating Manders ’ analysis and the formal systems that have emerged from it .
After a brief survey of how Euclid ’s diagrams have been viewed through the centuries , Manders ’ picture of their role in geometric proofs is presented .
A description of how the systems FG and Eu render this picture in formal terms and characterize a logic of Euclidean diagrams then follows .
The elementary geometry of the Elements was taken to be foundational to mathematics from its inception in ancient Greece until the 19th century .
Accordingly , philosophers concerned with the nature of mathematics found themselves obliged to comment on the diagrammatic proofs of the text .
A central issue , if not the central issue , was the generality problem .
The diagram that appears with a Euclidean proof provides a single instantiation of the type of geometric configurations the proof is about .
Yet properties seen to hold in the diagram are taken to hold of all the configurations of the given type .
What justifies this jump from the particular to the general ?
As an illustration , consider the proof for proposition 16 of book I of the Elements .
The proposition is :
In any triangle , if one of the sides be produced , the exterior angle is greater than either of the interior and opposite angles .
Euclid ’s proof is :
Let ABC be a triangle , and let one side of it BC be produced to D ;
I say that the angle ACD is greater than the interior and opposite angle BAC .
Let AC be bisected at E [ I , 10 ] , and let BE be joined and produced in a straight line to F ;
let EF be made equal to BE [ I,3 ] , and let FC be joined .
Then , since AE is equal to EC , and BE equal to EF , the two sides AE , EB are equal to the two sides CE , EF respectively ; and the angle AEB is equal to the angle FEC [ I , 15 ] .
Therefore the base AB is equal to the base FC , and the triangle ABE is equal to the triangle CFE [ I,4 ] ; therefore the angle BAE is equal to the angle ECF ( which is also the angle ACF ) ;
But the angle ACD is greater than the angle ACF ;
Therefore the angle ACD is greater than BAE .
The proof seems to refer to the parts of the diagram given with the proof .
Nevertheless the proof does not purport to establish something just about the triangle in the diagram , but something about all triangles .
The diagram thus serves to represent , in some way , all triangles .
The role of diagrams as representations is remarked upon by Aristotle in book A , chapter 10 of the Posterior Analytics :
The geometer bases no conclusion on the particular line he has drawn being that which he has described , but [ refers to ] what is illustrated by the figures .
( The translation is by T. Heath , found in Euclid 1956 : vol. I , p.119 )
Aristotle does not in passage confront the question of how the geometer uses diagrams to reason about what they illustrate .
A few centuries later Proclus does in his commentary on the Elements .
Proclus asserts that passing from a particular instance to a universal conclusion is justified because geometers
… use the objects set out in the diagram not as these particular figures , but as figures resembling others of the same sort .
It is not as having such - and - such a size that the angle before me is bisected , but as being rectilinear and nothing more …
Suppose the given angle is a right angle … if I make no use of its rightness and consider only its rectilinear character , the proposition will apply equally to all angles with rectilinear sides .
( A Commentary on the First Book of Euclid ’s Elements , Morrow 1970 : 207 ) )
The place of diagrams in geometry remained an issue into the early modern period .
Major philosophical figures in the 17th and 18th centuries advanced positions on it .
Anticipating the predominate modern view , Leibniz asserts :
… it is not the figures which furnish the proof with geometers , though the style of the exposition may make you think so .
The force of the demonstration is independent of the figure drawn , which is drawn only to facilitate the knowledge of our meaning , and to fix the attention ; it is the universal propositions , i.e. , the definitions , axioms , and theorems already demonstrated , which make the reasoning , and which would sustain it though the figure were not there .
( 1704 New Essays : 403 )
In the introduction to his Principles of Human Knowledge ( 1710 , section 16 ) , Berkeley reiterates 13 centuries later Proclus ’s take on the generality problem .
Though one always has a particular triangle ‘ in view ’ when working through a demonstration about triangles , there is ‘ not the least mention ’ of the particular details of the particular triangle in the demonstration .
The demonstration thus proves , according to Berkeley , a general proposition about triangles .
The most developed , and predictably most complex and difficult , account of geometric diagrams in the modern period can be found in Kant .
Kant saw something of deep epistemological significance in the geometer ’s use of a particular diagram to reason about a geometric concept .
In reasoning in this way , the geometer
considers the concept in concreto , although non-empirically , but rather solely as one it has exhibited a priori , i.e. , constructed , and in which that which follows from the general conditions of the construction must also generally of the object of the constructed concept .
( 1781 , Critique of Pure Reason , A716 / B744 . )
For contrasting views of what passages like these reveal about where diagrams fit in Kant ’s philosophy of geometry , see Shabel 2003 and Friedman 2012 .
In the 19th century geometry and mathematics as a whole underwent a revolution .
Concepts far more abstract and general than those found in the Elements ( e.g. , non-Euclidean geometries , sets ) emerged .
Not only did questions about the nature of Euclid ’s diagrammatic method lose their urgency , the method came to be understood as mathematically flawed .
The latter view found its most precise expression in the groundbreaking work of Moritz Pasch , who provided the first modern axiomatization of elementary geometry in Pasch ( 1882 ) .
In it , Pasch showed how the subject could be developed without reference to diagrams or even to the geometric concepts diagrams instantiate .
The methodological norm guiding the work is nicely expressed in the following often - quoted passage :
In fact , if geometry is genuinely deductive , the process of deducing must be in all respects independent of the sense of the geometrical concepts , just as it must be independent of figures ; only the relations set out between the geometrical concepts used in the propositions ( respectively definitions ) concerned ought to be taken into account .
( Pasch 1882 : 98 ; emphasis in original .
The translation here is from Schlimm 2010 )
The norm has since entrenched itself both in mathematics and in philosophical discussions of mathematics .
It is its entrenchment in the latter that Manders opposes in Manders 2008 [ 1995 ] .
In the account he develops of ancient geometry , the necessity of consulting a diagram in a proof does not indicate a deductive gap .
Rather , diagram and text together form a rigorous and deductive mathematical proof .
To explain the division of labor between text and diagram in ancient geometry , Manders distinguishes between the exact and co-exact properties of geometric diagrams in Manders 2008 [ 1995 ] .
Underlying the distinction is a notion of variation .
The co-exact conditions realized by a diagram ‘ are those conditions which are unaffected by some range of every continuous variation of a specified diagram . ’
Exact conditions , in contrast , are affected once the diagram is subject to the smallest variation .
Roughly , a diagram ’s co-exact properties comprise the ways its parts define a finite set of planar regions , and the containment relations between these regions .
A prominent exact relation is the equality of two magnitudes within a diagram .
For example , only the slightest change to the position of CF in the diagram for proposition 16 is required to make the angles BAE and ECF unequal .
Manders ’ key observation is that Euclid ’s diagrams contribute to proofs only through their co-exact properties .
Euclid never infers an exact property from a diagram unless it follows directly from a co-exact property .
Relations between magnitudes which are not exhibited as a containment are either assumed from the outset or are proved via a chain of inferences in the text .
This can easily be confirmed with the proof of proposition 16 .
The one inference that relies on the diagram is the second to last inference of the proof .
The inference , specifically , is that angle ACD is greater than angle ACF .
This , crucially , is based on seeing from the diagram that angle ACD contains angle ACF .
There are many other relations asserted to hold in the proof .
Though the diagram instantiates them , they are explicitly justified in the text .
And with these relations , the relata are spatially separated magnitudes .
It is not difficult to hypothesize why Euclid would have restricted himself in such a way .
It is only in their capacity to represent co-exact properties and relations that diagrams seem capable of functioning effectively as symbols of proof .
The exact properties of diagrams are too refined to be easily reproducible and to support determinate judgments .
As Manders puts it
The practice has resources to limit the risk of disagreement on ( explicit ) co-exact attributions from a diagram ; but it lacks such resources for exact attributions , and therefore could not allow them without dissolving into a disarray of irresolvably conflicting judgements .
( Manders 2008 [ 1995 ] : 91–92 )
Manders ’ insights lead naturally to the idea that Euclid ’s arguments could be formalized in a manner similar to the way Venn diagrams have been formalized in Shin 1994 .
The co-exact information carried by Euclid ’s diagrams is discrete .
When a diagram is consulted for this information , what matters about it is how its lines and circles partition a bounded planar region into a finite set of sub-regions .
This opens the door to conceptualizing Euclid ’s diagrams as part of the syntax of Euclid ’s proof method .
Realizing this conception in a formal system of proof amounts , as in Shin 1994 , to specifying the syntax and semantics of diagrams .
On the syntactic side , this means defining Euclid ’s diagrams as formal objects precisely , and giving rules whereby diagrams as formal object figure in derivations of Euclid ’s propositions .
On the semantic side , this means specifying how derivable expressions are to be interpreted geometrically , or in other words how exactly are they to be understood as representing Euclid ’s propositions .
The semantic situation with Euclid ’s diagrams is thus different from that with Venn’s .
Venn diagrams are used to prove logical results .
The inferences made with them are topic neutral .
Euclid ’s diagrams on the other hand are used to prove geometrical results .
The inferences made with them are topic specific .
In particular , though the objects of plane Euclidean geometry are abstract ( e.g. , geometric lines are breadthless ) , they are still spatial .
Consequently , issues surrounding the spatiality of diagrams and representational scope do not arise with Euclid ’s diagrams as they do , for instance , with Euler diagrams .
In the case of geometry , in fact , the spatiality of diagrams counts in their favor .
Spatial constraints on what is possible with geometric configurations are also operative with spatial Euclidean diagrams .
Nevertheless , as recognized in the philosophical commentary on Euclid ’s geometry from antiquity onward , there are with Euclidean diagrams issues of representational scope to contend with .
What is the justification for treating properties of a single geometric diagram as representative of all the configurations in the range of a proof ?
How can a single diagram prove a general result ?
Manders ’ exact / co - exact distinction provides the basis for a partial answer .
The co-exact properties of a diagram can be shared by all geometric configurations in the range of a proof , and so in such cases one is justified in reading off co-exact properties from the diagram .
In a proof about triangles for instance , variation among the configurations in the range of the proof is variation of exact properties — e.g. , the measure of the triangles ’ angles , the ratios between their sides .
They all share the same co-exact properties — i.e. , they all consists of three bounded linear regions which together define an area .
This is not a full answer because Euclid ’s proofs typically involve constructions on an initial configuration type .
With the proof of proposition 16 , for example , a construction on a triangle with one side extended is specified .
In such cases , a diagram may adequately represent the co-exact properties of an initial configuration .
But the result of applying a proof ’s construction to the diagram cannot be assumed to represent the co-exact properties of all configurations resulting from the construction .
One does not need to consider complex geometric situations to see this .
Suppose for instance the initial configuration type of a proof is triangle .
Then the diagram
serves to represent the co-exact properties of this type .
Suppose further that the first step of a proof ’s construction is to drop the perpendicular from a vertex of the triangle to the line containing the side opposite the vertex .
Then the result of carrying this step out on the diagram
ceases to be representative .
That the perpendicular falls within the triangle in the diagram is a co-exact feature of it .
But there are triangles with exact properties different from the initial diagram where applying the construction step results in a perpendicular lying outside the triangle .
For example , with the triangle
the result of applying the construction step is
And so , carrying out a Euclidean construction on a representative diagram can result in an unrepresentative diagram .
A central task of formalizing Euclid ’s diagrammatic proofs is accounting for this — i.e. , providing with its rules a method for distinguishing general co-exact features from non-general ones in diagrammatic representations of constructions .
The systems FG and Eu take two different approaches to this task .
Employing the method of FG , one must produce with a diagram every case that could result from the construction .
A general co-exact relation of the construction is then one that appears in every case .
FG ’s demand that every case be produced would , of course , be of a little interest if it did not also provide a method for producing them all .
The method FG provides depends on the fact that lines and circles in the system ’s diagrams are defined in purely topological terms .
Their resulting flexibility makes it possible to formulate and implement in a computer program a general method for generating cases . [ 9 ]
The lines and circles of Eu diagrams are not similarly flexible .
Accordingly , it cannot resolve the generality problem via case - analysis as FG does .
The central idea of its approach is to allow diagrams to hold partial information from the outset .
Within an Eu derivation , the diagram produced by a proof ’s construction has an initial content consisting in all the qualitative relations of the proof ’s initial diagram .
The qualitative relations concerning objects added by the construction cannot be read off the diagram immediately .
Those that can be read off the diagram must be derived by the system ’s rules . [ 10 ]
The differences between the FG and Eu approaches to formalizing Euclid ’s constructions can be understood as representing different general conceptions of the role of diagrams in mathematics .
FG embodies a conception where diagrams concretely realize a range of mathematical possibilities .
They support mathematical inference by furnishing direct access to these possibilities .
Eu in contrast embodies a conception where diagrams serve to represent in a single symbol the various components of a complex mathematical situation .
They support mathematical inference by allowing the mathematical reasoner to consider all these components in one place , and to focus on those components relevant to a proof .
Despite the formal limitations of some diagrammatic systems noted above , many different systems are currently used in a wide variety of contexts ; logic teaching , automated reasoning , specifying computer programs , reasoning about situations in physics , graphical user interfaces to computer programs , and so on .
In general , it is not yet known how effective ( in the above sense ) many of these diagrammatic systems are .
We now give a brief survey of other diagrammatic systems and their uses , as well as the more philosophical issues raised by the debate over the status of diagrammatic reasoning .
It is worth noting that many mathematicians and philosophers proposed diagrammatic systems , often with a didactic motivation .
Some systems , like Lewis Carroll ’s in “ The Game of Logic ” ( 1896 ) are variants on the proposals of Euler and Venn .
Others , like Frege ( 1879 ) , used lines rather than plane regions .
( For a description of Frege ’s notation , see the section on Complex Statements and Generality in the entry on Gottlob Frege .
See also Englebretsen 1992 . )
Carroll ’s system supersedes
Venn ’s in that the complements of sets are explicitly represented as regions of the diagram , rather than being left as the background region against which the circles appear .
This means that Carroll ’s system is able to draw inferences about relations between complements of properties , at the expense of representing some properties as disjoint ( i.e. , non-connected ) regions .
This shift closely mirrors the shift in logic from subject - predicate argumentation to a function - argument representation ( Stenning 1999 ) .
Peirce , a founder of modern quantified logic , also invented a graphical system , called Existential Graphs , which is logically equivalent to predicate logic .
Along with Don Robert ’s pioneering work on Existential Graphs and John Sowa ’s creative application of Peirce ’s graphs , recently a group of diagrammatic researchers provided more diverse approaches to Existential Graphs in a broader theoretical context ( Shin 2003 ) .
On a more practical theme , AI researchers , one of whose main concerns is the heuristic power of representation systems in addition to their expressive power , have been debating about different forms of representation for decades ( Sloman 1971 , 1985 , 1995 ) .
Hence , they have welcomed discussions of the distinct role of visual reasoning and have recently hosted interdisciplinary symposiums on diagrammatic reasoning at AI conferences . [ 11 ]
At the same time , realizing that human beings adopt different representation forms depending on the kinds of problems they face , some AI researchers and design theorists have practiced domain - specific approaches to bringing in problem - tailored representation forms . [ 12 ]
For instance , Harel ( 1988 ) invented higraphs to represent system specifications in computer science .
This idea has been taken up in industrial applications ( e.g. , UML , in Booch et al. 1998 ) .
Barker - Plummer & Bailin ( 1997 ) present a case study in developing computers which can carry out the kind of analogical reasoning that humans perform when proving certain mathematical theorems .
More recently , an interesting result has been presented by Mateja Jamnik of Alan Bundy ’s Mathematical Reasoning Group at Edinburgh ( Jamnik 2001 ) .
Jamnik shows how a semi-automatic formal proof system can perform some of the perceptual inferences which humans find so natural .
For instance , that the sum of the first n odd natural numbers is n squared is easily seen by decomposing an n × n grid into “ ells ” ( Jamnik et al. 1999 ) .
Scholars at the University of Brighton has been carrying out interesting projects both in developing diagrammatic systems and in applying visual tools in software development , see the link in the Other Internet Resources section .
It should also be mentioned that scientists such as chemists and physicists also use diagrams in order to perform certain computations .
Feynman diagrams , for example , are used to perform calculations in sub-atomic physics .
More recently , formal diagrammatic reasoning has been developed for quantum theory ( Coecke & Kissinger 2017 ) .
In Knot Theory ( which has applications in physics , Kauffman 1991 ) the three Reidemeister Moves are diagrammatic operations which make up a complete calculus for proving knots equivalent .
Not surprisingly , Knot diagrams have attracted interest from researchers ( De Toffoli & Giardino 2014 ) .
The crucial role of diagrams and diagrammatic reasoning in the abstract mathematics of category theory has also been investigated ( Halimi 2012 ; De Toffoli 2017 ) .
Do our mental representations have diagram - like or picture - like entities as components ?
This question has a long history both in philosophy and in psychology , independently of each other .
More recently , however , some philosophers have participated in this “ imagery debate ” , one of the most time - honored controversies in psychology , and some cognitive psychologists find certain epistemological theories in philosophy useful to support their views on the issue .
The nature of mental representation has been one of the perennial topics in philosophy , and we can easily trace back philosophical discussions on images and mental representation to ancient times . [ 13 ]
The writings of Hobbes , Locke , Berkeley , and Hume concern themselves in large part with mental discourse , the meaning of words , mental images , particular ideas , abstract ideas , impressions , and so on .
Descartes ’ well - known distinction between imagining and conceiving something has generated much discussion about the unique role of visual images in mental representations .
The development of cognitive science in the 20th century naturally has brought certain group of philosophers and psychologists closer and we find a number of authors whose works easily belong to both disciplines ( Block 1983 ; Dennett 1981 ; Fodor 1981 ) .
Imagery based on introspection was the main focus in the early development of psychology until the behavioristic approach became predominant in the discipline .
During the era of behaviorism , anything related to mental inspection , including images , was excluded from any serious research agenda .
Finally when the topic of mental images made a comeback in psychology in 1960s , researchers adopted a more humble agenda for mental imagery than before :
Not all mental representations involve imagery , and imagery is one of many ways of manipulating information in the mind .
Also , thanks to the influence of behaviorism , it is acknowledged that introspection is not enough to explore imagery , but a claim about mental imagery needs to be confirmable by experiments in order to show that we successfully externalize mental events .
That is , if what a certain mental introspection tells us is genuine , then there would be observable external consequences of that mental state .
Thus the contemporary imagery debate among cognitive scientists is about the claim that picture - like images exist as mental representations and about how we interpret certain experiments . [ 14 ]
Kosslyn ( 1980 , 1994 ) and other pictorialists ( Shepard & Metzler 1971 ) present experimental data to support their position that some of our mental images are more like pictures than a linear form of language ( for example , natural languages or artificial symbolic languages ) in some important aspects , even though not all visual mental images and pictures are of exactly the same kind .
By contrast , Pylyshyn ( 1981 ) and other descriptionalists ( Dennett 1981 ) raise questions about the picture - like status of mental images and argue that mental images are formed out of structured descriptions .
To them , mental images represent in the manner of language rather than pictures and , hence , there are no picture - like visual mental images .
Both sides of the debate sometimes used a philosophical theory as a supporting factor .
For example , pictorialists in the imagery debate found the modern sense - datum theory in philosophy quite close to their point of view .
By the same token , the critics of the sense - datum theory argued that the mistaken pictorial view of mental images arises mainly from our confusion about ordinary language and claimed that mental images are epiphenomena .
Without being heavily involved in the imagery debate , some researchers have focused on a distinct role that diagrams or pictures — as opposed to traditional sentential forms — play in our cognitive activities .
( Shin 2015 ; Hamami & J. Mumma 2013 )
Based on the conjectures that humans adopt diagrammatic or spatial internal mental representations in their reasoning about concrete or abstract situations ( see Howell 1976 ; Sober 1976 ) , some cognitive scientists have concentrated on the functions of images or diagrams in our various cognitive activities , for example , memory , imagination , perception , navigation , inference , problem - solving , and so on .
Here , the distinct nature of “ visual information , ” which is obtained either through internal mental images or through externally drawn diagrams , has become a major topic of research .
Even though most of these works assume that there are mental images ( that is , they accept the pictorialists ’ claim ) , strictly speaking they do not have to commit themselves to the view that these images exist as basic units in our cognition .
Descriptionalists do not have to discard discussions of the functions of images , but only need to add that these images are not primitive units stored in our memory , but formed out of structured descriptions more like the sentences of a language ( see Pylyshyn 1981 ) .
A search for the distinct role of diagrams has led researchers to explore the differences among different forms of external or internal representations , and mainly between diagrammatic and sentential representations .
Many important results have been produced in cognitive science .
Starting from Larkin and Simon ’s classic case study ( 1987 ) to illustrate a difference between informational and computational equivalence among representation systems , Lindsay ’s work locates where this computational difference lies , which he calls a ‘ non- deductive ’ method .
As briefly pointed out above , this inference process is called ‘ free ride ’ by Barwise and Shimojiima ( 1995 ) , i.e. , the kind of an inference in which the conclusion seems to be read off automatically from the representation of premises .
In Gurr , Lee , and Stenning ( 1998 ) and Stenning and Lemon ( 2001 ) , there is an explanation of the uniqueness of diagrammatic inference in terms of a degree of ‘ directness ’ of interpretation , and it is argued that this property is relative , and hence that “ some rides are cheaper than others ” .
Having the role of graphs in mind , Wang and Lee ( 1993 ) present a formal framework as a guideline for correct visual languages .
At this point , we are very close to applied aspects of research in multi-modal reasoning — design theory and AI research — by providing these disciplines with computational support for visual reasoning .
Related to the issue of imagistic mental representation is the examination of the semantics of various diagrammatic systems and what they can teach us about the nature of languages in general ( e.g. , Goodman 1968 ) .
For instance , Robert Cummins ( 1996 ) , amongst others , argues that too little attention has been given to diagrammatic representations and that focus on a notion of “ structural representation ” more akin to diagrammatic representation can help to explicate the nature of representation itself .
We believe that the considerations presented above give us some empirical handle on this type of claim at least — depending on the imagistic objects and relations used , patterns of incorrect inference should be predictable and detectable .
An important , if little - known , article on this theme is Malinas 1991 .
Here Malinas explores the concepts of pictorial representation and “ truth in ” a picture via the notion of resemblance , and considers various semantic puzzles about pictorial representation .
He develops Peacocke ’s “ Central Thesis ” of depiction ( Peacocke 1987 ) , where experienced similarities between properties of pictorial objects and their referents in the visual field give rise to the relation of depiction .
He goes on to provide a formal semantics for pictures which is “ analogous to a semantics for an ideal language ” .
We began by motivating the philosophical interest of diagrams , by way of their role in human reasoning and their relation to the study of language in general , and multi-modal information processing .
We then explained the trade - off between expressive power and visual clarity of diagrammatic systems , by examining the historical development of diagram systems from Euler and Venn , through Peirce ’s work , to recent work by Shin and Hammer .
It was argued that diagrammatic systems can be afforded the same logical status as traditional linear proof calculi .
We then explained some of the potential pitfalls of diagrammatic representation and reasoning , by examining spatial constraints on diagrammatic systems and how they can affect correctness and expressive power .
We closed by surveying other diagrams systems , the interest in diagrams generated in computer science and cognitive science , and gave an introduction to the imagery debate in the philosophy of mind .
Swift Wind Turbine is a quiet , rooftop mounted wind turbine .
Unlike some designs you ’ve seen previously , this one has an outer ring and five blades .
The outer ring acts as a diffuser — the wind travels down the blades and is dispersed along the ring , therefore eliminating noise and keeping the turbine quiet .
The company estimates a noise of less than 35 decibels for all wind speeds .
The 7 foot diameter ring needs a roof line clearance of a couple feet and in good winds , can generate up to 2000 kWh of power ( 1.5 kW @ 14 m /s ) .
If you know how much energy you ’re using , you ’ll see that the Swift Wind Turbine generates about 20 % of the average home ’s power .
At a cost of roughly $ 10 - $ 12 k , it just might be a good idea to let your money do some talking .
Even buy a couple three , maybe , like the above and below images .
Swift is based out of the Grand Rapids , Michigan area .
Via Re-Nest .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The U.S. Senate on Thursday approved $ 161.8 billion in new funds to continue fighting the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan for the next year , without timetables for withdrawing combat troops .
A U.S. soldier of the 1/8 Infantry Battalion keeps watch from the roof of a building during a battlefield circulation patrol in Mosul June 25 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Eduardo Munoz
The House of Representatives passed an identical bill last week .
President George W. Bush is expected to promptly sign the measure into law once he receives it from Congress .
The Senate ’s 92 - 6 vote to pass the war - funding bill marked a victory for Bush , who has vigorously opposed any move by Congress to impose timetables for ending the Iraq war , now in its sixth year .
Democrats , who are the majority party in Congress , repeatedly had tried to set such dates , most recently with a House vote in May calling for troop withdrawals to be completed by December 31 , 2009 .
The new war money could last through mid-2009 , well past Bush ’s departure from office on January 20 .
With this legislation , Democrats can claim victory in winning passage of a significant expansion of veterans ’ education benefits and domestic unemployment benefits .
The new money for combat in Iraq and Afghanistan puts the war tab since late 2001 at more than $ 800 billion , with most of that money going to Iraq .
Congress did attach two conditions on the funds , related to the war in Iraq .
It prohibited the construction of permanent U.S. military bases in Iraq and required Baghdad to match , dollar - for - dollar , U.S. reconstruction aid .
Now that Congress has passed the final war - funding bill of Bush ’s presidency , debate of the Iraq war and how to end it moves to the presidential campaigns being waged by Democrat Barack Obama and Republican John McCain .
Iraq and Afghanistan combat veterans get a huge new benefit with this legislation : A significant expansion of college tuition payments by the government at a cost of about $ 63 billion over 11 years .
Hey folks ,
Just a few words about GreasePocket .
This is a personal side project , and we ’ve been caught a little off guard by the interest .
We appreciate your patience until we have something more substantial to show .
What is GreasePocket ?
GreasePocket is an attempt to bring the features of GreaseMonkey to the iPhone .
What is the status of GreasePocket ?
GreasePocket was developed over three days at iPhoneDevCamp , and it is very much alpha .
It does not support all the features of GreaseMoneky and is NOT currently script compatible with GreaseMonkey .
Our plan is to make it open source , and if you ’re interested in helping please contact us .
When will it be in the App Store ?
At this point , we do n’t know if Apple will even allow it in the AppStore .
Who are you ?
GreasePocket was developed by Ishan Anand and Ajay Kapur .
We work at Next Mobile Web but GreasePocket is a side project and not a company product .
How do I contact you ?
Please email greasepocket@ishan.org for now until we setup a real site .
More info ?
You can view the PowerPoint presentation from iPhoneDevCamp here .
A demonstration video is embedded below .
In the first half of the video , a GreasePocket script is used to insert “ Hello World ” into the query box for Google Mobile .
In the second half of the video , a GreasePocket script is used to add a “ Signature ” button to GMail .
The “ Signature ” button adds “ Sent from my iPhone ” to the end of an email , along with the Google Maps link to the user ’s current location .
If you have trouble viewing the video , a high resolution ( 15 MB ) QuickTime version is here .
Last week , hard plastic baby and water bottles were not considered harmful .
Now , in the eyes of many users , they are toxic .
Yesterday , CVS said it will join Wal - Mart , bottle - maker Nalgene , and other companies in pulling tens of thousands of the shatter - proof , transparent products off store shelves .
Some parents are tossing hiking bottles into the trash , feeding their babies with glass containers , and searching for a safer alternative to see - through sippy cups .
So how dangerous are these bottles ?
And what should consumers do about the risk ?
" The truthful answer is that nobody knows " their full health impact yet , said David Ozonoff , a professor of environmental health at the Boston University School of Public Health .
" And because we do n't know , it 's prudent to avoid something that is avoidable . "
At the heart of the debate is an odorless , tasteless chemical called bisphenol A that is one of the most commonly used synthetic compounds .
It is used to line most canned goods , from soups to soft drinks , to prevent corrosion .
It helps make sunglasses and compact discs durable .
And it strengthens virtually all transparent , light weight hard plastic baby and water bottles .
The chemical has been used for decades , and millions of pounds are produced in the United States each year .
Animal studies have linked exposure to small amounts of bisphenol A to reproductive problems and possible cancers later in life , though the level of risk is unknown .
A small body of research suggests that exposure to the chemical in the uterus could contribute to later obesity .
But chemicals that harm animals are not always bad for humans , particularly in the small amounts to which most people are exposed .
Industry representatives say no study has proved a link between bisphenol A and health problems in humans .
Still , the US National Toxicology Program , part of the Department of Health and Human Services , last week released a draft report on the chemical , saying there was " some concern for neural and behavioral effects in fetuses , infants , and children at current human exposures . "
A few days later , Wal - Mart said it would stop selling baby bottles made with bisphenol A by next year and replace them with a bottle free of the chemical .
Nalgene , the maker of the durable and ubiquitous hiking bottle whose parent company , Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. , is based in Waltham , also said it would replace its bisphenol A bottles in stores .
Last Friday , Health Canada delivered another blow , announcing that the compound was potentially harmful to people , especially newborns and infants .
If no new scientific evidence is brought forward in the next 60 days , officials announced they would ban it from all baby bottles in the country .
" We have concluded that it is better to be safe than sorry , " Tony Clement , the Canadian health minister , told reporters .
Senator Barack Obama might be passing his days on the volcanic islands of Hawaii , but his staff back home is focusing on another mountain : Yucca .
On Saturday , the campaign released a new television spot about the potential storage site for nuclear waste , which , according to the release , will hit airwaves in Las Vegas and Reno on Monday .
The ad cites Senator John McCain ’s support for storing nuclear waste in Nevada ’s Yucca Mountain , then shows an interview clip of Mr. McCain saying he would not be comfortable with nuclear waste traveling through Arizona , and specifically Phoenix , on the way to the storage site .
“ John McCain .
For nuclear waste in Nevada , just not in his back yard , ” the announcer says .
“ Barack Obama .
Opposes Opening Yucca .
He ’ll protect our families . ”
The timing of the spot is intended to coincide with Mr. McCain ’s campaign visit to Nevada this weekend .
He speaks at the Disabled American Veterans convention in Las Vegas Saturday .
Mr. McCain ’s campaign responded by pointing out that Mr. Obama voted twice for a bill in 2005 that would have provided money to fund the disposal site at Yucca .
“ Apparently Barack Obama is also taking a vacation from the facts , ignoring his own votes in support of the Yucca Mountain project , ” said Tucker Bounds , a McCain spokesman , in a press release .
“ Either Barack Obama is too inexperienced to understand that his votes on the floor of the United States Senate are recorded for Americans to review , or he ’s simply showing incredible hypocrisy . ”
However , the bill is , in fact , a sweeping appropriations bill for energy and water development .
Three senators voted against the measure ( five missed the vote ) – Mr. McCain was among those voting nay .
Speaking out on Yucca has made Mr. Obama vulnerable to criticism in the past .
After Mr. Obama joined fellow Democrats in expressing opposition to using the storage facility before the Nevada caucuses in January , Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton ’s campaign questioned his credibility on the issue , pointing to his financial support from employees of Exelon Corporation , the country ’s largest nuclear operator , which supports using Yucca Mountain as a waste site .
“ What part of ‘ I ’m not for Yucca ’ do you not understand ? ” said an exasperated Mr. Obama at the time .
The Times ’s Mike McIntire reported on Mr. Obama ’s experience with Exelon in February .
On 10 September , a first beam of protons will circulate in the LHC .
The first moments in the life of the LHC will be an exciting time for the CERN staff , and will be captured by more than 250 media organizations from all over the world .
The first injection of the beam into the machine will be between 9:00 and 10:00 a. m .
At 9:15 the LHC project leader , Lyn Evans , will give a brief explanation of the day ’s proceedings in French followed by some words from Robert Aymar , CERN Director general .
CERN personnel are invited to follow the first beam day events , which will be shown in the following rooms around CERN :
All day :
Council Chamber , Main Auditorium , IT Auditorium , AB Auditorium Prévessin , Conference Room 40 - S2 - A01 , Conference Room 40 - S2 - C01 .
Afternoon :
AB Auditorium Meyrin , AT Auditorium .
Please note that the event will also be webcast but , given the limited number of connections , this option is intended for use of the public outside CERN .
CERN personnel are encouraged to follow the event from the conference rooms .
( AOL Autos ) -- Price of gas got you crying at the pump ?
Is it eating into your household budget ?
Well , get used to it .
Gas in California , the second worst state , hits $ 4.59 per gallon for regular unleaded in this July 14 photo .
That 's the word on the streets as the price of a gallon of gasoline soars to record highs .
With regional differentials pushing the price much higher in some places , drivers and small - business owners are finding it hard to cope .
But which states ' motorists get the best deal , and in which states do drivers pay the most to fill - up ?
Here come the numbers
Alaska has the highest gas prices in the nation , with a gallon of regular gasoline at $ 4.623 , followed by California at $ 4.583 as of June 30 .
Hawaii , Connecticut and Washington make up the top five states with highest prices , with New York and D.C. not far behind at $ 4.292 and $ 4.160 respectively .
Best states to buy gas ?
Missouri comes out top at $ 3.862 for a gallon of regular , followed by Oklahoma at $ 3.866 , South Carolina , Mississippi and Arkansas .
Iowa , Kansas and Alabama are next in line .
AOL Autos : Cars with 30 + MPG for $ 300 or less per month
Past prices
We use the term ' best states to buy gas ' with this caveat : Back in June 2004 , gas hovered at around $ 1.74 a gallon , according to figures from gasbuddy.com .
Geoff Sundstrom , AAA 's fuel price analyst , said the primary reasons for rising fuel prices are an increase in demand for petroleum products across the globe and a need for investment in refining infrastructure .
" Right now , it is almost impossible to know where oil and gas prices will be in six months to a year , " he said .
" It 's easy to assume that the world economy will continue to grow , we are very clearly at risk of an economic downturn and perhaps a severe economic downturn which could influence the demand side to the point where oil and gas prices may drop .
" In 10 to 20 years out , oil and gasoline will continue to be more expensive .
But given what 's happening in the markets right now , there is some potential that [ the ] demands side of the equation could fall off a cliff . "
AOL Autos : Consumer Reports on best fuel - efficient used cars
Why so expensive in California ?
Marie Montgomery , spokeswoman for the Automobile Club of Southern California , says the primary reason behind the high price of gas in California is " market segmentation , " a marketing term that basically means California ( along with many other states ) has developed a " boutique blend " of fuel in a bid to uphold environmental or ecological standards .
In California 's case , this blend helps clear the state 's notorious smog .
" We can't use gas they made for Iowa .
We use a special blend with additives in it , an ethanol mix , " Montgomery said .
" When you do that , you can only use refineries that make that gas [ mix ] .
The refineries in California are a major supplier , but , when prices are high and there 's not another supplier , we have to go where they make that mix . "
She pointed out that refineries in Oregon and Washington produce the gas product , and there is a pipeline to Alaska , but that the only other options are shipping in the blend from elsewhere in the nation or Asia , which is not cost - efficient .
" People have to figure out how to deal with this on a long - term basis .
We 've been telling motorists to carpool and here we are in summer , and prices have barely come down , " she said .
" Usually we 're about a month into a downturn , it 's cyclical : Prices go up in spring and spike in May , which is n't happening this year .
Prices may not come down a lot . "
Less misery in Missouri
Michael Right , vice president of public affairs for AAA Missouri , said his state is usually among the top three in terms of low gas prices .
A contributing factor , he said , is that the state 's per-gallon tax rate is the lowest in the nation .
He said that most , if not all , states impose a tax on gasoline but few are as low as the 17 cents a gallon Missouri levies .
And Missouri , unlike most other states , does n't impose a sales tax on top of that .
The state also benefits from good distribution via a crisscrossing network of pipelines which can , unusually , result in cheaper gas in rural areas than in major cities .
The reason for this is the three types of gas used in the state .
St Louis primarily uses reformulated gasoline .
Conventional gas is sold in rural areas , and Kansas City uses low RVP ( or low - emission ) gasoline .
Reformulated costs more than conventional gas , hence the higher cost in cities .
" In Illinois , it 's not unusual to save 15 cents a gallon by crossing the river , " Right said .
AOL Autos : Best hybrid SUVs
Effects on station owners and operators
While the effects of soaring pump prices on consumers are well documented , owners and operators of service stations nationwide are also feeling the pain acutely .
Dennis Decota , the executive director of the 135 - year - old California Service Station and Automotive Repair Association and owner of a service station in Marin County , California , said high prices are " extremely detrimental to business people .
What it does is creates a financial hardship on customers , [ leading to ] less foot traffic to stores or repair facilities .
It puts a strain on entire businesses ; unbranded service stations are really at the end of their rope . "
Independent , unbranded stations have one retail philosophy : Offer the best price .
They rely on oversupply by refineries which they buy at wholesale prices and sell cheaper than the branded competition , like Shell or Exxon ( which have both announced they are quitting the service - station industry ) .
But in the past six months , that supply curve has become inverted , which means owner - operators are paying more -- $ 37,000 a truckload -- for their gas than branded outlets .
Decota noted some are losing as much as 15 cents a gallon on every sale .
It 's a hard time for the industry , he said .
The blame for high oil prices is pretty evenly spread , Decota said .
He did , however , point out that as a result of higher gas prices , California brought in $ 4.4 billion last year in sales taxes from its monthly sales of 1,300,000,000 gallons .
In 2002 , when gas prices averaged about $ 1.71 a gallon , it brought in $ 1.7 billion .
DeCota advocates boosting refinery capacity from its current level of 88 percent to about 92 percent .
He said refineries " have their hands on the spigot .
There is no shortage of crude .
But if the government stepped up refinery capacity , that would put enough downward pressure to create competition among refineries .
And my guys are going under . "
AOL Autos : 10 hot small cars
© 2009 AOL , LLC .
All Rights Reserved .
SAN FRANCISCO  Frustrated owners of Apple 's iPhone get some relief this weekend : A new software update promises to fix many customer issues .
The update — available Friday — will improve battery life and help solve dropped calls and software performance , Apple ( AAPL ) CEO Steve Jobs said at a media event here Tuesday .
COLUMN : Apple polishes up its new line of iPods , Baig finds " This is a big update , " Jobs told USA TODAY in an interview later .
" I think people will be really happy .
All these bugs have been fixed . "
Apple staged the event to shine a light on new iPods .
The line of music and video players has been refreshed , in part using " accelerometer " motion sensor technology first introduced on the iPhone .
The new Nano iPods ( $ 149 and $ 199 ) , the pint - size version of the bigger iPod , use a shake technique to advance to the next song .
And the iPod Touch , similar to the iPhone , minus the phone , is being repositioned primarily as a gaming device .
New Apple advertisements promote it as " the funnest iPod ever . "
Apple has sold about 7 million revamped iPhones since July .
Along with that new iPhone , Apple launched the online " App Store , " where third - party vendors sell or give away software for the iPhone and iPod Touch .
Calling it " mind - blowing , " Jobs said more than 100 million applications have been downloaded to date .
Gene Munster , an analyst at Piper Jaffray , said iPod sales had slowed down , compared with other Apple products .
Unit sales were up 12 % in the latest quarter , vs. 40 % for computers .
" The iPod is n't a major growth story anymore , " he said .
" The moves today ( are ) what Apple needed to keep some momentum going . "
Van Baker , an analyst with Gartner , said Apple now has " its best iPod lineup ever .
There are no holes ; they 've got every corner covered . "
TV shows in iTunes are now also available in high definition .
Standard definition shows sell for $ 1.99 ; high definition for $ 2.99 .
And NBC , which left the iTunes store in a dispute about pricing , has returned .
" NBC and Apple are both mature companies , and we had some disagreements , and now they 're back with us , " Jobs said .
" The customers … wanted us to act like adults , so we did . "
Jobs opened his remarks by poking fun at critics who said he looked so thin at the last Apple event that he was clearly ill .
He smiled under a slide that said , " The reports of my death have been greatly exaggerated . "
In the USA TODAY interview , he said the furor " put me in a small distinguished club … with Mark Twain , and Alfred Nobel .
( Nobel 's ) obituary was published ( while he was alive ) , and it's what caused him to create the Nobel Prize .
We meet every other Thursday and talk about it . "
Nobel died in 1895 .
Wall Street reacted negatively to the health speculation , since Jobs is so closely identified with Apple .
" It 's weird , " Jobs said .
" If I do the Macworld keynotes , which I love to do , everybody says Apple is me .
If I do n't do them , people say I must be in the hospital . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
* People who tell you that it 's impossible to add 10 inches to your vertical leap in 12 weeks are not familiar with all the methods at their disposal for increasing vertical jump explosion .
There are exceptions of course and each person is unique .
But , to this day I have not had one person complete this training properly and not be 100 % satisfied with the results .
Many are prone to thinking that because they have tried and failed with many different techniques , that they cannot possibly increase their vertical .
The techniques in the Jump Manual work .
Research proves it , individual case studies prove it , and every week athletes are putting it to the test .
If you are not completely satisfied with your results within 60 days , just let us know and we 'll either work with you until you are satisfied or give you a full refund .
One day you ’re feeling satisfied with the fruits of all your yard work .
The next day , your lawn is a gaping pit of mud .
That ’s if you are lucky – it could have been your house , neighborhood or , say , local interstate .
Sinkholes tend to appear suddenly , and while particular regions are famously prone to sinkholes they happen all over the world .
It begins with an innocuous leak in a rusty pipe .
The earth beneath your feet quietly erodes until one day … whoosh .
Whole buildings have been sucked into sinkholes .
Entire roads have been knocked out .
Here are some of the biggest and baddest sinkholes in the world .
Images ( clockwise from top left ) : 1 , 2 , Google , 3 , 4
1. Qattara Depression
The vast Qattara west of Cairo , Egypt is the largest natural sinkhole in the world , measuring 80 km long by 120 km wide .
This dangerous , sludge - filled quicksand pit is unearthly in its appearance and shocking in its size .
The 133 m deep sinkhole has been used in battle and more recently scientists have attempted to develop a $ 360 million dollar project that would harness the Qattara for complete energy independence .
The plan would require digging a ditch from the edge of Qattara to the Mediterranean and allowing the sink to slowly fill with water via a tunnel .
Eventually ( at least 160 years in the future ) the new lake would rival Lake Eerie ’s size ; at that point the heat of the desert would evaporate additional water flow .
They ’re pretty sure it would , anyway .
Egypt is home to a number of desert sinkholes .
The almost incomprehensibly vast Qattara hole is 100 % natural – the product of fierce winds tearing into the slimy salt beds right down to the water table .
( Note : click the Google Maps link to zoom .
The minty - green area is Qattara . )
2. Berezniki
In Soviet Russia , the ground moves you .
Berezniki ’s sinkhole began in 1986 and just grows worse with each passing year .
It ’s unstoppable .
Currently it ’s over 200 m deep , 80 m long and 40 m wide .
In case you ’re thinking “ Berezniki ?
Who cares ? ” you should know that 10 % of the world output of potash comes from this area , and the sinkhole is very close to destroying the mine ’s sole rail line .
3. Guatemala City
Residents of a Guatemala City heard strange rumblings for weeks but were n’t sure what was happening beneath them .
Then , in late February 2007 , a near - perfect circle of earth dropped some 30 stories almost instantly .
It ’s amazing how neat the hole is .
Two people died and over 1,000 had to be evacuated ; the sinkhole resulted from a corroded sewage system deep beneath the surface ( apparently the odor coming from the hole was intolerable ) .
Sinkholes are caused by changing geological conditions or by a failure to maintain aging underground pipes and sewage systems , but the common factor in both is usually water .
Ground underlain with carbonate bedrock – limestone for example – is most prone to sinking because the bedrock erodes with repeated exposure to water .
The rock corrodes and the sediment swells with water and eventually everything reaches a critical mass point .
Images : 2 , 3
4. Sarisarinama
The Sarisarinama holes of Venezuela are a mysterious and beautiful natural wonder .
There are several of these perfectly round basins that are each 350 m in diameter and over 350 m deep .
Scientists are n’t sure how these stunning sink holes originated , but they are awe - inspiring nonetheless ; each hole contains unique ecosystems with many distinct plant and animal species found nowhere else on earth .
5. Bimmah
Making the most of one of nature ’s great oddities , the residents of Bimmah , Oman turned this sinkhole into a tourist trap .
( Well actually , a swim park . )
6. Mount Gambier
Known as the city of craters , Mount Gambier ( between Adelaide and Melbourne in South East Australia ) has all manner of water channels , caves and caverns beneath its residential crust .
Perching atop limestone , the city has both volcanic craters and naturally - occurring sinkholes that have filled with water .
It ’s really quite beautiful .
7. Unidentified Unfortunate House
Steve Kluge has cataloged a impressive list of geological and disaster - related photographs ; you would n’t want to own this unlucky Florida house .
( Sinkholes are a well - known and persistent problem in Florida .
It ’s not just floods and hurricanes . )
8. Agrico Gypsum Stack
Florida is plagued by sinkhole erosion , but this disaster in 1994 was one of the most devastating by far .
A 15 - story sinkhole tore open right beneath an 80 - million - ton pile of gypsum stack ( toxic industrial waste ) .
The hazardous soup contaminated 90 % of Florida ’s drinking water and cleanup efforts ran into the millions of dollars .
The 2 million cubic foot hole soon was nicknamed the “ Journey to the Center of the Earth ” , as if to indicate that it was the newest Disney World attraction .
9. South Florida
The karst ( a type of bedrock ) in this urbanized Southern Florida area weakened to the point of collapse and this sizable sinkhole was the result .
10 . The Devil ’s Sinkhole
Plunging a frightening 400 feet is the cavernous Devil ’s Sinkhole in Texas .
The limestone wonder has a 40 ’x60 ′ opening and there is archaeological evidence that the sinkhole was considered sacred by Native Americans .
Locals are known to collect arrowheads , stalactites and other treasures from the sinkhole .
Random trivia : a sinkhole may also be referred to as a swallet , cenote , or doline .
11 . Macungie
A moderate level of water actually helps to “ secure ” the ground beneath our feet – otherwise we would n’t be able to build as the ground would simply sweep away – but if the sediment becomes waterlogged a sinkhole may strike .
Though nature ’s ancient sinkholes are stunning , human - caused sinks are just disastrous .
The Macungie sink in Pennsylvania , above , gave Florida a run for its money .
( Pennsylvania ’s water system is aging , so sinkholes are becoming increasingly common . )
12 . Daisetta
In Daisetta , Texas just a few months ago , what started as a small 20 - foot sinkhole in a residential neighborhood spread to over 900 feet within a day , consuming telephone poles , structures and vehicles as it grew .
Authorities had been checking on the oil and natural gas lines as they suspected leakage .
Oil field equipment nearby toppled into the pit , creating a sludge of oil and mud that came very close to destroying several homes .
Images : Don Davis , Local Pilot
13 . Bowling Green
Plans for the Kentucky Trimodal Transpark were quickly abandoned when this massive 200 - foot sinkhole in Bowling Green , Kentucky ripped open .
Unfortunately this region is dotted with naturally - occurring , numerous underground sinks that could open at any time , making development very risky in the entire area .
Still scared ?
OK , here are some faux sink holes from street artists .
Want more ?
There is a whole sinkhole that created its own ghost town , too .
More Disasters :
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
“ Government likes to begin things — to declare grand new programs and causes , ” President Bush said in 2001 at the unveiling of his “ Management Agenda , ” a program aimed at improving the performance of federal agencies .
“ But good beginnings are not the measure of success .
What matters in the end is completion .
Performance .
Results . ”
In subsequent years , the Bush administration gave birth to numerous new executive departments , offices , and programs of its own — and the results are in .
A stroll through the graveyard of best intentions …
Department of Homeland Security
Promise :
To develop a more effective domestic response to terrorism and natural disasters by bringing 22 federal agencies and more than 200,000 employees under the management of a single Cabinet - level agency .
Performance : DHS has yet to make even “ moderate ” progress toward improving emergency preparedness and eliminating the kinds of bureaucratic and technological ineptitude that contributed to the 9/11 attacks , according to the Government Accountability Office .
Office of the Director of National Intelligence
Promise : First proposed by the 9/11 Commission , it was created to place the sprawling , and frequently squabbling , intelligence community under a single authority .
Performance : Added yet another layer of bureaucracy .
Like the CIA before it , ODNI is held responsible for overseeing America ’s intelligence community ( civilian and military ) , though lacks control over some 80 percent of the nation ’s intelligence budget , which remains the purview of the Pentagon .
Military Transformation
Promise : Based on a belief in the transformative power of technology , the so - called Revolution in Military Affairs emphasized using fewer troops , reliance on sophisticated weapons systems , and air strikes .
Performance : Iraq .
No Child Left Behind
Promise : Aimed to improve K - 12 education by imposing a series of national achievement standards in math and reading , measured primarily through standardized testing .
Performance : Teachers were tacitly encouraged to “ teach to the test , ” often at the expense of untested subjects like social studies , foreign languages , the arts , and physical education .
Some schools have gamed the system , either by lowering standards or by turning away students who may skew test results .
Office of Faith - Based and Community Initiatives
Promise : A hallmark of “ compassionate conservatism , ” which funneled billions of dollars in federal funding to faith - based and community organizations on the belief that such groups are better positioned to cater to local needs .
Performance :
By focusing almost exclusively on Christian charities , the office violated the separation of church and state , quickly becoming the target of legal challenges .
Its first director , John DiIulio , resigned in disgust , characterizing the Bush administration as “ the reign of the Mayberry Machiavellis ” and alleging that aides were more interested in promoting a partisan agenda than advancing good policy .
Community - Based Abstinence Education
Promise : Pumped hundreds of millions of dollars into local groups that worked to reduce teen pregnancies by preaching abstinence — sometimes literally , through means of Bible readings and exhortations to accept Jesus .
Performance : Last year , instances of teen pregnancy increased for the first time in 15 years , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
FutureGen
Promise : Established a public - private partnership to build a near - zero - emissions coal - fueled power plant to be located in Mattoon , Illinois — a pilot facility that , if successful , would form the basis for the expansion of clean coal plants .
Performance : In January 2008 , the Energy Department withdrew funding , citing cost overruns .
Illinois politicians complained that the program was killed after their state edged out Texas as the test site .
The word is out that technology makes us stupid .
I am in no position to argue , having recently spent a week blundering around Southern California in a rented S.U.V. , surrendering my brain to a sultry - voiced G.P.S. unit .
“ When possible , ” she kept telling me , “ make a legal U - turn . ”
Mental atrophy is all around us .
It ’s a big theme of “ Wall - E , ” that fierce indictment of the human race disguised as a family cartoon .
Its human characters are supersized and infantilized by all - encompassing robotic care .
If our machines are coddling us into idiocy , the right reaction is to bristle .
An insurgency has been brewing for a few years now , made up of the inventive , the curious and the technologically restless .
It ’s called the Maker movement , and it has brought the pre-1970s world of basement workshops and amateur tinkering into the digital age .
Through two magazines 
Make and Craft  an array of blogs and events called Maker Faires , participants share ideas for previously unimagined tools , toys and forms of locomotion .
Their goal is to reassert creative control over technology that is now so sophisticated and magically opaque that we are its loving hostages .
Lots of people are content to lie back and let the iPhone and Google tell them where and who they are .
Makers are not those people .
Get to know the features and benefits of having phone sex with a stranger and for long distance relationships .
Discover chat lines that offer secure phone sex
InsultMonger.com ,
This is where we discuss anything and everything you could think of about phone dating and phone sex such as creative ideas and tips on how to make the most out of the experience .
We are here to guide you through the process of gaining as much information as you can for a life - changing phone chat experience , whether with a stranger or with someone you ’re having a long - distance relationship with .
Let ’s get started !
What is Phone Sex ?
If you ’ll search for the literal meaning of phone sex , you would find that it is a “ sexually explicit telephone conversation for the purpose of sexual gratification ” .
It is an interaction that takes place over telephone lines between two or more individuals wherein one or more of them is / are describing the act of sex .
Based on this description , you can more or less picture out the whole idea of what it ’s all about .
It ’s like having sex with someone but without the physical contact and body penetration .
It ’s all up to you on how you can make the experience more satisfying through tactile stimuli , imagination , use of sex aids and a whole lot of dirty talking .
What is the purpose of phone sex ?
Phone sex can be used for a lot of purposes .
In fact , there is a reason why it continues to exist and evolve over time .
And up to this modern generation , the idea of phone sex has remained relevant and it never went out of style – if there ’s anything that has changed , it has become wilder , hotter and more accessible to many .
Here is a rundown of these purposes ;
For long distance relationships
If you ’re in a long distance relationship , you know for a fact that maintaining intimacy and keeping the fire burning is the most challenging part .
Since it ’s not possible for you and your partner to share intimate moments as often as you ’d want to , your next option would be to have regular phone sex .
This can somehow help you ease up your yearning for each other and can help in strengthening your connection regardless of the distance that ’s in between the two of you .
For self - gratification
If you ’re not in a relationship but you still want to keep your sex life interesting by playing around with strangers without exposing yourself , having a phone sex is the best solution .
Gone are the days when you ’d randomly call a number in the hopes that you ’d chance upon someone who ’s willing to do some dirty talking with you .
Now , you can simply call any of the Phone Sex chat line numbers listed below , anytime and start talking to real strangers who , like you , are ready to get naughty and engage in some adult fun .
For those who want to spice up their sex life
For those who are needing more in their sexual life .
Most people , whether they ’re in a relationship or not , would want to explore and get adventurous when it comes to sex .
Even couples who are constantly together would sometimes want to engage in something fun and different to spice up their sex life and to discover just how satisfying it can get with phone sex .
So if you want to explore this idea with your girlfriend or boyfriend , you might just actually reap the benefits and take your intimacy on to the next level .
When physical contact is not advisable
There are medical conditions that prohibit physical contact such as viral infection , bacterial diseases and musculoskeletal injuries .
If you ’re suffering from a certain condition and you ’re not allowed to get into sexual activities for the meantime , phone sex could be your best alternative for now .
Recent studies had also shown that even spinal cord injury ( SCI ) patients can modify their sexual activities and practice arousing their senses through verbal , auditory and tactile stimuli .
Thus , having phone sex chat can offer a life - changing experience for such patients .
To satisfy the curiosity
Phone sex can draw a lot of interest and curiosity .
If you ’re one of those curious souls who want to discover just how satisfying the experience can be and what goes on during a phone sex chat , feed that hungry mind now and start chatting with a stranger using the chat lines or one of those popular dating apps .
You ’ll never know where your curiosity can take you and you might just find yourself wanting more .
Top 10 Phone Sex Benefits
Preserves the intimacy between two people who are in a long - distance relationship Kills the monotony of usual sex Strengthens the relationship by way of exploring new experiences and unique ways of fulfilling your partner ’s fantasies Builds up sexual desire between a couple Helps you discover satisfying sexual practices you can be comfortable with Triggers your creativity in finding ways to make your sex life more exciting Offers excellent foreplay Women can heighten their level of desirability towards their partner while men can keep turning her on It ’s a good way to surprise your partner anytime
You can practice the art of sensual and passionate talking
Sites that Offer Ultimate Phone Sex Experience
woman excited for new experiences
One of the best things you can do to build up your confidence in having a phone sex is by doing it with a stranger .
It is likewise a good way to practice while at the same time allowing yourself to get fully immersed into the pleasure and excitement .
Here are some of the sites that can offer you the ultimate adult playground ;
Chatlinedating is one of the premier sites where you can engage in hot phone sex with a stranger .
There are virtually hundreds to thousands of real singles out there who are willing to fulfil your wildest fantasies .
If you want to find someone you can date , flirt or play on the phone with , you can try your luck at Badoo .
Although it was originally launched as a dating app for the “ hip and young ” , a lot of members actually sign up just to get a piece of the dirty action .
Chat line numbers take pride in its attractive and fun-loving community of singles who are willing to get naughty and dirty .
It ’s the ultimate chat line for those who want optimum adult entertainment with no holds barred .
If you want to satisfy your naughtiest sexual desires and you want to go all the way , phonesexchat is the steamiest chat line for you .
It ’s designed to satisfy all types of curiosities for hot sexual encounters .
You can always find ways to level up your use of dating sites .
Zoosk offers quite a handful of possibilities for you to hook up with someone .
If you ’re not ready to get physical yet with someone , try having phone sex first to test the waters .
We knew it would happen eventually , but we figured it would take longer than a week .
Just days after American Airlines made the big - deal announcement that it had rolled out in - flight internet on certain routes , hackers have found a way to use the service for voice - over - internet protocol calls , despite promises from the airline that its air - to - ground system , developed by Aircell , would block voice calls .
A tip before we go any further : Voice calls on airplanes will result in chatty passengers who yap their way through an entire six - hour flight , which is likely to increase the chance of an air - rage incident .
Fly at your own risk .
The workaround , called Phweet , allows users to call friends who are linked via Twitter .
Andy Abramson from VoIP
Watch says that he recently used Phweet to chat with a friend on an American Airlines flight , and that the conversation was so clear he could hear the flight attendant ordering people to get back to their seats in preparation for landing .
Phweet is a shortURL link to an external directory ( for now , only
Twitter , though others will be added later ) , that enables calls between two or more profiles without sharing any additional information between the parties .
Using the application to make calls at 27,000 feet is a painless three - step process :
Go to the Phweet homepage and log on with your Twitter name and password .
Add the Twitter user name of person you want to connect with , along with a message telling them want to talk .
A Twitter update and Phweet URL
is sent .
When your friend clicks on the Phweet URL and accepts , your browser whistles and a Flash widget appears .
Click on it to talk .
A spokesperson from Aircell told Wired.com that the company was aware of the Phweet workaround .
" At American 's request , we set up various mechanisms to block voice calls .
Obviously someone found a way around them . "
She added that although it 's up to American to enforce its no - call policy during flights , Aircell is doing everything it can to address the issue .
* Photo : TheHobbyGuy / Flickr *
A weekly comic strip , covering politics , pop culture , and the absurd .
Sarah Palin is Your Old Testament
God said , " Thanks , but no thanks ! " to Sodom and Gomorrah .
There 's no commandment against lying when the truth is politically inconvenient .
Jesus was n't a community organizer !
He was God 's lobbyist !
Noah put moose on the ark because he knew how much fun it is to shoot them !
Adam and Eve were great and all , but they should 've name Cain and Abel " Speed " and " Buck . "
Things might 've worked out between those two .
Life begins at conception .
It says so in chapter five , verse six of the Biblical book of Embryology .
Gay marriage is an affront to the sacred institution of shotgun weddings !
I 'm ready to lead on day one of the Apocalyspe .
DIGG THIS
These remarks were delivered at the Rally for the Republic , Target Center , Minneapolis , on September 2 .
Part 1 Part 2
About fifteen years ago a conservative columnist wrote that Americans are faced with a choice between the Stupid Party and the Evil Party .
And that once in a while the two parties get together and do something that ’s both stupid and evil , and that ’s called bipartisanship .
If anything , that view was too optimistic .
On so many issues that matter , we may as well have a one - party system .
Some people on the Left are finally discovering to their chagrin that the so - called change Barack Obama would make to American foreign policy is just cosmetic .
What did they expect ?
His foreign - policy panel , a who ’s - who of the establishment , includes Madeleine Albright , the former Secretary of State who said " the price has been worth it " when asked on 60 Minutes what she thought of the fact that the Bush / Clinton sanctions on Iraq had led to half a million dead children .
So that ’s the " change " candidate .
Well , how very refreshing .
On taxes , the Democrat favors a top income tax rate of 39.5 percent , and the Republican favors a top rate of 35 percent .
Well , ai n’t democracy grand !
We get to debate a whole four and a half percentage points .
Forget about spending .
The Democrat spends his time devising new ways to throw away money we do n’t have .
Who knows what additional billions the Republican nominee ’s foreign - policy bellicosity will saddle us with .
But he pledges to balance the budget without a tax increase by 2013 , while also strengthening the dollar and closing the $ 70 trillion entitlement shortfall .
And we ’re expected to believe this .
Been there , done that .
And by the way , if I may be forgiven for stating the obvious , you are not a fiscal conservative — or any other kind of conservative , for that matter — if you think it ’s a -okay to stay in Iraq for one hundred years .
The subject I ’ve been asked to address here , though , is yet another one that finds the two major candidates — let ’s call them McBama — in agreement : namely , money and the Federal Reserve System .
Since the Fed was established in 1913 the dollar has lost 95 percent of its value .
The Fed has given us more financial bubbles than we can count .
When it inflates the money supply it lowers the value of the dollars in Americans ’ pockets and hurts society ’s most vulnerable .
It redistributes wealth from the middle class and the poor to the politically well connected , by means of what economists call distribution or Cantillon effects .
What ’s more , F.A. Hayek won the Nobel Prize in economics for showing how central banks like the Fed create the boom - bust business cycle in our economy .
When the central bank manipulates interest rates , it causes massive discoordination .
The interest rate is supposed to coordinate production across time , but it can do so only when it reflects an aggregate of voluntary choices , not the whim of the Fed chairman .
Entrepreneurs are misled into making investments that make no sense in light of current resource availability .
The Fed ’s intervention starts the economy on an artificial boom that ends in an inevitable bust .
More and more financial analysts are coming to accept Hayek ’s view , known as the Austrian theory of the business cycle , because it corresponds so closely to what ’s happening all around us .
In the 1920s , when so - called mainstream economists were foolishly assuring us that permanent prosperity had arrived , economists of what ’s known as the Austrian School of economic thought , to which Ron Paul also belongs , stood alone in predicting the Great Depression .
Yet in spite of all this , we ’ve had no serious discussion of the Federal Reserve System for nearly 100 years .
It has been fantastically successful in depoliticizing itself .
No politician even mentions it .
And although he is too genuinely humble to acknowledge it , one man is responsible for finally blasting open this forbidden question : Ron Paul .
Look at how members of Congress treat the Fed chairman when he appears before them .
He gets asked only the most inane , sycophantic questions .
Members of the Banking Committee , decked out in their " I Heart Bernanke " T - shirts , wave incense before him .
Ron Paul , on the other hand , looks him in the eye and says , " You are stealing from the poor ! "
The economic and historical arguments against sound money ( that is , money that government ca n’t just print up at will ) are surprisingly weak — really just a string of fallacies .
For now I refer you all to the education page at CampaignForLiberty.com for plenty of resources in defense of sound money .
But Joseph Schumpeter , one of the great economists of the twentieth century , said that even if you accepted all the bogus economic arguments against gold , it still made perfect sense to favor it .
Why ?
Because it is the only system compatible with freedom .
If " fiscal responsibility " is your issue , you ’ll never get anywhere as long as the government can create out of thin air all the money it wants .
If the federal government is an addict , then the Federal Reserve System is its enabler .
Or suppose you ’re concerned about war and what Ron Paul calls our government ’s " bull - in - a - china - shop foreign policy . "
( By the way , that ’s a concern shared by the genuine Left — people like Kirkpatrick Sale and Gore Vidal — and the genuine Right , by which I mean traditional conservatives like Russell Kirk and Robert Taft , not today ’s neoconservative death cult . )
Well , you , too , should care about the Fed , since the central bank is the lifeblood of the empire .
If you want to stop the war machine , you ’ll have to go after the money machine .
How did Lyndon Johnson get away with his war spending in Vietnam ?
By a deliberate policy of concealing the cost through inflation — a cost the American people bore only later , in the stagflation of the 1970s .
Just the cost overruns on two Pentagon projects added up to more than the combined GDPs of North and South Vietnam .
By silently looting the American population , the government was able to get away with much more spending than would otherwise have been possible .
Then there ’s the disastrous war in Iraq , the propaganda for which was fed to us by America ’s Pravda , the New York Times .
How has that war been funded ?
By borrowing from foreigners , and creating new money out of thin air .
As for our current economic mess , McBama agree with the president , who summed up his own business cycle theory in these words : " Wall Street got drunk . "
Their solution ?
For starters , hundreds of billions of dollars in bailouts to the alleged drunkards .
Bailouts and scapegoating — anything other than pointing the finger where it belongs — are all McBama can think to do .
To hear them speak , you ’d never know the Fed ’s mad money creation spree and its resulting economic distortions had even occurred .
And no , the free market does n’t cause housing bubbles and mortgage crises .
The federal government has been pushing unsound loans on banks for years , both through legislation and by a Federal Reserve policy of flooding the economy with cheap credit .
This new money went overwhelmingly into the housing market , the result being the housing bubble that is now bursting .
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are Government Supported Enterprises ( GSEs ) that get special tax and regulatory breaks , and that everyone knows will be bailed out if it should come to that .
So there ’s nothing to stop them from buying up risky mortgages from banks .
And banks in turn are more likely to make risky loans in the first place if they know Fannie and Freddie will be happy to buy them up .
This crazy system is a layer cake of moral hazard , not the free market .
But as usual , the free market is being blamed for the stupidity and recklessness of the blockheads who rule us .
Every four years we ’re subjected to a pair of empty suits whose only real argument is over exactly how and through what channels they plan to squander Americans ’ wealth .
It ’s enough to make the non-comatose segment of the population despair .
What can we do ?
For starters , you can do what Ron Paul does , which is to start your day by reading LewRockwell.com .
You can go to amconmag.com and read and subscribe to The American Conservative magazine .
But above all , today we have a special suggestion .
If you ’re tired of having to choose between two wings of the same bird of prey , then help us change America : go to CampaignForLiberty.com and join Ron Paul ’s Campaign for Liberty !
H.L. Mencken put it this way : " The most dangerous man , to any government , is the man who is able to think things out for himself , without regard to the prevailing superstitions and taboos .
Almost inevitably he comes to the conclusion that the government he lives under is dishonest , insane and intolerable , and so , if he is romantic , he tries to change it . "
Publishers Weekly says Dr. Paul " gives new life to old debates . "
But you know what ?
Without him , we would n’t be having these debates in the first place .
Ron Paul reminds us that our future is not cast in stone , and that if we as a people so choose , we do not have to live in the kind of America the two major parties have in store for us .
Thanks to all of you for the sacrifices you ’ve made on behalf of this great American cause — and above all , thank you , Ron Paul .
The Best of Tom Woods
Unlike some other virtual twins , Sara and Julie were not dressed alike or treated as twins in school .
“ They are totally different , ” Mr. Curry said .
“ They offset each other . ”
As the family sat around their dining room table on a recent afternoon , Mr. Curry turned to his daughters and said : “ It has to be more nature .
You grew up so close , you were together 24 - 7 . ”
He turned to Sara and said , “ She ’s a stabilizer to your drama . ”
And to Julie , “ She brings excitement to you . ”
Image MOTHER NATURE Dr. Nancy L. Segal studies virtual twins for the material they contribute to the nature - versus - nurture question .
She says that evidence suggests nature is winning .
Credit ...
Ann Johansson for The New York Times
“ Yeah , ” Julie said to her sister , “ you bring me out of my shell . ”
Some virtual twins in the study , however , have been deliberately raised as twins from birth .
Julie Dykstra , a former nurse who lives in Belmont , Mich. , had two adoptions come through within the same week .
Her sons , now 6 , were due on May 1 and May 3 .
Each was born 8 pounds 2 ounces and 21 inches long , she said , 10 days apart .
“ I never felt like I did n’t have twins , ” she said .
“ I felt like I was immersed in it . ”
They have grown up feeling like twins , and the family has told their school that they are twins .
“ They have twin language , ” Mrs. Dykstra said .
“ They know what the other is thinking and going to say before he says it .
They met at 13 days and 3 days old . ”
Dr. Segal said that while “ genetics do not tell the whole story , ” even if parents treat their virtual twins as biological twins or if the children show similarities early in life , her research has found that environment still has “ minimal or no effect ” on them in terms of behavior and intelligence .
Virtual twins can seem very similar in their early years , she said , but in the long term a shared environment is not “ going to have a lasting impact . ”
Mrs. Dykstra and her husband , Todd , a pastor at Maranatha Bible Church , later adopted another set of virtual twins , two girls who are 20 days apart and are now 2 .
One was adopted from China and did not join the family until she was 10 months old .
Mrs. Dykstra said she does not feel the girls are twins because one had been in an orphanage in China and came into the family so much later than the other .
She added that the girls are still young .
Six months ago the couple adopted another girl at birth , the biological sibling of one of their adopted daughters , and Mrs. Dykstra said she was excited to find out how the three sisters will be different .
“ We are like a little petri dish , ” she said .
Some critics and adoption agencies say that having virtual twins ( sometimes called pseudo twins or artificial twins ) should be avoided by parents when possible , so that each child receives adequate parental attention .
Some say that parents are not being truthful or fair when they attempt to arrange more than one adoption from birth mothers who might not choose them if they knew another infant would be brought into the home within the first year .
“ People need to be very well counseled , ” said Joyce Maguire Pavao , the chief executive and founder of the Center for Family Connections in Cambridge , Mass. , which provides counseling and other services to what the center calls blended families .
The government 's drug advisers will begin a review of the classification of ecstasy next week , raising the prospect that the drug could be downgraded from class A .
Ecstasy remains the third most popular illicit drug in Britain , with 5 % of young adults aged 16 to 24 saying they have used it in the last year .
The decision by the Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs ( ACMD ) , chaired by Professor Michael Rawlins , to review the legal status of ecstasy follows a report by the Commons science and technology committee two years ago recommending urgent action .
The case for downgrading it gathered pace after a landmark Police Foundation inquiry chaired by Viscountess Runciman in 2000 , which argued for it to be moved to class B .
The inquiry found the best estimates of the toxicity of ecstasy suggested it was several thousand times less dangerous than heroin and was probably involved in fewer than 10 deaths a year .
The MPs heard evidence from Professor Colin Blakemore , then chief executive of the Medical Research Council , that ecstasy was " at the bottom of the scale of harm " and " on the basis of present evidence ... should not be a class A drug " .
This view was confirmed by Professor David Nutt , the incoming chairman of the ACMD , in evidence to the MPs and in a Lancet paper last year in which he , Blakemore , Dr Leslie King of the Forensic Science Service and William Saulsbury of the Police Foundation argued that alcohol and tobacco were more dangerous than cannabis , LSD and ecstasy .
Nutt said last year that young people already knew ecstasy was relatively safe , so making it a class A drug made a mockery of the entire ABC classification system .
" The whole harm reduction message disappears because people say , ' They are lying ' , " he said .
" Let 's treat people as adults , tell them the truth and hopefully work with them to minimise its use , " he was quoted as saying last March .
The ACMD is to hold a special evidence session next Friday during which it will hear the latest data on the drug 's neuropsychological effects and its toxicity .
The number of recent ecstasy - related deaths will also be reviewed in the context of other drug fatalities .
The ACMD is not expected to produce a final recommendation until next year but the past record of its leading members suggests it is likely to recommend that it should be downgraded from class A to B .
However , such a move is likely to be blocked by ministers , raising a prospect of a rerun of their decision on cannabis .
The home secretary , Jacqui Smith , made clear earlier this summer that the cabinet intends to override an ACMD recommendation on cannabis and move the drug back to class B from class C .
Possession of ecstasy , as a class A drug , carries a maximum seven - year jail term while dealing can result in a life sentence .
Drugs minister Vernon Coaker has made clear the government believes it should remain in class A but said he would consider any ACMD recommendation .
Transform , the drugs legalisation campaign , argues in its submission to the review that it is a distraction from the fundamental flaws in the overall classification system , which it regards as " harmful and counterproductive " .
Mick Jagger 's lips have made the Victoria and Albert Museum 's permanent collection .
The Rolling Stones ' famous tongue and lips logo has been snapped up by the London institution for just under £ 51,000 at an auction in the US .
The pop art design was created by student John Pasche in 1970 and was partly inspired by the distinctive shape of the Rolling Stones ' frontman 's mouth .
The image was first used on the Stones ' Sticky Fingers album and has been in continuous use by the band ever since .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Sir Mick approached the Royal College of Art in London in 1969 to help him find a design student after being frustrated by the bland designs offered by their record label Decca Records .
He visited Pasche 's degree show , which led to discussions for a logo and other work for the Stones ' own label , Rolling Stones Records , after the group 's contract ended with Decca in 1970 .
Victoria Broakes , head of exhibitions , V&A Theatre and Performance Collections , said : " The Rolling Stones ' Tongue is one of the first examples of a group using branding and it has become arguably the world 's most famous rock logo .
" We are delighted to have acquired the original artwork , especially as it was designed at the Royal College of Art right here in South Kensington by a student who used to visit the V&A 's collections for inspiration .
" We are very grateful for the Art Fund 's support in helping us acquire this exciting addition to our collections . "
The Art Fund , the UK 's independent art charity , contributed half the cost of the piece .
David Barrie , director of the Art Fund , said : " This iconic logo , first used on the Stones ' Sticky Fingers album , is one of the most visually dynamic and innovative logos ever created .
" Designed in the UK by a British artist for one of the country 's most successful groups of all time , it 's wonderful that it has now found a permanent home in London , where the band was originally formed . "
Meanwhile , admission charges at the Institute of Contemporary Arts Gallery ( ICA ) in London have been scrapped , it announced today .
The first show to be free will be the ICA Auction Exhibition , which opens on September 11 .
The gallery was founded in 1947 and its exhibitions over the years have been controversial .
View of the CMS ( Compact Muon Solenoid ) experiment Tracker Outer Barrel ( TOB ) in the cleaning room .
The CMS is one of two general - purpose LHC experiments designed to explore the physics of the Terascale , the energy region where physicists believe they will find answers to the central questions at the heart of 21st - century particle physics .
( Maximilien Brice , © CERN )
The Large Hadron Collider ( LHC ) , a 27 kilometer ( 17 mile ) long particle accelerator straddling the border of Switzerland and France , is nearly set to begin its first particle beam tests .
The European Organization for Nuclear Research ( CERN ) is preparing for its first small tests in early August , leading to a planned full - track test in September - and the first planned particle collisions before the end of the year .
The final step before starting is the chilling of the entire collider to - 271.25 C ( - 456.25 F ) .
Here is a collection of photographs from CERN , showing various stages of completion of the LHC and several of its larger experiments ( some over seven stories tall ) , over the past several years .
( 27 photos total
The Globe of Innovation in the morning .
The wooden globe is a structure originally built for Switzerland 's national exhibition , Expo '02 , and is 40 meters wide , 27 meters tall .
( Maximilien Brice ; Claudia Marcelloni , © CERN )
Assembly and installation of the ATLAS Hadronic endcap Liquid Argon Calorimeter .
The ATLAS detector contains a series of ever - larger concentric cylinders around the central interaction point where the LHC 's proton beams collide .
( Roy Langstaff , © CERN )
Checks are performed on the alignment of the magnets in the LHC tunnel .
It is vital that each magnet is placed exactly where it has been designed so that the path of the beam is precisely controlled .
( Maximilien Brice , © CERN )
The ALICE Inner Tracking System during its transport in the experimental cavern and its insertion into the Time Projection Chamber ( TPC ) .
ALICE ( A Large Ion Collider Experiment @ CERN ) will study the physics of ultrahigh - energy proton - proton and lead - lead collisions and will explore conditions in the first instants of the universe , a few microseconds after the Big Bang .
( Maximilien Brice , © CERN )
Insertion of the tracker in the heart of the CMS detector .
( Maximilien Brice , © CERN )
The LHCb electromagnetic calorimeter .
This huge 6X7 square meter wall consists of 3300 blocks containing scintillator , fibre optics and lead .
It will measure the energy of particles produced in proton - proton collisions at the LHC when it is started .
Photons , electrons and positrons will pass through the layers of material in these modules and deposit their energy in the detector through a shower of particles .
( Maximilien Brice , © CERN )
Photo from the CMS pixel - strip integration test performed at the Tracker Integration Facility at the Meyrin site .
( Maximilien Brice , © CERN )
French , Swiss and CERN firemen move rescue equipment through the LHC tunnel .
( Maximilien Brice , © CERN )
View of the LHC cryo-magnet inside the tunnel .
( Maximilien Brice , © CERN )
Insertion of the tracker in the heart of the CMS detector .
( Maximilien Brice , © CERN )
The Z+ end of the CMS Tracker with Tracker Outer Barrel completed .
( Maximilien Brice , © CERN )
View from the surface during lowering of the first ATLAS small wheel into the tunnel on side C of the cavern .
( Claudia Marcelloni , © CERN )
Lowering of one of the two ATLAS muon small wheels into the cavern .
( Claudia Marcelloni , © CERN )
View of the ATLAS detector during July 2007 ( Claudia Marcelloni , © CERN )
A welder works on the interconnection between two of the LHC 's superconducting magnet systems , in the LHC tunnel .
( Maximilien Brice , © CERN )
View of the CMS detector at the end of 2007 .
( Maximilien Brice , © CERN )
Transporting the ATLAS Magnet Toroid End-Cap
A between building 180 to ATLAS point 1 . ( Claudia Marcelloni , © CERN )
View of the ATLAS cavern side A beginning of February 2008 , before lowering of the Muon Small Wheels ( Maximilien Brice ; Claudia Marcelloni , © CERN )
The L3 magnet in the ALICE cavern , with one door almost closed .
( Mona Schweizer , © CERN )
Lowering of the last element ( YE - 1 ) of the CMS detector into its underground experimental cavern .
( Mona Schweizer , © CERN )
The first ATLAS Inner Detector End-Cap after complete insertion within the Liquid Argon Cryostat .
( Claudia Marcelloni ; Max Brice , © CERN )
Installation of the ATLAS pixel detector into the cavern ( Claudia Marcelloni , © CERN )
Installation of the Beam Pipe in the ATLAS cavern ( Maximilien Brice , © CERN )
View of the Computer Center during the installation of servers .
( Maximilien Brice ; Claudia Marcelloni , © CERN )
Installation of the world 's largest silicon tracking detector in the CMS experiment .
( Michael Hoch , © CERN )
Aerial view of CERN and the surrounding region of Switzerland and France .
Three rings are visible , the smaller ( at lower right ) shows the underground position of the Proton Synchrotron , the middle ring is the Super Proton Synchrotron ( SPS ) with a circumference of 7 km and the largest ring ( 27 km ) is that of the former Large Electron and Positron collider ( LEP ) accelerator with part of Lake Geneva in the background .
( © CERN )
More links and information
LHC - Official site
Large Hadron Collider - Wikipedia entry
LHC commissioning with beam CERN 's website for commissioning the LHC
What is the LHC ? - US / LHC ( US at the Large Hadron Collider )
Let the Proton Smashing Begin - NYTimes.com 7/29
LHC - NYTimes Topics page
Mike Whitney
Information Clearing House
August 14 , 2008
The American - armed and trained Georgian army swarmed into South Ossetia last Thursday , killing an estimated 2,000 civilians , sending 40,000 South Ossetians fleeing over the Russian border , and destroying much of the capital , Tskhinvali .
The attack was unprovoked and took place a full 24 hours before even ONE Russian soldier set foot in South Ossetia .
Nevertheless , the vast majority of Americans still believe that the Russian army invaded Georgian territory first .
The BBC , AP , NPR , the New York Times and the rest of the establishment media has consistently and deliberately misled its readers into believing that the violence in South Ossetia was initiated by the Kremlin .
Let ’s be clear , it was n’t .
In truth , there is NO dispute about the facts except among the people who rely the western press for their information .
Despite its steady loss of credibility , the corporate media continues to operate as the propaganda - arm of the Pentagon .
Former Russian President Mikhail Gorbachev gave a good summary of events in an op - ed in Monday ’s Washington Post :
“ For some time , relative calm was maintained in South Ossetia .
The peacekeeping force composed of Russians , Georgians and Ossetians fulfilled its mission , and ordinary Ossetians and Georgians , who live close to each other , found at least some common ground … .
What happened on the night of Aug. 7 is beyond comprehension .
The Georgian military attacked the South Ossetian capital of Tskhinvali with multiple rocket launchers designed to devastate large areas … .
Mounting a military assault against innocents was a reckless decision whose tragic consequences , for thousands of people of different nationalities , are now clear .
The Georgian leadership could do this only with the perceived support and encouragement of a much more powerful force .
Georgian armed forces were trained by hundreds of U.S. instructors , and its sophisticated military equipment was bought in a number of countries .
This , coupled with the promise of NATO membership , emboldened Georgian leaders into thinking that they could get away with a “ blitzkrieg ” in South Ossetia … Russia had to respond .
To accuse it of aggression against “ small , defenseless Georgia ” is not just hypocritical but shows a lack of humanity . ”
( “ A Path to Peace in the Caucasus ” , Mikhail Gorbachev , Washington Post )
The question for Americans is whether they trust Mikhail Gorbachev more than the corporate media ?
Russia deployed its tanks and troops to South Ossetia to save the lives of civilians and to reestablish the peace .
Period .
It has no interest in annexing the former - Soviet country or in expanding its present borders .
Now that the Georgian army has been routed , Russian president Medvedev and Prime Minister Putin have expressed a willingness to settle the dispute through normal diplomatic channels at the United Nations .
Neither leader is under any illusions about Washington ’s involvement in the hostilities .
They know that Georgian President Mikail Saakashvili is an American stooge who came to power in a CIA - backed coup , the so - called “ Rose Revolution ” , and would never order a major military operation without explicit instructions from his White House puppetmasters .
Most likely , the orders to invade came directly from the office of the Vice President , Dick Cheney .
The Georgian army had no chance of winning a war with Russia or any intention of occupying the territory they captured .
The real aim was to lure the Russian army into a trap .
US planners hope to do what they did so skillfully in Afghanistan ; lure their Russian prey into a long and bloody Chechnya - type fiasco that will pit their Russia troops against guerrilla forces armed and trained by US military and intelligence agencies .
The war will be waged in the name of liberating Georgia from Russian imperialism and stopping Putin from achieving his alleged ambition to control critical western - owned pipelines around the Caspian Basin .
Much of this “ think tank ” generated narrative has already appeared in the mainstream media or been articulated by American political elites .
Meanwhile , the fighting in the Caucasus has diverted attention from the massive US naval armada that is presently sailing towards the Persian Gulf for the long - anticipated confrontation with Iran .
Operation Brimstone , the joint US , UK and French naval war games in the Atlantic Ocean preparing for a naval blockade of Iran , ended just last week .
The war games were designed to simulate a naval blockade of Iran and the probable Iranian response .
According to Earl of Stirling on the Global Research web site :
“ The war games included a US Navy supercarrier battle group , an US Navy expeditionary carrier battle group , a Royal Navy carrier battle group , a French nuclear hunter - killer submarine plus a large number of US Navy cruisers , destroyers and frigates playing the “ enemy force .
The lead American ship in these war games , the USS Theodore Roosevelt ( CVN71 ) and its Carrier Strike Group Two ( CCSG - 2 ) are now headed towards Iran along with the USS Ronald Reagen ( CVN76 ) and its Carrier Strike Group Seven ( CCSG - 7 ) coming from Japan . ”
Stirling adds : “ A strategic diversion has been created for Russia .
The South Ossetia capital has been shelled and a large Georgian tank force has been heading towards the border ….
American Marines , a thousand of them , have recently been in Georgia training the Georgian military forces …
Russia has stated that it will not sit by and allow the Georgians to attack South Ossetia … This could get bad , and remember it is just a strategic diversion …. but one that could have horrific effects . ”
( “ Massive US Naval Armada Heads for Iran ” , Earl of Stirling , Global Research )
In June , former foreign policy adviser to President Jimmy Carter , Zbigniew Brzezinski , presented the basic storyline that would be used against Russia two full months before the Georgian invasion of South Ossetia .
The article appeared on the Kavkazcenter web site .
Brzezinski said the United States witnessed “ cases of possible threats by Russia , directed at Georgia with the intention of taking control over the Baku - Ceyhan pipeline ” .
Brzezinski : “ Russia actively tends to isolate the Central Asian region from direct access to world economy , especially to energy supplies ..
If Georgia government is destabilized , western access to Baku , Caspian Sea and further will be limited ” .
http://www.kavkazcenter.com/eng/content/2008/06/13/9798.shtml
Nonsense .
Neither Putin nor newly - elected president Dmitry Medvedev have any such intention .
It is absurd to think that Russia , having extracted itself from two pointless wars in Chechnya and Afghanistan , and after years of grinding poverty and social unrest following the fall of the Soviet state , would choose to wage an energy war with the nuclear - armed US military .
That would be complete madness .
Brzezinski’s speculation is part of broader narrative that ’s been crafted for the western media to provide a rationale for upcoming aggression against Russia .
Brzezinski is not only the architect of the mujahadin - led campaign against Russia in Afghanistan in the 1980s , but also , the author of “ The Grand Chessboard –American Primacy and it ’s Geostrategic Imperatives ” , the operating theory behind the war on terror which involves massive US intervention in Central Asia to control vital resources , fragment Russia , and surround manufacturing giant , China .
“ The Grand Chessboard ” it is the 21st century ’s version of the Great Game .
The book begins with this revealing statement :
“ Ever since the continents started interacting politically , some five hundred years ago , Eurasia has been the center of world power ….. The key to controlling Eurasia , says Brzezinski , is controlling the Central Asian Republics . ”
This is the heart - and - soul of the war on terror .
The real braintrust behind “ neverending conflict ” was actually focussed on Central Asia .
It was the pro-Israeli crowd in the Republican Party that pulled the old switcheroo and refocussed on the Middle East rather than Eurasia .
Now , powerful members of the US foreign policy establishment ( Brzezinski , Albright , Holbrooke ) have regrouped behind the populist “ cardboard ” presidential candidate Barak Obama and are preparing to redirect America ’s war efforts to the Asian theater .
Obama offers voters a choice of wars not a choice against war .
On Sunday , Brzezinski accused Russia of imperial ambitions comparing Putin to “ Stalin and Hitler ” in an interview with Nathan Gardels .
Gardels :
What is the world to make of Russia ’s invasion of Georgia ?
Zbigniew Brzezinski : Fundamentally at stake is what kind of role Russia will play in the new international system . ( aka : New World Order )
Unfortunately , Putin is putting Russia on a course that is ominously similar to Stalin ’s and Hitler ’s in the late 1930s .
Swedish foreign minister Carl Bildt has correctly drawn an analogy between Putin ’s “ justification ” for dismembering Georgia — because of the Russians in South Ossetia — to Hitler ’s tactics vis a vis Czechoslovakia to “ free ” the Sudeten Deutsch .
Even more ominous is the analogy of what Putin is doing vis-a - vis Georgia to what Stalin did vis-a - vis Finland : subverting by use of force the sovereignty of a small democratic neighbor .
In effect , morally and strategically , Georgia is the Finland of our day .
The question the international community now confronts is how to respond to a Russia that engages in the blatant use of force with larger imperial designs in mind : to reintegrate the former Soviet space under the Kremlin ’s control and to cut Western access to the Caspian Sea and Central Asia by gaining control over the Baku / Ceyhan pipeline that runs through Georgia .
In brief , the stakes are very significant .
At stake is access to oil as that resource grows ever more scarce and expensive and how a major power conducts itself in our newly interdependent world , conduct that should be based on accommodation and consensus , not on brute force .
If Georgia is subverted , not only will the West be cut off from the Caspian Sea and Central Asia .
We can logically anticipate that Putin , if not resisted , will use the same tactics toward the Ukraine .
Putin has already made public threats against Ukraine . ”
( “ Brzezinski : Russia ’s invasion of Georgia is Reminiscent of Stalin ’s attack on Finland ” ; Huffington Post )
Brzezinski takes great pride in being a disciplined and rational spokesman for US imperial projects .
It is unlike him to use such hysterical rhetoric .
Perhaps , the present situation is more tenuous than we know .
Could it be that the financial system is closer to meltdown - phase than anyone realizes ?
It should be clear by Brzezinski ’s comments that Georgia ’s invasion of South Ossetia was not another incoherent exercise in neocon chest - thumping , but part of a larger strategy to drag Russia into an endless conflict that will sap its resources , decrease its prestige on the global stage , weaken its grip on regional power , strengthen frayed alliances between Europe and America , and divert attention from a larger campaign in the Gulf .
It is particularly worrisome that Brzezinski appears to be involved in the planning .
Brzezinski , Holbrooke and Albright form the “ Imperialist A - Team ” ; these are not the bungling “ Keystone Cops ” neocons like Feith and Rumsfeld who trip over themselves getting out of bed in the morning .
These are cold - blooded Machiavellian imperialists who know how to work the media and the diplomatic channels to conceal their genocidal operations behind a smokescreen of humanitarian mumbo-jumbo .
They know what they are doing and they are good at it .
They ’re not fools .
They have aligned themselves with the Obama camp and are preparing for the next big outbreak of global trouble - making .
This should serve as a sobering wake - up call for voters who still think Obama represents “ Change We Can Believe In ” .
Richard Holbrooke appeared on Tuesday ’s Jim Lerher News Hour with resident neocon Margaret Warner .
Typical of Warner ’s “ even - handed ” approach , both of the interviewees were ultra-conservatives from right - wing think tanks : Richard Holbrooke , from the Council on Foreign Relations and Dmiti Simes from the Nixon Center .
According to Holbrooke , “ The Russians deliberately provoked ( the fighting in South Ossetia ) and timed it for the Olympics .
This is a long - standing Russian effort to get rid of President Saakashvili . ”
Right .
Is that why Putin was so shocked when he heard the news ( while he was in Beijing ) that he quickly boarded a plane and headed for Moscow ?
( after shaking his finger angrily at Bush ! )
Holbrooke : “ And I want to stress , I ’m not a warmonger , and I do n’t want a new Cold War any more than Dimitri does … .
The Russians wish to re-establish a historic area of hegemony that includes Ukraine .
And it is no accident that the other former Soviet republics are watching this and extraordinarily upset , as Putin progresses with an attempt to re-create a kind of a hegemonic space . ”
It is impossible to go over all of Holbrooke ’s distortions , half - truths and lies in one article but , what is important is to recognize that a false narrative is being constructed to demonize Putin and to justify future hostilities against Russia .
Holbrooke ’s bogus assertions are identical to Brzezinski’s , and yet , these same lies are already appearing in the mainstream media .
The propaganda “ bullet points ” have already been determined ; “ Putin is a menace ” , ” Putin wants to rebuild the Soviet empire ” , “ Putin is an autocrat ” .
( Unlike our “ freedom loving ” allies in Saudi Arabia , Jordan and Egypt ! ?!)
In truth , Putin is simply enjoying Russia ’s newly acquired energy - wealth and would like to be left alone .
But it is impossible to be left alone when the US spends 24 hours a day pestering people .
The world deserves a break from an extremely irritating USA .
So why are Brzezinski and his backers in the foreign policy establishment demonizing Putin and threatening Russia with “ ostracism , isolation and economic penalties ? ”
What is Putin ’s crime ?
Putin ’s problems can be traced back to a speech he made in Munich nearly two years ago when he declared unequivocally that he rejected the basic tenets of the Bush Doctrine and US global hegemony .
His speech amounted to a Russian Declaration of Independence .
That ’s when western elites , particularly at the Council on Foreign Relations and the American Enterprise Institute put Putin on their “ enemies list ” along with Ahmadinejad , Chavez , Castro , Morales , Mugabe and anyone else who refuses to take orders from the Washington Mafia .
Here ’s what Putin said in Munich :
“ The unipolar world refers to a world in which there is one master , one sovereign — - one center of authority , one center of force , one center of decision - making .
At the end of the day this is pernicious not only for all those within this system , but also for the sovereign itself because it destroys itself from within . …
What is even more important is that the model itself is flawed because at its basis there is and can be no moral foundations for modern civilization . ”
“ Unilateral and frequently illegitimate actions have not resolved any problems .
Moreover , they have caused new human tragedies and created new centers of tension .
Judge for yourselves — wars as well as local and regional conflicts have not diminished .
More are dying than before .
Significantly more , significantly more !
Today we are witnessing an almost uncontained hyper-use of force – military force – in international relations , force that is plunging the world into an abyss of permanent conflicts .
We are seeing a greater and greater disdain for the basic principles of international law .
And independent legal norms are , as a matter of fact , coming increasingly closer to one state ’s legal system .
One state and , of course , first and foremost the United States , has overstepped its national borders in every way .
This is visible in the economic , political , cultural and educational policies it imposes on other nations .
Well , who likes this ?
Who is happy about this ?
In international relations we increasingly see the desire to resolve a given question according to so - called issues of political expediency , based on the current political climate .
And of course this is extremely dangerous .
It results in the fact that no one feels safe .
I want to emphasize this – no one feels safe !
Because no one can feel that international law is like a stone wall that will protect them .
Of course such a policy stimulates an arms race .
I am convinced that we have reached that decisive moment when we must seriously think about the architecture of global security . ”
Every word Putin spoke was true which is why it was not reprinted in the western media .
“ Unilateral and illegitimate military actions ” , the “ uncontained hyper-use of force ” , the “ disdain for the basic principles of international law ” , and most importantly ; “ No one feels safe ! ”
Putin ’s claims are all indisputable , that is why he has entered the neocons crosshairs .
He poses a direct challenge to — what Brzezinski calls — the “ international system ” , which is shorthand for the corporate / banking cartel that is controlled by the western oligarchy of racketeers .
South Ossetia was a trap and Putin took the bait .
Unfortunately for Bush , the wily Russian prime minister is considerably brighter than anyone in the current administration .
Bush ’s plan will undoubtedly backfire and disrupt the geopolitical balance of power .
The world might get that breather from the US after all .
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Description :
Old footage of some Italian babe singing topless in what seem to be the 80s .
A good set of boobs though does n't age ..
Views : 276416 Date : September 19 , 2008 Favorited : 35
DIGG THIS
War is like a big machine that no one really knows how to run and when it gets out of control it ends up destroying the things you thought you were fighting for , and a lot of other things you kinda forgot you had .
~ Anonymous
When explaining the advantages of living in a society grounded in liberty and voluntary relationships — rather than the statist model of institutionalized violence — the question that invariably provides the final hurdle to overcome is that involving national defense .
Intelligent minds can grasp how streets and highways , schools , fire protection , parks , and other traditional governmental functions can be performed in the marketplace .
But as if out of fear of letting go of the statist model altogether , most will hang on to the question : how would a non-statist society protect people from invasion and occupation by a foreign state ?
In a stateless society , what would prevent our being taken over and tyrannized by outside forces ?
For many — even those who favor a minimal state — " national defense " is a necessity not to be entrusted to the unstructured nature of a society of free people .
My initial response to such hesitancy is to point out that a strong , national government makes us more vulnerable to attack and invasion .
The state serves not as a shield that protects us , but a jugular vein that provides others with a central target to be subdued .
If men and women have been foolish enough to identify themselves with a nation - state , such attachments make it easy for their governments to transfer their compliant herds to another power .
Consider how easily Hitler and Stalin were able — in some cases within a matter of days — to subdue neighboring lands , acquiring in the processes of surrender people already well - trained in the duties of obedience .
Imagine , by contrast , the difficulties that would be faced by any political system intent on invading and subduing men and women already accustomed to liberty .
If the Chinese government was intent on conquering a stateless America , how would it go about doing so ?
If shiploads of trained soldiers arrived in Los Angeles , for example , where would they go to bring about a surrender of the population ?
There would be no mayor , governor , or president to surrender a collective horde to such external forces .
Knowing that whatever defenses they had to such an attack rested upon themselves , millions of individuals would doubtless devise their own methods of protection .
The invading soldiers would have to go door - to - door in an effort to subdue Angelenos .
Local people do not take kindly to being invaded and occupied , and will vigorously resist same , a truth that is being rediscovered in places like Iraq , whose state army was long ago disbanded .
The inability of governments to effectively resist invasions and attacks has been well - demonstrated in the continuing immigration of Central Americans into America — people who come for peaceful purposes — as well as the attacks of 9/11 .
That otherwise intelligent beings can continue to sanction the looting of trillions of dollars in furtherance of the illusion that the state is protecting them in some way , is a testament to how well their minds have been conditioned by their masters !
But beyond such apparent arguments against the national defense myth is to be found a more significant truth : national " defense " has nothing whatsoever to do with defending the lives , liberty , and property interests of Americans !
The " defense " system is , in fact , a system of offense against , principally , the American people .
During my youth , this proposition was made much clearer in identifying the conduct of war as being under the direction of the " War Department . "
Once World War II was over , and the American government had decided that peace was no longer a value to be pursued ; that a permanent war machine was to be set up on behalf of a worldwide corporate - state hegemony , such an emergent purpose had to be disguised as " national defense . "
The " state " has been defined , by most , as an institution with a monopoly on the use of violence within a given territory .
Violence must be resorted to by political systems in order to overcome the self - interested purposes by which individuals conduct their lives .
As the state increases the numbers of people to be regulated — as well as the size of the territory within which it operates — it is increasingly confronted by the countervailing forces of individual and private group interests .
The state ’s response , invariably , is to further expand the coercively - backed demands by which it rules .
The larger the nation that is to be subdued by violence , in other words , the more powerful the force that is needed to terrorize the population into obedience .
The statists are well aware that political systems have never arisen through a " social contract ; " that contracts are far too personal in nature to allow for the illusion of 300,000,000 people participating in some collective meeting of the minds about anything .
Augmented by the deception with which political systems have rationalized their nature and origins , the state has always been the product of violent conquest .
Even as the Constitution was undergoing ratification — but after the requisite nine states had approved the document so as to bring it into fruition — the resulting United States government threatened the recalcitrant state of Rhode Island with invasion and a blockade of its port should it fail to ratify .
Rhode Island can truly be said to be the first victim of American imperialism !
As we have seen in recent decades , the strengthening of our " national defense " system has always been accompanied by a weakening of our liberty and the protection of our lives and property that it was the avowed purpose of this system to defend .
Taxes become sharply increased , and regulations of our privacy and daily conduct expand to meet what usually turns out to be a bogus threat ( e.g. , " terrorists " ) .
How much more are our lives policed and restricted today than they were prior to 9/11 ?
When " our " state deprives us of what we are trained to fear others will take from us , it is time for thoughtful people to examine their conditioning .
To those who cluck that , without a strong system of national defense , we could be " taken over " by hostile powers , the Rhode Island episode should be illuminating .
We have already been " taken over " by hostile powers , emanating from such places as Washington , D.C. , Sacramento , Albany , Springfield , and all other settings where men and women presume the power to rule others .
In order to maintain their authority , statists require the means of enforcing their will upon others .
Because political systems enjoy a monopoly on the use of violence , their very existence depends upon the permanent installation and equipping of mechanisms of state - directed violence .
This is the role played by police and military forces ( i.e. , those we delude ourselves into believing are employed to " protect and serve " our interests ) .
When Walt Kelly ’s " Pogo Possum " announced to his friends that " we have met the enemy and they is us , " he was providing the essence of what we need to know about the nature of state power .
His lesson has been echoed so many times in so many places throughout America as men and women have been clubbed , gassed , tear - gassed , caged , and even shot , for daring to openly dissent from the policies of the political establishment .
Lest anyone fail to get the message that the well - being of the state depends upon the most arbitrary exercise of its violent capacities , the performance of its " national defense " agencies in foreign lands should awaken them .
If the homes of Iraqis can be bombed and forcibly entered with blazing guns ; if critics of such practices can be rounded up and shipped off to various foreign lands to be tortured and held without trial ; if small children can be blown apart by soldiers employed by political leaders who like to pretend that they are " pro-life ; " what message is left for those of us to consume in the safety of our living rooms ?
When Randolph Bourne told us that " war is the health of the state , " he was fully cognizant of the fact that the war mentality is essential to the creation and enforcement of the collective mindset upon which state power rests .
It is what war does to the rest of us , not just to those upon whom the bombs fall , that gives the state its authority .
This is why large nation - states ( e.g. , the United States , Great Britain , Soviet Union , Germany , etc. ) require an ongoing war system , and why smaller nations ( e.g. , Switzerland , Liechtenstein , Iceland , Ireland , etc. ) manage to get along quite profitably and peacefully without resorting to wars .
In his important book , The Breakdown of Nations , Leopold Kohr addressed the symbiotic relationship existing between organizational size and the exercise of destructive political power .
" Whenever something is wrong , something is too big , " he warned , an insight that goes a long way toward explaining why America — the most militarily powerful nation in history — has become such a tyrannical and destructive force throughout the world .
That so few Americans are willing to be aware of or critical of this pathological condition , testifies to the impact power - based thinking has on the minds of those who believe themselves to be " protected " by such forces .
The exercise of coercive power begets enemies , a lesson Ron Paul tried to impress upon the vacuous Rudy Giuliani , and of which Chalmers Johnson has written in his book , Blowback .
If power is to be maintained — an end to which every institution is devoted — it requires a regular exercise or else , like highly - developed muscles , it atrophies and becomes flabby .
But there is a downside to the escalation of the use of power , which may help to explain why a number of civilizations — e.g. , the western portion of the Roman empire , and modern America — seem to have gone into entropic collapses following expanded militaristic adventures .
Perhaps a useful analogy is to be found in Lewis Thomas ’ book , The Lives of a Cell , in which he makes the suggestion that our immune systems are often the cause of death not because of their failure to ward off bacteria or viruses , but because of our defense mechanisms ’ over - reaction to foreign agents .
Our immune system may over - react to the invasion of a given bacterium — a response out of all proportion to the physical threat posed — and , perhaps by raising our bodily temperature to 110 degrees , bring about our death .
Is there a lesson for us in all of this ?
Might the systems we have created , ostensibly for our " protection , " be the sources of our social miseries and destruction ?
Perhaps the statists can learn from one of their own , Winston Churchill , who , in 1936 , offered the view that the United States , by intervening in World War I , probably brought about the rise of Nazism in Germany , Fascism in Italy , and Communism in Russia .
For the sake of life on this planet , we must give up the fantasies that are destroying us , and no longer indulge in the lies our institutional masters expect us to continue verbalizing .
The Best of Butler Shaffer
“ Greed is good . ”
These immortal words , uttered by Michael Douglas as Gordon Gekko in Oliver Stone ’s 1987 smash hit Wall Street , were iconic of the go - go , Reagan - era 80s .
The story of an ambitious young trader who gets caught up in a world of high - stakes trading and questionable ethics , gambles everything and loses it all has become as applicable today as it was 20 years ago .
The New York Times released a graph from an Economic Policy Institute study showing that executive salaries were 275 times the average worker ’s salary in 2007 , compared to only 28 times the average worker ’s salary in 1970 .
( To see a visual representation of this graph , visit Portfolio.com ) .
In today ’s dollars , if the average worker was pulling in $ 30,000 annually that would mean the average CEO would be making a whopping $ 8,250,000 per year .
Can someone really be worth 275 times more than someone else ?
I ’m sure most of us would agree that a CEO candidate usually brings more education and experience to their job than does the average worker , but do they truly bring 275 times more ?
Is the work that a CEO does worth 275 times that of the average employee ?
A CEO is charged with making decisions both large and small .
They lead the company , they have the ultimate say and absorb the responsibility of making the right decisions , all of the time .
The fate of the company rests on their shoulders and they should be compensated accordingly .
But a company is not a singular entity .
One person alone could not run a fortune 500 business .
Does not every employee from the executive in the penthouse to the receptionist in the lobby play a vital role in making a business successful ?
As our members of congress hammer out one of the most massive government bailouts of private industry in our history , a major stumbling block to the negotiations has been whether or not to put caps on what some perceive as ballooning executive pay .
If message boards are any indication , Americans are outraged at what they see as outrageously excessive compensation .
Every article I read on the bailout or executive pay is accompanied by hundreds of comments , none of which defend executives .
Why is the average American worker so angry ?
In most businesses today I think there is a systematic de-valuing of the contributions of the average worker .
While a high - priced consulting firm with years of experience and a brilliant portfolio may come up with extensively researched , strategically written customer service scripts to ensure maximum sales for a call center , it is the ‘ lowly ’ call - center employee who is on the phone with a dissatisfied customer , providing friendly voice , sympathetic ear and exercising their critical thinking skills to create a win-win situation for both the company and the client .
Yet , a call - center worker who spends all day everyday working the phones is treated to less respect , fewer benefits and lower pay than someone who spends their time “ being creative ” in an office with a view .
The American worker is angry because they are overworked , underpaid and disrespected .
After watching corporate executives jump off a sinking ship with golden parachute strapped to their backs while employees and shareholders are left holding the bag ( see the failure of my local bank , Washington Mutual ) , congress is now asking these displaced workers , these shareholders who are looking at their retirement accounts being gutted to pick up the pieces and bailout Wall Street .
I ’m resigned to the fact that a bailout is necessary to keep our economy and financial sector from collapsing , but executive pay has skyrocketed beyond reason and it is time for those at the top to remember that no man is an island , and they ca n’t take singular credit for the efforts of many if they do n’t plan to take the blame as well .
Church Announces : " Sarah Palin Week " NATIONAL NEWS : Sarah Palin Week Extravaganza Festivities , Events , and More : Freehold , Iowa - Freehold , Iowa - " I do hereby declare the last week of October , Sarah Palin Week , " Pastor Deacon Fred told church members on Sunday morning .
" There will be prayer meetings , special events , chaste flirting , educational sessions , luncheons , invitation dinners , sermons , classes for children and services dedicated to all things Sarah Palin , " he continued .
" Please be sure to pick up several copies of the $ 58 Sarah Palin Week Souvenir Brochure in the main lobby after services today .
We expect 100 % participation from every member of this church .
If you 're not slung up in a hospital somewhere , pooping your Jell - O out into a Tupperware commode like poor John McCain last week , you had better show your face as we honor this lovely woman .
But let 's make something clear :
We are venerating Sister Sarah , not worshipping her .
I 'm not entirely sure what that distinction is , but you hear it from those lying Cath - a - holics all the time .
The thing is , unlike them , we mean it .
And also note that in order to maintain our tax - exempt status , this special Christian week to honor a person we love and care about very deeply should in no way sway your decision in regard to what party or which person you will be voting for this upcoming election .
Friends , there are plenty of unspoken incentives already in place to protect you from pulling a leaver in a voting booth this November in such a way that it becomes a slip - latch to the gates of Hell !
Oh Glory !
Schedule of Events :
Sarah Palin Week
Landover Baptist Church , Freehold Iowa
Please Note : Events and Prices Could Change Without Notice Sunday 3 P.M. - Sarah Palin Moose and Elk Meat Alaskan - Style Barbecue .
The buffet will offer all of Sarah Palin 's favorite home cooked recipes including her famous sweet Bear Claw dessert .
5 P.M. Dedication of the Bristol Palin Christian Quarantine Facility for Famous Unwed Teenage Mothers on Freedom Avenue .
7 P.M. Special Sarah Palin Sermon in Main Sanctuary : " And God Said , It 's Time to Put a Pretty Face in the White House " Pastor Deacon Fred preaching .
9 P.M. Sarah Palin Endangered Species Pelt Raffle Sister Sarah will raffle off 1,800 sq. yards of wall - to - wall carpeting for your den or rumpus room made from the bleached pelts of infant polar bears she has chased around the ice and shot in the face with a machine gun from the Governor 's hovering helicopter .
Monday 9 A.M. Sarah Palin Christian Prayer Breakfast in the new Cindy McCain Banquet Hall and Pharmacy at the Landover Baptist Resort and Hotel on Waterwalk Avenue , to the left as you turn right on highway 7 at the Red Sea World exit .
2 P.M. Sarah Palin Live Animal Skinning Demonstration .
Church members should bring old or unwanted pets , stray cats or livestock animals so they can follow along with Sister Sarah and the Landover Ladies as they perform a step - by - step authentic wilderness animal skinning survival demonstration on a deer Pastor 's limousine pinned up against a pine tree last night .
Everyone will then have their own clumps of animal flesh and fur as Sarah and her husband , Todd will teach us later how to stitch together an authentic Eskimo fire - water pouch .
7 P.M. Sarah Palin Fashion Show - Sponsored by Wal - Mart and the Burlington Coat Outlet - West Lawn Invitation Only . 8 P.M. Sarah Palin addresses the fine Christian ladies of Bringing Integrity To Christian Homemakers .
Sarah will demonstrate techniques used by the Eskimos in her hometown to get a child to fall quickly to sleep .
Please bring a rag , some kerosene and a hipflask of vodka .
Tuesday 8 A.M. Sarah Palin Plenary Session - " Rebellious Children , God 's Blessing and Satan's Curse " 10 A.M. Sarah Palin Fertility Clinic Grand Opening - 18 Soul Winner 's Lane between the Chick - fil - A and the House of Laura Bush Pantsuit Emporium .
2 P.M. Sarah Palin Tea on the Meadow with Landover Ladies ( discussion will be relegated to making ONLY POSITIVE remarks about Sister Sarah 's children .
If in doubt , a 17 - page , single - spaced list of forbidden topics is available as a guide to the less naturally tactful next to the last ATM to the right in the main lobby .
All copies of this list must be returned to Pastor for burning before our guest arrives ) .
7 P.M. Sarah Palin Hour of Imprecatory Prayer - Church members will dedicate one hour of prayer to all matters concerning Sister Sarah and against the principalities of darkness who would see any ill will toward her .
A note from our Jewish lawyers : No VOCALIZED death threats will be permitted .
Wednesday 9 A.M. Voter 's Registration Card Exchange - Church members drop off free Popeye 's Fried Chicken Meals and pick up voter 's registration cards from poor families in Des Moines who do n't know how to vote correctly 12 P.M. Sarah Palin Back to School Lunch .
Parents of Saved children age 4 - 18 will meet their kids for lunch to hear a special message about Sarah Palin and her views on Creation Science Education over the intercom , including tales her great - granddaddy told her about the day he crossed paths with a friendly Tyrannosaurus Rex on the way back from the fishing hole .
Lunch will consist of Sarah Palin's Alaskan Salmon recipe , acorn muffins and home made Republican grown applesauce .
9 P.M. The Books Sarah Palin and Jesus Want You to Burn -
This annual event was formerly called , " The Harry Potter Book Burning "
This year we are going to burn all of the books Sarah Palin hates .
See any Christian public school principal in your district for a full list .
Thursday 10 A.M. Sarah Palin Witnessing Tips and Sarah Palin Recipe Exchange -
The Landover Ladies will hold a session in the West Chapel to discuss ways to share the message of Christ and Sarah Palin with unsaved friends and loved ones .
Recipes will be exchanged after witnessing methods are exhausted .
2 P.M. Sarah Palin Casualwear Line Unveiled at Landover Christian Mall 5 P.M. Sarah Palin Big Country Diner Opens with ribbon cutting ceremony on South Jesus Blvd. 7 P.M. Sarah Palin's Favorite Bible Verses -
A teaching sermon in the main sanctuary - Brother Harry Hardwick presenting 9 P.M. Sarah Palin Reprisal and Redemption Dual Ceremony :
As most of you know , Heather Hardwick 's second scullery maid Lavoris was raped 7 months ago by Jasper Lionel Washingtun .
To celebrate the Culture of Life , Sister Sarah Palin will strike the Golden Gavel of Judgment , simultaneously signaling to Mr. Washintun 's guard to hang him from the giant sycamore tree -- and for Miss Lavoris ' doctor to induce labor .
In this glorious moment of righteousness , when both scream the Lord 's name in vain and pain , we will see the swift hand of God 's judgment at the same time we see the generous hand of His love , as a 13 year - old girl joyously gives birth to her dying rapist 's child .
Talk about a Kodak moment !
Do n't miss this Amazing True Christian™ event !
Friday 10 A.M. Sarah Palin Look - A - Like and Sarah Palin Costume Contest -
This contest serves as a fun Christian alternative to Halloween and will be held separately in six school gymnasiums throughout the Freehold , Iowa area .
12 NOON Mothers of Landover hosts a luncheon to honor Sarah Palin .
Palin 's special address : " Picking a day each month when you will see one of your children . "
3 P.M. Todd Palin and Levi Johnston Hockey Lessons -
Interested youths will need to sign up a week in advance - The event takes place at the Landover Baptist Ice Arena in Mountain View .
Young ladies will not be permitted to be with Levi unchaperoned .
7 P.M. Sarah Palin Baptism of the Holy Spirit - Feet Hot For Jesus Pentecostal Revival - Although not mandatory for Landover Baptist Church members , we will be sponsoring the event for friends at the Assemblies of God who will allow us to record " tongues " events for Creation Science research and gag - reel , belly - laughs for the Board of Deacons Retreat later this Fall .
Miss Palin will sing a naughty sea shanty entirely in tongues .
Saturday 7 A.M. Sarah Palin Center for Creation Science Research - Ribbon Cutting Ceremony and Dedication .
10 A.M. Sarah and Todd Palin Christ - Centered Animal Hunting Tips - Sarah and Todd will share how their love of the Lord and their love of killing helpless animals makes for a fantastic spiritual experience .
They will spend an afternoon praying and killing with members of the Landover Baptist Christian Gun Association .
11 : AM A greased - salmon catch in the main baptism pool .
12 P.M. Sarah Palin 2 K a Plate Alaskan Lunch - Limited to 30 Seats , Sarah Palin with be thawing and microwaving her favorite Hungry Jack ™ meals .
3 P.M. Barack " Sambo " Obama Effigy Burning and Dedication .
Sarah Palin Rifle Range .
Mrs. Palin will light the match at 3:15 PM SHARP !
7 P.M. Sarah Palin Eyewear Center Dedication - Free Sarah Palin glasses for first 100 to arrive Sunday 9 A.M. Sarah Palin Themed Morning Church Service - Sarah Palin 's favorite hymns will be sung , her favorite Bible verses read , 10 children of unwed mothers will be rebuked and then baptized , the sermon - " Sarah Palin is Almost as Popular As Jesus -- and Prettier ! " will be preached by Pastor Deacon Fred .
Pastor will close Sarah Palin week with a benediction thanking God for the gift of Sarah Palin to Christian America and asking church members to dedicate one day out of each month of their lives to talking , sharing , believing , hoping and praying about Sarah Palin .
Text Copyright 2008 , Americhrist Ltd.
All rights reserved .
Terms of Service
The Landover Baptist Church website is not intended to be viewed by anyone under 18
READER COMMENTS ON
" Amy Goodman and Two Producers of ' Democracy Now ! '
Arrested While Covering Protests at RNC "
( 29 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... SugarMags said on 9/1/2008 @ 7:41 pm PT ...
well , i began the day watching videos at firedoglake of " hippy houses " being raided for no good reason - only to end the day with the heartbreaking video of amy goodman , a woman of whom i spend an hour every day with during my morning walks .
not only do we have the right to peaceably protest , but we also have a freedom of the press .
i guess it seems fitting that they are both trampled on during the rnc .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Larry Bergan said on 9/1/2008 @ 9:09 pm PT ...
GOOD !
The more they cross the line , the stronger we get !
Amy Goodman is the best television journalist out there and now she is going to be better then ever !
FOOLS !
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 9/1/2008 @ 10:12 pm PT ...
It 's not like this is n't an unacceptable pattern .
MacArthur Park , 2004 RNC .
Fuck man .
We need cops .
We need protestors .
We need Journalism .
We need Over the Air Broadcast Indy Media .
So let me see , Amy Goodman " inciting a riot . "
Who ever said that should never work for any form of government or law enforcement ever again .
Whoever FAILED to question that , should never work for government or law enforcement or contract or lobby , or ANYTHING ever again .
I guess having a link to " Democracy Now ! " on your website makes you a terrorist .
Or so the Bush / Rovian think would have you think .
In actuality , the cops are being used as a political , and legal pawn for domestic terrorism .
Them , not Me , not You , not Bradblog .
Where does that oath to protect the constitution , against all enemies foreign and domestic stop and civil war begin ?
How many cops are veterans and KNOW exactly what I am saying !?
Why would anyone want to protest anymore ?
It 's offically dangerous .
And worse than that , if you can't protest , what is left ?
Do n't sit there and cringe reading this , do n't sit there and try to make me into suggesting something I am not .
I am simply asking a question .
I 've asked this question a lot of times , different ways .
Yet I still have not seen an answer to it .
Meanwhile while you ponder that , your ability to run an underground news station is slowly slipping away with the incremental attack on net neutrality .
It 's not all just the government bills being passed , now it 's coming from stealth sources , proxies of denial .
We 'll give you a data cap , we 'll block a port , we 'll TOS / AUP you .
To use a figure of speech , our web communications are dying by " Death by a thousand cuts . "
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 9/2/2008 @ 12:29 am PT ...
Yup Larry , they just stepped on the wrong persons toes there
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 9/2/2008 @ 6:32 am PT ...
I guess they figure there are only so many people who actually comprehend what the Constitution says and do n't have as much money to fight in court against those that have most of the money and are destroying it !
The new measure of being a true patriot ... have you been arrested for defending the original Constitution yet ?
God , I can't wait till corporations are no longer considered a person with accompanying rights !
That will quickly get us back on track to real democracy again .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Bamboo Harvester said on 9/2/2008 @ 9:21 am PT ...
THIS IS A FUCKING gop TRAVESTY !!!
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Joan said on 9/2/2008 @ 9:52 am PT ...
# 1 SugarMags ,
I 'm not sure if the police / media / whoemver are calling them hippie houses -- probably are -- but Tom Hartman just had Amy Goodman & her colleagues on his show & said these were preemptive & very violent raids on SHIT !
I knew I 'd forget the damn names organizations that go to protests to document .
Their computers were taken , cameras etc
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Joan said on 9/2/2008 @ 9:55 am PT ...
Amy said as bad as it was for them , it was worse for protesters .
A lot of " scrawney kids " as she said were bloodied & manhandled by police at a peaceful protest
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Joan said on 9/2/2008 @ 10:02 am PT ...
Media were downplaying it & describing it as oh it was just " a few anarchists attacked delegates " .
They , Amy etc , described it as very very violent , their press credentials ripped from their necks , people forced to the ground with a boot in their backs , pepper spray direct to their faces , rubber bullets at pointblank range .
Christ , we 're in 1968 again .
Only worse .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... legaleagle said on 9/2/2008 @ 11:18 am PT ...
The police informed her that if she made an attempt to cross the line then she would be arrested .
From a legal standpoint she disobeyed a lawful order from a peace officer .
That is obstructing legal process in MN and that seems to be why she was arrested .
What she should have done is gone down to the jail after they were booked in and filed a complaint later .
However , she did n't that is why ended up in jail .
The police did n't do anything that was out of the scope of their authority and did not violate her constitutioinal rights .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Bamboo Harvester said on 9/2/2008 @ 12:06 pm PT ...
I always listen to Thom Hartmann He 's The Best !
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 9/2/2008 @ 12:22 pm PT ...
BH # 6 Yeah , the DNC fascists knew better than to arrest Amy .
Looks like tit for tat to me .
The Denver cops hauled away an ABC journalist too close to capturing Democrats hobnobbing with wealthy donors ....
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... MsKitty said on 9/2/2008 @ 3:00 pm PT ...
If you go to the Democracy Now and hear the whole report it is quite chilling .
After being beaten , ( enhanced arresting techniques ? ) and arrested for filming the events , uniformed thugs who would not identify themselves , took away some of their press passes so they would not have proof that they were approved press .
Apparently having a camera constitutes inciting a felony riot .
The local police did n't know who the thugs were for sure , but thought they were Secret Service .
I thought the job of the Secret Service was to protect the president .
The President 's job is to protect the Constitution .
Who were these characters ?
SS ?
( All of this occurred after protest groups , were pre-emptively raided ; their literature , computers , etc. confiscated .
Apparently having a difference in opinion from the ruling elite is also not permitted . ) yikes !
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Kate said on 9/2/2008 @ 5:01 pm PT ...
There were some protesters who were marching peacefully , while others were rioting .
I 'm all for peaceful marches , but when they turn violent , the game is over .
If Amy was photograhping in the mist of rioters , I can see how she'd get swept in to the mix that were arrested .
I 'd even think she 'd expect to be arrested .
We also film documentaries and there are boundaries that if you cross them , you are in fact participating in the crime / unrest / riot .
No doubt the rioting would make her documentary that much more exciting and her arrest is icing on the cake .
You can film confortation without contributing to the problem , but then Amy would miss out on the free publicity .
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... randy said on 9/2/2008 @ 5:44 pm PT ...
pretty funny .... i listen to demo.now all the time and find most of her views to be about as absurd as can be .
if you 're to the right of trotsky , amy g is against ya ..
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Bamboo Harvester said on 9/2/2008 @ 6:27 pm PT ...
# 12 , 99 ~ was that telcom fisa party ?
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 9/2/2008 @ 6:37 pm PT ...
Actually , I think it was another one a day or two later ....
The guy was on the sidewalk , public property , and trying to get footage of the Dems rubbing elbows with people who are n't wild about their support being public ....
I think I linked it on the day ... or maybe the day after and I think the title of the post was something about fascism ....
People were being mistreated in Denver too , and there were some outrageous incidences of them obviously trying to keep stuff under wraps , out of the public eye .
So I would like people to bear in mind that it is n't only Republicans enjoying the ruination of our Constitution .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... mikeyb said on 9/2/2008 @ 8:33 pm PT ...
you far left morons really like to believe your victims .. she should have been teargassed and dragged away with the other losers who pretend to be peaceful but try to start trouble any chance they get ... if i was governor it would be shoot to kill any liberal who tried to start trouble with violence .. then we would n't have to listen to this crying about always being an innocent bystander .. lets not vote for more taxes , more government programs , and more dependence on foreign oil ... lets let the community organizer go back to doing just that and vote for mccain ....
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... Bamboo Harvester said on 9/2/2008 @ 9:04 pm PT ...
mikeyb said on 9/2/2008 @ 8:33 pm PT ...
" if i was governor it would be shoot to kill any liberal who tried to start trouble with violence .. "
FYI ~
This blog resides in the United States of America where there are laws against that sort of thing .
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... oosoom said on 9/3/2008 @ 12:29 am PT ...
I think the police did what was necessary .
Just because a person is a journalist does not give them the right to cross lines &/ or cause rioting problems .
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 9/3/2008 @ 12:51 am PT ...
For those of you who think the police acted reasonably , I strongly suggest you watch the first part of Tuesday 's Democracy Now !
before you go any further .
They have video of the arrests and there is n't any way you could construe them as necessary or lawful .
If you care about our country , about our Constitution , for crapsakes watch it and do n't continue stumping for a police state on blogs .
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... GRW said on 9/3/2008 @ 6:51 am PT ...
Amy was wrong in crossing the line the officers had a job to do and done it .
If we dont have rules , and follow them we are in trouble .
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 9/3/2008 @ 11:11 am PT ...
She was identifying two of her coworkers the cops had slammed to the ground brutally for simply BEING there with cameras .
They were all audibly and visibly identifying themselves as press .
If you mean the officers had the job of beating and intimidating and hauling to jail law abiding journalists and innocent people , then , yes , they had a job to do and they did it .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-d9wmqO2Khw
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... Larry Bergan said on 9/3/2008 @ 11:45 am PT ...
A cop took away Amy 's press pass to the Republican convention saying " you wo n't be needing this . "
That 's outrageous .
Whatever happens at this trial , it will be " Democracy Now " against the entire rest of the media which we know will lie , not just because DN is a much better news source and could cut into their profits , but because they are just an arm of our government .
DN showed all of the footage they had and did n't color it .
The other " news " organizations will .
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... Nunyabiz said on 9/3/2008 @ 1:00 pm PT ...
I am always amazed and disgusted at the Reich wing mentality such as ( GRW , Oosoom , MikeyB ) .
Totally unbelievable .
Amy Goodman along with her crew did NOTHING what so ever to be arrested for and especially BEATEN and treated like mass murderers .
Crap such as this will unfortunately not only continue but escalate until about 100 +
Million really angry patriotic Americans say enough is enough and put a stop to it .
Sadly that is how this is going to end .
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 9/3/2008 @ 4:20 pm PT ...
http://www.theuptake.org/
http://youtube.com/watch?v=xHpDQpZ_NAI
The cops are being used as pawns .
The cops are unidentifiable .
The cops are breaking the law .
Police lawlessness denies citizen 's First Amendment Rights .
There can be no law or constitutional rights with this kind of unacceptable behavior .
Who is really behind this lawlessness ?
It would appear that there hidden powers behind this .
What is behind this seemingly complete lack of common sense ?
It would seem it was to deny disenting questions and opinion , and stop negative coverage .
Why are Journalists , Press , Media , and non-violent protesters being snared up in such dragnets ?
It would seem the cops are following unacceptable protocols .
How is this happening ?
It would seem surveilence and confiscation is alowing FISA type laws to be used politically .
It 's well planned , it 's domestic terrorism against citizens .
When is this happening ?
Specifically durring events that are being protected from negative publicity .
Where is this happening ?
At any events and protests all across America .
It 's the new law enforcement standard operating procedure .
And just like electronic voting , the corporate media considers this a blacklisted topic .
There 's your patterns , there 's your reasons , in fact I 'll go out on a limb and say it 's not just happening in the United States .
When you have people walking around doing illegal activity at police agencies and do n't identify themselves you have lawlessness .
Rubber bullets and chemical weapons are a chicken shit way to deal with violent protestors who mix in with non-violent protestors .
Carrying a sign is not violent , blocking a street is not violent , shooting off concussion bombs is violent .
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... gtash said on 9/4/2008 @ 8:16 am PT ...
Listen folks , the police interventions and pre-emptions have been accepted practice for a long time .
That they grow increasingly pervasive and more violent is being accepted as well .
The only thing that will once again grip anybody 's serious attention would be an all out street demonstration of unmanageable numbers of protesters on the night of McCain 's speech .
When someone talks about " disrupting " a convention , that means taking all attention off what is inside the halls of the convention center .
Now , I seriously doubt that is going to happen because -- as I said -- not only has the Republican / NeoCon way of business become status quo , but so too is the media coverage and police tactics .
People who are indignant will continue to be indignant , but they wo n't be hitting the streets .
They will continue to think the ballot box will work for them in the final analysis .
As Brad has repeatedly pointed out in his excellent reporting , the ballot box has been gamed beyond all redemption .
I feel very sorry for Ms Goodman and her colleagues , and all the protesters who have had their rights mauled as well as their bodies .
I notice that Ron Paul also drew 15,000 persons across town and nobody covered him either .
The status quo is intact -- and it's a goddamned shame .
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... gtash said on 9/4/2008 @ 8:18 am PT ...
And look at what is going on today : all we can talk about is Palin - Palin - Palin .
She did her job alright .
She took your attention away from where the problems lies .
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... gtash said on 9/4/2008 @ 10:21 am PT ...
Article I
Article II
Article III
Article IV
Article V
Article VI
Article VII
We the People of the United States , in Order to form a more perfect Union , establish Justice , insure domestic Tranquility provide for the common defence , promote the general Welfare , and secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity , do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America .
All legislative Powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States , which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives .
The House of Representatives shall be composed of Members chosen every second Year by the People of the several States , and the Electors in each State shall have the Qualifications requisite for Electors of the most numerous Branch of the State Legislature .
No Person shall be a Representative who shall not have attained to the age of twenty five Years , and been seven Years a Citizen of the United States , and who shall not , when elected , be an Inhabitant of that State in which he shall be chosen .
Representatives and direct
Taxes shall be apportioned among the several States which may be included within this Union , according to their respective Numbers , which shall be determined by adding to the whole Number of free Persons , including those bound to Service for a Term of Years , and excluding Indians not taxed , three fifths of all other Persons .
The actual Enumeration shall be made within three Years after the first Meeting of the Congress of the United States , and within every subsequent Term of ten Years , in such Manner as they shall by Law direct .
The Number of Representatives shall not exceed one for every thirty Thousand , but each State shall have at Least one Representative ; and until such enumeration shall be made , the State of New Hampshire shall be entitled to chuse three , Massachusetts eight , Rhode - Island and Providence Plantations one , Connecticut five , New - York six , New Jersey four , Pennsylvania eight , Delaware one , Maryland six , Virginia ten , North Carolina five , South Carolina five , and Georgia three .
When vacancies happen in the Representation from any State , the Executive Authority thereof shall issue Writs of Election to fill such Vacancies .
The House of Representatives shall chuse their Speaker and other Officers ; and shall have the sole Power of Impeachment .
The Senate of the United States shall be composed of two Senators from each State , chosen by the Legislature thereof , for six Years ; and each Senator shall have one Vote .
Immediately after they shall be assembled in Consequence of the first Election , they shall be divided as equally as may be into three Classes .
The Seats of the Senators of the first Class shall be vacated at the Expiration of the second Year , of the second Class at the Expiration of the fourth Year , and the third Class at the Expiration of the sixth Year , so that one third may be chosen every second Year ; and if Vacancies happen by Resignation , or otherwise , during the Recess of the Legislature of any State , the Executive thereof may make temporary Appointments until the next Meeting of the Legislature , which shall then fill such Vacancies .
No Person shall be a Senator who shall not have attained to the Age of thirty Years , and been nine Years a Citizen of the United States and who shall not , when elected , be an Inhabitant of that State for which he shall be chosen .
The Vice President of the United States shall be President of the Senate , but shall have no Vote , unless they be equally divided .
The Senate shall chuse their other Officers , and also a President pro tempore , in the Absence of the Vice President , or when he shall exercise the Office of President of the United States .
The Senate shall have the sole Power to try all Impeachments .
When sitting for that Purpose , they shall be on Oath or Affirmation .
When the President of the United States is tried , the Chief Justice shall preside : And no Person shall be convicted without the Concurrence of two thirds of the Members present .
Judgment in Cases of Impeachment shall not extend further than to removal from Office , and disqualification to hold and enjoy any Office of Honor , Trust or Profit under the United States : but the Party convicted shall nevertheless be liable and subject to Indictment , Trial , Judgment and Punishment , according to Law .
The Times , Places and Manner of holding Elections for Senators and Representatives , shall be prescribed in each State by the Legislature thereof ; but the Congress may at any time by Law make or alter such Regulations , except as to the Places of chusing Senators .
The Congress shall assemble at least once in every Year , and such Meeting shall be on the first Monday in December , unless they shall by Law appoint a different Day .
Each House shall be the Judge of the Elections , Returns and Qualifications of its own Members , and a Majority of each shall constitute a Quorum to do Business ; but a smaller Number may adjourn from day to day , and may be authorized to compel the Attendance of absent Members , in such Manner , and under such Penalties as each House may provide .
Each House may determine the Rules of its Proceedings , punish its Members for disorderly Behaviour , and , with the Concurrence of two thirds , expel a Member .
Each House shall keep a Journal of its Proceedings , and from time to time publish the same , excepting such Parts as may in their Judgment require Secrecy ; and the Yeas and Nays of the Members of either House on any question shall , at the Desire of one fifth of those Present , be entered on the Journal .
Neither House , during the Session of Congress , shall , without the Consent of the other , adjourn for more than three days , nor to any other Place than that in which the two Houses shall be sitting .
The Senators and Representatives shall receive a Compensation for their Services , to be ascertained by Law , and paid out of the Treasury of the United States .
They shall in all Cases , except Treason , Felony and Breach of the Peace , be privileged from Arrest during their Attendance at the Session of their respective Houses , and in going to and returning from the same ; and for any Speech or Debate in either House , they shall not be questioned in any other Place .
No Senator or Representative shall , during the Time for which he was elected , be appointed to any civil Office under the Authority of the United States , which shall have been created , or the Emoluments whereof shall have been encreased during such time : and no Person holding any Office under the United States , shall be a Member of either House during his Continuance in Office .
All Bills for raising Revenue shall originate in the House of Representatives ; but the Senate may propose or concur with Amendments as on other Bills .
Every Bill which shall have passed the House of Representatives and the Senate , shall , before it become a Law , be presented to the President of the United States ; if he approve he shall sign it , but if not he shall return it , with his Objections to that House in which it shall have originated , who shall enter the Objections at large on their Journal , and proceed to reconsider it .
If after such Reconsideration two thirds of that House shall agree to pass the Bill , it shall be sent , together with the Objections , to the other House , by which it shall likewise be reconsidered , and if approved by two thirds of that House , it shall become a Law .
But in all such Cases the Votes of both Houses shall be determined by Yeas and Nays , and the Names of the Persons voting for and against the Bill shall be entered on the Journal of each House respectively .
If any Bill shall not be returned by the President within ten Days ( Sundays excepted ) after it shall have been presented to him , the Same shall be a Law , in like Manner as if he had signed it , unless the Congress by their Adjournment prevent its Return , in which Case it shall not be a Law .
Every Order , Resolution , or Vote to which the Concurrence of the Senate and House of Representatives may be necessary ( except on a question of Adjournment ) shall be presented to the President of the United States ; and before the Same shall take Effect , shall be approved by him , or being disapproved by him , shall be repassed by two thirds of the Senate and House of Representatives , according to the Rules and Limitations prescribed in the Case of a Bill .
The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes , Duties , Imposts and Excises , to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States ; but all Duties , Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States ;
To borrow Money on the credit of the United States ;
To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations , and among the several States , and with the Indian Tribes ;
To establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization , and uniform Laws on the subject of Bankruptcies throughout the United States ;
To coin Money , regulate the Value thereof , and of foreign Coin , and fix the Standard of Weights and Measures ;
To provide for the Punishment of counterfeiting the Securities and current Coin of the United States ;
To establish Post Offices and post Roads ;
To promote the Progress of Science and useful Arts , by securing for limited Times to Authors and Inventors the exclusive Right to their respective Writings and Discoveries ;
To constitute Tribunals inferior to the supreme Court ;
To define and punish Piracies and Felonies committed on the high Seas , and Offences against the Law of Nations ;
To declare War , grant Letters of Marque and Reprisal , and make Rules concerning Captures on Land and Water ;
To raise and support Armies , but no Appropriation of Money to that Use shall be for a longer Term than two Years ;
To provide and maintain a Navy ;
To make Rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval Forces ;
To provide for calling forth the Militia to execute the Laws of the Union , suppress Insurrections and repel Invasions ;
To provide for organizing , arming , and disciplining , the Militia , and for governing such Part of them as may be employed in the Service of the United States , reserving to the States respectively , the Appointment of the Officers , and the Authority of training the Militia according to the discipline prescribed by Congress ;
To exercise exclusive Legislation in all Cases whatsoever , over such District ( not exceeding ten Miles square ) as may , by Cession of particular States , and the Acceptance of Congress , become the Seat of the Government of the United States , and to exercise like Authority over all Places purchased by the Consent of the Legislature of the State in which the Same shall be , for the Erection of Forts , Magazines , Arsenals , dock - Yards , and other needful Buildings ; -- And To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers , and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States , or in any Department or Officer thereof .
The Migration or Importation of such Persons as any of the States now existing shall think proper to admit , shall not be prohibited by the Congress prior to the Year one thousand eight hundred and eight , but a Tax or duty may be imposed on such Importation , not exceeding ten dollars for each Person .
The Privilege of the Writ of Habeas Corpus shall not be suspended , unless when in Cases of Rebellion or Invasion the public Safety may require it .
No Bill of Attainder or ex post facto Law shall be passed .
No Capitation , or other direct , Tax shall be laid , unless in Proportion to the Census or Enumeration herein before directed to be taken .
No Tax or Duty shall be laid on Articles exported from any State .
No Preference shall be given by any Regulation of Commerce or Revenue to the Ports of one State over those of another : nor shall Vessels bound to , or from , one State , be obliged to enter , clear or pay Duties in another .
No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury , but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law ; and a regular Statement and Account of Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time .
No Title of Nobility shall be granted by the United States : And no Person holding any Office of Profit or Trust under them , shall , without the Consent of the Congress , accept of any present , Emolument , Office , or Title , of any kind whatever , from any King , Prince , or foreign State .
No State shall enter into any Treaty , Alliance , or Confederation ; grant Letters of Marque and Reprisal ; coin Money ; emit Bills of Credit ; make any Thing but gold and silver Coin a Tender in Payment of Debts ; pass any Bill of Attainder , ex post facto Law , or Law impairing the Obligation of Contracts , or grant any Title of Nobility .
No State shall , without the Consent of the Congress , lay any Imposts or Duties on Imports or Exports , except what may be absolutely necessary for executing it 's inspection Laws : and the net Produce of all Duties and Imposts , laid by any State on Imports or Exports , shall be for the Use of the Treasury of the United States ; and all such Laws shall be subject to the Revision and Controul of the Congress .
No State shall , without the Consent of Congress , lay any Duty of Tonnage , keep Troops , or Ships of War in time of Peace , enter into any Agreement or Compact with another State , or with a foreign Power , or engage in War , unless actually invaded , or in such imminent Danger as will not admit of delay .
The executive Power shall be vested in a President of the United States of America .
He shall hold his Office during the Term of four Years , and , together with the Vice President , chosen for the same Term , be elected , as follows : Each State shall appoint , in such Manner as the Legislature thereof may direct , a Number of Electors , equal to the whole Number of Senators and Representatives to which the State may be entitled in the Congress : but no Senator or Representative , or Person holding an Office of Trust or Profit under the United States , shall be appointed an Elector .
The Electors shall meet in their respective States , and vote by Ballot for two Persons , of whom one at least shall not be an Inhabitant of the same State with themselves .
And they shall make a List of all the Persons voted for , and of the Number of Votes for each ; which List they shall sign and certify , and transmit sealed to the Seat of the Government of the United States , directed to the President of the Senate .
The President of the Senate shall , in the Presence of the Senate and House of Representatives , open all the Certificates , and the Votes shall then be counted .
The Person having the greatest Number of Votes shall be the President , if such Number be a Majority of the whole Number of Electors appointed ; and if there be more than one who have such Majority , and have an equal Number of Votes , then the House of Representatives shall immediately chuse by Ballot one of them for President ; and if no Person have a Majority , then from the five highest on the List the said House shall in like Manner chuse the President .
But in chusing the President , the Votes shall be taken by States , the Representation from each State having one Vote ; A quorum for this Purpose shall consist of a Member or Members from two thirds of the States , and a Majority of all the States shall be necessary to a Choice .
In every Case , after the Choice of the President , the Person having the greatest Number of Votes of the Electors shall be the Vice President .
But if there should remain two or more who have equal Votes , the Senate shall chuse from them by Ballot the Vice President .
The Congress may determine the Time of chusing the Electors , and the Day on which they shall give their Votes ; which Day shall be the same throughout the United States .
No Person except a natural born Citizen , or a Citizen of the United States , at the time of the Adoption of this Constitution , shall be eligible to the Office of President ; neither shall any Person be eligible to that Office who shall not have attained to the Age of thirty five Years , and been fourteen Years a Resident within the United States .
In Case of the Removal of the President from Office , or of his Death , Resignation , or Inability to discharge the Powers and Duties of the said Office , the Same shall devolve on the Vice President , and the Congress may by Law provide for the Case of Removal , Death , Resignation or Inability , both of the President and Vice President , declaring what Officer shall then act as President , and such Officer shall act accordingly , until the Disability be removed , or a President shall be elected .
The President shall , at stated Times , receive for his Services , a Compensation , which shall neither be encreased nor diminished during the Period for which he shall have been elected , and he shall not receive within that Period any other Emolument from the United States , or any of them .
Before he enter on the Execution of his Office , he shall take the following Oath or Affirmation : --" I do solemnly swear ( or affirm ) that I will faithfully execute the Office of President of the United States , and will to the best of my Ability , preserve , protect and defend the Constitution of the United States .
" The President shall be Commander in Chief of the Army and Navy of the United States , and of the Militia of the several States , when called into the actual Service of the United States ; he may require the Opinion , in writing , of the principal Officer in each of the executive Departments , upon any Subject relating to the Duties of their respective Offices , and he shall have Power to grant Reprieves and Pardons for Offences against the United States , except in Cases of Impeachment .
He shall have Power , by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate , to make Treaties , provided two thirds of the Senators present concur ; and he shall nominate , and by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate , shall appoint Ambassadors , other public Ministers and Consuls , Judges of the supreme Court , and all other Officers of the United States , whose Appointments are not herein otherwise provided for , and which shall be established by Law : but the Congress may by Law vest the Appointment of such inferior Officers , as they think proper , in the President alone , in the Courts of Law , or in the Heads of Departments .
The President shall have Power to fill up all Vacancies that may happen during the Recess of the Senate , by granting Commissions which shall expire at the End of their next Session .
He shall from time to time give to the Congress Information of the State of the Union , and recommend to their Consideration such Measures as he shall judge necessary and expedient ; he may , on extraordinary Occasions , convene both Houses , or either of them , and in Case of Disagreement between them , with Respect to the Time of Adjournment , he may adjourn them to such Time as he shall think proper ; he shall receive Ambassadors and other public Ministers ; he shall take Care that the Laws be faithfully executed , and shall Commission all the Officers of the United States .
The President , Vice President and all civil Officers of the United States , shall be removed from Office on Impeachment for , and Conviction of , Treason , Bribery , or other high Crimes and Misdemeanors .
The judicial Power of the United States , shall be vested in one supreme Court , and in such inferior Courts as the Congress may from time to time ordain and establish .
The Judges , both of the supreme and inferior Courts , shall hold their Offices during good Behaviour , and shall , at stated Times , receive for their Services , a Compensation , which shall not be diminished during their Continuance in Office .
The judicial Power shall extend to all Cases , in Law and Equity , arising under this Constitution , the Laws of the United States , and Treaties made , or which shall be made , under their Authority ;-- to all Cases affecting Ambassadors , other public Ministers and Consuls ; -- to all Cases of admiralty and maritime Jurisdiction ;-- to Controversies to which the United States shall be a Party ; -- to Controversies between two or more States ; -- between a State and Citizens of another State ; -- between Citizens of different States ;-- between Citizens of the same State claiming Lands under Grants of different States , and between a State , or the Citizens thereof , and foreign States , Citizens or Subjects .
In all Cases affecting Ambassadors , other public Ministers and Consuls , and those in which a State shall be Party , the supreme Court shall have original Jurisdiction .
In all the other Cases before mentioned , the supreme Court shall have appellate Jurisdiction , both as to Law and Fact , with such Exceptions , and under such Regulations as the Congress shall make .
The Trial of all Crimes , except in Cases of Impeachment , shall be by Jury ; and such Trial shall be held in the State where the said Crimes shall have been committed ; but when not committed within any State , the Trial shall be at such Place or Places as the Congress may by Law have directed .
Treason against the United States , shall consist only in levying War against them , or in adhering to their Enemies , giving them Aid and Comfort .
No Person shall be convicted of Treason unless on the Testimony of two Witnesses to the same overt Act , or on Confession in open Court .
The Congress shall have Power to declare the Punishment of Treason , but no Attainder of Treason shall work Corruption of Blood , or Forfeiture except during the Life of the Person attainted .
Full Faith and Credit shall be given in each State to the public Acts , Records , and judicial Proceedings of every other State .
And the Congress may by general Laws prescribe the Manner in which such Acts , Records , and Proceedings shall be proved , and the Effect thereof .
The Citizens of each State shall be entitled to all Privileges and Immunities of Citizens in the several States .
A Person charged in any State with Treason , Felony , or other Crime , who shall flee from Justice , and be found in another State , shall on Demand of the executive Authority of the State from which he fled , be delivered up , to be removed to the State having Jurisdiction of the Crime .
No Person held to Service or Labour in one State , under the Laws thereof , escaping into another , shall , in Consequence of any Law or Regulation therein , be discharged from such Service or Labour , but shall be delivered up on Claim of the Party to whom such Service or Labour may be due .
New States may be admitted by the Congress into this Union ; but no new States shall be formed or erected within the Jurisdiction of any other State ; nor any State be formed by the Junction of two or more States , or Parts of States , without the Consent of the Legislatures of the States concerned as well as of the Congress .
The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States ; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States , or of any particular State .
The United States shall guarantee to every State in this Union a Republican Form of Government , and shall protect each of them against Invasion ; and on Application of the Legislature , or of the Executive ( when the Legislature cannot be convened ) against domestic Violence .
The Congress , whenever two thirds of both Houses shall deem it necessary , shall propose Amendments to this Constitution , or , on the Application of the Legislatures of two thirds of the several States , shall call a Convention for proposing Amendments , which , in either Case , shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes , as Part of this Constitution , when ratified by the Legislatures of three fourths of the several States , or by Conventions in three fourths thereof , as the one or the other Mode of Ratification may be proposed by the Congress ; Provided that no Amendment which may be made prior to the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight shall in any Manner affect the first and fourth Clauses in the Ninth Section of the first Article ; and that no State , without its Consent , shall be deprived of its equal Suffrage in the Senate .
All Debts contracted and Engagements entered into , before the Adoption of this Constitution , shall be as valid against the United States under this Constitution , as under the Confederation .
This Constitution , and the Laws of the United States which shall be made in Pursuance thereof ; and all Treaties made , or which shall be made , under the Authority of the United States , shall be the supreme Law of the Land ; and the Judges in every State shall be bound thereby , any Thing in the Constitution or Laws of any State to the Contrary notwith - standing .
The Senators and Representatives before mentioned , and the Members of the several State Legislatures , and all executive and judicial Officers , both of the United States and of the several States , shall be bound by Oath or Affirmation , to support this Constitution ; but no religious Test shall ever be required as a Qualification to any Office or public Trust under the United States .
The Ratification of the Conventions of nine States , shall be sufficient for the Establishment of this Constitution between the States so ratifying the Same .
Done in Convention by the Unanimous Consent of the States present the Seventeenth Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and Eighty seven and of the Independence of the United States of America the TwelfthGeorge Washington -- President and deputy from Virginia New Hampshire : John Langdon , Nicholas Gilman Massachusetts : Nathaniel Gorham , Rufus King Connecticut : William Samuel Johnson , Roger Sherman New York : Alexander Hamilton New Jersey : William Livingston , David Brearly , William Paterson , Jonathan Dayton Pennsylvania : Benjamin Franklin , Thomas Mifflin , Robert Morris , George Clymer , Thomas FitzSimons , Jared Ingersoll , James Wilson , Gouverneur Morris Delaware : George Read , Gunning Bedford , Jr. , John Dickinson , Richard Bassett , Jacob Broom Maryland : James McHenry , Daniel of Saint Thomas Jenifer , Daniel Carroll Virginia : John Blair , James Madison , Jr. North Carolina : William Blount , Richard Dobbs Spaight , Hugh Williamson South Carolina : John Rutledge , Charles Cotesworth Pinckney , Charles Pinckney , Pierce Butler Georgia : William Few , Abraham Baldwin
I believed going to the ATM and withdraw money from the ATM is easy and safe .
Now u have to think twice before going next time .
These pics show that somebody can really find your pin code , so next time be sure to check that everything is ok before you type the PIN code .
Related entries :
Bush 's War Rhetoric
John Oliver explains President Bush did n't realize using war - like terms and starting war - like wars would make us assume he wanted to go to war .
State transportation officials expressed alarm .
The money shortage will have “ grave repercussions for the states , for hundreds of thousands of workers in the construction industry and the driving public , ” said John Horsley , executive director of the American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials .
Contractors were also worried .
“ Each week that it goes on , it gets more serious , ” said Brian P. Deery , senior director of the Associated General Contractors of America ’s highway and transportation division .
At some point , he said , some states may have to tell road contractors that they cannot pay them and that “ we ’d like you to continue working , but we understand if you have to stop working . ”
In July , the House passed a bill that would use $ 8 billion of general federal revenue  from income and other taxes , not the dedicated motor fuel tax  to finance highway projects .
The measure has not gained much support in the Senate , and until Friday the White House had been hostile to it .
But Ms. Peters said the administration now endorsed the measure because “ immediate action ” was required to ensure that the states did not suffer .
Another possible solution would be to transfer money to the highway account from the account that the trust fund maintains to finance mass transit .
But lawmakers from large cities that rely on trust - fund aid for their transit systems could be expected to resist such a move .
For the moment , Republicans and Democrats were blaming each other for the problem , which comes as the economy is in trouble and the election season is intensifying .
The administration has accused the Democratic - controlled Congress of loading transportation bills with pork barrel projects that virtually invite President Bush ’s veto .
But Democrats accuse the Bush administration of “ nickel and diming our degrading roads , bridges , highways , ” as well as mass transit , as Senator Charles E. Schumer of New York put it on Friday .
The issue is likely to be on a front - burner when Congress returns , as Representative James L. Oberstar , the Minnesota Democrat who heads the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee , signaled on Friday .
“ Given that the United States has lost more than 600,000 jobs this year , and the unemployment rate is the highest it has been in five years , we cannot afford to lose one more family - wage construction job , ” he said in a statement .
Whatever Congress does in the short term , some profound policy issues will have to be addressed at some point .
The shift to smaller , more fuel - efficient cars in an era of expensive gasoline is the very trend that is helping to deplete the highway fund .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson said Sunday that foreign banks will be able to unload bad financial assets under a $ 700 billion U.S. proposal aimed at restoring order during a devastating financial crisis .
“ Yes , and they should .
Because ... if a financial institution has business operations in the United States , hires people in the United States , if they are clogged with illiquid assets , they have the same impact on the American people as any other institution , ” Paulson said on ABC television ’s “ This Week with George Stephanopolous . ”
Paulson was appearing on the Sunday television talk show circuit to provide details about the U.S. government plan for a sweeping bailout to mop up hundreds of billions of dollars in toxic mortgage debt .
The moves capped a week in which financial markets faced their most serious confluence of crises since the Great Depression in the 1930s and threatened national economies and the worldwide banking system .
Paulson defended the rescue package as painful and costly , but necessary to stabilize a financial system that has all but ground to a halt .
“ The situation we had , where the markets are frozen and lending may not be available , is one that wo n’t be good for the American people , ” he said .
“ The fact that the taxpayer is in this position is painful to me . ”
Paulson acknowledged that an emergency rescue plan aimed at stabilizing a financial system in freefall will cost taxpayers money , but argued that costs will not be as high the $ 700 billion limit of the package .
“ The taxpayer is at risk , ” he said on “ Fox News Sunday ” television program , but added , “ It would be extraordinary circumstances , highly unlikely , that the cost will be anything like the amount you spend for the assets . ”
Paulson said the U.S. government is pressuring financial authorities in other countries to adopt similar financial stabilization plans .
“ We have a global financial system and we are talking very aggressively with other countries around the world , and encouraging them to do similar things , and I believe a number of them will , ” he said .
Paulson said the sudden crisis was stunning but he expressed hope in U.S. economic resilience .
“ I would n’t bet against the long - term fundamentals of this country , ” he said on NBC ’s “ Meet the Press . ”
“ But this is a humbling experience to see so much fragility in our capital markets , and ask how did we ever get here . ”
“ I ’m confident Congress will move and move quickly , ” Paulson he added .
In this article I want to write an easy , step - by - step guide on how you can transfer your blog from a free account hosted in Blogger to a Dreamhost powered WordPress installation .
I ’m writing this now as my memory is quite fresh from my recent migration and hopefully this will come useful to others who might be thinking of doing this themselves .
Registering a new Dreamhost account
Follow this link Press the “ sign up now ” Select “ Host a Domain ” as the other choice is just to get a new domain name through Dreamhost In Step 2
Select the yearly option as it ’s the most sensible for someone with a low budget .
In Step 3
You do n’t need to select anything unless you plan to run a lot of heavy scripts and have a bit of traffic .
In Step 4 , Uncheck Google Apps if you want to use Dreamhost ’s custom options .
This is a good option if you just a WordPress blog for now .
You can always turn it up later .
In Step 5 , leave it as it is , and type the domain name you would like and a username for your ftp access .
In Step 6 , fill your information in .
In Step 7 type dbzer0 to get 20 $ off or dbzero@gmail.com if you want to be extra nice to me 😉
Check the Box and go to Payment
Go through the payment stuff and wait until you receive the “ DreamHost Account Approval Notification ! ” email .
Follow the email link and put your credentials to find yourself in your Panel .
Setting up your domain
You ’ll find yourself in the Overview pane .
From here you can follow various links to manage your stuff .
Start by clicking the Manage Domains button ( Also found in the sidebar under “ Domains ” )
If you created a new domain in the previous part , you should see it now in the list .
Press the “ Edit ” Button next to the “ Delete ” button in the middle .
In the next screen the only things you should change are the following
Switch your PHP version to 5.x. PHP 4.x is obsolete and you ’ll run into problems with plugins and the like if you keep using it .
Further down where it says “ How do you like the www in your URL ? ” do n’t leave it as “ both ” .
Select the “ remove www . ” as this will help Search engines find you better .
Press “ Change fully hosted setting now ! ” to complete this step .
Installing WordPress
Now that our domain settings are ready , lets go ahead and setup our WordPress installation .
Start by heading over to One - Click installs ( from the sidebar it ’s under “ Goodies > One - Click Installs ”
Click “ Install new software ( Advanced Mode ) ” ( Easy mode is similar hosting it on wordpress.com )
WordPress should be already selected so simply scroll down .
You should see an image similar to the screenshot on the left .
In “ Install to ” you should see your domain .
Leave it as it is , unless you want your wordpress site to a subfolder of your domain ( ie / blog / ) .
However I do n’t recommend this .
First because you can later on configure wordpress to show your posts under something like that and secondly because you ’ll have to create some kind of splash or home page on your domain root for people falling there .
This will probably be different from your site and wo n’t be counted in your wordpress stats .
In “ Select database to use ” you should have the option to write your own database name .
The default probably will not work so change it to something obvious for you .
An example is yourblogname_wp_db
In Hostname , you can just leave it as it is .
In Creating a user for the database , you can simply create the same user as for your ftp access so to cut down on things you have to remember .
You ’ll probably never use this anyway so it ’s easy to forget if you put something new .
Press “ Install it for me now ” .
it will load for a bit and then the page will reload and on the top you should see something similar to this :
Within 5 to 10 minutes , you should receive an email telling you that your installation is ready .
Setting up your WordPress and importing from Blogger
Now that you ’ve received the funky Dreamhost email follow the handy instructions within .
Go to the install link and create your first user .
Login to your site
That ’s it .
Your first wordpress site is now ready 😉
Lets proceed to import your blogger site now
Go to Import ( follow the link in the email or in the admin panel head to “ Manage > Import ” Click on Blogger Click Authorize Click “ Grant Access ” in blogger .
You will now see all blogs you are managing in blogspot .
Click on the “ Import ” Magic Button and wait a few seconds to minutes ( depending on your old content )
If you ’re using feedburner ( and if you ’re not , why are n’t you ? ! ) go to your feeds , then to your blogger feed , and click “ Edit Feed Details ” .
In the “ Original Feed Location ” replace your old blogger feed location with the new wordpress one .
This is always in the form of http://yourblogurl/feed .
If you ’re not using Feedburner , first go and create a feed for your wordpress installation .
Then go to your old blogger blog settings >
Site Feed .
In the “ Post Redirect Feed URL ” put the new feedburner feed you just created which has your new wordpress feed as its source .
This will transparently migrate all your old readers to your new location Write a new post on your blogspot blog that you have moved and point to your new location .
Once we setup your plugin installer , we ’ll set up your blog to automatically redirect each post to your new location .
That ’s it .
You have now successfully migrated from Blogger to WordPress 😉
In a next post I will explain how to migrate Intense Debate Comments as well , since the wordpress importer does not grab those automatically .
There ’s one last thing that you might want to do which is to inform your readers that you ’ve changed location
Finishing touches
Currently you should have created your wordpress site and migrated from blogger but you are probably at a very basic state .
You should at this point configure a few options to make your life and look easier .
Settings
Settings > General Put a Tagline for your site .
This will both be shown on your theme but also probably be seen by search engines as well .
Configure your time so that the times you schedule and post are the ones you expect
Settings > Discussion Under “ Before a Comment Appears ” , uncheck “ Comment author must have a previously approved comment ”
This will reduce your management overhead .
Under “ Comment Moderation ” increase the number of links to 3 since it is not uncommon for a non-spammer to include to links in the same post .
Settings > Permalinks
Here you should set your permalink structure .
That is the way your posts will look at your blog .
While you can leave it as the default ?
p=123 , this generally looks ugly , is not rememberable and search engines do n’t like it .
Many people select the date based permalinks but I personally do not like that choice .
This kind of setup is only appropriate for newspapers really .
The only ones who should be using this are the ones who are writing an actual journal .
My advice to you is to use a either a custom structure or a category based one .
In a custom structure , you can use the simple /% postname % option which will make all your articles show on the root ( ie http://dbzer0.com/this-is-a-post ) or put something in front to make it differ from pages .
I prefer / blog / %postname % but it ’s up to you .
In a category structure , your posts will show under each category which is nice but if you tag sometimes in more than one category , an article may show under an undesirable one .
In any case , whatever you choose does not need to be permanent .
Even if you change your permalink structure in the future , wordpress will automatically redirect links going into a post that has changed location correctly so do n’t agonize on making the perfect choice now .
Plugins
Plugins are the most exciting part of having your own wordpress installation .
I ’m not going to go into much depth but I want to mention how to set your installation up to allow you to install and manage plugins from the wordpress admin interface ( instead of setting up ftp connections each time ) .
Unfortunately we cannot avoid using FTP the first time .
Use your favorite FTP client to setup a connection to your server .
I recommend the excellent fireftp which you can use without installing software on your PC .
Setup your connection in your ftp program of choice .
In Fireftp : Select “ New Connection ” Find your server name .
You can find this in multiple locations :
In the automated emails your received
In your dreamhost panel by going to Users > Manage Users and looking at the “ Machine ” column
At the dreamhost panel , clicking on “ Account Status ” on the top and looking at “ Your Web server ”
In server name , put your server name followed by .dreamhost.com ( e.g. dodo.dreamhost.com )
In user name , put the user your created for your account In Password , put the password you created .
If you do not remember it , you can change it from Manage Users again by clicking on “ Edit ” Press OK .
Connect to your server .
You should now be in a folder where your domain exists as a subdirectory .
Enter that directory and then navigate to Wp- content >
Plugins .
Download the One - Click Plugin Updater and extract its contents somewhere on your PC .
Using your ftp program , upload the plugin directory into your wordpress Plugins directory we navigated before .
In Fireftp :
On the left - hand side of the split - screen , navigate to the place where you ’ve extracted the zip file .
Make sure that your right screen is showing the contents of youblog.com / wp-content / plugins ( you should be seeing other folders and . php files like wp - cache / and hello .
php )
Select the directory and click the little arrow pointing to the right between the split - screens .
Wait until the job is complete .
Go to your plugins admin page ( Top right ) Scroll down to where it says “ Inactive Plugins ” and activate the One - Click Plugin Updater .
This will make your plugin page show a little differently .
Namely you should see yellow bars next to various plugins .
That ’s it .
Now you have the ability to install new plugins and themes without using ftp and without even downloading and extracting files on your PC .
Just follow the instructions that you can find in the “ One Click Updater Miniguide ” in your Dashboard .
So that ’s it .
Hopefully this guide will help any of you who are thinking about self - hosting but do n’t want to trust me or want to learn to do it yourselves .
If you see anything I forgot or something I should include or make simpler , let me know .
Spread the love : Email
Reddit
More
Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Tumblr
With his New York legalese , motormouth soundbites and ubiquity on the American networks , Mikheil Saakashvili is never lost for words .
The beleaguered Georgian president is so omnipresent on Larry King , on BBC World , in tele - conferences for reporters , editors , and columnists worldwide , that is hard to see where he finds the time to fight a war or run a country .
But the week - old Russia - Georgia conflict highlights the mores and methods of modern warfare .
Propaganda and black radio have always been essential tools of the warmonger .
What 's new in the Caucasus is the battle between the PR agencies taking the warmongers ' shilling and competing for airtime and column inches on behalf of their clients .
Saakashvili might have lost the war against Russia , but , scant consolation perhaps , he is widely seen to have won the propaganda battle .
Big bad Russia against plucky little Georgia .
Accurate or nonsense , thanks to " Misha's " Brussels - based PR men , it is the picture that 's dominating the world media .
Last year Saakashvili paid a reported € 500,000 to engage Brussels ' Aspect Consulting to brand Georgia as a western wannabe , a Nato and European Union aspirant , emphasising everything from its fabulous food and drink to its liberties and democratic politics .
The PR campaign went into overdrive last week when Georgia found itself on the receiving end of post - Soviet Russia 's first ever invasion of another country .
Reporters covering the conflict have been showered daily with emails providing news , contact details , mobile phone numbers of officials , video footage , background material , and tele - conference access to Georgians from Saakashvili down .
Highly efficient , highly effective , usually punctual .
The Kremlin 's account is held by another Brussels agency , GPlus , which has been working for the Russian presidency for more than two years .
It insists it is not in the business of peddling propaganda , far less falsehoods , but merely facilitates international media access to Russian policy - makers and advises the Russians on their media strategies .
" We give them logistical support , " said Tim Price of GPlus .
Even the Russians are complaining that their side is losing in the publicity stakes .
" You can't fail to notice that Russian leaders are ignoring the opportunity to convey their point of view to the world , " wrote the Moscow pundit , Aleksei Arbatov .
" Saakashvili is really never off American TV screens .
I suspect that if [ Russian president ]
Medvedev decided to talk to foreign journalists , they would , of course , respond . "
The success of the Georgia PR campaign has made it to the cover this week of the trade magazine PR Week , where Aspect is taking the war to the opposition .
" I'm on the side of the angels , " Aspect 's founding partner , James Hunt , told the magazine .
He held his nose at the thought of GPlus .
" There are agencies that work for Russia .
But I do n't know how they can be comfortable about that . "
Someone is going to have an extra reason to celebrate the Fourth of July — Rush Limbaugh just signed a radio contract worth $ 400 million .
This is what our forefathers fought for :
from 23/6
We have to wonder how things would have been different if Rush had gone to prison for his illegal drug use , rather than using high - priced lawyers to get out of it :
Limbaugh scoffed at the idea that African Americans are disproportionately arrested on drug charges , and suggested that the solution should be to arrest more white drug users .
Of course , once it was his own ass on the line , this white drug user changed his tune pretty quick , and championed rehab for himself .
ORLANDO , Fla. , Sept. 8 ( UPI ) -- Rescuers in Florida say an autistic boy and his father survived 15 hours in shark - infested waters before the U.S. Coast Guard spotted them .
Chris Marino , 12 , was swimming near the Ponce de Leon Inlet in Central Florida when the current carried him away , WKMB - TV in Orlando , Fla. , reported Monday .
The boy 's father , Walter , 46 , jumped into the water and both father and son were swept out to sea .
Advertisement
The television station says the two were drifting in some of Central Florida 's most shark - infested waters .
" We were floating and just waiting for help to come , " Walter Marino told WKMG .
He said they kept a lighthouse in sight to remain floating in one area .
The pair was spotted by the Coast Guard early Sunday after 15 hours in the water .
" I get chills just thinking about it , " a Coast Guard official told WKMG .
" They had a lot going against them . "
Father and son were treated for dehydration at a hospital .
This morning on CNBC's " Squawk on the Street , " CNBC 's Erin Burnett and David Faber interviewed Doug Parker , Chairman and CEO of US Airways ( LCC ) .
The key points from Parker :
Any airline paying $ 110 for oil is losing money
Parker defends the airline industry 's new love for a la carte pricing by comparing to a flight to a hotel stay or a baseball game where the initial purchase does not guarantee you a free drink or other amenities
Simply raising ticket prices and keeping other amenities would be unfeasible
Airlines are no less safe or reliable today because of $ 120 oil
Airlines will continue to lose money until fuel prices come down or flying becomes an expensive luxury
US Airways does not need to consolidate with anyone , but the industry is well - served by such consolidation .
Full Transcript :
CNBC's Erin Burnett : JOINING US IS DOUG PARKER , CHAIRMAN AND CEO OF U.S .
AIRWAYS .
WE APPRECIATE YOU'RE TAKING THE TIME TO JOIN US .
YOU KNOW , THE
BOTTOM LINE QUESTION THAT EVERYONE SEEMS TO HAVE HERE IS IT FEELS TOO
AMERICANS LIKE NICKEL AND DIMING .
I GET CHARGED FOR A COKE , YOU CHARGE
FOR THE BAG , YOU CHARGE FOR CURB - SIDE CHECK-IN .
PEOPLE ARE SAYING , JUST
PLEASE CHARGE ME A HIGHER FARE , GIVE ME THE HIGHER FARE SO I DON'T FEEL
LIKE I'M BEING NICKEL AND DIMED .
WHY DO YOU BREAK IT DOWN ?
US Airways ' Doug Parker : BECAUSE WE THINK IT'S THE BEST THING TO DO FOR
CUSTOMERS .LOOKING
THIS ENVIRONMENT , ALL AIRLINES ARE RAISING FARES .
YOU
WILL SEE MORE OF THAT AS SEATS COME OUT OF THE SYSTEM .
WE ARE TRYING
HARD TO COVER THE COST OF TRANSPORTATION .
AIRLINES ARE NOT DOING
IT .ANYONE PAYING $ 110 A BARREL FOR OIL IS LOSING MONEY RIGHT NOW .
AND WE
ARE JUST NOT COVERING THE COST OF TRANSPORTATION .
THE FIRST THING WE TRY
DO IS RAISE TICKET PRICES TO COVER THAT WITH AS MANY SEATS AS WE HAVE IN
OUR SYSTEM , WE CANNOT DO THAT .
YOU ARE SEEING FIRST SEATS GO AWAY .
THE
NEXT THING YOU ARE SEEING US DO IS TRYING TO FIGURE OUT OTHER WAYS TO
GET REVENUES OTHER THAN RAISE TICKET PRICES .
AS WE HAVE DONE AFTER 9/11
BY CHARGING FOR A MEAL , WHICH HAS BEEN ACCEPTED WIDELY BY CUSTOMERS , YOU
ARE SEEING AIRLINES CHARGE CUSTOMERS WHO WANT TO USE THE SERVICE , AND IT
IS LIKE A CHECKED BAG , FOR THOSE SERVICES , NOT CHARGING THOSE WHO DON'T
WANT TO USE THEM .
David Faber : MR . PARKER , DAVID FABER .
I WANTED TO YOU RESPOND TO
MR .
FLORES BY SAYING AN AIRPLANE IS A DIFFERENT ENVIRONMENT AND WE SHOULDN'T
HAVE TO CHARGE FOR THINGS LIKE WATER .
Parker : LOOK , FIRST OFF , THANKS FOR APOLOGIZING TO THE FLIGHT
ATTENDANTS .
THEY LET YOU KNOW WHEN YOU DON'T TREAT THEM WELL .
THEY'RE
VERY VOCAL .
Faber : THEY CERTAINLY ARE .
Parker : THEY'RE FANTASTIC .
THE FACT OF THE MATTER IS , YOU KNOW , I WAS IN
A HOTEL THIS WEEKEND THAT WAS NOT CHEAP .
WHEN MY KIDS WANTED A WATER , IT
COST MONEY OUT OF THE REFRIGERATOR .
WHEN I TOOK THEM TO THE YANKEE
GAME IT WAS MORE THAN $ 2 FOR A WATER AT THE GAME , EVEN THOUGH THE TICKET
WAS EXPENSIVE .
THAT'S THE WAY -- FOR WHATEVER REASON , IN THE AIRLINE
BUSINESS , THAT HAS NOT BEEN THE MODEL .
BUT IN THIS WORLD WE HAVE TO
CHANGE THE RULES .
OUR BUSINESS HAS NOT BEEN THE ONE THAT'S THE MOST
PROFITABLE EVERY TIME IT HAS LOST MORE MONEY OVER TIME THAN OTHER
INDUSTRIES .
WE NEED TO CHANGE THE MODEL .
I THINK THIS IS THE
RIGHT ONE .
THIS IS ONE WHEREBY THOSE WHO WANT TO USE THE SERVICE CAN PAY FOR IT
THOSE WHO DON'T CAN EITHER CARRY IT ON OR NOT USE IT .
WHAT WE HAVE FOUND
-- WE FOUND THE VAST MAJORITY OF CUSTOMERS ARE SAYING THEY DON'T WANT
IT .
WE ARE SEEING MUCH -- VERY , VERY FEW PEOPLE SAY THEY WANT TO PAY THE $ 2
FOR WATER OR SODA .
THAT'S FINE BY US .
THE FACT OF THE MATTER IS GETTING
THAT SODA ON TO THE AIRPLANE , HAVING IT CARRIED ON , SOMEONE DELIVERING
IT , FLYING IT AROUND THE COUNTRY IS COSTING US , AT LEAST $ 2 A CAN .
IF
PEOPLE DON'T WANT TO PAY THAT , IT'S BETTER OFF FOR US NOT TO CARRY IT
AROUND .
Burnett : THE OTHER PERCEPTION THE PUBLIC IS HAVING , WE KNOW FLYING HAS
BECOME UNPLEASANT FOR A LOT OF REASONS , YOU HAVE OVERTAXED WORKERS , LONG
LINES AT CHECK-IN , FEWER FLIGHTS , SEATS , BUT THEN THESE CHARGES ADD UP
TO A CHEAPER ENVIRONMENT .
THEN PEOPLE SAY , GOSH , IF THEY'RE HAVING SO
MUCH TROUBLE MAKING MONEY , BLEEDING MONEY ,
CAN I BE SURE MY AIRLINE IS
SAFE .
ARE THEY MAKING SURE ALL THE PLANES ARE CHECKED ?
IF THEY'RE
CUTTING CORNERS WITH ME , MAYBE THEY'RE CUTTING CORNERS SOMEWHERE ELSE .
Parker : THAT'S THE WRONG ASSUMPTION .
WE'RE BRINGING THE PRODUCT EXACTLY
WHERE CUSTOMERS TELL US THEY WANT IT TO BE .
GIVE ME SAFE , RELIABLE
SERVICE .
GET MR .
WHERE YOU SAID YOU WILL GET ME ON TIME .
MY BAGS WHEN I
LAND AND TREAT ME WITH RESPECT IN BETWEEN .
THAT'S WHAT WE ARE DOING AT
U.S. AIRWAYS .
THAT'S WHAT YOUR TICKET PRICE PROVIDES YOU WITH .
WE ARE
THE NUMBER ONE AIRLINE IN ON - TIME PERFORMANCE SO FAR IN 2008 .
AS IT
RELATES TO OTHER SERVICES THAT PEOPLE MIGHT WANT , LIKE A CHECKED BAG
VERSUS PEOPLE WHO CARRY ON , WE THINK THE RIGHT THING DO IS CHARGE FOR
THAT .
I ASSURE YOU , WE ARE NOT CUTTING CORNERS ON OTHER THINGS .
WE ARE
MAKING SURE THAT'S WHERE OUR FOCUS IS .
Faber : MR . PARKER , THE POINTER ERIN WAS MAKING EARLIER ABOUT NICKEL AND
DIMING , TO
THE EXTENT YOUR COSTS CONTINUE OR HAVE GONE UP DRAMATICALLY ,
WHY NOT JUST DOUBLE THE TICKET PRICES AND GET IT OVER WITH ALREADY ?
Parker : BECAUSE WE CAN'T.
IN TODAY'S FUEL PRICES , THE COST -- THE
AVERAGE COST OF FUEL FOR A ROUND TRIP PASSENGER IS ABOUT $ 300 , JUST TO
COVER THE COST OF THE JET FUEL .
BY THE TIME WE PAY FOR FLIGHT
ATTENDANTS , PILOTS , THE
AIRPLANE , WE WOULD BE CHARGING $ 650 , $ 700 JUST TO BREAK EVEN .
WITH THIS
MANY SEATS FLYING AROUND THE UNITED STATES IT'S IMPOSSIBLE TO CHARGE
$ 600 , $ 700 ON AVERAGE FOR A ROUND TRIP TICKET IT CAN'T HAPPEN .
Faber : WHAT YOU ARE GOING TO DO ?
AT THE END OF THE DAY YOU'RE EXPLAINING
THAT YOU WILL CONTINUE TO LOSE MONEY UNTIL YOU DO THAT OR FUEL PRICES
COME DOWN .
Parker : PRECISELY .
IF FUEL PRICES STAY THIS HIGH , YOU WILL SEE MANY
FEWER SEATS FLYING AROUND , AND FLYING WILL BECOME MUCH MORE OF A LUXURY .
HOPEFULLY FUEL PRICES WILL CONTINUE TO FALL .
IF THEY DON'T ,
WILL YOU SEE FEWER AND FEWER SEATS , FEWER FLIGHTS TO FEWER MARKETS .
THAT'S THE ONLY WAY TO CHARGE ENOUGH TO COVER THE COSTS WHAT WE'LL ALSO DO IS FIGURE OUT
A WAY TO COLLECT MORE REVENUE FROM PASSENGERS THAT WANT TO AVAIL
THEMSELVES OF ADDITIONAL SERVICES .
THE COMBINATION OF THOSE THINGS , I
BELIEVE , SEATS COMING DOWN ABOUT 10 % NEXT YEAR AND SOME ANCILLARY
REVENUES , WHICH IN U.S. AIRWAYS CASE WILL ADD 400 MILLION TO $ 500
MILLION TO THE BOTTOM LINE , THOSE WILL OFFSET IT .
YOU WILL SEE THE
INDUSTRY PERHAPS BREAK EVEN NEXT YEAR .
Faber : REAL QUICKLY BEFORE WE GO , I WANT TO GET TO CONSOLIDATION .
YOU
TRIED TO BUY DELTA OUT OF BANKRUPTCY , DIDN'T WORK .
THEY ARE WITH NWA .
WHAT ABOUT U.S. AIRWAYS ?
CAN YOU SURVIVE ?
DO YOU NEED DO CONSOLIDATE ?
Parker : WE NEVER NEED TO CONSOLIDATE .
WE ARE PERFECTLY FINE AS A
STAND -ALONE.AS A BUSINESS THAT NEEDS TO CONSOLIDATE EVENTUALLY , BUT IT
WON'T HAPPEN UNTIL WE GET A NEW
ADMINISTRATION .
THERE IS NOTHING GOING
ON NOW .
THE FACT OF THE MATTER , THIS IS AN INDUSTRY THAT WILL BE
WELL - SERVED BY CONSOLIDATION .
See Also :
US Airways ( LCC ) Cuts In - Flight Movies To Save Money , Seats Next ( LCC )
Airline Death Watch Update : JetBlue ( JBLU ) To Charge $ 7 For Pillow and Blanket ( JBLU , BBBY , DAL , LCC )
British Airways ( BAIRY ) CEO : Really , Airlines Are Completely Screwed ( BAIRY , DAL , CAL , UAUA , AMR , LCC )
Patient Lisbet Luna Miopia receives a free eye exam from Cuban doctors at the Ramon Pando Ferrer hospital in Havana in this file photo from Sept. 12 , 2006 .
REUTERS / Enrique De La Osa
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Half of all Americans have some sort of vision problem , most of them myopia or astigmatism , U.S. researchers reported on Monday .
This is far higher than previous estimates , the team at the National Eye Institute reported in the Archives of Ophthalmology .
“ Clinically important refractive error affects half of the U.S. population 20 years or older , ” wrote Susan Vitale and colleagues at the institute , one of the U.S. government ’s National Institutes of Health .
They analyzed data from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey on 12,000 people aged 20 and older between 1999 and 2004 .
More than 33 percent were nearsighted and 36 percent had astigmatism , which causes fuzzy vision , the team reported .
Another 3.6 percent were farsighted , meaning they can see at a distance but not up close .
“ Our estimated prevalence of myopia was higher than the 25 percent reported in previous U.S. studies and similar ( in persons under 40 years ) to that of ethnic Chinese persons in Singapore , ” they wrote .
“ The direct annual cost of refractive correction for distance visual impairment is estimated to be between $ 3.8 and $ 7.2 billion for persons 12 years and older . ”
The study matches findings in other countries that have shown about half the population has a so - called refractive vision problem , usually requiring the use of glasses , contact lenses or corrective surgery .
The causes of these three eye conditions is unclear but there is a genetic component .
Most studies discount the widely held belief that myopia is caused by too much reading or close work as a child .
Chose Vacation Rentals
Tips for renting your Vacation Rentals
Whether you are a tenant or a landlord , here are some practical tips to help you prepare your vacation .
Booking a vacation rental
The reservation of your holiday rental is made directly with the landlord .
It is recommended to confirm your reservation by sending a rental contract and a deposit or deposit .
The balance of the stay will be paid on arrival , when the keys are handed over or a few days before .
The rental contract
It must include a certain amount of information about the rented accommodation : owner 's namerental addressnumber of people expectedduration of the rental ( start and end date of the stay ) rental priceamount of the deposit or depositamount of the bond or security depositcancellation conditionscharges , commission not included ( heating , electricity , water ) tourist taxdescription of the rental ( required ) the state of natural and technological risks
The respective commitments must be made by mail .
It may be a simple exchange of correspondence , but a signed contract , in duplicate , at the time of payment of the deposit or the down payment , is preferable .
A copy must then be given to the tenant .
Deposit or down payment ?
With a deposit , the candidate tenant can withdraw by abandoning them while the landlord can only renounce the rental by paying the tenant twice the amount paid .
With a down payment , the rental commitment becomes firm and definitive .
The tenant can only renounce it by agreeing to lose the amount paid and to pay the balance of the rental price .
If the nature of the advance is not specified , the sums paid are considered as a deposit .
Security deposit or bondIf a deposit or security deposit is required , the amount will be paid upon arrival to the owner or his representative .
The deposit or guarantee will be repaid after deduction of the cost of repair , if any damage is noted .
The security deposit is generally returned at the end of the stay but the rental contract may specify the time limit for its return .
Expenses
They are often included in the rental price .
However , some charges are sometimes extra ( e.g. heating , telephone , electricity ... ) .
In this case , this must be specified and will give rise to a statement when the lease comes into use .
Tourist tax
Some municipalities ( tourist or thermal , seaside resorts or mountain rental ) have introduced a tourist tax .
It is due by all occasional residents over 13 years of age if they reside in a hotel , a seasonal rental , a campground , a marina ....
It is up to the owner to collect it at the end of the stay and then to transfer it to the municipality .
Rates vary according to the comfort and quality of the accommodation .
They are posted in town halls .
Description of the premises
All seasonal rental companies , whether professional or private individuals , are required to provide , before signing the contract , a detailed description of the rented premises ( decree of 16 May 1967 ) .
It must include : the address and location of the accommodation in the locality , the classification category if there is one , the description of the accommodation , the comfort of the premises , the interior layout , the furniture and household appliances , television ... , the list of parts and equipment which the tenant has exclusive use ( terrace , garage ) or shared use ( garden , swimming pool , ... ) , the financial conditions of the rental : price and payment terms , charges ... the arrival dates and times .
This description is a proposal but does not have the value of a contract .
Attention : if the accommodation is classified as furnished for tourism , the law requires the use of a standard description .
SchedulesWeekly rentals are generally from Saturday afternoon ( 4 pm ) to Saturday morning ( 10 am ) .
As for the weekend , arrival is generally on Friday evening and departure on Sunday afternoon .
Insurances
The customer is liable for all damages arising from his fault .
He is invited to check whether he benefits from so - called " holiday " insurance through his personal insurance .
Failing this , it is strongly recommended that he subscribe to one .
The owner must inform his company of the wish to rent a dwelling and ensure that his multi-risk dwelling contract covers this dwelling with " fire , water damage and liability towards third parties " insurance .
Cancellation insurance
Cancellation insurance allows the reimbursement of the rental .
However , not all grounds for cancellation are guaranteed .
To plan your trip in peace , it is better to choose an " all causes " cancellation that covers any event that prevents departure .
The interruption of the stay can also be taken into account .
Inventory of the situation
When the keys are handed over , the tenant must pay the balance of the rental and pay the security deposit provided for in the contract and make an inventory of fixtures .
This document must list for each room the equipment , furniture and utensils made available to the tenant .
Damaged objects as well as the condition of the equipment and the meter readings must be mentioned .
Such a document must be prepared in the presence of the tenant and signed jointly .
If there is a pre-established inventory or description , the tenant must verify that it corresponds to reality .
At the end of the rental contract , you must return the keys and vacate the accommodation .
The inventory of fixtures drawn up on arrival will allow the owner to carry out a check .
If the inventory of fixtures does not mention any deterioration , the owner must return the entire security deposit within the time limit mentioned in the contract .
On the other hand , if the owner contests damage or disappearances of objects , he must assess the damage and deduct it from the amount of the security deposit .
The tenant must request proof of the costs charged to him .
In the event of disagreement , the recourse to a bailiff must make it possible to settle the dispute amicably .
Capacity
The owner is entitled to limit the number of people who can reside in the rental , but he cannot prohibit the presence of children or the reception of friends .
Tenant 's recourseWhen you arrive , if you notice that the description does not correspond to reality ( non-compliant accommodation , major inconveniences or unreported defects that prevent you from using your accommodation normally and peacefully ... ) , you must react .
If you think you can accommodate the rental , it is best to negotiate with the owner a reduction in the cost of the rental , compensation and possible repairs .
If the owner is absent or if you have already paid the full amount of the rental , try to contact him by phone in order to find an amicable solution .
If you are unable to use a bailiff , collect all the possible evidence yourself : photos , videos , certificates from neighbours ...
Contacting a consumer association can also be useful to put pressure on your landlord .
If the accommodation is classified , contact by registered letter with AR , the Departmental Commission for Tourism Action , which can intervene with the owner and obtain compensation .
In the case of rental by agency , remember to inform the relevant real estate professional association .
If it is not possible to reach an amicable agreement , you may refer the matter to the Departmental Directorate of Competition , Consumer Affairs or Fraud Prevention ( DDCCRF ) or file a complaint with the public prosecutor of the Regional Court of the place of rental or the landlord 's residence in order to obtain compensation .
The fastest procedure is then that of the " declaration at the registry " .
It is most often a local judge who will examine the case .
Enjoyment of the premisesThe Tenant is required to use the accommodation as a " prudent person " .
He must take care of it , maintain it , do not disturb the neighbours by his behaviour .
He is responsible for any damage that may occur during his stay .
CleaningCleaning is the responsibility of the tenant during the rental period and before departure .
Some owners offer a cleaning package .
Swimming pool safety
A standardised safety device must be installed in all private , non-confined in - ground pools for individual or collective use .
This system aims to prevent the risk of drowning .
This includes private outdoor swimming pools , residential swimming pools , hotels , campsites , holiday centres and clubs , country cottages , etc .
The safety system must comply either with French standards or with the standards , technical specifications and manufacturing processes provided for in the regulations of a Member State ( in particular , if it ensures an equivalent level of safety ) .
There are currently four different types of processes , consisting of protective barriers , an alarm system , a security cover , or a pool enclosure .
See the various recommendations concerning these devices for manufacturers .
The pool builder or installer must provide the pool owner , no later than the date of receipt of the pool , with a technical note indicating the characteristics , operating and maintenance conditions of the device .
This note must also inform of the risks of drowning , the general preventive measures to be taken and the recommendations attached to the use of this safety device .
After reading these good tips for your rental , We wishe you to spend a good holiday , to enjoy your pleasant moments with your family and this in a good state of mind towards the owner of the premises .
These tips are there to help you better organize your holiday without worries .
This list of tips on rentals is not exhaustive ...
We list thousands of rental properties around the globe .
Most of these properties are vacation homes , perhaps second or even third homes that the owners are renting out to people much like yourself .
You simply choose from these homes and contact the owner or responsible party representing the home directly .
You and the property owner will make all the necessary arrangements , and you are off .
Once you have returned from your vacation , you can leave feedback about the property and your experience for the rest of the world to see .
You get to stay in world class accommodations , enjoy a unique experience apart from the standard hotel , and possibly save a bundle .
The owner of the home ensures that their home does not go unappreciated , or underutilized .
BEST VACATION RENTALS IN THE WORLD
San Diego Vacation Rentals
Los Angeles Vacation Rentals
Miami Vacation Rentals
Orlando Vacation Rentals
Virginia Beach Vacation Rentals
Myrtle Beach Vacation Rentals
GEORGIA Vacation Rentals
Chicago Vacation Rentals
Colorado Springs Vacation Rentals
Panama City Beach Vacation Rentals
San Francisco Vacation Rentals
Wisconsin Dells Vacation Rentals
Seattle Vacation Rentals
Las Vegas Vacation Rentals
Nashville Vacation Rentals
Denver Vacation Rentals
Destin Vacation Rentals
Tampa Vacation Rentals
Treasure Island Vacation Rentals
Gulf Shores Vacation Rentals
New Orleans Vacation Rentals
Gatlinburg Vacation Rentals
Orange Beach Vacation Rentals
Honolulu Vacation Rentals
Houston Vacation Rentals
Atlanta Vacation Rentals
Austin Vacation Rentals
Francs Vacation Rentals
San Antonio Vacation Rentals
Portland Vacation Rentals
New York Vacation Rentals
Dallas Vacation Rentals
Phoenix Vacation Rentals
Galveston Vacation Rentals
Hilton Head Island Vacation Rentals
Saint Louis Vacation Rentals
Boston Vacation Rentals
Fort Walton Beach Vacation Rentals
London Vacation Rentals
South Lake Tahoe Vacation Rentals
Kissimmee Vacation Rentals
Sarasota Vacation Rentals
Mexico City Vacation Rentals
Charleston Vacation Rentals
Naples Vacation Rentals
Ocean City Vacation Rentals
Fort Myers Beach Vacation Rentals
Philadelphia Vacation Rentals
Salt Lake City Vacation Rentals
Miramar Beach Vacation Rentals
Berlin Vacation Rentals
Charlotte Vacation Rentals
Fort Lauderdale Vacation Rentals
Oklahoma City Vacation Rentals
Pensacola Beach Vacation Rentals
Siesta Key Vacation Rentals
Clearwater Beach Vacation Rentals
Big Bear Lake Vacation Rentals
Kansas City Vacation Rentals
Branson Vacation Rentals
Santa Rosa Beach Vacation Rentals
Texas Vacation Rentals
Key West Vacation Rentals
Cabo San Lucas Vacation Rentals
Palm Beach Vacation Rentals
Scottsdale Vacation Rentals
Jersey City Vacation Rentals
Asheville Vacation Rentals
Park City Vacation Rentals
Montana Vacation Rentals
Baltimore Vacation Rentals
Kauai Vacation Rentals
Columbia Vacation Rentals
Costa Rica Vacation Rentals
Balikesir Vacation Rentals
Monterey Vacation Rentals
Pigeon Forge Vacation Rentals
Washington Vacation Rentals
Tucson Vacation Rentals
Maui Vacation Rentals
Palm Springs Vacation Rentals
Custer Vacation Rentals
Rome Vacation Rentals
Rehoboth Beach Vacation Rentals
South Padre Island Vacation Rentals
Mammoth Lakes Vacation Rentals
Memphis Vacation Rentals
Bremen Vacation Rentals
San Bernardino Vacation Rentals
Minneapolis Vacation Rentals
Breckenridge Vacation Rentals
Paris Vacation Rentals
Daytona Beach Vacation Rentals
Holland Vacation Rentals
Hawaii Kai Vacation Rentals
Savannah Vacation Rentals
Santa Cruz Vacation Rentals
Barcelona Vacation Rentals
Columbus Vacation Rentals
Cleveland Vacation Rentals
Hamburg Vacation Rentals
Palma de Mallorca Vacation Rentals
Albuquerque Vacation Rentals
Oregon City Vacation Rentals
Steamboat Springs Vacation Rentals
Buena Park Vacation Rentals
Anna Maria Island Vacation Rentals
Louisville Vacation Rentals
Toronto Vacation Rentals
St. Augustine Vacation Rentals
Port Aransas Vacation Rentals
Sonoma Vacation Rentals
Keystone Vacation Rentals
Boulder Vacation Rentals
Santa Barbara Vacation Rentals
Newport Beach Vacation Rentals
Indianapolis Vacation Rentals
Raleigh Vacation Rentals
Atlantic City Vacation Rentals
Tokyo Vacation Rentals
Lancaster Vacation Rentals
Cambridge Vacation Rentals
Anaheim Vacation Rentals
Hawaii Vacation Rentals
Arlington Vacation Rentals
Pittsburgh Vacation Rentals
Fort Worth Vacation Rentals
Ocean City Vacation Rentals
Omaha Vacation Rentals
Jacksonville Vacation Rentals
Mexico Beach Vacation Rentals
Vancouver Vacation Rentals
Florence Vacation Rentals
Detroit Vacation Rentals
Tybee Island Vacation Rentals
Carolina Beach Vacation Rentals
Sanibel Vacation Rentals
Santa Monica Vacation Rentals
Venice Vacation Rentals
Hollywood Vacation Rentals
Virgin Gorda Vacation Rentals
Arlington Vacation Rentals
York Vacation Rentals
Stuttgart Vacation Rentals
Marco Island Vacation Rentals
Okaloosa Island Vacation Rentals
Kansas City Vacation Rentals
Santa Fe Vacation Rentals
Maryland Vacation Rentals
Mason Vacation Rentals
Perdido Key Vacation Rentals
Napa Vacation Rentals
Lake Buena Vista Vacation Rentals
Isle of Palms Vacation Rentals
Sequoia National Park Vacation Rentals
Aspen Vacation Rentals
Greenville Vacation Rentals
Spokane Vacation Rentals
San Jose Vacation Rentals
Amsterdam Vacation Rentals
Manheim Vacation Rentals
Santa Clara Vacation Rentals
Puerto Vallarta Vacation Rentals
Boise Vacation Rentals
Miami Beach Vacation Rentals
Split Vacation Rentals
Amelia Island Vacation Rentals
Saint Croix Island Vacation Rentals
Kaanapali Vacation Rentals
Beaufort Vacation Rentals
Irvine Vacation Rentals
Chattanooga Vacation Rentals
Cancun Vacation Rentals
Montreal Vacation Rentals
Cincinnati Vacation Rentals
Truckee Vacation Rentals
Cherokee Vacation Rentals
Grand Rapids Vacation Rentals
Tombstone Vacation Rentals
Oakland Vacation Rentals
Frankfurt am Main Vacation Rentals
Oceanside Vacation Rentals
Sacramento Vacation Rentals
Estes Park Vacation Rentals
Harbour Island Vacation Rentals
Knoxville Vacation Rentals
New Smyrna Beach Vacation Rentals
Kiawah Island Vacation Rentals
Folly Beach Vacation Rentals
Banff Vacation Rentals
Tulsa Vacation Rentals
Lincoln Vacation Rentals
Hunding Vacation Rentals
Lake Ozark Vacation Rentals
Malibu Vacation Rentals
Sedona Vacation Rentals
Tacoma Vacation Rentals
Mount Crested Butte Vacation Rentals
Milwaukee Vacation Rentals
Durango Vacation Rentals
Hawaii ( Big Island ) Vacation Rentals
Nags Head Vacation Rentals
Ventura Vacation Rentals
Sanibel Island Vacation Rentals
Vail Vacation Rentals
Orange Vacation Rentals
Fairfax Vacation Rentals
Grand Teton National Park Vacation Rentals
Davenport Vacation Rentals
San Simeon Vacation Rentals
Playa del Carmen Vacation Rentals
Bonita Springs Vacation Rentals
St. Petersburg Vacation Rentals
Biloxi Vacation Rentals
Mount Shasta Vacation Rentals
Mount Pocono Vacation Rentals
Monaco Vacation Rentals
Long Beach Vacation Rentals
Indiana Vacation Rentals
Blue Ridge Vacation Rentals
Wilmington Vacation Rentals
Taos Vacation Rentals
Daytona Beach Shores Vacation Rentals
Bethany Beach Vacation Rentals
Worcester Vacation Rentals
Key Largo Vacation Rentals
Surfside Beach Vacation Rentals
Oregon Vacation Rentals
Idaho Falls Vacation Rentals
Berkeley Vacation Rentals
Wichita Vacation Rentals
Munich Vacation Rentals
Wake Forest Vacation Rentals
Ocean Isle Beach Vacation Rentals
Winter Park Vacation Rentals
Plymouth Vacation Rentals
Mountain View Vacation Rentals
Portland Vacation Rentals
Oak Island Vacation Rentals
Madrid Vacation Rentals
Stolpe auf Usedom Vacation Rentals
Newport Vacation Rentals
Jekyll Island Vacation Rentals
Huntington Beach Vacation Rentals
Wildwood Vacation Rentals
Helen Vacation Rentals
Lexington Vacation Rentals
Haren Vacation Rentals
Flagstaff Vacation Rentals
Palm Desert Vacation Rentals
Dublin Vacation Rentals
Eugene Vacation Rentals
Gulfport Vacation Rentals
Montenegro Vacation Rentals
Naples Vacation Rentals
Ontario Vacation Rentals
Shenandoah Vacation Rentals
Salem Vacation Rentals
Ibiza Town Vacation Rentals
Emerald Isle Vacation Rentals
Winter Park Vacation Rentals
Duluth Vacation Rentals
Madeira Beach Vacation Rentals
Norco Vacation Rentals
Vallejo Vacation Rentals
Morrisville ( Bucks County ) Vacation Rentals
Rosemary Beach Vacation Rentals
Dauphin Island Vacation Rentals
Cocoa Beach Vacation Rentals
Snowshoe Vacation Rentals
Kennett Square Vacation Rentals
Hot Springs Vacation Rentals
Jackson Vacation Rentals
Lakeland Vacation Rentals
New Braunfels Vacation Rentals
Sydney Vacation Rentals
Gunnison Vacation Rentals
Bradenton Beach Vacation Rentals
Turks and Caicos Island Vacation Rentals
Baton Rouge Vacation Rentals
Fehmarn Vacation Rentals
Denton Vacation Rentals
Riverside Vacation Rentals
Fairfield Vacation Rentals
Long Beach Island Vacation Rentals
Puerto Penasco Vacation Rentals
Whistler Vacation Rentals
Grand Bahama Island Vacation Rentals
Pinellas Park Vacation Rentals
Sunset Beach Vacation Rentals
Kenai Vacation Rentals
Madison Vacation Rentals
Big Sur Vacation Rentals
Allentown Vacation Rentals
Prescott Vacation Rentals
Bankli Vacation Rentals
Williamsport Vacation Rentals
Punta Gorda Vacation Rentals
Richmond Vacation Rentals
Ruidoso Vacation Rentals
Anchorage Vacation Rentals
Laguna Beach Vacation Rentals
Four Corners Vacation Rentals
Kihei Vacation Rentals
Cuyahoga Falls Vacation Rentals
Lincoln City Vacation Rentals
See Vacation Rentals
Bay Lake Vacation Rentals
Temecula Vacation Rentals
York Vacation Rentals
Erie Vacation Rentals
Victoria Vacation Rentals
Cape Canaveral Vacation Rentals
Fremont Vacation Rentals
Bentonville Vacation Rentals
Greensboro Vacation Rentals
Bergen Vacation Rentals
Big Sky Vacation Rentals
Estero Vacation Rentals
Mendocino Vacation Rentals
Yosemite National Park Vacation Rentals
Cape Cod Vacation Rentals
Bryson City Vacation Rentals
Navarre Vacation Rentals
Rockport Vacation Rentals
Lacoste ( Vaucluse ) Vacation Rentals
Palm Coast Vacation Rentals
St. Simons Island Vacation Rentals
Cape Coral Vacation Rentals
Mackinaw City Vacation Rentals
Colorado Vacation Rentals
Birmingham Vacation Rentals
Captiva Island Vacation Rentals
Newport Vacation Rentals
Venice Vacation Rentals
Fullerton Vacation Rentals
La Quinta Vacation Rentals
Nassau Vacation Rentals
Pensacola Vacation Rentals
Traverse City Vacation Rentals
Mount Hood Vacation Rentals
Merrimack Vacation Rentals
Lake Geneva Vacation Rentals
Rio de Janeiro Vacation Rentals
George Town Vacation Rentals
Santa Claus Vacation Rentals
Nebraska City Vacation Rentals
Seaside Vacation Rentals
Kenosha Vacation Rentals
Bristol Vacation Rentals
Lake Forest Vacation Rentals
Klamath Falls Vacation Rentals
Fort Morgan Vacation Rentals
San Luis Obispo Vacation Rentals
Washington Vacation Rentals
San Jose del Cabo Vacation Rentals
Telluride Vacation Rentals
Medellin Vacation Rentals
Marathon Vacation Rentals
George Vacation Rentals
Langhorne Vacation Rentals
Brevard Vacation Rentals
Nantucket Vacation Rentals
Pasadena Vacation Rentals
Leipzig Vacation Rentals
South Bend Vacation Rentals
Bodega Bay Vacation Rentals
Prague Vacation Rentals
Jupiter Vacation Rentals
St. George Vacation Rentals
Timmendorfer Strand Vacation Rentals
Mount Pleasant Vacation Rentals
Alameda Vacation Rentals
St. George Island Vacation Rentals
Burlington Vacation Rentals
Melbourne Vacation Rentals
Golden Vacation Rentals
Poole Vacation Rentals
Providence Vacation Rentals
Gainesville Vacation Rentals
Rock Vacation Rentals
Flagler Beach Vacation Rentals
Canaan Vacation Rentals
St. Pete Beach Vacation Rentals
Bald Head Island Vacation Rentals
Delta Vacation Rentals
Robinson Township ( Allegheny County ) Vacation Rentals
Glenwood Springs Vacation Rentals
Laughlin Vacation Rentals
Borkum Island Vacation Rentals
Stowe Vacation Rentals
Kyoto Vacation Rentals
Sint Nicolaas Vacation Rentals
Dresden Vacation Rentals
Lebanon Vacation Rentals
Torrance Vacation Rentals
Lewes Vacation Rentals
Niagara Falls Vacation Rentals
Kuehlungsborn Vacation Rentals
Country Club Vacation Rentals
Marietta Vacation Rentals
Columbia Vacation Rentals
Redwood City Vacation Rentals
Tempe Vacation Rentals
DeLand Vacation Rentals
Oregon Vacation Rentals
Kennesaw Vacation Rentals
Gilbert Vacation Rentals
Holden Beach Vacation Rentals
Bluffton Vacation Rentals
Round Rock Vacation Rentals
Chandler Vacation Rentals
Sunriver Vacation Rentals
Bar Harbor Vacation Rentals
Murrieta Vacation Rentals
Rockville Vacation Rentals
Muskegon Vacation Rentals
Broken Bow Vacation Rentals
Townsend Vacation Rentals
Edisto Beach Vacation Rentals
Henderson Vacation Rentals
Carlsbad Vacation Rentals
New London Vacation Rentals
Wimberley Vacation Rentals
Yakima Vacation Rentals
Littleton Vacation Rentals
Maggie Valley Vacation Rentals
Roatan Vacation Rentals
Garden City Vacation Rentals
Alexandria Vacation Rentals
Hayward Vacation Rentals
Springfield Vacation Rentals
Ensenada Vacation Rentals
Durham Vacation Rentals
Osage Beach Vacation Rentals
Port St. Joe Vacation Rentals
Fredericksburg Vacation Rentals
Davis Vacation Rentals
Kapolei Vacation Rentals
Guanica Vacation Rentals
Clermont Vacation Rentals
Cape May Vacation Rentals
Fresno Vacation Rentals
Dortmund Vacation Rentals
Annapolis Vacation Rentals
Green Bay Vacation Rentals
Pullman Vacation Rentals
Kalamazoo Vacation Rentals
Bakersfield Vacation Rentals
El Dorado Hills Vacation Rentals
Deerfield Beach Vacation Rentals
Nuevo Vallarta Vacation Rentals
Indio Vacation Rentals
Red River Vacation Rentals
Edinburgh Vacation Rentals
Virginia Vacation Rentals
Islamorada Vacation Rentals
Lindau ( Bodensee ) Vacation Rentals
Sunnyvale Vacation Rentals
Eureka Springs Vacation Rentals
New Port Richey Vacation Rentals
Lake Lure Vacation Rentals
Fort Collins Vacation Rentals
Grindelwald Vacation Rentals
Copenhagen Vacation Rentals
Nice Vacation Rentals
Athens Vacation Rentals
Eureka Vacation Rentals
Ogden Vacation Rentals
Mesquite Vacation Rentals
Lahaina Vacation Rentals
Crystal River Vacation Rentals
Quebec City Vacation Rentals
Norddeich ( Norden ) Vacation Rentals
Corolla Vacation Rentals
Altoona Vacation Rentals
Huntsville Vacation Rentals
Wrightsville Beach Vacation Rentals
Riviera Maya Vacation Rentals
Indian Shores Vacation Rentals
Coeur d'Alene Vacation Rentals
Cleebronn Vacation Rentals
Beaver Creek Vacation Rentals
West Palm Beach Vacation Rentals
Pocono Pines Vacation Rentals
Hamilton Vacation Rentals
Frisco Vacation Rentals
Mercedes Vacation Rentals
Merida Vacation Rentals
Mobile Vacation Rentals
Glendale Vacation Rentals
El Paso Vacation Rentals
Pismo Beach Vacation Rentals
Lake Forest Vacation Rentals
Michigan City Vacation Rentals
Bellevue Vacation Rentals
Stamford Vacation Rentals
Langeoog Island Vacation Rentals
Arafo Vacation Rentals
Reviews
Stayed with family - Recommended to friends and family
Beautiful , very well equipped condo .
Great location .
Enjoyed the ground floor with easy access to the outside patio and green area .
Owners are awesome and we would definitely stay here again .
Way too short a visit !!!!
Stayed with family - Recommended to friends and family View more
Excellent property which the owner has furnished to a high standard .
I recommend this condo and will not hesitate to rent it again .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Genetically engineered bacteria could make cellulosic ethanol cheaper to manufacture , researchers reported on Monday , in a finding that may unlock more energy from the waste products of farming and forestry .
A vile of cellulosic material sits in a fridge inside a research facility for cellulosic ethanol at the University of Guelph in Guelph , in this May 7 , 2008 file photo .
REUTERS / Mark Blinch / Files
Ethanol from cellulose , the kind of sugar in the likes of cornstalks and sawdust , is being promoted as an environmentally friendly alternative to fossil fuels , with the advantage that it does not use food crops such as corn as raw materials .
The genetically engineered bacteria ferment cellulose to produce ethanol more efficiently , the scientists wrote in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Science .
Naturally occurring bacteria can also ferment cellulose but they do it at lower temperatures that require the use of an expensive enzyme called cellulase , said Lee Lynd of Dartmouth College , an author of the study .
The newly engineered bacterium , known as ALK2 , can ferment all the sugars present in biomass and can do it at 122 degrees F ( 50 degrees C ) , compared with conventional microbes that cannot function above 98.6 degrees F ( 37 degrees C ) .
At higher temperatures , the fermentation process required two and a half times less cellulase in one controlled experiment , Lynd said in a telephone interview .
Doing it the natural way produces organic acids in addition to the ethanol , while ethanol is the only organic product of fermentation with the new bacteria , Lynd said .
ALK2 is more efficient than the microorganisms now in use in breaking down all five sugars present in cellulosic biomass simultaneously , he said .
“ This bug will ferment them all and it will ferment them at the same time , ” Lynd said .
Cellulosic ethanol has almost no net emissions of climate - warming greenhouse gases because the carbon dioxide captured in growing the plants that go into it roughly equals what is emitted while running an engine , Dartmouth said in a statement .
In addition to being a professor at Dartmouth , Lynd is chief scientific officer and co-founder of Mascoma Corp , a company working to develop processes to make cellulosic ethanol .
" We ordered almost 50 pairs at first and they are well on the way to selling out .
The concept of the shoes is absolutely fantastic - and perfect for the summer .
You get two pairs of shoes in one .
The designer is always looking at new styles .
President Bush ’s statement today on oil could be interpreted by some as proof positive , at least for the final months of this administration , that oil still trumps broader energy and climate issues .
In his Rose Garden speech , Mr. Bush briefly noted a planned boost in fuel - mileage standards for vehicles and technologies that might move the country away from petroleum in coming decades .
But the four prongs of the speech were not about using less fuel , but boosting supplies : drilling offshore , extracting oil from shale , drilling on the coast of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge , and adding refineries .
Home buying practices adjust to high gas prices
In his hunt for a new home , Demetrius Stroud crunched the numbers to find out that , with gas prices climbing , moving near an Amtrak station is the best thing for his wallet .
Stroud was looking in Elk Grove. , Calif . — about 85 miles away from his job in the San Francisco Bay Area — because homes there are more affordable .
But with gas at $ 4.50 and a car that gets about 22 miles per gallon , Stroud would be pumping $ 560 a month into his tank .
So instead he made an offer on a home near the train station in Davis , which will shave $ 160 off his commuting costs .
Oil price spike puts farmers in grim situation
“ I ’ve been farming since the 1960s , ” said Texas Farm Bureau President Kenneth Dierschke , a San Angelo - area cotton and grain farmer .
“ In the years since , we ’ve all seen dozens of grim situations in agriculture .
They pale in comparison to the major problem that is shaping up in our industry at this very moment . ”
May oil demand down 0.1 pct from year ago : API
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Demand for crude oil and petroleum products in May fell a slight 0.1 percent from a year earlier , and U.S. gasoline use for the January - May period dropped for the first time since 1991 , as record - high pump prices dented demand , the American Petroleum Institute said on Wednesday .
Total petroleum product deliveries , excluding exports , averaged 20.614 million barrels per day , down 17,000 bpd from May 2007 , the API said in its monthly oil report .
Fuel price protests hit Brussels
BRUSSELS ( Reuters ) - Belgian farmers , truckers and taxi drivers staged protests against soaring fuel prices on Wednesday , the latest in a series of demonstrations across Europe and Asia as oil has hit record highs on world markets .
Hundreds of tractors clogged traffic as they converged on Brussels , while truckers and taxi drivers staged a go - slow on the city 's inner ring road .
Tornado - damaged power lines cause ComEd congestion
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Crews at Exelon Corp 's Commonwealth Edison subsidiary continued to repair power lines south of Chicago damaged by a tornado on June 7 , a spokesman for ComEd said Wednesday .
The damaged lines , coupled with heavy West - East power transfers , have resulted in increased congestion in the ComEd and NIPSCO systems , PJM , the Mid-Atlantic / Midwest power grid operator , said in a June 17 report .
Poll : Fuel spike curbs vacations , dining out
WASHINGTON - Many Americans will forgo vacations and dine in more often to combat soaring fuel prices , while 1 in 10 are rethinking where they live or work , according to a Reuters / Zogby poll released on Wednesday .
Nearly 39 percent of those surveyed said they were considering changing vacation plans , while 31 percent plan to eat out less often .
The poll of 1,113 likely voters found that 58 percent intended to drive less , and 2 out of 10 said they would rely more heavily on mass transportation .
Oil - paying the political price
Consumers are worried about how they will afford the growing costs of petrol .
Economists are worried about the effect of the high oil price on the national and global economy .
Well here is another oil - related issue to worry about : the effect of the high price on international politics .
Australia PM sees gas crisis hitting economy
SYDNEY ( Reuters ) - Australia 's economy is under threat from a power crisis in the country 's west , the premier declared on Wednesday , and ordered the navy to divert diesel to keep mining and other industries running .
The state of Western Australia , which is five times the size of Texas , lost a third of its gas supply two weeks ago when a gas plant blew up .
The loss could weigh on the Australian economy , one of the world 's healthiest , thanks in large part to the injection of billions of dollars from the state 's mining exports .
Bush sending energy chief to Saudi oil parley
WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- President Bush is sending Energy Secretary Samuel Bodman to Saudi Arabia for a one - day meeting of oil producers .
Bodman is leading a U.S. delegation to the meeting on Sunday in the port city of Jiddah in Saudia Arabia , the world 's largest oil producer .
Saudi Arabia has called the meeting of oil producing countries and consumers to discuss ways of dealing with soaring energy prices and preventing further increases .
Iran Slams Saudi Over Upping Oil Output
Iran says Saudi Arabia should not be increasing its oil output unilaterally , claiming such decisions require a consensus from the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC ) .
City of Idaho Falls Considers Fuel Storage Facility in Case of Emergency
In the event of a natural disaster or fuel shortage -- if gasoline could n't be delivered to our area how would our emergency vehicles operate ?
Right now we have a two to three day backup supply of fuel , but what if that was n't enough in an emergency ...
That 's why some city officials are proposing construction of a fuel storage facility that could sustain services for a month , by holding 50,000 gallons of fuel , including unleaded , diesel and biodiesel .
From the oilsands to the pump
EDMONTON - Getting a litre of fuel out of the Athabasca Oilsands and into your automobile is a complex process requiring huge investments , a labyrinth of technology and the mastery of several goofy - sounding words .
U.S. Concerns Over India - Iran Gas Pipeline
To fuel its growing economy , India is turning to Iran .
A proposed 2,600 - kilometer gas pipeline would carry natural gas from fields in Iran to India to satisfy the country ’s increasing demand for energy .
The proposed 7.5 - billion dollar pipeline would run through Pakistan .
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf cleared obstacles to the planned pipeline after the Iranian President ’s recent visit to New Delhi and Islamabad .
Washington continues to oppose the pipeline because it believes the pipeline will bolster Iran .
Sinopec opens Qingdao refinery
( China Knowledge ) - China Petroleum & Chemical Corp ( Sinopec ) , China 's largest oil refiner , has started its 10 million - ton - a - year refinery in Qingdao , East China 's Shandong province , to help ease domestic supply shortage of refined oil products .
UK : Strike sparks extra tanker call
More fuel tankers could be requested for Devon and Cornwall to ensure the counties do not experience fuel supply problems , a minister has said .
Nearly 600 petrol stations in Devon and Cornwall ran out of supplies on the final day of a four - day industrial dispute by tanker drivers over pay .
Cheap airlines face fare hike choices
Discount carriers are being forced to find ways to fit in fare hikes without scaring away customers as oil nears $ 140 a barrel .
Fresh protests in Nepal capital at fuel price hike
KATHMANDU ( Reuters ) - Taxis , buses and cars went off the streets in the Nepali capital on Wednesday , as hundreds of students burned tyres and blocked roads in new protests against a recent hike in fuel prices and transport fares , police said .
Last week , Nepal 's state - run oil firm increased petrol and diesel prices by about 25 percent , to cut losses due to a global rise in fuel prices and meet a domestic shortage of fuel .
Pakistan : Loadshedding becomes a nightmare
KARACHI - The Karachiites continue to suffer with prolonged power outage while riots erupted in various areas on Tuesday .
The temperature of the City has increased up to 37C as Karachiites suffered with sizzling heat till the evening and also faced unannounced loadshedding in several localities .
Nevada panel endorses toll road plan
Advocates for privatization say the tool is an option for the state because of a shortage of funds available to build needed roads .
They cite rising costs for construction materials , including asphalt .
Also , the governor is opposed to increasing taxes to pay for such projects .
Opponents say more conventional alternatives should be pursued .
Boosting the state ’s fuel tax rates is one possibility .
Mexico , Industry to Fix Price of More Than 150 Items
( Bloomberg ) -- Mexico 's government reached an accord with industry groups to fix the price of tuna , coffee , beans and more than 150 other items through the end of the year after inflation accelerated to the fastest in three years .
The agreement with the Confederation of Industrial Chambers , an umbrella group of industry organizations , also covers tortillas , wheat flour , ketchup and cooking oil , said Ismael Plascencia Nunez , the president of the confederation .
Norway may park free parking
In its latest drive to curb the use of cars , Norway 's government is considering forcing shopping centers to charge customers for parking in the centers ' lots or garages .
The goal , according to a report prepared by the state environmental ministry , is to discourage customers from using their cars for shopping trips .
Ride for free on ' Dump the Pump Day '
NEW BEDFORD —
There is relief , at least for a day , from the spiking price of gasoline : Bus rides will be free on Thursday .
The Southeastern Regional Transit Authority will cover their fare boxes Thursday , their tribute to national Dump the Pump Day , sponsored by the American Public Transportation Association .
Nigerian environmentalists support coal mining
Nigerian environmental experts have called on the government to reintroduce coal mining in a move aimed at solving the country 's current power crunch and salvaging its disappearing forests .
Study : Solar energy cost will plummet by 2025
A new study makes the case that solar power is emerging as a cost - effective hedge against fossil fuels and is likely to reach parity with retail electricity rates in most regions of the United States in less than a decade .
Energy and innovation
The easily obtained supplies were running out .
To get more of the energy source that fuelled a nation , workers had to explore and dig to unprecedented depths .
Costs rose steadily and some experts were certain there was no solution .
Progress would halt .
In the future lay crisis and collapse .
The year is 1712 .
The nation is England .
The energy source running dangerously low is coal .
I did n't mention this at the beginning lest the reader think these facts are somehow obscure or irrelevant to the struggle for energy we face today .
They are neither .
Are They Really Oil Wars ?
A most widely - cited factor behind the recent US wars of choice is said to be oil .
“ No Blood for Oil ” has been a rallying cry for most of the opponents of the war .
While some of these opponents argue that the war is driven by the US desire for cheap oil , others claim that it is prompted by big oil ’s wish for high oil prices and profits .
Interestingly , most antiwar forces use both claims interchangeably without paying attention to the fact that they are diametrically - opposed assertions .
Real Road Rage
As the price of gasoline soars , Americans are forced to think in ways that they have n't in generations : to drive , or not to drive ?
Do they park the car and opt for public transportation ?
Or do they try to sell the ole gas guzzler ( better known as SUVs ) for a tiny foreign import ?
For most of the latter 20th century , a car was seen as an American right , more sacred than freedom of the press , for while many may 've felt that the functions of a free press was problematic , the freedom to drive ( with relatively cheap gas ) was part of the national psyche .
McCain's Nuclear Solution a Threat To Us All
In a speech late last week , Sen . John McCain stated that we must develop nuclear plants all over the country while pointing out that Sen.
Barack Obama 's campaign website contains no mention of nuclear power as a solution to the current energy crisis .
" We 're not going to attain energy independence nor will we reduce green house gas emissions successfully without rapidly developing nuclear power plants all across this country , " McCain said .
McCain's Sea Change On Offshore Oil
While Democrats want to continue to outsource our energy supplies to the likes of Hugo Chavez , John McCain wants to repeal the federal ban on offshore drilling .
The energy tide is turning .
Boone ’s Farm : Oilman Asks Feds to Help Distribute His Wind Power
While a parade of experts from the DOE to wind - energy lobbyists testified , the choicest remarks came from oilman - turned - clean - energy maven T. Boone Pickens .
Mr. Pickens , who ’s building the world ’s largest wind farm , in the Texas panhandle , cut to the chase : America can curb its dependence on foreign oil by adding more power lines .
His idea ?
By making wind power a bigger part of the electricity mix , other generation fuels will be freed up to power cars , cutting oil imports .
South Africa : Gas Fields ' Could Solve Energy Crisis '
The gas fields off the West Coast must be developed if the country is to solve the energy problems strangling economic growth , says the Cape Town Regional Chamber of Commerce and Industry .
Chamber president Gerald Wolman said the gas , which was discovered nearly a decade ago , could be a primary fuel for industry and be used to generate electricity to ease the current crisis .
Lithuania 's Mazeikiu refinery shut down after power cut
VILNIUS ( AFP ) - Lithuania 's trouble - prone Mazeikiu Nafta oil complex , the only refinery in the Baltic states , was shut down in an emergency on Monday after electricity supply problems developed , its operating company said .
ND utility to unveil plans to capture C02
BISMARCK , N.D. — Basin Electric Power Cooperative is unveiling a project to capture carbon dioxide at its coal - fired power plant in central North Dakota , then pipe the gas to Canada where it will be pumped underground to force oil to the surface .
Gazans make own fuel amid Israel restrictions
GAZA CITY , Gaza Strip - Taxi driver Saif Khadour swears by his recipe to keep his cherry - red Mercedes Benz on the road : four parts cooking oil to one part turpentine .
Other motorists have experimented with different concoctions added to cooking oil , including shots of diesel , motor oil , kerosene , pesticides and even air freshener , as ways around Israeli - imposed fuel restrictions in the Gaza Strip .
Still others have converted gas - run cars to electric batteries .
IEA Seeks Increase in Oil Output at Saudi Meeting
( Bloomberg ) --
The International Energy Agency is seeking an immediate increase in oil output at this weekend 's producer - consumer summit in Saudi Arabia to ``calm markets '' in the wake of record crude prices .
`` The main message that will be very good is if we see an increase in production now , '' Fatih Birol , chief economist at the IEA , said today in an interview in Istanbul .
Oil producers should also agree ``to increase spare capacity for the next years to come .
This is what the markets need to hear . ''
Tom Petrie :
As price rations consumption , ' it 's not all a bad thing ' for oil
Q : Are you concerned the high prices will trigger retraction or demand destruction ?
A : They will , and frankly , we need it to happen .
If we do n't destroy some demand and therefore change patterns of consumption in this country , I do n't see how we really can balance the equation this time .
If I 'm half right about this idea of practical peak oil , then we need to use price as a way to ration consumption .
It 's not all a bad thing .
Dutch expect more Saudi production after summit
The Dutch government expects Saudi Arabia to increase oil production when ministers from producing and consuming nations meet in Saudi Arabia on June 22 to discuss soaring oil prices .
" We expect an announcement of more production , " Minister of Economic Affairs Maria van de Hoeven told a press conference today in The Hague .
Van de Hoeven will attend the meeting in Jeddah to find out what 's driving record prices , she added .
" The market has to become more transparent and there must be more investments . "
Mexico May Raise Daily Oil Output 4.3 Percent by 2009
( Bloomberg ) -- Mexico may increase crude production to 3 million barrels a day next year as state - owned Petroleos Mexicanos pumps more oil to make up for the biggest drop in output in a dozen years at its largest field , the country 's energy minister said .
Oil , gas supplies from Sakhalin II may start in Dec. - Gazprom
MOSCOW ( RIA Novosti ) - Oil and gas supplies from the Sakhalin II project off Russia 's Pacific Coast may start in December 2008 , Gazprom 's deputy CEO said on Wednesday .
" The company is making every effort to keep to this schedule , " Alexander Medvedev said .
The launch of supplies was previously planned for early 2009 .
Kazakhstan Exempts PSA Holders From New Oil Production Taxes
( Bloomberg ) -- Kazakhstan exempted international oil companies such as Chevron Corp. acting under current so - called production - sharing agreements from taxes on output that come into force next year .
A sliding scale on crude output will start on Jan.1 , the government said today in a presentation released at a conference on taxation in the capital , Astana .
Norway oil rig workers reach deal , strike averted
OSLO ( Reuters ) -
Wage talks between Norwegian drilling rig owners and three trade unions reached an agreement overnight , avoiding a strike at four offshore rigs , the Norwegian Shipowners ' Association said on Wednesday .
High oil price ?
Just blame the consumer
Saudi Arabia 's decision to pump more oil could mean that it thinks oil prices are too high and that increased supply will cause them to fall .
It could mean that it thinks prices have peaked and that it can now maximize its profits by increasing production .
It could mean that King Abdullah , on sober geopolitical reflection , decided to do U.S. President George W. Bush a personal favour .
Or it could mean that the Trilateral Commission ( or take your pick : Masonic Order , the Rockefellers , Boy Scouts of America ) conspired to make it happen .
The marvellous thing is that the reason does n't really matter – at least not in allocating the use of an apparently expensive natural resource .
A billion people , more or less , will decide this issue , based solely on home economics , all by themselves .
The Great Oil Swindle : manipulation or fraud ?
For months we ’ve been told that the soaring price of oil has been the result of Peak Oil , fighting in Iraq , attacks on oil facilities in Nigeria , labour problems in Norway , and ( the all - time favourite ) growth in China .
It ’s all baloney .
Just like Goldman Sachs prediction of US$ 200 per barrel oil is baloney [ all amounts in US dollars : US $ 1 = AU $ 1.07 ] .
If oil is about to skyrocket then why has G - Sax kept a neutral rating on some of its oil holdings like ExxonMobile ?
Could it be that they know that oil is just another mega - inflated equity bubble — like housing , corporate bonds and dot.com stocks — that is about to crash to earth as soon as the big players grab a parachute ?
There are three things that are driving up the price of oil : the falling dollar , speculation and buying on margin .
Oil shale and the current energy crisis
On Sunday I read a rant about oil shale on a midwest blog ( Sorry , I do n't have the link ) .
The author said that he was , " sick of the Left , " blocking energy projects .
He mentioned the estimated trillions of barrels of oil locked up in oil shale in Colorado , Utah and Wyoming .
As I read his post I quickly understood that he thought that oil shale technology was far enough along that the nation is being denied its benefits both for lower energy prices and independence from foreign oil .
In case there are other readers out there that are thinking along similar lines I feel compelled to let you know what I know about the current situation .
Are we all North Koreans now ?
Gas prices in the United States are above US $ 4 a gallon ; global food prices surged 39 % last year ; and an environmental disaster looms as carbon emissions continue to spiral upward .
The global economy appears on the verge of a technical knockout , a triple whammy from energy , agriculture and climate - change trends .
Right now you may be grumbling about the extra bucks you 're shelling out at the pump and the grocery store ; but , unless policymakers begin to address all three of these trends as one major crisis , it could get a whole lot worse .
Just ask the North Koreans .
Oil shortage to have widespread impact
Depleted oil reserves may not only be tough on your gas tank , it may also be hazardous for your health .
Peak oil is a term that will become more and more familiar as the world 's oil stocks become depleted and harder to reach , said Dr. Donald Spady , an associate professor of pediatrics and public health sciences in the faculty of medicine and dentistry at the University of Alberta .
Australian leader says he is ready to control oil stocks to meet state 's energy shortfall
CANBERRA , Australia : Australia 's government is ready to take emergency control over the nation 's oil stocks to meet energy shortages in a mining boom state caused by an explosion at a natural gas plant , the prime minister said Wednesday .
Western Australia state , a major exporter of iron ore and natural gas , lost 30 percent of its natural gas supplies on June 3 when Apache Energy 's plant at remote Varanus Island was shut down by a pipeline explosion .
No one was injured .
Gas generates 60 percent of the state 's electricity .
Thousands of state workers are being laid off or asked to take vacation leave until gas supplies are resumed , while other business are turning to diesel - powered backup generators .
Suspicious of oil prices , commodities cop takes action
The push to improve the integrity of the white - hot oil futures market is gaining momentum .
With suspicions of oil speculation on the rise , the USA 's top commodities cop announced steps Tuesday to close some regulatory loopholes that hindered its ability to detect market abuse .
The moves are designed to make it easier for U.S. - based regulators to monitor investors that trade U.S. oil on foreign exchanges and identify ones that try to game the system .
Bush to urge lifting of ban on offshore drilling
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - President George W. Bush on Wednesday will call on Congress to pass legislation lifting a ban on offshore oil drilling as he seeks remedies to record - high energy prices , the White House said .
" With gasoline now over $ 4 a gallon , tomorrow he will explicitly call on Congress to also pass legislation lifting the congressional ban on safe , environmentally friendly offshore oil drilling , " White House spokeswoman Dana Perino said on Tuesday .
Japan to announce joint gas exploration with China : reports
TOKYO ( AFP ) - Japan is to announce on Wednesday an accord with China to jointly develop gas fields in the East China Sea , resolving a spat that was a thorn in relations of the two major energy importers , reports said .
Japan will announce the deal on the long - running spat at an evening press conference by Foreign Minister Masahiko Komura and Economy , Trade and Industry Minister Akira Amari , Jiji Press news agency and other media said .
BP , Russian Partners Vie For Control of Oil Venture
MOSCOW --
A bare - knuckles boardroom battle has broken out between the British oil giant BP and its Russian partners over the direction and control of a prized joint venture , TNK - BP , which is Russia 's third - largest oil producer and a key source of oil reserves for the international energy giant .
Rebels could hit Chinese oil interests in Sudan : US activist
UNITED NATIONS ( AFP ) - A US human rights activist on Tuesday warned China that it risked rebel attacks against its oil interests in Sudan unless it put pressure on its ally Khartoum to end the violence in Darfur and south Sudan .
R.I.P. to the S.U.V .
It ’s hard to convince most Americans that there is a silver lining to $ 4 - a - gallon gasoline .
But General Motors provided a nugget of good news when it announced that it would shutter much of its production of pickups and sport utility vehicles — and might even get rid of the Hummer , the relative of the Abrams tank unleashed on the streets in the cheap - gas days of the 1990s .
It ’s hardly the solution to global warming , or the country ’s dependence on imported oil , but it ’s a start .
Speeders to pay extra for police fuel
HOLLY SPRINGS , Ga. —
The surging price of gasoline has come to this : a " fuel surcharge " on your next speeding ticket .
Drivers caught speeding in this north Atlanta suburb soon will have to pay an extra $ 12 — to cover $ 4 - a - gallon gas costs for the police officers who stop them .
June is Bustin ' Oil All Over
According to Rep Peter DeFazio ( D - Or ) , the entity that owns the most oil in the United States right now is not ExxonMobil or Chevron or Valero : it ’s Morgan Stanley .
So what ’s Morgan Stanley doing with all that oil ?
Speculating on the petrofraud bonanza .
A new series called Black Gold debuts tonight on TruTv ( formerly CourtTV ) .
From the creator of Ice Road Truckers and Deadliest Catch comes a one - of - a- kind series about Texas oil men who gamble everything for a chance to strike it rich .
Wildcatters risk their life savings and roughnecks risk their lives .
Black Gold takes you inside the action as the race for oil heats up .
The 4th of July was celebrated as our Independence Day in 1777 .
John Adams predicted in a letter to his wife Abigail that Americans would celebrate their Independence Day on July 2 .
Off by two days — not too bad for government work .
On July 2 , 1776 , Congress adopted the Declaration of Independence , signed only by Charles Thompson ( the secretary of Congress ) and John Hancock ( the presiding officer ) .
Two days later Congress approved the revised version and ordered it to be printed and distributed to the states and military officers .
The other signatures would have to wait .
Many actually viewed the Declaration of Independence as a yawner — a rehashing of arguments already made against the British government .
John Adams would later describe the Declaration as " dress and ornament rather than Body , Soul , or Substance . "
The exception was the last paragraph that said the united colonies " are and of Right ought to be Free and Independent states " and were " Absolved of all Allegiance to the British Crown . "
For Adams , it was the momentum towards achieving American independence initiated on July 2 that future generations would consider worth celebrating , not the approval of this document on July 4 .
Interestingly , the pomp and circumstance that many Americans presume took place on July 4 , 1776 , actually occurred days to weeks afterwards .
The Philadelphia Evening Post published the Declaration 's full text in its July 6 newspaper .
And the Declaration of Independence was publicly read from the State House in Philadelphia on July 8 .
Later that day , it was read in Easton , PA , Trenton , NJ , and to the local embryonic militia to provide much - needed inspiration against the formidable British .
The shouting and firing of muskets that followed these first public readings represent America 's first celebrations of independence .
As copies spread , the Declaration of Independence would be read at town meetings and religious services .
In response , Americans lit bonfires , fired guns , rang bells , and removed symbols of the British monarchy .
The following year , no member of Congress thought about commemorating the adoption of the Declaration of Independence until July 3 — one day too late .
So the first organized elaborate celebration of independence occurred the following day : July 4 , 1777 , in Philadelphia .
Ships in the harbor were decked in the nation 's colors .
Cannons rained 13 - gun salutes in honor of each state .
And parades and fireworks spiced up the festivities .
Fireworks did not become staples of July 4 celebrations until after 1816 , when Americans began producing their own pyrotechnics and no longer relied on expensive fireworks from across the pond .
Since 1777 , the tradition of celebrating America ’s independence on July 4 has continued .
Follow Life 's Little Mysteries on Twitter @llmysteries .
We 're also on Facebook & Google + .
Get out your calendars right now and reserve the weekend of the 20th and 21st of September !
Plan to be in Fort Collins for the premier green festival of northern Colorado , the Rocky Mountain Sustainable Living Fair .
The Sustainable Living Fair is a solution based , hands - on , family oriented event designed to educate people of all ages and backgrounds about Sustainable Living Practices , Renewable Energy , Environmental & Social Responsibility , Natural Health , Green Building , Alternative Vehicles , Organic Agriculture , Local Economies and more .
This event draws thousands of people every year for a weekend of green education , community building , and inspiring speakers .
For five bucks you can take your pick from over 50 workshops and learn about local food , sustainable agriculture and green living from hundreds of exhibitors .
Almost 10,000 people attended last year , yet the Fair only produced 230 pounds of trash .
Recycling bins and compost receptacles are everywhere , and the Fair also purchases offset credits .
In 2007 , the Fair offset attendee travel , providing 282,006 kWh of wind energy credits to organizations and individuals around the country through Renewable Choice Energy .
Four great keynote speakers :
George Siemon , Organic Valley
, Organic Valley Ed Begley , actor / activist
, actor / activist Rahima Baldwin Dancy , author of Special Delivery
, author of Special Delivery Kevin Danaher , founder of Green Festivals
Four extended workshops with limited seating :
Homebrew Wind Turbine Workshop : Build a 10 ′ diameter wind turbine from scratch , starting with lumber , magnets , and copper wire .
Carve some blades , fabricate an alternator , and end up with a finished machine to donate to the Fair ’s silent auction .
: Build a 10 ′ diameter wind turbine from scratch , starting with lumber , magnets , and copper wire .
Carve some blades , fabricate an alternator , and end up with a finished machine to donate to the Fair ’s silent auction .
Strawbale Construction and Plaster Workshop : Learn framing , bale preparation , and setting and pinning of the bales .
Basic construction techniques and stucco plastering to finish the outside will also be taught .
: Learn framing , bale preparation , and setting and pinning of the bales .
Basic construction techniques and stucco plastering to finish the outside will also be taught .
Run Your Diesel on Straight Vegetable Oil :
Learn the basics of a diesel to straight vegetable oil conversion , for the beginner and the professional .
: Learn the basics of a diesel to straight vegetable oil conversion , for the beginner and the professional .
Build Your Own Vermicomposting System : The Worm Man , John Anderson ( seen in New Belgium Brewery ’s ads with his Wormbulance ) shows you how to re-purpose household appliances into a worm compost bin for year - round use .
Two days of entertainment are planned , and plenty of local food vendors will be on hand to feed the green people .
Planet Youth has children ’s activities and workshops planned , ranging from yoga to global warming to making shoe - box solar ovens .
The Natural Parenting Nook , sponsored by Mothering magazine , Motherlove Herbals , and Mom ’s Breastaurant , will have games , kid ’s activities , and presentations about alternatives for natural family living .
There ’s something for everyone in the family at this event .
If you act now , you can also get a ticket to “ Drinks with Really Interesting People ” on Saturday , September 20th at New Belgium Brewing Company .
Have a beer with the keynote speakers and contribute to the Rocky Mountain Sustainable Living Association .
Tickets are $ 75 , and pre-registration is required .
All food and drink is donated by New Belgium .
A biodiesel - powered shuttle service will be provided to five locations in town , thanks to Blue Sun Biodiesel .
See the schedule for more details .
AlterNetRides has a national rideshare program for carpooling to the Fair , whether you come from the next state or the other side of the country .
You do n’t want to miss the Rocky Mountain Sustainable Living Fair .
Be there .
Related posts about Colorado eco-local efforts :
“ I liked the conservative tone and that he talking about being prolife , self - sufficient — let ’s keep the money from countries that do n’t like us , ” said Peggy Lambert , a delegate from Maryville , Tenn ..
“ But man , Sarah Palin !
John is gonna have trouble keeping up with her . ”
One of the livelier moments of the evening came when Mr. McCain was interrupted by several antiwar protestors who had infiltrated the hall .
Their signs were quickly ripped from their hands , and they were carried out of the arena as the crowd shouted , “ U.S.A .! U.S.A. ! ”
Mr. McCain , who by now has become accustomed to these kinds of interruptions , responded with a smile .
“ Please do n’t be diverted by the ground noise and the static , ” Mr. McCain said , before adding “ Americans want us to stop yelling at each other . ”
Image Attendees at the convention included former Secretary of State Henry A. Kissinger .
Credit ... Brendan Smialowski for The New York Times
Mr. McCain faced the challenge on Thursday of pivoting from making an appeal to Republican base voters to reaching out to the larger general election audience watching him .
Accordingly , there were relatively few mentions of divisive social issues as he returned to the way he has historically presented himself : as an iconoclast willing to challenge his own party .
That image was shaken this year as he as appeared to adjust some positions in navigating the primaries .
“ You know , I ’ve been called a maverick , someone who marches to the beat of his own drum , ” he said .
“ Sometimes it ’s meant as a compliment and sometimes it ’s not .
What it really means is I understand who I work for .
I do n’t work for a party .
I do n’t work for a special interest .
I do n’t work for myself .
I work for you . ”
At a convention in which President Bush was barely mentioned , Mr. McCain paid only the most fleeting tribute to him , not even using his name .
“ I ’m grateful to the president for leading us in those dark days following the worst attack on American soil in our history , and keeping us safe from another attack many thought was inevitable , ” he said at the opening of his speech .
Writing plug-ins in Python
Learn to write your first plug - in by extending a command - line tool in Python
What is a plug - in ?
One of the more popular examples of the use of plug-ins to extend an application is the Firefox plug - in community .
There are Firefox plug-ins for Flash players , Web development , managing RSS feeds , and more .
One of the more common uses of plug-ins is to enable third - party developers to extend an application .
This is a very powerful idea , as it allows the original developers to harness the power of the unknown to extend their product in ways they may have not even imagined .
Please see the Resources section for more information on plug-ins .
In a previous article for IBM developerWorks I wrote about the joy of creating command - line tools with Python .
This article takes the command - line tools to the next level by creating plug-ins to extend them .
Both plug-ins and command - line tools offer a convenient way to extend the functionality of existing code .
Used together , they can be a very powerful tool .
To get started writing the plug - in , you are going to use an open source Python package I wrote called pathtool , which uses generators to walk a filesystem and yield a file object .
This library was specifically written to allow developers to extend it by writing their own filters that do something to a file object , and then return the result .
The actual Python module code is a bit larger than you would like to see for an article , so I will only post a snippit of the API that you will actually use :
Listing 1 . pathtool API
def path ( fullpath , pattern= " * " , action = ( lambda rec : print_rec ( rec ) ) ) : " " " This takes a path , a shell pattern , and an action callback
This function uses the slower pathattr function which calculates checksums " " " for rec in pathattr ( fullpath ) : for new_record in match ( pattern , rec ) : #applies filter action ( new_record )
# Applies lambda callback to generator object
Looking at this example , you can tell that the path function takes a mandatory path - positional argument along with a optional pattern keyword argument , and an optional action keyword argument called lambda callback .
The default callback for path just print out the filename as an example .
A developer would just need to easy_install pathtool .
See the resources section for information on using the easy_install command , and then import the module and call the function as follows :
from pathtool import path path ( " /tmp " , pattern= " *.mp3 " , action = ( lambda rec : print_rec ( rec ) ) )
Note : I have included the source code for pathtool with this article for added convenience .
One thing to point out about this example is the use of lambda .
You can read a link to a Python tutorial entry in the resources section about them , but in a nutshell , a lambda is a convenient way to tell a function to " call " another function .
Writing an pluggable command - line tool
Now that we have a general idea of how to use a path - walking library that includes a callback , it is time to jump into actually writing a command - line tool that is extensible using plug-ins .
Look at the finished version first , and then I 'll break it down into smaller pieces :
Listing 2 . Command - line tool with plug-ins
#!/usr/bin/env python # encoding : utf - 8 " " " pathtool - cli.py 0.1 A commandline tool for walking a filesystem .
Takes Action callback plugins in a plugin directory action =( lambda rec : print_rec ( rec ) ) " " " from pathtool import path import optparse import re import os import sys try : plugin_available =
True from plugin import * from plugin import __all__ # note this is the registered plugin list except ImportError : plugin_available = False def path_controller ( ) : descriptionMessage = " " " A command line tool for walking a filesystem . \
Takes callback ' Action ' functions as plugins . \ example : pathtool_cli /tmp print_path_ext " " " p = optparse .
OptionParser( description=descriptionMessage , prog=' pathtool ' , version= ' pathtool 0.1.1 ' , usage= '% prog [ starting directory ] [ action ] ' ) p.add_option ('-- pattern ' , ' - p ' , help = ' Pattern Match Examples : *.txt , *.iso , music [ 0 - 5 ] . mp3 \ plain number defaults to * or match all .
\ Uses UNIX standard wildcard syntax .' , default= '*') p.add_option ('-- list ' , ' - l ' , action = " store_true " , help=' lists available action plugins ' , default =False ) options , arguments = p.parse_args ( ) if options .
list : try : print " Action Plugins Available : " if plugin_available : for p in __all__ : print p finally : sys.exit(0 ) if len( arguments ) == 2 : fullpath = arguments [ 0 ] try : action_plugin = eval ( arguments [ 1 ] ) # note we expect the plugin author to write a method with our naming convention # path ( fullpath , options.pattern,action=( lambda rec : move_to_tmp.plugin( rec ) ) ) path ( fullpath , options.pattern ,action=( lambda rec : action_plugin.plugin( rec ) ) ) except NameError : sys.stderr.write( " Plugin Not Found " ) sys.exit ( 1 ) else : print p.print_help ( ) def main ( ) : path_controller ( ) if __name__ == ' __main__ ' : main ( )
Running this example results in the following output :
# python pathtool_cli.py Usage : pathtool [ starting directory ] [ action ]
A command line tool for walking a filesystem .
Takes callback ' Action ' functions as plugins .
example : pathtool_cli /tmp print_path_ext Options : -- version show program 's version number and exit -h , -- help show this help message and exit -p PATTERN , --pattern=PATTERN Pattern Match Examples : *.txt , *.iso , music [ 0 - 5 ] .mp3 plain number defaults to * or match all .
Uses UNIX standard wildcard syntax .
-l , -- list lists available action plugins
From the output of the command , you can see that the tool expects to take a fullpath , and then an " action . "
The action is a plug - in that a developer creates .
I have added a command - line option list that allows the user of the command - line tool to see what plug-ins are available .
Look at the output of this :
# python pathtool_cli.py -l Action Plugins Available : move_to_tmp print_file_path_ext
Without knowing too much about how the tool works , someone can probably guess what an action does by the name of it .
Because the print_file_path_ext action I have written just prints the file , path , ext , go ahead and run that and see what it looks like :
# python pathtool_cli.py /tmp print_file_path_ext /tmp/foo0.txt | foo0.txt | .txt /tmp/foo1.txt | foo1.txt | .txt /tmp/foo10.txt | foo10.txt | .txt /tmp/foo2.txt | foo2.txt | .txt /tmp/foo3.txt | foo3.txt | .txt /tmp/foo4.txt | foo4.txt | .txt /tmp/foo5.txt | foo5.txt | .txt /tmp/foo6.txt | foo6.txt | .txt /tmp/foo7.txt | foo7.txt | .txt /tmp/foo8.txt | foo8.txt | .txt /tmp/foo9.txt | foo9.txt | .txt
I created ten temp files using touch foo {0 ..10}. txt earlier , and now the command - line tool used a plug - in that it found to print the fullpath , the filename , and the extension , all separated by a " | " character .
Simple plug - in architecture explained
Up until now , I have been expecting you to trust me , without telling you where these " magic " plug - in actions are coming from .
The first thing to look at is the import statement at the top of the module .
Try the following :
plugin_available =
True from plugin import * from plugin import __all__ # note this is the registered plugin list except ImportError : plugin_available = False
This import statement gives away the secret to the surprisingly simple plug - in architecture .
The official Python documentation generally discourages the use of the syntax " from package import * " , but if there is a good reason for it , such as writing plug-ins , then the plug - in author is responsible for creating an entry in the __init__.py file located in the plug - in directory .
It should look like this :
" " " Lists all of the importable plugins " " " __all__ = [ " move_to_tmp " , " print_file_path_ext " ]
By setting this , it allows all of the modules inside of the package , or directory , to be imported as *.
Next I import the actual __all__ list to use as a way of showing the user what plug-ins are available .
Finally , there is one more small bit of magic .
Because the command - line tool does n't know until runtime what plug - in action to use , use eval to convert the action string on the command - line into a callable function .
This is the magic line :
action_plugin = eval ( arguments [ 1 ] )
Generally , the use of eval should be used with extreme caution , but in this case , it is reasonable to tell our tool to use plug - in methods .
A look at a plug-in
Now that you understand how the plug - in architecture is supposed to work , look at an actual plug - in .
Note that in order for this architecture to work , there needs to be a plug - in directory in the current working directory or the Python site - packages directory .
This particular plug - in is called print_file_path_ext.py , and it has a method called plug - in .
This is an expected API that a plug - in developer must conform to :
Listing 3 . Example plug-in
#!/usr /bin/env python # encoding : utf - 8 " " " prints path , name , ext , plugin " " " def plugin ( rec , verbose = True ) : " " " Moves matched files to tmp directory " " " path = rec [ " path " ] filename = rec [ " filename " ] ext = rec [ " ext " ] print " %s | %s | %s " % ( path , filename , ext )
This plug - in is a very simple function , but it takes a rec parameter that is a dictionary that the pathtool module generates .
That dictionary includes the following API :
{ " path " : path , " filename " : file , " ext " : ext , " size " : size , " unique_id " : unique_id , " mtime " : mtime , " ctime " : ctime}
In this example , I use the keys of the dictionary to print the values for that particular file object each time it is called .
A plug - in author could write many other useful actions that could convert files , rename files , archive files , and more .
Summary
This article demonstrated a reasonably simple plug - in architecture that can be a useful way to extend command - line tools in Python .
There are a few things that should be noted , though .
First , there is a more sophisticated plug - in system available with easy_install , which is included in the references .
This plug - in system allows a user to create " entry points " that define plug-ins for a particular tool .
Second , the way our command - line tools is written only allows for one " action " plug - in .
I will leave it as an exercise to the reader to modify the command - line tool such that it could receive a limitless amount of " chainable " callback actions .
One potential gotcha with creating chainable plug-ins is that the design must take into account the nature of the API it is using .
In our case we are building on a foundation of generators that yields .
In order for our tool to continue " chaining " plug -ins together , they must do their work , yet still yield the dictionary record back .
I hope this article inspired you to write your own plug-ins for command - line tools , as well .
Downloadable resources
Related topics
Palestinian imprisons mentally ill children for 20 years
( Video ) Siblings found in unlit dungeon during raid ; man says he did n't want people to laugh at him
Rawstory — Kucinich , Barr , Bugliosi among those testifying
The House Judiciary Committee has released a witness list for its hearing to examine “ the imperial presidency ” of George W. Bush .
Testifying Friday morning will be Rep. Dennis Kucinich , who has introduced several resolutions calling for President Bush ’s and Vice President Dick Cheney ’s impeachment ; former Rep. Bob Barr , the Libertarian presidential candidate who led the charge to impeach Bill Clinton in 1998 ; Vincent Bugliosi , author of the just - released book The Prosecution of George W. Bush for Murder ; and 10 other current and former members of Congress , constitutional experts and human rights activists .
The hearing , which was announced last week , seems to be the one Judiciary Chairman John Conyers promised to Kucinich after he introduced his second impeachment resolution aimed at Bush earlier this month .
Any action on Kucinich ’s articles of impeachment still seems unlikely , but the Ohio Democrat has previously said he just wants to be able to present his case .
Late Thursday afternoon , the committee released the full witness list , broken down into two panels .
Panel One
The Honorable Dennis Kucinich , Representative from Ohio
The Honorable Maurice Hinchey , Representative from New York
The Honorable Walter Jones , Representative from North Carolina
The Honorable Brad Miller , Representative from North Carolina
Panel Two
The Honorable Elizabeth Holtzman , Former Representative from New York
The Honorable Bob Barr , Former Representative from Georgia , 2008 Libertarian Nominee for President
The Honorable Ross C. “ Rocky ”  Anderson , Founder and President , High Roads for Human Rights
Stephen Presser , Raoul Berger Professor of Legal History , Northwestern University School of Law
Bruce Fein< , Associate Deputy Attorney General , 1981 - 82 , Chairman , American Freedom Agenda Vincent Bugliosi , Author and former Los Angeles County Prosecutor Jeremy A. Rabkin , Professor of Law , George Mason University School of Law Elliott Adams , President of the Board , Veterans for Peace Frederick A. O. Schwarz , Jr. , Senior Counsel , Brennan Center for Justice at NYU School of Law Conyers ( D - MI ) previously laid out six areas the hearing would explore : ( 1 ) improper politicization of the Justice Department and the U.S. Attorneys offices , including potential misuse of authority with regard to election and voting controversies ; ( 2 ) misuse of executive branch authority and the adoption and implementation of the so - called unitary executive theory , including in the areas of presidential signing statements and regulatory authority ; ( 3 ) misuse of investigatory and detention authority with regard to U.S. citizens and foreign nationals , including questions regarding the legality of the administration 's surveillance , detention , interrogation , and rendition programs ; ( 4 ) manipulation of intelligence and misuse of war powers , including possible misrepresentations to Congress related thereto ; ( 5 ) improper retaliation against administration critics , including disclosing information concerning CIA operative Valerie Plame , and obstruction of justice related thereto ; and ( 6 ) misuse of authority in denying Congress and the American people the ability to oversee and scrutinize conduct within the administration , including through the use of various asserted privileges and immunities .
The hearing is scheduled for 10 a.m. Friday on Capitol Hill .
Original Article
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A row between BBC bosses prompted a complete change to the opening titles of classic comedy Dad's Army , archive letters have revealed .
BBC
One 's controller at the time , Paul Fox , ordered shots of refugees and Nazi troops to be removed from the sequence as he found them offensive .
They were replaced with the now famous swastika - headed arrow sequence .
The BBC 's archives are marking the much - loved series ' 40th anniversary by releasing documents and pictures .
Michael Mills , the corporation 's head of comedy at the time , expressed his " profound disquiet " and " shock " at changes to the title sequence .
The series about the World War II Home Guard ran from 1968 to 1977 A memo in the archive revealed that Mr Mills thought it " right and essential " that viewers were shown the Nazi threat faced by the Home Guard .
" I cannot help wondering whether we , in the comedy department , are controlled by different standards , i.e. clowns must stay clowns , " he added .
They reveal that Fox initially " felt uneasy " about the series but admitted he had been wrong when it became a hit .
In a letter to Dad 's Army 's producer David Croft in 1970 he said : " You made an enormous success of it and like millions of others I am only sorry it has come to an end .
Temporarily , I hope .
" Looking back to that first programme , I am glad to say you were right 100 % .
Breakthrough territory ?
" Thanks to your persistence - and despite that title change - the show became a great hit . "
Croft 's plan had been to illustrate the dangers faced by the elderly volunteers of World War II 's Home Guard , the central characters in the show .
However , at the time Fox was uneasy about whether the series was " advancing comedy 's output in other areas " and asked : " Is this really breakthrough territory ? "
The much - loved show ran from 1968 to 1977 and its popularity has endured to this day .
Clive Dunn , Arthur Lowe and Ian Lavender starred in the series , co-created by Croft and Jimmy Perry .
As well as the internal BBC memos , the online archive also features a behind - the - scenes photo gallery and letters from the actors .
Jonathan Ross will be hosting a one - off special to commemorate the 40th anniversary on BBC One on Sunday , 3 August at 1900 BST ( 1800 GMT ) .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Mike W. does n't know what this means , but is pretty sure that it is n't good .
Not pictured : the File Not Found button .
( submitted by Ace )
Matt Fox chose the basic version to avoid the Maximize Taxes " feature . "
Chris bought one .
Keith Garner , I hope you 're OK with the WTF community knowing your password .
Vitor was using CorelDRAW when suddenly
For those who thought outsized pay for investment bankers and traders was a thing of the past , think again .
Ditto with the idea that having been a key actor in a financial failure dims one ’s employment prospects .
The poster child is John Meriwether , the head of hedge fund Long Term Capital Management , whose collapse in 1998 nearly caused a systemic crisis , leading the Fed to broker a rescue .
Meriwether went on to launch another large hedge fund .
From the UK’s Times :
Staff at Lehman ’s New York office who helped to cause the world ’s biggest corporate bankruptcy are to share in a $ 2.5 billion bonanza .
The bonus , which has been described by London staff as a “ scandal ” has been pledged by Barclays Capital , the British - based bank that last week acquired Lehman ’s American operation and took on 10,000 staff .
The $ 2.5 billion ( £ 1.4 billion ) pot , which has been ring - fenced as part of the acquisition , has caused huge resentment among the 5,000 staff in the firm ’s European and Middle Eastern operations who are not guaranteed to be paid after this month …
A Chapter 11 bankruptcy document filed by Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc says that Barclays has identified eight individuals out of the New York staff of 10,000 who are vital to make the deal succeed and a further 200 who are identified as “ key ” .
It is thought that these eight directors will be locked into two - year contracts worth between $ 10 m and $ 25 m a year .
The $ 2.5 billion had been accrued as part of the contribution to Lehman ’s group profits for the first nine months of the year .
Barclays said there is no obligation to pay it out but analysts say the competitive pressure to keep key staff means he will have to ….
Price Waterhouse Coopers ( PWC ) , the administrator to Lehman ’s European operation has demanded that the firm repay £ 4.4 billion that was transferred from the UK to Lehman ’s US holding company just hours before the firm collapsed .
This left London with no money to pay staff .
If PWC is successful , the European operation would be Lehman ’s third - biggest creditor after Citigroup and Bank of New York .
It is thought that PWC will want to look closely at how $ 2.5 billion had been ring - fenced as part of the deal with Barclays .
It will want to know who negotiated the sale and the precise details surrounding who benefited ….
The administrator is looking closely at how this cash was transferred .
It was an unusally high transfer that raised eyebrows in the London office .
Yesterday Gordon Brown , the prime minister stepped into support PWC ’s claim demanding the American division return the £ 4.4 billion … .
The way that Lehman has set aside cash to reward staff has angered politicans .
John McFall , chairman of the Treasury select committee , said : “ This is socialism for the fat cats .
Everyone in financial services recognised that the remuneration system is the cancer on the financial body politic here .
Until that is tackled we ca n’t move on . ”
Vince Cable , Liberal Democrat shadow chancellor , said : “ This is outrageous and deeply cynical .
Part of the problem with Lehman and the other weak investment banks was that they were driven by the bonus culture , which rewarded big deals rather than good deals .
It was what destabilised the institutions in the first place .
They are being rewarded for having adopted business behaviour that has wrecked their bank . ”
— Independent presidential Ralph Nader led a rally in Raleigh on Saturday night as part of his " Shift the Power " campaign .
Supporters gathered signatures for a petition to get Nader status as a write - in candidate on North Carolina 's ballot in the fall .
The rally took place in Pittman Auditorium at St. Mary 's School , 900 Hillsborough St. , from 7:30 p.m. to 10 p.m .
State law requires 500 signatures be submitted so that write - in votes for a person will be counted and nearly 70,000 signatures for a person to appear on the ballot as a candidate .
" The status quo parties have made North Carolina one of the most difficult states in the country for an independent presidential candidate to gain ballot status , " said a press release from the Nader campaign .
The Nader campaign says he will appear on the ballot in 45 states .
The Nader campaign said Republican candidate John McCain and Democratic candidate Barak Obama both represent " business as usual , " when it comes to the Iraq war , Iran and Israel , and economic issues .
Nader says he supports a live wage ; unionization ; universal , public health insurance ; a non-nuclear , renewable energy program ; an end to the war in Iraq ; and a two - state solution to the Israeli - Palestinian conflict .
Nader ran as a third - party candidate in the 2000 and 2004 presidential elections .
He is still loathed by many Democrats who call him a spoiler and claim his candidacy in 2000 cost the party the election by siphoning votes away from Al Gore in a razor - thin contest in Florida .
Why Should You Be Careful Of Payday Loans ?
When you are having trouble getting the money for that unexpected emergency medical bill , do not hesitate to seek out a co-pay help from a relative or friend .
However , if you cannot afford the co-pay of the friend , you can always apply for a second mortgage for the money to pay for the bill .
If you are able to pay back the two - month credit card bill in full each month , there is no need for payday loans .
However , when you have an unexpected medical emergency that requires you to be hospitalized and unable to work , the last thing you want is to rack up more charges on your credit card , then find yourself in even more serious debt .
A credit card should not be used for a bill that needs immediate attention .
A large bill can easily spiral into even bigger debt when you do not pay off the interest by the due date .
It is a good idea to pay off any credit card balances as soon as you are able before you find yourself falling deeper into financial trouble .
If you are facing medical emergencies that require you to have surgery or hospitalization , it is better to consider a payday loans instead .
The only problem is that the cost of this service is very high .
A two - month credit card bill can easily balloon into a few months worth of bills when it has to be paid in full .
Paying a few hundred dollars a month on interest can easily add up to thousands of dollars in debt if you do not take out a payday advance loan .
The good news is that you do not have to pay out of pocket for your payday loans .
Many financial institutions offer these services , and many will allow you to get approved within minutes .
There are some companies who will allow you to apply online so you will not have to worry about standing in lines at the bank or wasting time with a fax machine or going through a collection agency .
There are many types of payday loans .
If you are facing an emergency , you may want to take out a cash advance that you will need to pay for the bill at hand and will be sent to a bank account that you have already established for the use of your emergency .
Or you may also qualify for a loan that allows you to pay off any other existing debts you have .
The type of loan you qualify for will depend on what type of emergency it is .
Do not be afraid to speak with a representative from the lender , they should explain all of the terms and conditions to you before you sign on that dotted line .
It is always best to research how much you qualify for before you agree to take the loan .
Make sure that you understand the interest rate and fees before you accept the offer .
If the emergency is due to medical expenses , there are also payday advances available that will help you pay for medical bills for the same emergency .
If you have no choice but to file bankruptcy , many of the companies that offer payday advances have options for a loan that can help you pay for it .
You do not need to be a homeowner to qualify for payday loan lenders .
Anyone with a checking account and a decent credit score can apply for a payday loan .
Getting out of payday loans may take more than simply calling and waiting for approval .
While it may seem simple enough , there are many things that must be done in order to get approval .
Take the time to do your research and make sure you understand the process before you submit an application .
Loans are a great way to get out of payday loans if you are struggling financially .
They can be a great resource to get you out of debt , but you must be aware of all the terms and conditions before you start using them .
to avoid making bad decisions .
All legislative powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States , which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives .
The House of Representatives shall be composed of members chosen every second year by the people of the several states , and the electors in each state shall have the qualifications requisite for electors of the most numerous branch of the state legislature .
No person shall be a Representative who shall not have attained to the age of twenty five years , and been seven years a citizen of the United States , and who shall not , when elected , be an inhabitant of that state in which he shall be chosen .
Representatives and direct taxes shall be apportioned among the several states which may be included within this union , according to their respective numbers , which shall be determined by adding to the whole number of free persons , including those bound to service for a term of years , and excluding Indians not taxed , three fifths of all other Persons .
The actual Enumeration shall be made within three years after the first meeting of the Congress of the United States , and within every subsequent term of ten years , in such manner as they shall by law direct .
The number of Representatives shall not exceed one for every thirty thousand , but each state shall have at least one Representative ; and until such enumeration shall be made , the state of New Hampshire shall be entitled to chuse three , Massachusetts eight , Rhode Island and Providence Plantations one , Connecticut five , New York six , New Jersey four , Pennsylvania eight , Delaware one , Maryland six , Virginia ten , North Carolina five , South Carolina five , and Georgia three .
When vacancies happen in the Representation from any state , the executive authority thereof shall issue writs of election to fill such vacancies .
The House of Representatives shall choose their speaker and other officers ; and shall have the sole power of impeachment .
The Senate of the United States shall be composed of two Senators from each state , chosen by the legislature thereof , for six years ; and each Senator shall have one vote .
Immediately after they shall be assembled in consequence of the first election , they shall be divided as equally as may be into three classes .
The seats of the Senators of the first class shall be vacated at the expiration of the second year , of the second class at the expiration of the fourth year , and the third class at the expiration of the sixth year , so that one third may be chosen every second year ; and if vacancies happen by resignation , or otherwise , during the recess of the legislature of any state , the executive thereof may make temporary appointments until the next meeting of the legislature , which shall then fill such vacancies .
No person shall be a Senator who shall not have attained to the age of thirty years , and been nine years a citizen of the United States and who shall not , when elected , be an inhabitant of that state for which he shall be chosen .
The Vice President of the United States shall be President of the Senate , but shall have no vote , unless they be equally divided .
The Senate shall choose their other officers , and also a President pro tempore , in the absence of the Vice President , or when he shall exercise the office of President of the United States .
The Senate shall have the sole power to try all impeachments .
When sitting for that purpose , they shall be on oath or affirmation .
When the President of the United States is tried , the Chief Justice shall preside :
And no person shall be convicted without the concurrence of two thirds of the members present .
Judgment in cases of impeachment shall not extend further than to removal from office , and disqualification to hold and enjoy any office of honor , trust or profit under the United States : but the party convicted shall nevertheless be liable and subject to indictment , trial , judgment and punishment , according to law .
The times , places and manner of holding elections for Senators and Representatives , shall be prescribed in each state by the legislature thereof ; but the Congress may at any time by law make or alter such regulations , except as to the places of choosing Senators .
The Congress shall assemble at least once in every year , and such meeting shall be on the first Monday in December , unless they shall by law appoint a different day .
Each
House shall be the judge of the elections , returns and qualifications of its own members , and a majority of each shall constitute a quorum to do business ; but a smaller number may adjourn from day to day , and may be authorized to compel the attendance of absent members , in such manner , and under such penalties as each House may provide .
Each House may determine the rules of its proceedings , punish its members for disorderly behavior , and , with the concurrence of two thirds , expel a member .
Each
House shall keep a journal of its proceedings , and from time to time publish the same , excepting such parts as may in their judgment require secrecy ; and the yeas and nays of the members of either House on any question shall , at the desire of one fifth of those present , be entered on the journal .
Neither House , during the session of Congress , shall , without the consent of the other , adjourn for more than three days , nor to any other place than that in which the two Houses shall be sitting .
The Senators and Representatives shall receive a compensation for their services , to be ascertained by law , and paid out of the treasury of the United States .
They shall in all cases , except treason , felony and breach of the peace , be privileged from arrest during their attendance at the session of their respective Houses , and in going to and returning from the same ; and for any speech or debate in either House , they shall not be questioned in any other place .
No Senator or Representative shall , during the time for which he was elected , be appointed to any civil office under the authority of the United States , which shall have been created , or the emoluments whereof shall have been increased during such time : and no person holding any office under the United States , shall be a member of either House during his continuance in office .
All bills for raising revenue shall originate in the House of Representatives ; but the Senate may propose or concur with amendments as on other Bills .
Every bill which shall have passed the House of Representatives and the Senate , shall , before it become a law , be presented to the President of the United States ; if he approve he shall sign it , but if not he shall return it , with his objections to that House in which it shall have originated , who shall enter the objections at large on their journal , and proceed to reconsider it .
If after such reconsideration two thirds of that House shall agree to pass the bill , it shall be sent , together with the objections , to the other House , by which it shall likewise be reconsidered , and if approved by two thirds of that House , it shall become a law .
But in all such cases the votes of both Houses shall be determined by yeas and nays , and the names of the persons voting for and against the bill shall be entered on the journal of each House respectively .
If any bill shall not be returned by the President within ten days ( Sundays excepted ) after it shall have been presented to him , the same shall be a law , in like manner as if he had signed it , unless the Congress by their adjournment prevent its return , in which case it shall not be a law .
Every order , resolution , or vote to which the concurrence of the Senate and House of Representatives may be necessary ( except on a question of adjournment ) shall be presented to the President of the United States ; and before the same shall take effect , shall be approved by him , or being disapproved by him , shall be repassed by two thirds of the Senate and House of Representatives , according to the rules and limitations prescribed in the case of a bill .
The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes , duties , imposts and excises , to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States ; but all duties , imposts and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States ;
To borrow money on the credit of the United States ;
To regulate commerce with foreign nations , and among the several states , and with the Indian tribes ;
To establish a uniform rule of naturalization , and uniform laws on the subject of bankruptcies throughout the United States ;
To coin money , regulate the value thereof , and of foreign coin , and fix the standard of weights and measures ;
To provide for the punishment of counterfeiting the securities and current coin of the United States ;
To establish post offices and post roads ;
To promote the progress of science and useful arts , by securing for limited times to authors and inventors the exclusive right to their respective writings and discoveries ;
To constitute tribunals inferior to the Supreme Court ;
To define and punish piracies and felonies committed on the high seas , and offenses against the law of nations ;
To declare war , grant letters of marque and reprisal , and make rules concerning captures on land and water ;
To raise and support armies , but no appropriation of money to that use shall be for a longer term than two years ;
To provide and maintain a navy ;
To make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces ;
To provide for calling forth the militia to execute the laws of the union , suppress insurrections and repel invasions ;
To provide for organizing , arming , and disciplining , the militia , and for governing such part of them as may be employed in the service of the United States , reserving to the states respectively , the appointment of the officers , and the authority of training the militia according to the discipline prescribed by Congress ;
To exercise exclusive legislation in all cases whatsoever , over such District ( not exceeding ten miles square ) as may , by cession of particular states , and the acceptance of Congress , become the seat of the government of the United States , and to exercise like authority over all places purchased by the consent of the legislature of the state in which the same shall be , for the erection of forts , magazines , arsenals , dockyards , and other needful buildings ;-- And
To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers , and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States , or in any department or officer thereof .
The migration or importation of such persons as any of the states now existing shall think proper to admit , shall not be prohibited by the Congress prior to the year one thousand eight hundred and eight , but a tax or duty may be imposed on such importation , not exceeding ten dollars for each person .
The privilege of the writ of habeas corpus shall not be suspended , unless when in cases of rebellion or invasion the public safety may require it .
No bill of attainder or ex post facto Law shall be passed .
No capitation , or other direct , tax shall be laid , unless in proportion to the census or enumeration herein before directed to be taken .
No tax or duty shall be laid on articles exported from any state .
No preference shall be given by any regulation of commerce or revenue to the ports of one state over those of another : nor shall vessels bound to , or from , one state , be obliged to enter , clear or pay duties in another .
No money shall be drawn from the treasury , but in consequence of appropriations made by law ; and a regular statement and account of receipts and expenditures of all public money shall be published from time to time .
No title of nobility shall be granted by the United States : and no person holding any office of profit or trust under them , shall , without the consent of the Congress , accept of any present , emolument , office , or title , of any kind whatever , from any king , prince , or foreign state .
No state shall enter into any treaty , alliance , or confederation ; grant letters of marque and reprisal ; coin money ; emit bills of credit ; make anything but gold and silver coin a tender in payment of debts ; pass any bill of attainder , ex post facto law , or law impairing the obligation of contracts , or grant any title of nobility .
No state shall , without the consent of the Congress , lay any imposts or duties on imports or exports , except what may be absolutely necessary for executing it 's inspection laws : and the net produce of all duties and imposts , laid by any state on imports or exports , shall be for the use of the treasury of the United States ; and all such laws shall be subject to the revision and control of the Congress .
No state shall , without the consent of Congress , lay any duty of tonnage , keep troops , or ships of war in time of peace , enter into any agreement or compact with another state , or with a foreign power , or engage in war , unless actually invaded , or in such imminent danger as will not admit of delay .
The tourists said the scene turned even more bizarre .
One or two men dressed in green uniforms took out machetes and began hacking away at one or two other men dressed in the same type of uniforms on the ground .
“ A lot of confusion came when two gentlemen , it looked like they were military officers  they were wearing military uniforms , too  and it looked like they were hitting other military people on the ground with machetes , ” the friend said .
“ That instantly confused us , ” he said .
“ All three of us were wondering : ‘ Why are they hitting other military people ? ’ ”
The photographer grabbed a camera for the first time and crouched down by the window .
His first photograph has a digital time stamp of 8:04 a.m. , and his last is at 8:07 a.m .
The first frames are blurry , and the action is mostly obscured by a tree .
But it is clear that there are several police officers surrounding one or more figures by the sidewalk .
The photographer said that there had been two men in green uniforms on their knees facing his hotel and their hands seemed to be bound behind their backs .
Another uniformed man began hitting one of them with a machete , he said .
“ The guy who was receiving the hack was covered in blood , ” he said .
“ A lot of the policemen were covered in blood .
Some were walking around on the street pretty aimlessly .
Some were sitting on the curb , in shock I guess .
Some were running around holding their necks . ”
The friend recalled a slightly different version of the event .
He said he had seen two uniformed men with machetes hacking away at two men lying on their backs .
“ I do kind of remember one of them moving , ” he said .
“ He was definitely injured but still kind of trying to squirm around . ”
EACH summer families drive from South Dakota 's plains into the Black Hills , thick with ponderosa pines .
The road winds upward , past the Putz 'n Glo mini - golf , through the town of Keystone , once home to miners and now to olde stores .
Then around a bend they appear : George Washington , Thomas Jefferson , Theodore Roosevelt and Abraham Lincoln , each face some 60 feet ( 18 metres ) high .
Inspiring , absurd , magnificent — however you describe Mount Rushmore , in its scale , ambition and subject it is uniquely American .
But like many stories of the American West , this one has several sides .
For many American Indians , it is a symbol of all the country has done to betray them .
Now Gerard Baker is trying to give visitors from both sides a broader view .
A towering man , with grey braids falling from either side of his ranger hat , Mr Baker is the first American Indian to be superintendent of Mount Rushmore .
The monument 's history is a jumble of legend and fact .
In 1923 a South Dakotan proposed a giant carving as a way to lure the new breed of car - borne tourists .
Despite early criticism — one writer called the project “ as incongruous and ridiculous as keeping a cow in the rotunda of the capitol building ” — in 1927 Calvin Coolidge dedicated the carving , the New Englander wearing a ten - gallon hat to help him blend in .
Mount Rushmore 's sculptor , Gutzon Borglum , was equal parts idealist and egomaniac .
But Mount Rushmore , finished in 1941 , is an icon .
In a busy year it can lure almost 3 m people .
Beside these stories are darker ones .
Borglum was linked to the Ku Klux Klan .
And the history of the Black Hills sparks even more anger .
A treaty in 1868 made the hills , which contain sites sacred to many Indian tribes , part of the Great Sioux Reservation .
Whites simply ignored the treaty and poured in after General George Custer sent reports of the presence of gold by the panful in 1874 .
A century later , in 1980 , the Supreme Court confirmed a $ 105 m settlement for eight tribes , but the money remains largely untouched and efforts to reclaim the land continue .
“ The seizure of the hills was unconstitutional , ” says Herbert Hoover , a professor emeritus at the University of South Dakota .
“ I just do n't see any solution . ”
Towering above this debate is Mount Rushmore .
In 1948 a Lakota chief commissioned a vast carving of Crazy Horse , a famous Indian warrior .
The project is still in progress some 15 miles away .
But Mount Rushmore remains divisive .
A tribute to America's “ manifest destiny ” to expand to the west is carved into land that Charmaine White Face , of Defenders of the Black Hills , calls “ illegally occupied ” .
This complex history is what lured Mr Baker .
His goal , he says , is to nurture understanding and , one day , healing .
Since coming to Mount Rushmore in 2004 , he has stressed the importance of paying due attention to Borglum and the presidents .
But he has also visited reservations to learn which tales tribes want to hear .
Rushmore now has three teepees where Indians describe local traditions .
The audio guide is offered in the Lakota language .
On any summer day thousands of visitors stroll through Rushmore , many licking ice - cream cones wrapped in paper American flags .
Mr Baker hopes that when they leave , they will have learned a bit more “ about Mount Rushmore , about the Black Hills , about what we call America ” .
The Who , How , and Why of DGMQ
Learn about DGMQ ’s important work of keeping people healthy when they ’re on the move .
Friday , August 29 , 2008 / Comments ( 2 ) / by kumander /
One of the reasons why I like Firefox is these simple shortcuts :
Middle Click
on link will open a link in a new tab
Ctrl T
will open a new emptytab
Ctrl W
will close the current tab
Ctrl shift
T will reopen closed tab
Ctrl Page Down
and
Ctrl Page Up
will scroll through the tabs
Ctrl Number
will bring you automatically to a certain tab .
The first tab being the number
1
tab ofcourse , pressing
Ctrl 3
for example will bring you to the 3rd open tab
Ctrl R reload the page
Ctrl + will zoom in the Web pages in the window
Ctrl - will zoom out the Web pages in the window
Ctrl L will move the cursor to the address bar
Ctrl K will move the cursor to the search box
Space Bar will scroll down the page
Shift Space
Bar will scroll up the page
Ctrl D will bookmark the current tab
Ctrl Shift D will bookmark all the tabs in the window
Also in Firefox3 you can bookmark the page if you click on the star icon in the address bar , and clicking on the site favicon / icon in the address bar will give you an overview of the site identity .
This is just one of many reason why I like Firefox much , it makes my web browsing much easy .
How to Link to This Page reload the pagewill zoom in the Web pages in the windowwill zoom out the Web pages in the windowwill move the cursor to the address barwill move the cursor to the search boxwill scroll down the pageBar will scroll up the pagewill bookmark the current tabwill bookmark all the tabs in the windowAlso in Firefox3 you can bookmark the page if you , andwill give you an overview of the site identity .
This is just one of many reason why I like Firefox much , it makes my web browsing much easy .
To link to this page from your website , simply cut and paste the following code to your web page .
Firefox Simple Shortcuts
It will appear on your page as : Firefox Simple Shortcuts
You 've read the post .
What 's next ?
If you like this post then please consider subscribing to our RSS feed .
You can also subscribe by email to receive free updates directly in your inbox .
Submit Article :-)
Elvis and the Opposite
A 14 - year old video blogger named Fred somehow managed to get a fan base of almost 45 Million users .
Now instead of asking how that ’s possible , Seth Godin and Robert Scoble trivialize his success .
Did they forget what Elvis said ?
Just to be clear : Fred is no Elvis .
Fred is the most annoying little nag I have ever seen .
I had to force myself through one of his painful videos this morning , and I can still feel the agony .
Yet I am fascinated by the mathematical possibility of his success .
45 Million users !
In our business basically this means you ’ve made it into Nirvana .
45 Million spectators is more than any blogger could possibly dream of .
Fred beats the New York Times .
Scoble ’s in a Huff
Robert Scoble is always the first to run after any new web hype ; but not this time ; instead of trying to understand what makes that kid so successful he tries to play it down :
This is what happens when you try to simply be entertaining .
If traffic is your goal , here ’s the formula .
Do something really stupid that ’ll make people laugh .
Dear Robert , how can you possibly claim that the 45 Million kid is “ just ” acting stupid ?
Pretty much 99.9 % of all YouTube - users are “ just ” acting stupid but they do n’t get any attention whatsoever .
Me ?
I ’ll stick with having a few thousand people passionate about learning more from innovative technologists and other leaders .
Why not get into the traffic race ?
Because I ’d rather be in the race for a smart , focused audience .
That ’s where the real action is .
And , dear Scoble , no disrespect , but tech bloggers talk a lot of shit as well , and a big part of our dear tech blog readers belong to the most obnoxious smart ass audience there is .
Really , we have no reason to be to strike a pose .
The question is not whether you ’re more important , smarter or cooler than Fred .
The question is : How does Fred do it ?
Why does a teenage boy acting like a hysterical girl get this much attention ?
45 Million , Robert .
Forty - five surreal Million .
Seth Godin’s Take
Seth Godin who is never short of good insight into the secrets of someone ’s success does n’t explain it either .
Actually , Seth teams up with Robert :
Since you realize that ‘ how many ’ is not nearly as valuable as ‘ who ’ , why not put that into practice ?
Just because something is easy to measure does n’t mean it ’s important .
If mere exposure were really that irrelevant , then what about Fox News and the Millions of morons watching it ?
The media business is all about exposure , and whoever gets 50 Million fans just ca n’t be wrong or random .
But I give you that :
If you ca n’t monetize a targeted audience of 50 Million , then you are stupid .
Fred has a very attractive targeted audience : teenagers ( they buy lots of expensive goods ) .
For Fred it ’s just a matter of monetizing ( he already has a contract with ZipIt ! ) .
If Fred does the right thing , he can become rich over night .
The Trick
So , seriously , why is this kid so successful ?
I do n’t know either .
But here is what I think :
He is doing the contrary of what teenage boys usually aim at .
He ’s ridiculously girlish , straight out dumb , clueless , embarrassing himself to the point where it becomes an actual torture to watch him .
And that ’s the point .
He is not just stupid , he is consciously embarrassing himself to a point where he appears ruthless .
“ The Opposite ” is a strategy that annihilates fear by walking right into it .
Fred lives and reenacts the worst fear of a teenager and helps them laughing their own fears off .
Grown ups cannot relate to Fred — as we have hopefully lost those fears after we left high school — , but kids are said to be rolling on the floor with laughter when watching Fred .
If you have a better explanation , especially if you belong to Fred ’s fan base , I ca n’t wait to hear it .
UPDATE : I thought ZipIt was the compression software ZipIt , but it turns out it ’s not .
Nevertheless , Fred was a phenomenon before they started the campaign :
As it turns out , Fred — whose real name is Lucas Cruikshank — has been making amateur videos for some time , many of them with his two cousins .
Cruikshank was scouted by an L.A. - based ad firm looking for the next tween thing to anchor the launch of the Zipit product .
“ Fred ’s huge online following among teens and tweens , and their passion for the character , was just the magic bullet we were looking for in creating a new campaign for Zipit , ” said David Abehsera , the President of WOO Agency , in a statement .
Which proves that his success is not random or just calculated corporate YouTube manipulation .
Teens and tweens do really think he ’s awesome .
More details on LATimes.com
NASA 's first 50 years have seen both triumph and tragedy as the U.S. space agency sent unmanned probes to other planets and the fringe of our solar system , landed the first astronauts on the moon , built the world 's first reusable manned spaceship and worked alongside other countries to construct the International Space Station .
The agency first opened its doors on Oct. 1 , 1958 and is currently working to complete the International Space Station by 2010 , retire its aging three - space shuttle fleet and develop the new Orion and Ares rockets that represent designed to ferry new human explorers to the moon by 2020 .
" In my personal opinion , I 'd like our mission in 50 years to be focused on exploration of other planets , " said Steve Lindsey , NASA 's current chief astronaut .
" Hopefully we 'll get to Mars before that 50 years is up . "
As NASA looks ahead to the next 50 years , here 's a glimpse back - by no means comprehensive - of 10 of the agency 's most memorable milestones and missions :
# 10 . First Steps : Explorer 1
There have been many since , but the launch of Explorer 1 on Jan. 31 in 1958 marked the United States ' first foray into off - planet research .
The small satellite lifted off atop a Juno 1 rocket and operated in orbit for 100 days to study cosmic rays in a region that was later known as the Van Allen radiation belt .
It took 12 years , however , for the spacecraft to ultimately reenter the Earth 's atmosphere and be destroyed .
# 9 . First American in Space : Freedom 7
Beat by the Soviet Union but not out of the Space Race , NASA bounced back on May 5 , 1961 when Mercury astronaut Alan Shepard launched into space atop a Redstone rocket to become the first American spaceflyer .
But unlike the Soviet Union 's orbital success of cosmonaut Yuri Gagarin , Shepard 's flight lasted just 15 minutes in a suborbital hop .
# 8 . Voyagers ?
Grand Tour
Technically two missions in one , NASA 's " Grand Tour " of the outer solar system launched the Voyager 1 and 2 probes in 1977 on a 12 - year flight to the gas giants Jupiter , Saturn , Uranus , Neptune and their moons .
The spacecraft returned stunning images and data of the outer planets and carried golden records bearing the images , greetings and sounds of Earth to the stars in case alien life forms should find them .
# 7 . Lunar Highs and Lows : Apollo 8 , Apollo 13
NASA 's Apollo 8 and Apollo 13 missions to the moon range from success to failure and then success again .
On Dec. 21 , 1968 Apollo 8 launched on a stunning first manned trip around the moon , with its three - man crew beaming home the first visions of Earth 's satellite as seen by living , breathing astronauts .
Apollo 8 pilot Jim Lovell also commanded the unlucky Apollo 13 in April 1970 , where an explosion forced the crew to abandon the third lunar landing mission and use their Aquarius lander as a lifeboat .
The exhaustive effort by NASA engineers , during which then - flight director Gene Kranz was said to coin the phrase " Failure is not an option , " ended in the safe return for Lovell 's crew .
# 6 . Everlasting Mars Rovers : Spirit and Opportunity
They landed on Mars in January 2004 , but the hardy rovers Spirit and Opportunity have far outlived their initial 90 - day mission in what are arguably NASA 's most successful Martian invasions to date .
Building on the success of the first Mars landings ( Viking 1 and 2 ) and the first rover ( little Sojourner ) , Spirit and Opportunity have found evidence of surface water in the planet 's ancient past , studied their own landing remains and explored meteorites , craters and other Martian tourist spots .
# 5. Jan. 28 , 1986 : Challenger Accident
The rise of NASA 's reusable winged space shuttle in 1981 launched a new era in which human space appeared routine .
But the stunning explosion and loss of the shuttle Challenger and its seven - astronaut crew -- including New Hampshire high school teacher Christa McAuliffe -- just after liftoff on Jan. 28 .
1986 proved a wakeup call for a complacent America .
Not since the Apollo 1 fire of 1967 , which killed three astronauts in a ground test , had NASA lost a spacecraft crew , though Challenger marked the agency 's first in - flight space tragedy .
The agency resumed shuttle flights in 1988 .
# 4 . Great Observatory : The Hubble Space Telescope
Launched in April 1990 with a defective mirror , the Hubble Space Telescope was initially billed as a colossal failure and expensive embarrassment .
But an in - space service call by astronauts revived the telescope which has since become , 18 years and three more service flights later , an icon of space research and exploration as it peers back into the history of the universe .
A fifth and final overhaul by astronauts is slated for October 2008 .
# 3 . The Columbia Tragedy : Feb. 1 , 2003
On the Saturday morning of Feb. 1 , 2003 , NASA 's second shuttle disaster struck .
The shuttle Columbia and seven astronauts were lost during landing due to heat shield damage sustained to the orbiter 's left wing edge during launch .
The accident sparked an intense investigation , after which NASA developed in - flight shuttle repair tools and methods , and was directed to retire its three remaining orbiters by 2010 .
The agency resumed shuttle flights in July 2005 .
# 2. City in Space : The International Space Station
A decade in the making and still incomplete , the $ 100 billion International Space Station is an unrivaled feat of engineering in space .
The product of a partnership between NASA , Russia , Canada , Japan and European nations , the orbiting research station first took flight in 1998 , with subsequent pieces added on during via Russian launches and U.S. shuttle flights .
The three - person station is expected to double in crew size before its completion in 2010 .
And perhaps the most enduring legacy of NASA 's 50 years of spaceflight :
# 1. Apollo 11 : First Moon Men
It 's been nearly 40 years , but the first human landing on another world -- the moon -- remains among NASA 's pinnacle achievements in its five - decade span .
On July 20 , 1969 , after the Apollo 1 tragedy and series of successful tests in Earth and lunar orbit , Apollo 11 astronauts Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin guided their Eagle lander to Tranquility Base on the surface of the moon while crewmate Michael Collins circled above inside the command module Columbia .
The landing marked success for the U.S. over the then - Soviet Union what has since been billed as the Space Race .
NASA plans to return astronauts to the moon by 2020 using its Orion crew capsules , Altair landers and Ares I and Ares V boosters .
But unlike the Space Race days , the renewed effort is expected to be a cooperative international endeavor .
I 've grown up hearing the phrase , " If it ai n't broke , do n't fix it . "
It never occurred to me that this saying could apply to a frugal lifestyle .
How often do you really wear something out before replacing it ?
I mean , really wear it out -- to the point where it is barely recognizable .
There are pros and cons to fully using up the useful life ( and then some ) of our household possessions , and deciding when to replace something can pose a significant threat to your financial picture .
Frugality Supports Quality
I 've said before that one of the differences between being frugal and being cheap is that frugal people value quality over a rock - bottom price .
We frugal types will pay a little more for something that lasts a little longer , or costs less to operate over time .
Large household purchases , such as cars and appliances , often times begin to cost more to operate the longer we use them .
But that does n't necessarily mean it is time to run out and buy a new one .
The Broken Refrigerator
Our side - by - side refrigerator has been giving us trouble off and on for the last few months .
It would go through periods where the refrigerated compartment became hot , and we had to empty it , call a repair technician and wait .
Twice technicians came to our house days later and by that time the fridge had started cooling again .
Because I do n't profess to be an expert in appliance repair , I accepted their diagnosis that nothing was really wrong and we settled up for the service call and reloaded our food .
The third time this happened we were ready to toss the thing out by the curb !
We came home one afternoon from a day trip to a hot fridge .
We were forced to toss much of the fridge 's contents , such as lunch meat and other perishables .
My wife and I were both weary of dealing with the busted appliance .
We looked online at replacement models and had sticker shock when we saw most similar refrigerators now retailed for well over $ 1,000 .
A quick search of CraigsList and a credit union publication 's classifieds yielded no results for used models .
I asked around for a reputable appliance repair shop and decided not to go through the store where the refrigerator was purchased , even though the telephone service reps recommended them ( it was out of warranty , and they had their chances , so at this point their recommendation carried little weight ) .
For $ 200 a technician found the problem , replaced the part , manually defrosted and cleaned the refrigerator and has it operating like new .
Obviously , I 'm glad we found them , and I 'm glad I did n't rush out and buy a new refrigerator , even though that was our first impulse .
Drive It Until the Wheels Fall Off , and Then Fix the Wheels
I 've taken this same approach to our vehicles , our furniture , and several other household items .
Ten years ago I would have run out and replaced something the first time it hinted at giving us trouble .
Now , I am much less eager to run out and spend money , so I typically try to repair or maintain something long enough to get by .
There is a risk that repair / maintenance costs will ultimately cost more than replacing the item , so keep up with how much you are spending on upkeep to make sure you are n't sinking too much money into something unncessarily .
Download Download ( h/t Heather )
We 've long since documented the desperate lengths that John McCain is willing to go to win the office of the Presidency , even to the point of hiring the same people responsible for those whisper campaigns in 2000 that he might be a little off his rocker from his years as a POW and that he fathered an illegitimate black baby .
Chris Matthews seems a little surprised that John McCain is actually seeking to win the election .
Not sure what Chris thinks McCain 's been doing for the last 18 months , but it 's Howard Fineman who gives the real answer to the $ 64,000 question .
The White House wants McCain to win because they know there would be no accountability for all their criminal acts with another Republican in office .
FINEMAN : If you 're in this White House , you want another Republican administration to follow .
You do n't want a Democratic administration coming in there while the evidence is still fresh , so to speak .
To look at it the way ...
MATTHEWS : With the subpoena power ...
FINEMAN : With the subpoena power and looking through all the records and looking at all the decisions that were made .
You want to cover over your two terms with a third term the way Ronald Reagan did with George HW Bush .
All of which is undoubtedly true , and one can only hope that there might be a depressingly rare accountability moment coming from a Democratic White House ( although nothing about the current Democratic majority would lead us to believe they have the fortitude to pursue it ) .
But the thing that chaps my hide is the tacit admission by Fineman that the Bush administration would have stuff to hide .
Not that they do n't ... we 've been saying so since the beginning of C&L , but that after years and years of having Fineman and Co. make excuses for the Bush administration and be content to regurgitate their talking points ( just as Kelly O'Donnell unapologetically does in this clip ) , NOW Fineman admits it as if it 's been common knowledge all along .
Transcripts below the fold
MATTHEWS :
As we 've said , President Bush and John McCain have had a chilly relationship at best .
Things turned arctic after that brutal primary fight back in 2000 and while they warmed up a bit in recent years , few people believe Bush and McCain are close friends .
But the president and some of his former staffers are working hard to get their former rival elected .
No surprise there .
Getting another Republican in there would be Bush 's best hope to carry on , even bulk up his legacy .
Here 's Bush back in March when he made it plain that he wants McCain there to continue his foreign policy .
[ video ]
BUSH : John McCain will find out when he takes the oath of office his most important responsibility is to protect the American people from harm .
And there 's still an enemy that lurks .
An enemy that wants to strike us .
And this country better have somebody in that Oval Office who understands the stakes .
And John McCain understands those stakes .
[ end video ]
MATTHEWS : So Kelly , they 're not ready to turn the ball over to the other side , see how well they can play it , huh ?
O'DONNELL : Well the President would certainly like to continue that idea of offense as a part of foreign diplomacy , which is something that John McCain talks about a lot .
Where McCain does differ is he is more open to some of the diplomatic negotiations that you hear so much from Barack Obama .
Different than Obama , but I think McCain does have a slightly different view on foreign policy than the President .
MATTHEWS : Again , Karl Rove is hovering over this campaign .
Steve Schmidt , one of his former people ... associates is in there running the campaign now .
Now it looks to me like they want to win .
RATHER : They want to win and John McCain wants to win .
Because he has bought in to the Rovian strategy for this next election and why would n't he ?
Karl Rove ran two brilliant campaigns for president .
However , that could cost him on the other side , because on the one hand he 's trying to say , ‘ you know , what ... I 'm not Bush III ' on the other hand , he 's having Bush 's operatives run the campaign for him .
O'DONNELL : Obviously top Republican operatives have worked for the Bush / Cheney era .
But Schmidt would be the first to tell you he's an Arnold Schwarzenegger man .
He ran his re-election campaign , helped him to win coming back from a big deficit .
So even this new guy whose sort of running this organization is not as tied to President Bush and Vice President Cheney as you might think .
MATTHEWS : I 'm looking at Rove here , over this whole campaign , not just Schmidt , but Rove .
I wonder if the polarizing , partisan way that the Bush campaign put his whole operation together the last two terms is n't going to invade and perhaps hurt the McCain effort . ‘
TUCKER : Well , remember Rove worries about his legacy too .
Just a little while ago , he was thought of one of the most brilliant political strategists of a generation .
But more recently he 's been looking like the guy who has diminished the Republican brand .
MATTHEWS : Yeah .
TUCKER : So he wants McCain to win not just for Bush 's sake , but for Rove 's sake as well .
MATTHEWS : Yeah , he 's was five feet ahead of the Special Prosecuter , let 's not forget that , in the leak case .
FINEMAN : Yeah .
That 's part of it too .
First of all , belief matters here .
Bush and McCain agree on Iraq ...
MATTHEWS : Right .
FINEMAN : ... Which is a big deal .
One of the biggest , most consequential decisions any president ever made .
So there 's belief .
There 's also fear .
If you 're in this White House , you want another Republican administration to follow .
You do n't want a Democratic administration coming in there while the evidence is still fresh , so to speak .
To look at it the way ...
MATTHEWS : With the subpoena power ...
FINEMAN : With the subpoena power and looking through all the records and looking at all the decisions that were made .
You want to cover over your two terms with a third term the way Ronald Reagan did with George HW Bush .
MATTHEWS : Yeah ...
hunk ./Yi/Editor.hs 49 - , windows :: WindowSet Window + , tabs :: WindowSet ( WindowSet Window )
hunk ./Yi/Editor.hs 63 + windows :: Editor -> WindowSet Window + windows editor = + WS.current $ tabs editor +
hunk ./Yi/Editor.hs 103 - windowsA = Accessor windows ( \f e -> e {windows = f ( windows e )} ) +windowsA = Accessor windows modifyWindows $ + where modifyWindows f e = + let ws = WS. current ( tabs e ) + ws ' = f ws + tabs ' = ( tabs e ) { WS. current = ws ' } + in e {tabs = tabs ' }
hunk ./Yi/Editor.hs 127 - , windows = WS.new win + , tabs = WS.new $ WS. new win
hunk ./ Yi/Editor.hs 190 - windows = fmap pickOther ( windows e ) + tabs = fmap ( fmap pickOther ) ( tabs e )
hunk ./ Yi/Keymap / Vim.hs 909 + fn " tabnew " = withEditor newTabE
hunk ./ Yi/Keymap / Vim.hs 312 - choice - ( [ c ? >>!
action i | ( c , action ) <- singleCmdFM ] ++ + choice $ + [ c ?>>!
action i | ( c , action ) <- singleCmdFM ] ++ hunk ./ Yi/Keymap / Vim.hs 315 - [ char 'r ' ?>> textChar >>= write . writeN . replicate i ] ) + [ char ' r ' ?>> textChar >>= write .
writeN .
replicate i + , pString " gt " >>!
nextTabE + , pString " gT " >>! previousTabE ] +
hunk ./Yi/Editor.hs 448 +-- | Creates a new tab containing a window that views the current buffer .
+newTabE :: EditorM ( ) +newTabE = do + bk <- getBuffer + k <- newRef + let win = Window False bk 0 k + modify $ \e -> e { tabs = WS.add ( WS.new win ) ( tabs e ) } + +-- |
Moves to the next tab in the round robin set of tabs +nextTabE :: EditorM ( ) + nextTabE = do + modify $ \e -> e { tabs = WS. forward ( tabs e ) } + +-- |
Moves to the previous tab in the round robin set of tabs + previousTabE :: EditorM ( ) + previousTabE = do + modify $ \e -> e { tabs = WS . backward ( tabs e ) }
WASHINGTON , DC -- Clearly playing the role of the aggressor , the NATO puppet regime of Mikhail Saakashvili has carried out a midnight sneak attack against Russian peacekeepers in the province of South Ossetia .
Those peacekeepers have been there for 15 years under an agreement with Georgia .
Saakashvili is a protégé and creature of Zbigniew Brzezinski , the foreign policy boss of the Barack Obama presidential campaign .
As is explained in my book Obama - The Postmodern Coup : The Making of a Manchurian Candidate , Saakashvili was brought to power in 2003 - 2004 by a people power coup or CIA color revolution , directed by the Brzezinski clan and financed by George Soros , one of Obama 's key financial backers .
In a very real sense , it is the Obama campaign which has attacked Russia in South Ossetia .
Responding to this provocation , Russia has struck back powerfully , hurling the Georgian military into full retreat .
The 3000 % increase in Georgian military spending on US military hardware since 2004 has not had the desired effect .
But the Georgians have killed a score of Russian troops and shot down several aircraft .
Russia is blockading the Georgian Black Sea coast and has already sunk a Georgian warship .
The US regime , the butchers of Iraq , are now whining that the Russian response is " disproportionate , " and that regime change is inadmissible !
McCain responded by aggressive posturing against Russia scripted by Ian Brzezinski , as expected .
At the Olympics , Bush had a heated exchange with Russian Prime Minister Putin over the Georgian aggression .
Bush has dropped his plans to attack Iran and North Korea , and is now slavishly following Brzezinski's orders by concentrating on provoking Russian and China .
Most interesting is the response of Brzezinski's other puppet , Obama .
The Messiah first intoned that it was necessary to show restraint , and stop the armed conflict .
He talked then to NSC Director Hadley , Saakashvili , Rice , and unspecified foreign policy advisers ­ undoubtedly the Brzezinskis , Zbig and Mark .
Notice Obama 's failure to talk with a single Russian leader ­ he failed to bring anybody together this time .
Then Obama switched to a full warmonger line , identical to that of Bush : Obama now lied that Russia had invaded Georgian sovereignty and encroached on Russian sovereignty .
Obama 's spokesman , Ben Rhodes , added that Russia was responsible for the conflict .
This goes to show that Obama is a ticket to World War III on the Brzezinski Plan , the crackpot design to break up Russia and China , securing another century for the Anglo - American world empire .
Because Brzezinski's strategic insanity unfolds on a scale more vast than that of the neocons , Obama is indeed a far bigger warmonger than Bush .
" In his later statement , Mr. Obama said , " What is clear is that Russia has invaded Georgia 's sovereign - has encroached on Georgia 's sovereignty , and it is very important for us to resolve this issue as quickly as possible , " ' The New York Times reported .
Obama is morally insane , since Georgia is the aggressor and Russia is acting in self - defense .
Russian peacekeepers have been stationed in South Ossetia for about 15 years under a Russian - Georgian bilateral agreement which the provocateur Saakashvili has now chosen to violate .
The pseudo - democratic Saakashvili has declared martial law and is proceeding to liquidate his internal opposition ­ a favorite Saakashvili trick .
In November 2007 , when opposition to the NATO " free market " kleptocrats was getting out of hand after a large demonstration , Saakashvili also declared martial law , suppressing the media and rounding up his opponents .
This is the man Obama is supporting .
WARMONGER OBAMA BLAMES RUSSIA , MIMICS BUSH , CHENEY " Clearly over the course of the last 24 hours this crisis has escalated , " said Ben Rhodes , an Obama foreign policy aide .
" Clearly Russia bears the responsibility for that escalation . "
If this is the 3 AM phone call , Obama has failed miserably .
Obama is running for the third term of the dotard warmonger Dick Cheney , who according to AP ' told Georgia 's pro-American president that " Russian aggression must not go unanswered , and that its continuation would have serious consequences for its relations with the United States . " '
Predictably , the US controlled corporate media , NPR , PBS , the BBC , and the rest of the Anglo - American media cartel are attempting to cover up the salient fact that this war was started by Georgia .
Georgia is unquestionably the aggressor , and a cowardly one at that .
It is time to demand that not one soldier , not one penny , not one ship , not one plane be used by the US to support Saakashvili and his gang of kleptocrats and thugs .
There must be no NATO membership for Georgia , nor for the similar gang of kleptocrats and thugs ensconced in Kiev , Ukraine , who have declared their full support for Georgia .
Russian President Medvedev has pointed out that the Georgians have already killed about 2,000 Ossetians out of a total population of 70,000 , and that Georgia is pursuing genocide and ethnic cleansing .
These charges are well founded .
In the face of imminent military defeat , Saakashvili will have a hard time holding onto power .
Russia is unlikely to consider Georgia proper a privileged sanctuary for launching further attacks , and the Tiflis airport and other assets have already been bombed by Russia .
Georgia 's entire military infrastructure will now be subject to destruction .
This lesson will hopefully not be lost on Brzezinski's Ukrainian puppets .
South Ossetia can be compared to West Virginia .
When Virginia seceded from the Union in 1861 , West Virginia soon retaliated by seceding from Virginia .
Similarly , when Georgia left the USSR in 1991 , South Ossetia chose to remain with North Ossetia , which has been a part of Russia since about 1761 .
A second West Virginia exists in the form of Abkhazia , another province assigned by Stalin to the Georgian SSR which chose to stay de facto with the Russian Federation .
Abkhazia fears a Georgian attack , and has declared a state of emergency , mobilizing its armed forces .
Do not be surprised if Abkhazia pre-emptively seizes back some of its territory now held by Georgia .
The attack is coherent with Brzezinski's desperate plan to save the collapsing US - UK regime of world domination by finding ways to smash Russia and China , the two serious power centers capable of checkmating Washington and London .
As predicted , the epicenter of world confrontation is shifting rapidly away from the Persian Gulf .
The method is classic Brzezinski : Zbig , working through the Principals ' Committee ( Gates , Rice , Paulson , Mullen , Hadley ) which rules Washington behind the scenes while the lame ducks Bush and Cheney babble off into the sunset , is playing his Georgia puppet state against Russia , leading in all probability to regime change and possible guerrilla warfare in Georgia .
This is exactly what Brzezinski did with Afghanistan in 1979 , leading to the collapse of the Soviet Union .
It is also what Brzezinski intends to do with Iran .
The Georgia - Ossetia war is already the biggest international crisis since 2003 , with implications that go far beyond anything involving Iraq or Iran , since we are here dealing with the specter of superpower thermonuclear confrontation ­ a danger which is not immediately present in the Gulf .
The Georgia - Ossetia war risks going out of control , and moving the planet towards World War III , in several ways :
There are 2,000 Georgian soldiers serving for the US in Iraq .
These forces have now been called home .
The US is flying them back to Georgia in US military aircraft , a very unfriendly act towards Russia , since these troops will soon be fighting the Russians under present circumstances .
What is Russia decided to shoot down these US planes ?
That would bring World War III much too close for comfort .
NBS
News reports that the State Department is talking to the Russian Foreign Ministry to avoid just such a highly dangerous mid-air confrontation .
American national interest demands that these Georgians be told to get home on their own power , without the US Air Force .
The Russian navy is now blockading the Black Sea coast of Georgia .
What if the US or other NATO states now decide to send ships carrying humanitarian or military aid to Georgia ?
A large NATO fleet buildup in the eastern Mediterranean is reported .
What if the US , the British , or the French try to break through the Russian naval blockade ?
If shooting starts , World War III could loom very quickly .
The NATO puppet regime in Ukraine controls the bases for the Russian Black Sea fleet .
These NATO provocateurs in Kiev are now saying that , since the Russian Black Sea fleet has left those ports to blockade Georgia , they will not be allowed to re-enter their Ukrainian home ports .
If shooting starts , this could be a wider war .
If the NATO Tusk regime in Poland , yet another gaggle of Brzezinski puppets , decides to come in on the side of the Ukrainians , then Warsaw could invoke the NATO alliance , and the US could soon be at war with Russia .
Ukraine could also decide to support Georgia with ground troops .
If the Ukrainians get into trouble , they will call on the Poles , and the Poles will call on NATO , also threatening to drag the US into a real war of catastrophic proportions .
Letting Poland join NATO was supreme folly .
We are fortunate that Georgia and Ukraine are not NATO members already .
American national interest demands good relations with Russia .
The United States must not be carried towards World War III as the tail of the Brzezinski- Obama kite .
There must be no support for Saakashvili and his gang .
11.10 pm. Reality television has become our politics .
11.06 pm. Both Huckabee and Palin have used the t-word .
Of course , they are not criminally liable , as Bush is .
11.05 pm . Every time the camera pans to McCain 's mother , she seems mortified .
I do n't really blame her .
Can you imagine what she was thinking as a tiny special needs baby is passed from person to person for the cable news .
11.03 pm .
However admirable it is to be a mayor , is it really necessary to drip contempt for people who work as community organizers ?
It seems to me that Palin does n't quite have the stature to be putting down someone who has won millions of people 's votes .
This is a much more partisan speech than I was expecting .
11.00 pm Styrofoam pillars ; and self - designed seals .
And her lip curls .
10.58 pm . Now it 's about big government - which Republicans have exploded in size .
But no one can notice the actual record of the GOP in growing government and increasing debt .
That would be too much accountability .
10.56 pm. Obama wants to reduce American power and prevent energy production .
The mockery of Obama from Palin is striking .
I do n't recall anyone mocking McCain at the DNC .
10.53 pm. Drill , baby , drill !
I may be just revealing that I 'm out of touch , but I do n't see why laying pipelines is now a core rallying cry of American conservatism .
Excavations at Kfar HaHoresh , in the north of Israel , led by Prof.
Nigel Goring - Morris of Hebrew University 's Institute of Archaeology , have revealed a prehistoric funerary precinct dating back to 6,750 - 8,500 BC .
This funerary has grave goods including phallic figurines and sea shells from the Mediterranean and Red Seas , along with other items from Syria , Cyprus and Anatolia .
While fertility symbols during this period are often associated with female imagery , at Kfar HaHoresh only phallic figurines have been found to date , including one placed as a foundation deposit in the wall of the precinct .
Burials at the site now total at least 65 individuals , and display an unusual demographic profile – with an emphasis on young adult males .
Graves occur under or associated with lime - plaster surfaced L - shaped walled structures , and are varied in nature from single articulated burials through multiple secondary burials with up to 17 individuals .
Bones in one had been intentionally re-arranged in what appears to be a depiction .
(1) Phallic figurine , ( 2 ) Small symbolic axe made with serpentine , ( 3 ) Shell pendants , ( 4 ) Engraved token Photo by : Prof. Nigel Goring - Morris
The precinct is a massive walled enclosure measuring 10 meters by at least 20 meters .
The Pre-Pottery Neolithic B site in the Nazareth hills of the lower Galilee is interpreted as having been a regional funerary and cult center for nearby lowland villages .
Goring - Morris says that the precinct is just one of the many finds discovered at the site this year – including remains of a fully - articulated , but tightly contracted 40 year old adult male .
Accompanying grave goods include a sickle blade and a sea shell , while a concentration of some 60 other shells were found nearby .
The sea shells provide evidence for extensive exchange networks from the Mediterranean and Red Seas .
Symbolic items include small plain or incised tokens .
An entire herd of cattle was also found buried nearby .
Exotic minerals found at the site include malachite from south of the Dead Sea , obsidian ( natural volcanic glass ) from central Anatolia , and a votive axe on serpentine from either Cyprus or northern Syria .
" Cultic artifacts , installations and their contextual associations attest to intensive ritual practices in the area , " says Prof. Goring - Morris .
The Pre-Pottery Neolithic B , ca. 8,500 - 6,750 BC , corresponds to the period when the first large village communities were established in the fertile regions of the Near East when a wide ranging cultural interaction sphere came into being throughout the Levant .
Obama spokesman Bill Burton blasted McCain for touting his role in a deal on the $ 700 billion deal that failed on the House floor today .
Obama camp : McCain ‘ bragged ’ about deal
Barack Obama spokesman Bill Burton blasted John McCain for touting his role in a deal on the $ 700 billion deal that failed on the House floor today .
On MSNBC Burton said that while McCain “ bragged about bringing House Republicans together ” he “ never showed up on Capitol Hill and then right at the heart of the negotiations he was n’t there . ”
Advertisement
“ We need someone who wo n’t just point fingers and use phony gimmicks , ” Burton said .
McCain ’s campaign in turn blamed Obama for the failed vote .
“ This bill failed because Barack Obama and the Democrats put politics ahead of country , ” McCain senior policy adviser Doug Holtz - Eakin said following the vote .
“ Barack Obama failed to lead , phoned it in , attacked John McCain , and refused to even say if he supported the final bill . ”
The Obama campaign did not immediately respond to the attack , though during a campaign stop in Colorado the Illinois senator said he is “ confident ” a deal will eventually get done .
Prior to the vote , the McCain campaign had been claiming credit for a deal reached Saturday .
“ Without Senator McCain , House Republicans would not have appointed a negotiator , which would not have moved this bill forward , ” McCain communications director Jill Hazelbaker said Monday .
“ So it 's really Senator McCain who — who got all parties around the table to hammer out a deal that hopefully is in the best interests of the American taxpayer . ”
During a campaign stop in Ohio , McCain said the Illinois senator was “ watching from the sidelines ” during negotiations .
This article tagged under : 2010
Politics
A man passes with an umbrella in front of the United Nations Headquarters in New York , March 24 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Mike Segar
UNITED NATIONS ( Reuters ) - The United Nations is encouraging its New York staff to trade wool business suits for cooler attire this summer so the organization can slash air conditioning costs and help the environment .
“ There is going to be a relaxing of the dress protocols and people are being encouraged to wear lighter clothing , ” said U.S. architect Michael Adlerstein , who is overseeing a $ 1.8 billion renovation of the 60 - year - old U.N. skyscraper .
Adlerstein said about $ 100,000 would be saved by turning the thermostats up 5 degrees to 77 Fahrenheit ( 25 Celsius ) in the U.N. secretariat building and to 75 F ( 24 C ) in conference rooms , during a trial run in the scorching month of August .
It would also help the environment in New York City , he said .
About 4,400 million pounds of steam -- equivalent to several hundred tons of carbon dioxide -- would be saved by reducing air conditioning at the landmark midtown Manhattan building .
He said staff were being encouraged to shed their trademark dark suits and switch to lighter business casual clothing .
Adlerstein sported a white shirt with neither jacket nor tie as he addressed reporters at U.N. headquarters .
“ I do n’t want to get involved in the fashion police of determining exactly what people can wear , but the encouragement of business casual is where we are going , ” he said .
If the trial is a success , thermostats will be turned down 5 degrees in winter .
The year - round changes could save up to $ 1 million annually , Adlerstein said .
Japanese diplomats will likely have an easy time making the transition .
In 2005 , Japan launched a “ Cool Biz ” campaign encouraging people to dress down in summer to reduce air conditioning use and greenhouse gas emissions .
The global financial chaos as well as the fallout from the Kremlin's war in the Caucasus have combined to plunge Russia 's markets into financial turmoil .
Russia 's supposed immunity to the global financial downturn was definitively over today as trading was suspended on Russian stock exchanges for a second day running amid record falls .
Analysts attributed the plummet in share prices to the international economic situation but said that the Russian war in Georgia last month had affected confidence in the country among Western investors .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The government today announced an increased lending package to the country 's three biggest banks , with the hope of inducing a knock - on effect of stability .
The rouble - denominated Micex stock exchange had its biggest ever single - day fall since Russia 's 1998 crisis yesterday , falling 17 per cent in a single day , and the dollar stock exchange hit a two - year low and continued falling .
Chaos on Wall Street and falling oil prices have compounded Russia 's problems , as investors begin to doubt the solidity of Russia 's economy , which is based largely on energy and commodity exports .
Some analysts downplayed the severity of the crisis and said that the crisis was not likely to affect ordinary Russians in the way that the credit crunch is being felt in Western countries .
" I still expect overall GDP growth of 6 - 7 per cent this year , and no full - fledged credit crunch , " said Yaroslav Lissovolik , chief economist at Deutsche Bank in Moscow .
" This is very different from 1998 , because Russia has built up substantial fiscal and monetary reserves over the past eight years . "
In 1998 , the Russian economy defaulted , plunging the country into economic crisis and sending foreign investors fleeing .
But during the reign of Mr Putin , soaring global oil prices meant that Russia was able to amass a vast " stabilisation fund " of reserves to protect the economy from fluctuating commodity prices .
Finance Minister Alexei Kudrin yesterday said that the crisis was not yet serious enough to start using funds from the stabilisation fund , but analysts expect the government to do so soon .
" Fundamentally , Russia still represents an attractive destination for foreign investors ; its case is still strong , " said Mr Lissovolik .
But several deals have already been postponed or cancelled , including the initial public offerings ( IPOs ) of Russian companies in London and acquisitions of Russian assets by Western companies .
Some say that , in a situation where investors are running scared and less likely to accept risk , Russian government actions over the past few months are likely to scare people off .
Back in July , Prime Minister Vladimir Putin criticised mining firm Mechel for selling coal cheaper abroad than on the domestic market .
Referring to the company 's CEO , who had been taken ill , Mr Putin advised him to get better soon , " or we will have to send him a doctor and clean up all the problems " .
Mr Putin 's remarks were seen as a sign that the state was still prepared to intervene to pressure or destroy companies , and brought back memories of the Yukos saga .
The company 's value immediately fell by $ 5 billion .
A protracted dispute between British Petroleum and its Russian partners in the joint venture TNK - BP , its Russian joint venture , as well as the war in Georgia , have led to further doubts about Russia among international investors .
The stock market losses may soon be corrected , say analysts , and the government can help improve the liquidity crisis by increasing lending , but investor confidence could take longer to win back .
President Dmitry Medvedev last week said that 75 % of Russia 's economic woes were due to the international situation , while 25 per cent were due to internal factors , including the crisis in the Caucasus .
Mr Putin , however , said last week that the US crisis had led investors to withdraw speculative capital , and that the downturn had little to do with Russia 's invasion of Georgia .
" Putin 's comments on Mechel made the initial impact , then after Georgia everyone started pulling out of the stock markets , " said a British lawyer working in Moscow who has seen deals cancelled and business dry up over the past few weeks .
" Add in to the mix that energy and commodity stocks have been falling worldwide on fears of a worldwide recession and you have a fairly bleak picture .
If Putin knew how to behave , the crisis would be a lot less serious , as investors had until very recently seen Russia as a good place to weather the global economic storm . "
Liberal bloggers have made their first arrest .
A Minnesota man trying to get mainstream exposure for his claims that he once enjoyed sex and cocaine with Barack Obama made a scheduled appearance at the National Press Club in Washington , D.C. Wednesday , and was promptly picked up by law enforcement on an out - of - state warrant .
Larry Sinclair , 46 , was allowed to deliver his presentation to the smattering of reporters in attendance before deputy U.S. Marshals quietly led him away in handcuffs , Sinclair 's lawyer confirmed Thursday .
Already burdened with a long rap sheet , Sinclair was wanted on a criminal warrant in Delaware .
The arrest followed a failed campaign by Firedoglake , a leading liberal blog , to prevent Sinclair from airing his allegations at the prestigious Press Club .
But a couple blogging from Paris then began trying to arrange for his arrest at the appearance – a plan that seems to have succeeded .
" After a phone call to the Washington , D.C. Police , we have verified that Lawrence Wayne Sinclair has been arrested at the National Press Club just after his press conference ended , " bloggers at the Mitch and Nan Show trumpeted Thursday .
Sinclair claims to have had sex and snorted drugs with Barack Obama in the back of a limousine in 1999 while Obama was a state legislator .
The claims are unsubstantiated , and Sinclair first made them in a YouTube video released this January , which has garnered over 900,000 views – despite Sinclair 's long history of criminal fraud , and his flunking of a polygraph on the supposed tryst .
When Sinclair announced his plans to air his claims at the National Press Club , Mitch and Nan , and one of their readers in Washington , D.C. , began coordinating to tip off law enforcement authorities on Sinclair 's whereabouts .
Other bloggers had already discovered that he was wanted on at least one outstanding warrant .
The reader , named " Margot " , contacted the D.C. police , but was told the cops would n't arrest Sinclair unless they got confirmation that he was at the press conference , and were provided with a detailed description .
The morning of the event , Sinclair helpfully posted a picture of himself on his blog , and in a post warned Obama supporters not to try and crash his press conference .
The photo allowed Margot to phone the police with a description .
Then she went down to the Press Club to see the results .
" They may not have stopped the press conference but the police did show up , and took him away , " she wrote in to the Mitch and Nan Show blog later .
" I was just at the NPC building and there was one only police car left by the time I got there . "
The feds had to pull rank on Washington , D.C. police officers who also showed up to arrest Sinclair .
Sinclair appeared in D.C. superior court for his arraignment Thursday afternoon .
The court clerk confirmed he'd been listed as a " fugitive from justice . "
Sinclair 's attorney Montgomery Sibley , whose license to practice law has been suspended in Florida and Washington , D.C. , says that he has arranged for a lawyer to represent Sinclair in Delaware .
American stabbed in Beijing was closely connected to U.S. team
Todd Bachman is shown in this undated photo provided by Bachman ?s Inc. Bachman was stabbed to death in Beijing Saturday , Aug. 9 , 2008 and his wife , Barbara , suffered life - threatening injuries in the same attack .
less Todd Bachman is shown in this undated photo provided by Bachman ?s Inc. Bachman was stabbed to death in Beijing Saturday , Aug. 9 , 2008 and his wife , Barbara , suffered life - threatening injuries in the same ... more Photo : AP Photo : AP Image 1 of / 15 Caption Close American stabbed in Beijing was closely connected to U.S. team 1 / 15 Back to Gallery
An American closely connected to the U.S. Olympic volleyball program was stabbed to death Saturday and his two companions were wounded , before their Chinese assailant leapt to his own death off the 13th - century Drum Tower just north of the Forbidden City in Beijing .
The apparently random attack occurred at 12:20 p.m. on the first full day of competition at the 29th Olympic Games in the ancient capital , the day after the spectacular Opening Ceremonies welcoming the world into China .
The man killed was Todd Bachman , 62 , father of former Olympian Elisabeth Bachman McCutcheon .
McCutcheon is married to the U.S. men's coach , Hugh McCutcheon .
Bachman 's wife , Barbara , also 62 , was seriously injured .
The status of their Chinese guide , a woman , was not reported .
According to the Associated Press , American player Stacy Sykora said the team was rousted from naps on Saturday afternoon and told of the attack .
Later in the day , the team competed against Japan , winning the match .
" It was a reaction that I do n't even have to describe .
You have to understand what Liz Bachman is to USA Volleyball .
She 's probably the nicest person in the entire world , her and her family , " Sykora told the AP .
" Her family is like our family because they traveled with us , she fought in the 2004 Olympics with us , she was my roommate in 2004 . "
The assailant reportedly sprung at the Bachmans and their guide , who was not identified , on the second floor of the tower .
The man , identified by the official Xinhua News Agency as Tang Yongming , 47 , of the eastern city of Hangzhou , stabbed the three and then jumped about 130 feet to the ground as tourists watched .
The assailant was pronounced dead at the bottom of the tower , which is about five miles from the main Olympic venues and the athletes village .
A motive had not yet determined for the attack , but USOC representatives said none of the victims were wearing anything that would identify them as American .
Preliminary reports indicated the assailant acted alone and that there had not been any argument or conflict before the attack .
" We can confirm the reports that an American couple and their Chinese tour guide were attacked today by a Chinese man from Zhejiang Province . , " said Susan Stevenson , spokeswoman for the U.S. Embassy in Beijing .
" I 've seen reports that it did n't have any understandable motivation .
We are actively following up with the Chinese authorities and the victim 's family .
U.S. embassy personnel responded to the scene and are at the hospital . "
President George Bush , who was in Beijing for the opening ceremonies , and U.S. Ambassador Clark T. Randt , were quickly informed about the slaying , Stevenson said
" The president of the United States is in China and he has been fully briefed on the incident and extends his condolences to the victims and their family , " she said .
" All I can say is it 's a very , very sad day for everybody in the U.S. volleyball community , " said BJ Evans , the spokeswoman for the U.S. men's volleyball team .
The attack was particularly shocking because violent crime is so rare against foreigners in Beijing .
Security has been especially tight during the Olympics , with police and military guards stationed any place foreigners are likely to visit .
Those who do commit crimes against foreigners can expect even heavier punishments than for crimes against fellow Chinese citizens .
Additionally , Chinese citizens are not allowed to own guns and neighborhood watch groups are extremely vigilant , as some journalists in Beijing for the Olympic games have found out .
But crime against tourists is not unheard of in China .
A Canadian model was murdered last month in Shanghai after police said she stumbled onto a burglary , according to wire service accounts .
In March , a hostage taker with a bomb strapped to him commandeered a bus with 10 Australians aboard in the popular tourist city of Xi'an .
He was shot to death by a police sniper , the Associated Press reported .
The Bell Tower and Drum Tower , where the attack occurred , were used as a center for time - keeping in the ancient capital during the Yuan , Ming and Qing dynasties .
The 153 - foot Drum Tower , built of wood in 1272 , once had 25 drums on its second floor .
Time was kept by rhythmically beating the drums and ringing the bell in the other nearby tower , but that method was abolished by Pu Yi , the last emperor of China .
Only the biggest drum remains in the tower .
Police blocked off streets leading to the Drum Tower immediately after the attack and cordoned off the area with yellow police tape .
International Olympic Committee spokeswoman Emmanuelle Moreau said in a statement that the committee was working with Beijing Games organizers " to find out full details , and are ready to provide whatever assistance we can . "
Staff Writer Janny
Hu and Chronicle news services contributed to this report
Most children 's TV producers know that to get kids to watch , you have to terrify the little bastards .
Looking back at the weird - ass shows they 've cranked out over the decades , it 's a wonder that we all grew up to be such , stable , well - adjusted adults .
7 Slim Goodbody
Slim Goodbody was a friendly Jewfroed health nut who saw nothing wrong with showing you his innards in a way that is both intimate and vomit - inducing .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
What The Hell Were They Thinking ?
If you ever found yourself wondering what a Steve Gutenberg / Horshack hybrid would look like on the inside , this is the show of your dreams .
Slim Goodbody is here to force you to make good nutrition type choices , or he 'll feed you to his robot -man .
Do n't get us wrong , we 're pleased when the neighborhood exhibitionist takes a unhealthy interest in vulnerable children .
The scary part is when the animated picture of the red - track - suited man magically bursts into a nude man who utilizes an inappropriate wide - legged stance .
Note the shiny animated highlights to accentuate the fact that yes , this man has shed his clothes to teach you about love and life .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
And we wonder why we have an obesity epidemic ?
Slim Goodbody utilizes his lumpy flesh - covered unitard to teach all the terrified children of the world why they should eat as much as possible , in order to cover the monstrosities which lurk beneath their skin .
Pay close attention to the part where the animated Goodbody goes through the trouble of turning around to show his half - muscularly - buttocked backside .
We contend this visual assault subconsciously prompted millions of children to eat uncontrollably , as they never , ever wanted to be as healthy as Slim Goodbody .
Never .
Ever .
You know you want some of this lower intestine that is covering my private parts .
Will you be my new mummy ?
Orphan gorilla gets to grips with her new keeper after being adopted by British zoo
They were worried she might have trouble fitting into the family .
But as these tender pictures show , Kera the gorilla already considers herself perfectly at home .
Have I told you lately that I love you ?
Kera gives keeper Emily Pugh a ferry hug
Cuddling up to her keepers , having a quiet chat or clinging on for a piggyback ride , she looks like she has known them all her life .
But the four - year - old western lowland gorilla is the new girl on the block , arriving at Bristol Zoo Gardens only two weeks ago .
Girl talk : Kera and keeper Mel Gage have a chat
Bonding , despite her keepers ' fears , has n't been a problem .
She loves everybody she meets , both human and gorilla .
A rather shaky start to life certainly has n't affected her sunny nature .
Making friends : Kera settles in to her new surroundings
Born at Barcelona Zoo , Kera , a twin , was rejected by her mother .
She was sent to Wilhelma Zoo in Stuttgart , Germany , where she has spent the past four years in a gorilla nursery , being reared by humans .
Making time to smell the roses ( or rather leaves )
But her keepers there decided she needed a chance to interact with adult gorillas .
So Bristol Zoo came to the rescue .
Keeper Emily Pugh , 22 , said Kera was already settling in well with the zoo 's other gorillas .
She ain't heavy : A piggyback ride
' She 's beautiful .
She 's such a sweet and friendly girl .
It 's so nice that she 's finally found a home , ' she said .
' I do n't think it will take long for her to integrate into the group - the others are fascinated with her already . '
A shoulder to lean on : Kera cuddles up close
Kera will share the zoo's Gorilla Island with Jock , a 34st silverback , adult females Romina and Salome , and babies Komale and Namoki .
Although they have already shown great interest in Kera , staff will keep her separate from her new family until they are sure she is totally accepted by the group .
Hand - reared : Keira was rejected by her mother and brought up in a special gorilla orphanage in Stuttgart
The zoo is hoping that Kera will grow up to boost its breeding programme with babies of her own .
These U.S. hot spots house some of the nation 's most cultured and educated residents .
1. Seattle .
2. Washington , D.C. From the White House and the Smithsonian museums to the FBI and prestigious Georgetown University , Washington , D.C. is home to some of the most famous and historical landmarks in the world .
It 's comforting to know that the residents of our nation 's capital and the center for our government are also some of the most educated in the country .
Of residents ages 25 and up , 44 percent hold bachelor 's degrees , and nearly 24 percent hold advanced degrees .
Additionally , Central Connecticut State University 's study ranked D.C. as the fifth most literate city in the country .
3. San Francisco .
Nestled into the southern part of this city by the bay is Silicon Valley - the country 's leading high - tech hub - and nearly half of San Fran 's residents ( age 25 and up ) carry a bachelor 's degree , the second highest in the country , according to the U.S. Census Bureau .
Mix in nearly 17 percent of residents with advanced degrees and a population teeming with cultural and ethnic diversity , and it's no surprise that San Francisco has earned one of the top spots on our list .
Nestled into the southern part of this city by the bay is Silicon Valley - the country 's leading high - tech hub - and nearly half of San Fran 's residents ( age 25 and up ) carry a bachelor 's degree , the second highest in the country , according to the U.S. Census Bureau .
Mix in nearly 17 percent of residents with advanced degrees and a population teeming with cultural and ethnic diversity , and it's no surprise that San Francisco has earned one of the top spots on our list .
4. Boston .
The largest city in New England , Boston is also considered to be the cultural and economic center of this entire region .
The home for prestigious universities , such as Harvard and Cambridge , attracts superior brain power from all over the globe .
In addition , Beantown ranks fifth for most cultured city , tenth for most literate , and twelfth for percentage of residents with bachelor 's degrees .
Not too shabby .
5. Denver .
A mecca for outdoor sports fanatics , the mile high city also draws distinguished intellects .
Not only was Denver ranked as the fourth most literate city in the country , it almost cracks the top ten for percentage of residents who hold a bachelor 's degree ( 41 percent ) .
As for culture ?
More than 60,000 Americans put Denver at the fifteenth spot , so if you thought that all this city has to offer is steep ski slopes and climbing rocks , think again .
6. New York City .
Arguably the financial capital of the world , it 's no coincidence that 30 percent of New York residents hold a bachelor 's degree - and this number nearly doubles in the borough of Manhattan .
Wall Street is also overflowing with advanced degrees , with nearly 27 percent of residents touting one .
But finance is n't the only field that lures ambitious scholars to New York .
Career opportunities in the fine and performing arts , publishing , and advertising industries draw some of the brightest , most driven , and creative people to the city that never sleeps .
Do n't forget the museums , theaters , and diversity :
The results of a 2007 Travelandleisure.com and CNN Headline News poll deemed New York the most cultured city in the U.S .
The largest city in New England , Boston is also considered to be the cultural and economic center of this entire region .
The home for prestigious universities , such as Harvard and Cambridge , attracts superior brain power from all over the globe .
In addition , Beantown ranks fifth for most cultured city , tenth for most literate , and twelfth for percentage of residents with bachelor 's degrees .
Not too shabby .
A mecca for outdoor sports fanatics , the mile high city also draws distinguished intellects .
Not only was Denver ranked as the fourth most literate city in the country , it almost cracks the top ten for percentage of residents who hold a bachelor 's degree ( 41 percent ) .
As for culture ?
More than 60,000 Americans put Denver at the fifteenth spot , so if you thought that all this city has to offer is steep ski slopes and climbing rocks , think again .
Arguably the financial capital of the world , it 's no coincidence that 30 percent of New York residents hold a bachelor 's degree - and this number nearly doubles in the borough of Manhattan .
Wall Street is also overflowing with advanced degrees , with nearly 27 percent of residents touting one .
But finance is n't the only field that lures ambitious scholars to New York .
Career opportunities in the fine and performing arts , publishing , and advertising industries draw some of the brightest , most driven , and creative people to the city that never sleeps .
Do n't forget the museums , theaters , and diversity :
The results of a 2007 Travelandleisure.com and CNN Headline News poll deemed New York the most cultured city in the U.S .
7. Minneapolis .
One of Minnesota 's twin cities , Minneapolis boasts more of the nation 's top companies ( such as Target and Pepsi ) per capita than any other U.S. city .
It has the fifth highest percentage of residents ages 25 and over who have received bachelor 's degrees .
Still not totally convinced of this spot 's intellectual prowess ?
A study done by Central Connecticut State University analyzed six key indicators of literacy ( including newspaper circulation , number of bookstores , and library resources ) and ranked Minneapolis as the most literate city in the country .
One of Minnesota 's twin cities , Minneapolis boasts more of the nation 's top companies ( such as Target and Pepsi ) per capita than any other U.S. city .
It has the fifth highest percentage of residents ages 25 and over who have received bachelor 's degrees .
Still not totally convinced of this spot 's intellectual prowess ?
A study done by Central Connecticut State University analyzed six key indicators of literacy ( including newspaper circulation , number of bookstores , and library resources ) and ranked Minneapolis as the most literate city in the country .
From the White House and the Smithsonian museums to the FBI and prestigious Georgetown University , Washington , D.C. is home to some of the most famous and historical landmarks in the world .
It 's comforting to know that the residents of our nation 's capital and the center for our government are also some of the most educated in the country .
Of residents ages 25 and up , 44 percent hold bachelor 's degrees , and nearly 24 percent hold advanced degrees .
Additionally , Central Connecticut State University 's study ranked D.C. as the fifth most literate city in the country .
Part of what shapes a city is its people .
And while these impressive locales can lay claim to scenic beauty and fascinating history , they 're also home to some of the smartest people in the country .
Here are the top seven brainiest cities in the country , based on the percentage of residents who have college degrees , the number of cultural activities available ( such as museums and plays ) , and literacy levels of its residents .
Home to 40 educational institutions , 20 libraries , the largest percentage of residents who hold bachelor 's degrees ( 52 percent ) and second largest percentage who hold advanced degrees ( nearly 21 percent ) , Seattle tops our list of brainiest city in the country .
A number of high - profile companies have helped place Seattle on the map , but few can deny that it 's Microsoft and Starbucks that are largely responsible for this city 's infamy .
Microsoft 's creator , Bill Gates ( otherwise known as the richest man in the world ) has a home that is said to be worth over $ 110 million .
Need we say more ?
The Gulf of Mexico accounts for a quarter of US oil production
With Hurricane Gustav on course to hit the US Gulf of Mexico coast , the damage it does to the region 's oil facilities could be a " worst case scenario " .
The stark warning comes from extreme weather impact analyst Jim Roullier , who says Gustav may be more damaging than 2005 's Hurricane Katrina .
Output from oil rigs in the US Gulf has already been cut by three - quarters , as staff continue to be evacuated .
The region produces 25 % of the US 's crude oil and 15 % of its natural gas .
About 4,000 offshore oil and gas facilities are located in the US gulf , 100 of which were badly damaged three years ago by Katrina and the follow on Hurricane Rita .
UK oil giants BP and Shell said on Sunday that all of their Gulf of Mexico facilities were being shut down .
" This storm will be more dangerous than Katrina , " said Mr Roullier , of Planalytics .
" I think this storm will prove to be a worst case scenario for the production region . "
Impact on prices
Forecasters predict that Gustav will hit the central Louisiana coast west of New Orleans by late Monday or early Tuesday .
Predicted route of Hurricane Gustav ( 31 August 2008 )
Enlarge Map
Concern about the impact of Gustav is likely to push global oil prices higher when trading resumes on Monday .
Crude prices had increased last week as concern mounted about Gustav , before finishing slightly down on Friday .
US light sweet ended Friday 13 cents lower to $ 115.46 a barrel , while London 's Brent closed down 12 cents to $ 114.05 .
However , it is important to remember that global demand for oil has eased since record highs of more than $ 147 a barrel were hit back in July .
The mayor of New Orleans , Ray Nagin , has already ordered the evacuation of the city .
In 2005 , three - quarters of the city was flooded by Katrina after a storm surge breached its protective levees .
More than 1,800 people died in coastal areas .
Last night , John McCain and Barack Obama put Iran firmly back in the " Axis of Evil " as far as future US policy is concerned - although at least Obama would talk to the Iranians before bombing them .
Download Download
I find myself at odds with most opinion about last night 's Presidential foreign policy debate .
I did n't think Barack Obama showed himself well , but maybe that 's because I 'm used to seeing Republicans play freely with the facts while I expect more from Obama .
Yet both seems to equally prefer a constructed narrative on Iran over the opinions of experts .
McCain 's contention that " the Iranians continue on the path to the acquisition of a nuclear weapon as we speak tonight " Obama agreed wholeheartedly with , saying that " have gone from zero centrifuges to 4,000 centrifuges to develop a nuclear weapon " .
Both thereby ignored a recent International Atomic Energy Agency report that said they 've found no smoking gun for a current Iranian weapons program , that any program that did exist was cancelled years ago and in any case was only in its earliest stages , and that no nuclear material can be diverted to weapons production without the Agency knowing about it .
They also ignored the most recent National Intelligence Estimate on Iran , which said exactly the same things .
Then there was McCain 's claim that " the Iranians are putting the most lethal IEDs into Iraq " .
Obama should have challenged that .
The last time the US military tried to trot out " proof " for this claim , it was so laughably inadequate that even Bob Gates and then Chair of the Joint Chiefs General Pace refused to embrace it .
Since then , repeated promises to provide new proof have failed to materialize .
And finally , McCain made a possibly - Freudian slip when he labeled the Revolutionary Guards as the Republican Guards ( after all , who knows theo - crazies like Republicans ? ) and said that they trained " special forces ' in Iraq who were killing US soldiers .
Obama backed him up 100 % , saying " I believe the Republican Guard of Iran is a terrorist organization " .
It 's the first regular military force ever to be so designated .
Again , there 's a long way to go to prove that 's actually the case - a lot of the ' evidence ' is based upon interrogations , and we know how ' enhanced interrogation ' gets such marvellously reliable evidence - and even casualty figures attributed to those groups have been dubious to say the least too .
That the IRGC is actively involved in training Iraqi militias is probably the most reliable of the narratives both agreed to on Iran - but neither said outright that the bulk of those militias belong to Maliki 's allies , the ISCI and Badr factions of pro-Iranian Shiites .
Obama at least got that part right :
ironically , the single thing that has strengthened Iran over the last several years has been the war in Iraq .
Iraq was Iran 's mortal enemy .
That was cleared away .
And what we 've seen over the last several years is Iran 's influence grow .
But it still worries me that , after all the kerfuffle about whether or not he would talk to Iran " without preconditions " , the end results of any talks not going America 's way would be an eventual attack .
No question about it .
Senator McCain is absolutely right , we cannot tolerate a nuclear Iran .
It would be a game changer .
Not only would it threaten Israel , a country that is our stalwart ally , but it would also create an environment in which you could set off an arms race in this Middle East .
Back to my first misgiving : what nuclear weapons ?
But is n't it also true that if an Iranian bomb would trigger a regional arms race then the already real and actual Israeli bomb must have already triggered one too ?
Yet Israel 's nuclear weapons were n't mentioned at all , by either candidate .
Every other nation in the regions says its a problem that must be addressed , but somehow it never is .
John McCain came out ahead on points as the most belligerent saber - rattler on the stage last night , but it was close .
A massive thank you goes to the industrious Heather , who works hard in the backroom bringing us all video clips .
* Please see this official MM statement on this incident *
Update 10/20/08
Mystery still shrouds as to what actually happened at the Dayton Mosque , when an unknown chemical irritant was sprayed inside a mosque .
Initially , the police said that a can of pepper spray was found NEAR the mosque .
Later , they “ learned ” it was inside the mosque .
While police interviewed a 10 - year old boy , there has been no conclusion to the case , esp. one that is circulating around that a Muslim boy was responsible .
I am still wondering how police could have been not spot - on on such an important piece of information , i.e. the location of the spray can .
In conclusion , yes indeed this may well have been a prank , an unfortunate one to say the least , but even the police have n’t concluded that outsiders were not involved .
So , we await final judgement .
If outsiders were not involved , then this is also to be considered good news , to be thankful that the situation is not as bad as we thought it was .
Support MuslimMatters for Just $ 2 a Month MuslimMatters has been a free service to the community since 2007 .
All it takes is a small gift from a reader like you to keep us going , for just $ 2 / month .
The Prophet ( SAW ) has taught us the best of deeds are those that done consistently , even if they are small .
Click here to support MuslimMatters with a monthly donation of $ 2 per month .
Set it and collect blessings from Allah ( swt ) for the khayr you 're supporting without thinking about it .
At the same time , the story of “ Obsession DVD ” and its fear and hate - mongering does n’t change an iota .
Please read below for that story , which forms the bulk and essence of this post .
Update 10/13/08
Chris Rodda , original author of the dailykos , responds to the Dayton daily news , and also investigates the mysterious redirected links to scrubbed stories .
I have also linked to the cache story below .
See here .
Since this story was originally posted , the Dayton newspaper ran a couple of more stories , one stating that the spray attack was not being treated as a hate - crime , and the other decrying that bloggers were sensationalizing this story ( boo hoo ) .
As I stated in this post , I do not know if there is any connection between the DVDs and the spray attack .
I believe that common sense dictates that hatred will eventually spew out in the form of some hate - crime sooner or later .
And what the DVD attempts to do is to disseminate hatred .
Regardless , the eye - witness email account continues to reflect some of the terror the spray inflicted , even if it turned out not to cause enduring physical harm .
Emotional trauma is far more difficult to erase and rectify than any physical hurt .
Finally , whether the incident was really as bad as I and many others believe it was , whether the incident was related to the DVD or not , is really inconsequential in the big picture .
The facts on the DVD about the producers , distributors , financiers , and the organizers of islamophobia , which form the bulk of this post , do not hinge on the Dayton incident .
Interestingly , but not surprisingly , the hate - mongers continue to remain undeterred , and are in the process of releasing another video on the “ third jihad ” .
The same foundation , the same characters , but with the addition of their new star– a “ Muslim ” - traitor , a clown , sell - out , our own “ Uncle Tom ” , the male Irshad Manji– Dr. Zuhdi Jasser .
Apparently , Jasser , who ca n’t get any attention or love , even from a small minority of Muslims , is getting a big bone from the Israel - obsessed neocons / right - wing zionists .
Thus , Omid Safi , whose full document on Obsession can be found here , is suggesting that we collect information about this clown , Jasser , his views , his background , etc .
So , I ask our readers to start collecting information on him .
If anyone wants to volunteer to do an “ expose ” on him , that will be great .
Here ’s a starting point : Radical Islam Wants You …and America .
Please let us know or share information in comments .
— — — — — — — — —— —— ——
She told me that the gas was sprayed into the room where the babies and children were being kept while their mothers prayed together their Ramadan prayers .
Panicked mothers ran for their babies , crying for their children so they could flee from the gas that was burning their eyes and throats and lungs .
She grabbed her youngest in her arms and grabbed the hand of her other daughter , moving with the others to exit the building and the irritating substance there .
The paramedic said the young one was in shock , and gave her oxygen to help her breathe .
The child could n’t stop sobbing .
Let ’s step back a bit … Imagine this headline : “ Chemicals sprayed into Synagogue , Children Hurt ” .
Imagine how this headline would be blurting out of every mass media outlet , out of every politician ’s mouth …
Obama and McCain would be personally heading to the Synagogue , proclaiming the strongest messages against such terrorism , calling for the attackers to be brought to full justice , and repudiating whatever may have been responsible for leading to this hate - crime .
Nothing less would be expected of the America that I thought I knew .
Yet , replace Synagogue with a Mosque , and there is deafening silence in the mainstream media .
Were it not for this highly - recommended diary on Dailykos , I wonder if even the liberal blogs would have picked it up .
How apathetic has our national media become to crimes against Muslims in America ?
Do n’t Muslims deserve that these stories be told ?
Is it only when Muslims commit terrorism that the stories are worthy of front - page news , yet when we are subjected to terrorism , it does n’t merit any media attention ?
[ YOU , as a fair - minded individual can do something about it .
And I mention some ways in the conclusion to make a difference , so be sure to read all the way to the end .
You can be sure of one thing , if we do n’t care enough to do something , we ca n’t blame the media for being indifferent . ]
This did n’t happen in some far away place — but right here in Dayton , and to my friends .
Many of the Iraqi refugees were praying together at the Mosque Friday evening .
People that I know and love .
I am hurt and angry .
I tell her this is NOT America .
She tells me this is not Heaven or Hell — there are good and bad people everywhere .
The Dayton Daily News reported the news in a completely matter of fact manner .
Interestingly , this is a cached link , the original link now points to a DIFFERENT story that is a headline on this not being a hate - crime .
Why the original link was not left in place , as is “ normal ” …
I ’ll let you figure that out .
Nothing in the news tells us about the horrors that transpired in the mosque .
The quoted portions above and below ( in red-italics ) were copied from the dailykos story , based on an eye - witness ’s account .
She tells me that her daughters slept with her last night , the little one in her arms and sobbing throughout the night .
She tells me she is afraid , and will never return to the mosque , and I wonder what kind of country is this where people have to fear attending their place of worship ?
The children come into the room , and tell me they want to leave America and return to Syria , where they had fled to from Iraq .
They say they like me , … , and other American friends — but they are too afraid and want to leave .
Should a 6 and 7 year old even have to contemplate the safety of their living situation ?
Did the anti-Muslim video circulating in the area have something to do with this incident , or is that just a bizarre coincidence ?
Who attacks women and children ?
So , did the video cause the incident ?
That is the million - dollar question , and until the culprits are captured and interrogated , we may never know .
If you have n’t already heard of this anti-Muslim DVD , then a one - sentence description should suffice ( until more on it later in the story ) : 77 minutes of pure propaganda , consisting of footage that interlaces videos of violent Muslims with those of Nazis , suggesting that Muslims are out to destroy Western civilization .
Millions of Americans all over the country are ‘ mysteriously ’ receiving this DVD , absolutely free , in their mail .
I , for one , am not ready to buy it off as a coincidence .
As I discussed in my post , Islamophobia already exists , the question is how widespread does Islamophobia become , and when the inevitable hate - crimes start coming in droves .
Let me share one paragraph from that post :
[ O ] ne can think of racism or prejudice as a pyramid , with the bottom base being a myriad and widespread negative opinions and beliefs , which I have already described in the preceding paragraphs .
The next , less - widespread , step up on this pyramid would be hate - talk .
A step further up will be actions motivated by hate , like throwing a pig ’s head into a mosque .
Further steps up ( less frequent but of higher intensity ) would include direct attacks on Muslims and eventually to Muslim deaths and even large - scale terrorism ( a plan by a Florida doctor to bomb Muslim educational centers was derailed in Florida in 2002 before it could be enacted ) .
The question is not whether such hate - crimes will happen ( because they already are ) ; rather the question is when and how many .
What the propagators of this video are attempting to do is to continue building the base of the hate - pyramid .
They are trying to influence and coax the average American into seeing Islam as a threat , and Muslims as enemies .
By mixing images of Nazis and Muslims , they are engaged in willful and dishonest fear - mongering , designed to further their goal of sidelining Muslims in all spheres of American influence .
Who is responsible for spreading Islamophobia ?
The real obsession is in fact for Israel .
What we are constantly finding is that many of the leading Islamophobia creation campaigns have sponsors that have the following in common : radical Jewish , obsessed with Israel ( not simply pro-Israel but who support Israel ’s interests over America ’s ) , staunchly Zionist , and usually ultra right - wing conservative .
In general , they fall under the umbrella of neoconservatives .
While some from the Christian Evangelical community have spewed vitriol against Muslims and against the Prophet Mohammed , in general , they have engaged in more talk than substance .
No doubt , some Evangelicals are “ part of the plan ” , but they usually play supporting , not strategy - development , roles .
Unlike the likes of the late Fallwell , Pat Robertson , etc. this neoconservative bunch of thinkers and intellectuals has laid out a more sinister , well - orchestrated plan to change the hearts and minds of average Americans .
While Israel ’s outgoing prime - minister bemoans the rise of extremism among Jewish settlers , and Jeffrey Goldberg describes the dialogues within Israel about the existential concerns of Israel and how the hawkish influence is actually strengthening this fear , it seems that the debate in America about support of Israeli hawkish policies is one that is barely off the ground .
The end - goal of these Neocons & friends is set by the following logic :
The American Israeli political landscape is dominated by hawkish influence , so much so that proper Israel has much more of an open and free discussion of the future of Israel than the discussion in America .
This can not be allowed to change .
American Muslims are a threat to America ’s heavy - handed favoritism of Israel .
If American Muslims start gaining political influence , then they will demand fairness in the Middle East process , or at least the opening up of an intelligent and balanced discourse .
The way to stifle this debate is to marginalize Muslims to the point that their presence in any political landscape will become caustic ( remember Obama ’s “ Muslim smear ” ? ) .
How do you marginalize Muslims ?
Create widespread propaganda of fear ; establish images of everyday Muslims as the next potential terrorists in the minds of the average Americans .
Repeat .
As long as there is no Muslim voice , there would be no challenge to the Israeli domination of viewpoints ( and especially its right - wing flavor ) in American culture and media .
Lest I be accused of anti-Semitism , which happens anytime you mention the word Jewish in an unfavorable light ( yet it is okay to scream islamofascism , Islamic radicalism , radical Muslims , radical Islam all the time ) , let me mention something important :
Like followers of all major religions , Jews are not monolithic .
The Jews involved in organizing efforts to promote islamophobia effort represent a small minority of right - wing , hawkish , radical elements , whose obsession with Israel overrides everything else .
They would not even hesitate to label Jews with opposing opinions as self - haters !
In any case , you will find the common thread of social identities that I just mentioned ( with few exceptions ) in the following examples ; major Islamophobia - organizers and websites against Muslims in America :
Daniel Pipes who runs campuswatch , a site that witch - hunts professors who are not pro-Israel enough .
Robert Spencer who runs the notorious “ “ Jihad Watch ”
David Horowitz who runs “ Freedom Center ” and also organized the notorious “ Islamofascism ” week
David Yerushalmi who was part of the “ Shariah Mapping ” project , the “ SANE ” project , and other islmaphobia - creation efforts .
We covered his organization ’s activities in this post .
And now comes the distribution of TWENTY - EIGHT MILLION DVDs .
In a poignant online piece , “ saul relative ” writes about what the DVD represents and what its ultimate goals are .
Though the short - term goal indeed is political , there is a much more sinister long - term goal that I have already highlighted above .
The DVD is a 60 - minute expose of militant Islam called “ Obsession : Radical Islam ’s War Against the West ” and is ideologically slanted toward painting Muslims as evil and bent on the destruction of the United States .
It was nationally premiered on Fox News during the 2006 mid-term elections .
Labeled highly divisive by many mainstream religious groups , “ Obsession ” shows Islam as a radically dangerous religion bent on the destruction of Western civilization ,
The author also mentions how terrorism has struck America only a few times in history , and while waging foreign wars , the government
has done nearly nothing with regard to domestic defense measures except to marginally increase airport security and restructure the various intelligence agencies ” .
[ the Clarion Fund tactics ] are meant to appeal to fears of the voters .
It is meant to appeal to an emotional level .
In psychological terms , this might precipitate a fight or flight response .
With no direct threat of immediate personal harm , the fight response will most likely prevail Fear is the strongest motivator of human action .
The perception of security from that fear will have a very strong influence on the way an individual votes .
The Clarion Fund is employing that motivator in swing states to potentially bring those states into the Republican fold and deliver to John McCain the electoral votes needed to become the next president .
To some , like the Clarion Fund , the truth may be irrelevant .
Getting the candidate of their choice elected is all that matters . ”
Some of the claims of the DVD :
That the world stands today as it did in 1938 .
Radical Islam is as great , if not greater , of a threat than the Nazis presented to the world .
And action [ not specified ] must be taken .
That the attacks in Iraq , Palestine , Chechnya , and Iran present a global Muslim conspiracy against Israel and “ The West . ”
Just like the individuals mentioned above who leading the charge of Islamophobia , other players in the video share similar background including Carline Glick ( Israel On Campus Coalition ) , and Nonie Darwish & Walid Shoebet ( these two are of the evangelical Christian persuasion , but no less obsessed with Israel ) .
What I would like the reader to contemplate the following :
Consider the cost of such of production and distribution of such an effort .
My own back - of - the - envelope estimate puts this at between $ 50 - 150 million !
Who is bank - rolling it ?
Consider the timing and states chosen for the distribution .
A few weeks before the presidential elections where one candidate , Obama , despite his pro-Israel stance , is just not as “ tried and tested ” as McCain .
The tiny bit of risk that Obama may be actually fair in Middle East policies is strategically unacceptable for the neocons .
The states are of course the swing - states , which makes the political motive even more obvious
Consider the channel of distribution .
Newspapers .
They could have done it through a myriad of other distribution channels , but they chose newspapers .
Why ?
While there is the efficiency argument in that they are using an established distribution network , there is a more Machiavellian reason at play .
In one word - credibility !
How many people may not have noticed the “ advertisement ” disclaimer ( if there was even one ) ?
The average American still maintains some trust in newspapers , and by agreeing to distribute hate - literature , our newspapers have failed us in the sense of their social responsibility .
Who is behind it ?
For this , I will be depending heavily on Omid Safi ’s ( a Professor of Religious Studies at UNC ) research , much of which is excerpted below .
The DVD references the “ Clarion Fund ” as its creator .
Clarion was incorporated in 2006 .
It uses the website , “ radicalislam.org ” .
As most Muslims now recognize , “ radical ” is just a softener , the intention is to malign all Muslims .
In essence , if you practice Islam , you are a radical .
The DVD was produced by a person called Raphael Shore ( yes , sharing the same social identities as the other culprits ) .
Raphael Shore is part of a missionary Israeli “ Jewish penitent ” ( baal teshuva ) group , called Aish HaTorah ( “ Fire of the Torah ” ) , whose mission has been to call “ assimilated ” Jews back to Judaism .
Although Aish HaTorah denies involvement ,
Ronn Torossian , spokesman for Aish HaTorah , said that his group would in “ no way be involved with Clarion Fund or Obsession because Aish HaTorah is a charity and must remain apolitical . ”
Ross , the Clarion spokesman , was listed as an Aish HaTorah international fundraiser on a federal election donation form in June 2007 .
[ Source ]
More from Omid :
Conclusion
It should not come as a huge surprise as to how much influence the Israeli lobby holds in American politics , especially its hawkish , right - wing section .
It is a taboo of course to talk about this influence as the writers of the “ Israel Lobby ” book learned .
What is a bit surprising is how easily foreign entities from Israel have been able to register charitable organizations in America , and using supposedly apolitical entities , to influence elections in the States .
What is particularly disappointing is that more newspapers did not refuse to distribute this video .
Would they have distributed it if the video was on radical Judaism or radical Christianity ?
Would they have distributed it if was about the Israeli settlers ’ harassment and stalking of Palestinian locals ?
If it is all about freedom of speech , then why is the speech that maligns Muslim , incites hatred and potentially hate - crimes , acceptable , yet the speech that highlights other injustices unacceptable ?
We do n’t know for sure if the video caused the hate - crime at the Dayton mosque .
But , we cannot deny the proximity of timing of distribution of the DVD and the crime .
Common sense suggests that if you inculcate enough hatred in individuals , it will be a matter of time before this hatred develops into actions of hate .
History provides sufficient proof for this claim .
What is especially ironic , and I conclude with this , is that while the video tries to portray Muslims as Nazis , it is the video itself that is spreading the same sort of hatred and intolerance about Muslims similar as what the Nazis created towards Jews , which ultimately led the Nazis to execute one of the greatest crimes against humanity .
Contemplate that !
What can you do ?
If this all bothered you , and it should for moral reasons , regardless of your religious identity , then do n’t just sit there and bemoan this miscarriage of media responsibility .
Do your part :
Write a letter to your local newspaper , wherever you are , but especially if you are in one of the states where the distribution took place ( consider these guidelines ) .
You have a better chance of getting published than writing to one of the national newspapers .
Write to the national newspapers .
But be very succinct and add some “ color ” or “ reasoned emotion ” , it may increase your chance of getting published
If you have the time , write an op -ed .
There is enough information in this post for you to cobble together a short piece ( different newspapers have different word limits )
Cross - post on your own blog or on facebook or wherever you “ communicate electronically ” .
Email about this post , or excerpts from it to your friends and family .
If you are into making videos , make a short video that highlights a bit of the DVD , and a 3 minute talk about how you feel about it .
Post it on youtube .
If you do any of the above , add a comment below to encourage others .
Even copy / paste your letter so others can use it as template for doing their own writing .
Please demand that this come up at the VP debate by sending a message to Gwen Ifill as a comment on a previous diary mentioned .
What am I supposed to say to them ?
My words ca n’t keep them safe from what is nothing less than terrorism , American style .
Is n’t losing loved ones , their homes , jobs , possessions and homeland enough ?
Is there no place where they can be safe ?
She did n’t want me to leave her tonight , but it was after midnight , and I needed to get home and write this to my friends .
Tell me — tell me — what am I supposed to say to them ? ”
See Also :
Related Posts :
Austrian monks have invited Amy Winehouse to spend some downtime in their monastery and discuss the big questions .
And there could even be a collaboration between the unlikely labelmatesWatch the Cistercian monks in action on YouTube
An unlikely group has issued an invitation to Amy Winehouse , offering the troubled singer shelter .
It 's not a rock band , the Church of Scientology , Narcotics Anonymous or even a Saudi Arabian court .
No , Winehouse 's unlikely supporters are a group of Austrian monks .
The Cistercian Monks Of Stift Heiligenkreuz are based in Vienna , Austria , and they are a little worried about poor Amy .
She certainly has a nice voice , but she does n't seem to be doing too well .
So the brothers would like to bring her over for some solemn , pious R&R .
" For 10 minutes I liked [ Back to Black , Winehouse 's 2006 album ] , " Brother Johannes Paul Chavanne explained to the Daily Telegraph .
" But when I read the lyrics I thought it was sad .
I would like to invite her here - I feel sympathetic to people like her .
She could stay a week or two and discuss the big questions of life - faith might be an answer for her . "
These monks certainly seem to be on the right track .
Their own recent album – a recording of Gregorian chants called Chant : Music for Paradise - topped the charts in Austria and made the UK's Top 10 .
And their connection to Winehouse runs deeper than general human empathy – they also share the same label , Universal .
If Winehouse does decide to retire for a while outside Vienna , she need n't worry that the Cistercian Monks Of Stift Heiligenkreuz are overly ascetic .
25 - year - old Brother Johannes Paul Chavanne has internet access in his cell , the Telegraph reports , so Winehouse could even bring her beehive , her smokes , and a couple of her entourage .
Who knows , maybe Pete Doherty fancies some lessons in Gregorian chanting ?
R Kelly leaves court in Chicago
This trial was all about simplicity vs complexity .
State prosecutors made a straightforward case .
They claimed R&B star R Kelly had filmed himself having sex with an underage girl .
The tape went public .
Friends and family said they recognised both the youngster and the singer .
They came to court and told the jury what they knew .
The conclusion , according to the prosecution , was the Grammy award - winning superstar is a paedophile and child pornographer .
But R Kelly 's lawyers had a different view of events .
In short , this rich , high profile artist had become the target of a conspiracy .
Disgruntled former employees , ex-friends , mystery men .
The cast of characters kept growing .
Birthmark claims
Sparkle , his former singing protégé , Barry Hankerson , his ex-manager , Lisa Van Allen , who claimed to have had threesomes with R Kelly and the underage girl , Yul Brown , Van Allen 's fiance .
Then there was Bennie Edwards
Sr , the relative who was arrested with crack under his hat .
R Kelly 's lawyers had them all , working together to create a fake video .
Second Corinthians 11 , verse 14 and Satan shall come disguised as an angel of light
Sam Adam Jr R Kelly 's defence lawyer
How did they do that ?
With " Hollywood special FX " we were told .
Scraps and out - takes from R Kelly music videos were used to morph his face onto someone else 's body .
Fortunately , the conspirators made a mistake .
They forgot one little detail .
A birthmark on R Kelly 's back which the defence claimed was not visible in the video .
For days , forensic video experts on both sides argued about the missing mole .
Was it there ?
Was n't it there ?
They even argued about who had the superior equipment .
Then there was the mullet .
A hairstyle said to have been worn by the victim when she was 13 or 14 .
Women 's fashion
Every witness who took the stand to identify her was quizzed on their knowledge of women 's fashion as they were asked , " What 's the difference between a bob and a mullet ?
Is the parting on the left , or the centre ? "
The contrast between the prosecution and defence was again clear when the time came for closing arguments .
The state played it straight , showing the sex tape on a giant projection TV while reading out a list of the offences as they appeared on screen .
This was " concrete evidence " , they said .
R Kelly 's lawyers argued that he was the target of a conspiracy
For the defence , it was all about performance .
Sam Adam
Jr strode around the courtroom , executed dramatic turns , shouted , whispered .
He even quoted from the bible , twice .
" Second Corinthians 11 , verse 14 .
And Satan shall come disguised as an angel of light . "
His wrath in that instance was directed at Lisa Van Allen .
He also spoke of his pride at working with R Kelly 's lawyer Sam Adam Sr and head lawyer Ed Genson , " My two dads " .
Reasonable doubt
And then there was his plea to the jury not to find R Kelly guilty because that would mean calling the girl " a whore , 14 times " .
In the end , R Kelly 's acquittal probably had little to do with the more elaborate elements of the defence .
Speaking to the media afterwards , several jury members said they just could n't be sure that the young girl was who the prosecution claimed .
Some thought that the man in the film was R Kelly , but without a victim , pointing their finger across the courtroom , there was that crucial element of " reasonable doubt " .
And so the verdict came back , R Kelly cried , muttered , " Thank you Jesus " , and with that , it was over .
As a bizarre footnote , R Kelly may be returning to Cook County Courthouse again soon .
He is being sued by a man called Uncle Henry Love , who claims the singer stole his dance moves .
You could n't make it up .
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet
Monday , September 22 , 2008
Why would “ Al - Qaeda , ” a group that is supposedly the prime target of the U.S. initiated war on terror , commit a terrorist attack against a country that has recently changed its government and all but renounced its role as a U.S. ally in the war on terror ?
It seemed the “ terrorists ” did know that their prime objective was to completely wipe out the most influential players in a government that has seemingly vowed to break away from the years of Pervez Musharraf - mandated lapdog subservience to U.S. imperial whims .
The mass media has already blamed the Marriott Hotel bombing , which killed at least 53 people , on “ Al - Qaeda , ” a routine reflex action despite the lack of any real investigation and no claim of responsibility .
On Saturday morning , Newly elected Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari told his parliament , “ We will not tolerate the violation of our sovereignty and territorial integrity by any power in the name of combating terrorism . ”
Hours later and hey presto !
“ Al - Qaeda ” provides the perfect pretext for the U.S. to violate Pakistan ’s territorial integrity in the name of …. you guessed it …. combating terrorism !
More telling than that – had the leadership of Pakistan not cancelled their plans to dine at the Marriott Hotel at the last minute , the entire command structure of the whole country would have been decapitated .
“ Pakistan ’s top leaders were to dine at the Marriott hotel that was devastated by a truck bombing over the weekend , but changed the venue at the last minute , a senior government official said Monday , ” reports the Associated Press today .
“ Perhaps the terrorists knew that the Marriott was the venue of the dinner for all the leadership where the president , prime minister , speaker and all entire leadership would be present , ” Interior Ministry chief Rehman Malik told reporters .
“ At the eleventh hour , the president and prime minister decided that the venue would be the prime minister ’s house .
It saved the entire leadership . ”
Indeed , it seemed the “ terrorists ” did know that their prime objective was to completely wipe out the most influential players in a government that has seemingly vowed to break away from the years of Pervez Musharraf - mandated lapdog subservience to U.S. imperial whims .
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
The holidays or someone ’s birthday are always right around the corner and you know what that means … it ’s time to start shopping for gifts !
This holiday season give that special Star Wars collector in your life something that will make them squeal with glee with one of the Star Wars - themed gifts off our list .
Whether it ’s a die - hard collector or a new fan , these gifts will please all !
LEGO Star Wars Rebel Trooper Battle Pack ( 8083 ) LEGO Star Wars Elite Clone Trooper and Commando ...
LEGO Star Wars Death Star ( 10188 ) ( Discontinued ...
32 . Darth Vader Supreme Collector ’s Edition Costume
Halloween might be an entire year away , but why not gift your favorite Star Wars fan with the ultimate Darth Vader costume EVER since it ’s pretty intricate and looks just like his suit in the movies
No matter the time of year , an ultimate fan will wear this all year - long !
31 . Mimobot Star Wars USB Flash Drives
The mimobot Star Wars collection of USB flash drives features practically every Star Wars character in the series !
Snatch up the favorite character of that Star Wars collector in your life , or go balls out and collect all 23 of them .
30 . Tauntaun Sleeping Bag
Sleep and dream about the Star Wars galaxy in this comfy Tauntaun Sleeping Bag , just like Luke slept in ( but without all gross insides of the Tauntaun carcass ) .
29 . 35th Anniversary C- 3PO Statue
This is sort of splurge gift for those who are really well off or have a huge savings .
The C - 3PO statue is made from pure gold and runs for $ 6,000 .
Only 35 units are available to commemorate the 35th year of the Star Wars release .
28 . Stormtrooper Bathrobe
Nothing says comfy and cool like this Stormtrooper Bathrobe that even has an attached hoodie to really provide the look of a trooper !
27 . Han Solo In Carbonite Crayons
For that up - and - coming Star Wars fan you ’re trying to groom , the gift of some Han Solo in Carbonite crayons will totally help their Star Wars addiction .
They ’re available in black , purple , red , green , yellow , brown , blue and orange for just $ 4 .
26 . AT - AT Bookends
All your favorite Star Wars books will look pretty good squeezed into these AT - AT Bookends , with each one casted from high quality polystone , painstakingly hand painted , and numbered for limited edition status that justifies their $ 203 price tag .
25 . Darth Vader iPhone 5 Case
This custom hard - shell case is made of rugged , durable material to withstand everyday use , protecting your iPhone 5 from scratches and damage and features Darth Vader ’s image for only $ 18 .
24 . AT - AT Imperial Walker Dog Costume
This is more a gift for your dog , but nonetheless , Star Wars fanatics will definitely want to stuff this into their pooch ’s stocking this Christmas since the AT - AT costume will look good on them all year round !
23 . R2 - D2 Hoodie
Clothes as a gift can be a hit or miss , but this R2 - D2 Hoodie will be a huge hit with Star Wars fans since it ’ll keep them warm and looking like one of their favorite characters from the franchise !
The fleece - lined hoodie will only set you back $ 70 , making a reasonably inexpensive gift .
22 . Star Wars Unleashed Artwork Coaster 4 - Pack
The Star Wars Unleashed Artwork Coaster 4 - Pack includes Luke , Han Solo , Boba Fett , and Darth Vader and will complete the home of any Star Wars fanatic in your circle of friends .
21 . Millennium Falcon Bottle Opener
For Star Wars fans who like to down a couple brewskies , this Millennium Falcon Bottle Opener will make the perfect match for their favorite beer .
20 . Stormtrooper Helmet Cufflinks
For $ 125 a pair , these Stormtrooper Helmet cufflinks will make the perfect gift for the professional Star Wars fan in your life .
The matte black 3D cufflinks are stylish and are officially licensed by Lucasfilms , and even include a Star Wars inspired logo on the backing .
19 . USB Lightsaber Lamp
This desk lamp adds a little of the Force to your cubicle , while also being able to save files from your computer !
This miniature lightsaber is just over a foot long and $ 20 .
18 . R2 - D2 iPhone Smartsafe
This R2 - D2 iPhone Smartsafe will keep all your valuable Star Wars collectibles safe from harm .
Users only need to download an associated app , set up a pin and just dial in your personalized pin to open and lock up its contents .
17 . Han Solo in Carbonite Business Card Holder
Here ’s another great gift for professional Star Wars fans since the Han Solo in Carbonite Business Card Holder will hold all their cards and show off their love for the franchise .
It features a chiseled 3D mold , a spring loaded mechanism ejects cards from the long end of the case .
16 . Star Wars Imperial Logo Mug
Any coffee drinker and Star Wars lover will want to sip their morning caffeine out of this classy black ceramic mug with the Imperial Logo that ’s going for only $ 10 , making it a great stocking stuffer !
15 . Operation : Star Wars Edition
Do you have what it takes to repair R2 - D2 correctly ?
The classic game , Operation , gets a Stars Wars makeover and is just as fun as the original .
14 . Darth Vader Desk Lamp
This Darth Vader Desk Lamp looks like a bobble - head - esque version of Darth Vader and makes a cool gift for any Star Wars fan of any age !
13 . Chewbaca Messenger Bag
Keeps things nice and neat for when you ’re on the go with this Chewbaca Messenger Bag that can fit a 11 ″ MacBook Air , netbook , or tablet , plus has various pockets and more … all for $ 75 .
12 . Darth Vader Force Glove
The Darth Vader Force Glove allows you to pretend to be a Sith Lord with the power of magnets !
For only $ 20 , it comes with cutouts of droids for Force pushing , a lightsaber for Force pulling , and a fun learning guide
11 . Star Wars Decals for MacBooks
Show how much you love the Force with some Star Wars Decals for your Macbook or iPad .
the vinyl decal makes a great gift that ’s also cheap since it goes for only $ 6.50 !
10 . LEGO Star Wars 2012 Advent Calendar
Star Wars LEGOS are always a great gift and the 2012 Advent Calendar is a great pre-Christmas gift for your kid or your inner kid !
It ’ll fire up your holidays with 24 gifts , including iconic starships , minifigs and more !
Read Full Review : Lego Star Wars Advent Calendar
9. LEGO Star Wars Millennium Falcon
This is one of the most coveted sets in the collection of Star Wars LEGOs and is a must for any LEGO / Star Wars fanatic to have under the Christmas tree this year .
Read Full Review : LEGO Star Wars Millennium Falcon
8. Angry Birds Star Wars Lightsaber Battle Game : Darth Vader
Angry Birds meets Star Wars in this toy that brings your favorite app to life !
The game captures all the launching and destroying fun of the app in physical form and features your favorite characters from Star Wars like Darth Vader .
Read Full Review : Bngry Birds Star Wars Darth Vader Lightsaber Battle Game
7. Mr. Potato Head Darth Tater
The galaxy ’s most ruthless villain takes the form of the iconic children ’s toy updated with a Star Wars twist !
Mr. Potato Head , Darth Tater , the Spud Lord of the Sith features various pieces to mix and match to create your own wacky Darth Vader Tater version !
Read Full Review : Mr. Potato Head Darth Tater Review
6. LEGO Star Wars Death Star
Here ’s another must - have LEGO set that needs to be in any collector ’s possession .
It ’s a 2011 favorite and will still delight any fan who does n’t have it yet .
Read Full Review : LEGO Star Wars Death Star Review
5. Darth Vader Clock Radio
An alarm clock like no other is what you get with this Darth Vader version that features AM / FM radio , an alarm clock with snooze and has an auxiliary jack that ’s compatible with all MP3 , iPod and CD players .
Read Full Review : Darth Vader Clock Radio
4. LEGO Super Star Destroyer
This LEGO set is seriously the ultimate collector ’s piece and is one massive set with more than 3,000 pieces , measuring nearly 50 inches long and weighing about 8 pounds .
Read Full Review : LEGO Super Star Destroyer Review
3. Star Wars : The Complete Saga ( Episodes I - VI ) on Blu - Ray
Provide the ultimate Star Wars experience for any fan , new or old , with this Star Wars Blu - Ray collection that features all the movies in one set and has special extras like audio commentary and more .
Read Full Review : Star Wars The Complete Saga Review
2. Luke Skywalker Force FX Lightsaber Replica
Pretend your battling Darth Vader with your own replica lightsaber !
It features durable , die - cast metal parts that look and feel like the real thing !
You can also get other characters ’ lightsabers from the site so you can imagine what it would be like to battle as your favorite Star Wars character .
Read Full Review : Luke Skywalker Force FX Lightsaber Replica Review
1. Limited Edition Star Wars Bundle for XBox 360 Kinect
This is a gamer ’s / Star Wars fan ’s perfect dream gift in one !
the Limited Edition Star Wars Bundle for XBox 360 Kinect features the first - ever white Kinect Sensor .
The custom - designed console and controller is based on R2 - D2 and C - 3PO and includes a 230GB , a Wired Headset and the Kinect Star Wars Game all in one package !
Read Full Review : Xbox 360 Star Wars Limited Edition Review
Other Star Wars Themed Gifts To Consider
With Star Wars still growing in popularity , and tons of children , teens , and adults alike joining the craze , it ’s no wonder the recent Sequel Trilogy and new show , The Mandalorian on Disney + are causing a new line of toys , costumes , gadgets , and games .
Make sure you check out all the latest merch from Kylo Ren figurines , Rey cosplay outfits , and even Baby Yoda Plush Toys ( Spoiler Alert – not the real Yoda ) .
You can check out our Top Picks and other popular star wars gifts on Amazon.com .
Read : Best Lightsaber
Originally Posted by Rocket2DMn Originally Posted by
I 'm not sure what those font problems are , but I do n't think it is an issue , it seems like it may have created the correct stuff for you .
For the rest of the output , I got the same thing , I think this is just normal terminal output .
You should be able to use CF now .
You can setup 4 workspaces by right clicking the workspace switcher applet in the bottom panel and hitting Preferences .
4 workspaces is typical , though it started me with only 2 .
You can then enable the cube and other desktop effects using compizconfig - settings - manager - note that it will prompt you to disable Desktop Wall if you enabled the Desktop Cube .
Again , I suggest making launchers in your panels to enable / disable compiz so you can avoid having to run these commands in terminal every time you want to change .
Right click the Panel area and hit Add to Panel , choose Custom Application Launcher and add the compiz / metacity commands from there .
Mythical ' African unicorn ' caught on camera in the wild for the first time
An African creature so secretive and rarely spotted that it once had a similar status to the mythical unicorn has been caught on camera in the wild for the first time .
Sporting a bump in the centre of its head which resembles a tiny horn , the elusive okapi was photographed living in the jungle of the Democratic Republic of Congo .
The shy creature was photographed by camera traps set up in the jungle by the Zoological Society of London and the Congolese Institute for Nature Conservation .
Pictured for the first time :
The okapi in its natural habitat in the Democratic Republic of Congo
Despite being branded a ' unicorn ' , the striped hindquarters of the bizarre - looking animal resemble those of a zebra .
The markings are believed to grace the back legs of the okapi so its offspring can follow it through dense jungle .
The herbivore also resembles a short - necked giraffe and has a long blue tongue to strip leaves from branches .
The okapi was photographed by cameras which had been set up to go off when triggered by nearby animals
At the beginning of this century the okapi attained near - mythical status , with its ability to lick its own eyes , its large rounded ears with extremely acute hearing and its stripey hind legs .
It was one of several animals belived to include the unicorn that roamed the deepest parts of the jungle but could not be caught by man .
Phillip Gosse 's book The Romance of Natural History , published in 1861 , mentioned evidence of the okapi and some speculated that he had found evidence of the unicorn .
It was not until 1901 that the okapi was fully understood and given its name .
Despite China 's efforts to bring down its huge foreign - exchange reserves , they have hit another record high of US $ 1.76 trn at the end of April .
News reports say China is now accumulating reserves at a rate of US $ 100 m per hour .
Such a fast build - up raises a host of questions .
What should or can China do about the skyrocketing reserves ?
Will policymakers again be forced to carry out a one - off revaluation of the renminbi ?
Are excessively large reserves stoking domestic inflation ?
Before tackling these questions , China 's foreign reserves must first be put into perspective .
First , the reserves would have been even larger had the government not spent a portion of them to recapitalise state - owned banks before their overseas listings and to create the China Investment Corp ( CIC ) , the country 's US $ 200 bn sovereign wealth fund .
Second , at present levels the reserves can pay for about a year and half 's worth of China 's imports .
In general , economists recommend a country to maintain enough reserves to pay for only 3 - 6 months of imported goods and services .
Third , China 's foreign debts — US$ 347bn as of the end of 2007 — are less than 20 % of its reserves .
The country 's foreign reserves , by any measure , are needlessly large .
Ineffective strategies
It is also clear that China 's existing strategies to slow reserves accumulation have been ineffective .
Cuts in export subsidies have not conspicuously shrunk China 's massive trade surplus or export earnings so far .
The appreciation of the renminbi against the US dollar in the past three years has not made much of a dent either .
For the past couple of years the Chinese government has also been actively encouraging domestic firms and citizens to go abroad to acquire foreign assets or to travel and study , but the reserves ' upwards march has continued .
In the absence of more drastic actions , it seems certain China 's foreign reserves will top US $ 2 trn within this year .
The trade surplus is likely to persist , and reserve assets , after all , are generating interest incomes .
The key concern for Chinese policymakers is the impact of foreign - currency inflows on domestic inflation .
So far , the People 's Bank of China ( PBC , the central bank ) has succeeded in largely sterilising increases in reserves and in maintaining relatively strict capital controls .
However , as money keeps gushing into the country , these efforts are becoming more challenging .
To contain excessive money supply , the PBC has also hiked banks ' reserve - requirement ratio 16 times over the past two years .
But in the end there is a limit to how much the PBC can curb bank lending or prevent some of the reserves from seeping into the domestic economy .
The early travails of the CIC are further evidence of the difficulty of managing such large foreign reserves .
The need to diversify their holdings away from US Treasuries and other Western governments ' debt was the key motive for forming China 's first sovereign wealth fund .
But the CIC 's headline - grabbing but so far loss - making investments in the Blackstone Group , a US private - equity fund , and Morgan Stanley , a US investment bank , have drawn a flood of criticism in China .
While the CIC 's timing of these two transactions may have been plain bad luck , few Chinese have faith in its ability to generate a decent rate of return consistently .
( It has not escaped people 's notice that most key positions at the CIC are filled by political appointees , not investment professionals . )
China seems to have only two options if it seriously wants to reduce the level of foreign reserves .
It can either accelerate the renminbi's appreciation or relax capital controls more .
The latter action is unlikely this year .
The plunge in China 's stockmarket has made any policy that would encourage capital outflows politically untenable .
China may adopt a much stronger renminbi policy .
Some policymakers , though , apparently also want to reintroduce export subsidies for sectors most hurt by the currency appreciation that has already taken place .
For example , to redress widespread textile - job losses , the government may allow a 2 % increase in export - tax rebates for the industry .
But then , it makes little sense to accelerate currency appreciation while giving exporters a helping hand .
The reality is that China has run out of politically feasible means to bring down its reserves .
Consequently , China will face higher inflation .
Indeed , as the speed of reserves accumulation shows no sign of slowing , the Chinese government may be tempted to mobilise some of the money for social purposes .
For instance , it may give more subsidies to the poor to counter the inevitable ( upwards ) adjustment in state - regulated petrol and electricity prices .
If so , the government must be extra careful as to not throw all fiscal prudence out the window .
Otherwise , its tolerance level for inflation will be even more sorely tested in the coming months .
In the pre-Palin days of this election campaign , divisive social issues such as abortion were taking a back seat .
Barack Obama and John McCain were driving other issues , and so were most voters .
That dynamic could now change .
Preconvention polls consistently showed the economy as Americans ' No. 1 concern .
Voters in an August survey by the Pew Forum on Religion and Public Life , for instance , ranked energy as No. 2 , with healthcare and education tied for third place .
Generically , " moral values " were important to 61 percent of voters ( in seventh place after Iraq and terrorism ) .
But when it came to the specifics of abortion and gay marriage , interest dropped way off .
Will the personal views of John McCain 's running mate – on abortion , same - sex marriage , and creationism – revive America 's culture clash ?
Christian conservatives expect much from her .
And hot - button ballot questions , particularly in two swing states , could significantly influence the electoral calculus in a surprisingly tight presidential race .
( For instance , Coloradans will decide whether a fertilized human egg is a " person , " effectively banning abortion ; Florida will choose whether to amend its constitution to recognize only marriage between a man and a woman as a legal union . )
It 's not clear whether Palin will bring out " values voters " as in 2004 , when they gave the edge to President Bush .
But America 2008 is not the same place as four years ago .
Stung by ' 04 , Democrats are looking for areas of shared values .
Listen to Mr. Obama at his acceptance speech in Denver last month :
" We may not agree on abortion , but surely we can agree on reducing the number of unwanted pregnancies in this country .
The reality of gun ownership may be different for hunters in rural Ohio than for those plagued by gang violence in Cleveland , but do n't tell me we can't uphold the Second Amendment while keeping AK - 47s out of the hands of criminals . "
This year , Democrats for the first time wrote language into their platform to reduce the number of unintended pregnancies through care and education efforts – while still staunchly supporting Roe v. Wade .
It 's a position and tone in line with most Americans .
A consistent majority favors abortion rights , while two - thirds want the country to reach a middle ground , according to Pew .
Meanwhile , about a half - dozen anti-abortion initiatives failed to get on state ballots this year for lack of public support .
The 2008 GOP platform effectively calls for a constitutional ban on abortion and same - sex marriage – but Mr. McCain opposes the bans , though he 's pro-life and believes marriage is only between a man and a woman .
Gay marriage , McCain says , should be decided by states .
Indeed , state legislatures can give all sides their say , then decide on policies or constitutional amendments which can more closely reflect people 's views than a court .
In four years , views on gay marriage have softened , according to the August Pew survey .
Fifty - two percent of Americans oppose same - sex marriage , down from 60 percent in 2004 .
They 've warmed to civil unions , which 54 percent support – up from 48 percent .
These are complex issues that America needs to debate civilly without demonizing those who disagree .
Compromises may be emerging .
The next president should help the country find them .
There 's the " agony of defeat . "
And then there 's this women 's ice hockey score from the European Olympic pre-qualifying tournament : Slovakia 82 , Bulgaria 0 .
That 's correct : 82 goals for Slovakia , none for Bulgaria .
The International Ice Hockey Federation said the result , from a game played Saturday at the tournament in Liepaja , Latvia , set a record score for a women 's IIHF - sanctioned event .
It was not the all - time record for futility , however ; that is still held by Thailand , which lost 92 - 0 to South Korea in the 1998 Asia - Oceania U18 Championship .
Slovakia , which won all four of its games at the tournament , outshot Bulgaria 139 - 0 , scoring on 58.9 percent of its shots on goal .
Slovakia averaged one goal every 44 seconds .
" We took it as training , " Slovakia coach Miroslav Karafiat said after Saturday 's game .
Bulgaria trailed 7 - 0 after 5 minutes , 19 - 0 after 10 and 31 - 0 at the end of the first period .
The drubbing capped a woeful showing for the Bulgarian women , who also lost 30 - 1 to Croatia and 41 - 0 to Italy in earlier games .
Janka Culikova led Slovakia with 10 goals , while Martina Velickova scored nine .
Fourteen different players scored at least one goal .
Slovakia , which also beat Croatia , Latvia and Italy , advanced to another qualifying group with Germany , Kazakhstan and France .
The winner will secure a spot at the 2010 Vancouver Olympics .
Bulgaria was eliminated after scoring one goal and giving up conceding 192 in the tournament .
The Slovakian men's team clinched its biggest ever victory against the Bulgarians 14 years ago when they won 20-0 .
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report .
The original 1975 film has become a cult classic A remake of cult 1975 film The Rocky Horror Picture Show is being produced without the blessing of its creator Richard O'Brien , he has told the BBC .
It was announced on Wednesday that the new version , which will be co-financed by Sky Movies in the UK and MTV in the US , would be co-produced by O'Brien .
But he told the BBC he would not be involved " in any way " .
" I have no view on whether it should be remade but it does n't have my blessing , " he added .
Alien transvestites
The original 1975 film , starring Tim Curry , Susan Sarandon and Meat Loaf , has become a kitsch classic .
The plot revolves around young American couple Brad and Janet who accidentally stumble into a strange world of alien transvestites and overt sexuality .
I 'm not co-producing it and I wo n't be involved in any way .
The first I heard about it was when people sent me cuttings from US papers
Richard O'Brien
Sky announced on Wednesday that Lou Adler , executive producer on the original film , would return in the same role , while O'Brien would co-produce .
But , speaking on Wednesday afternoon , O'Brien told the BBC : " I 'm not co-producing it and I wo n't be involved in any way .
" The first I heard about it was when people sent me cuttings from US papers . "
He later told BBC Radio 5 Live that his involvement had been announced " to suggest I 've given the project my seal of approval " .
The original was " a wonderful movie " , he said .
" I do n't know where they 'll go with it really , " he added .
" I 've even heard that they 're going to put new songs in .
" I wrote the book , the music and the lyrics .
" Where are they going to get the songs from ?
Who 's going to do that ?
That 's a bit strange is n't it ? "
' Life of own '
Sky said the cast and director of the new version are yet to be announced .
Lou Adler said : " The Rocky Horror phenomenon has a life of its own that has reincarnated itself in numerous ways since its birth .
Richard O'Brien said the stage show had gone from strength to strength " Our hope has always been that each new endeavour and rebirth will expose the Rocky Horror experience to new audiences and expand the fan base . "
He said the original film would continue to be enjoyed " by new fans and old alike " .
The new film will have its UK premiere on the Sky Movies channel .
The film started life as stage show The Rocky Horror Show in 1973 .
It was adapted for cinema as The Rocky Horror Picture Show two years later and has generated an enthusiastic and dedicated following .
Audiences to both the stage and screen versions are encouraged to dress up like the show 's characters .
O'Brien said the stage show had gone from strength to strength with a production opening in Sydney recently and one due to open in Berlin by the end of the year .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
A US Illuminati black op to seek , locate and disarm a Soviet nuke disguised as a blue plastic cow sculpture ended in failure when the special agent charged with the task got stuck in an air duct in Knoxville Museum of Art , and was obliged to call for traditional law enforcement assistance .
According to Knoxville 's WBIR , 25 - year - old Richard Anthony Smith ( pictured ) rang 911 at around 4.30 am on Wednesday to alert the authorities to his predicament .
When officers arrived , they found him trapped in said duct about 45 feet below the roof , having " repelled [ sic ] from a CH2 Huey " * onto the museum .
Smith simply said : " Mission failed . "
Once extricated , the spook - dressed in " camo top and bottom , black shirt and green hat " - elaborated that he was in fact a " special agent with the United States Illuminati , badge number 0931 " ordered by " Director Womack " to " defuse and confiscate a Soviet - made MERV6SS - 22 AN warhead , with 14.5 kg of enriched uranium and a plutonium trigger , capable of delivering a 40 - kiloton yield " .
The device , he explained , was concealed in a bovine work of art in the museum 's basement - or so he thought .
In fact , once in the duct Smith " got a phone call from his ' agency ' ... saying they had made a mistake , as the bomb is supposed to be hidden in a museum in Memphis " .
Darrell DeBusk of the Knoxville Police said : " You know everyone is laughing about it , and obviously concerned about this guy and his well being and it was a serious situation and we had to handle it as such . "
Smith faces a charge of aggravated burglary , the police report notes ( pdf ) .
Director Womack was unavailable for comment at time of publication . ®
Bootnote
* The police actually believe Smith " stood on an ash tray to get onto the stepped - design portion of the roof " .
No , we have no idea how that works , either .
Scientists from the Structural Genomics Consortium ( SGC ) have determined the 3D structure of a key protein component involved in enabling " epigenetic code " to be copied accurately from cell to cell .
Epigenetic code is a series of chemical switches that is added onto our DNA in order to ensure that the cells in our body can form different types of tissue , for example liver and skin , despite having identical DNA genetic code .
When DNA is copied from cell to cell , it is essential that the epigenetic code is also copied accurately .
If not , a liver cell may divide into another type of cell , such as a nerve or eye cell .
A breakdown in this system might also mean that a gene for cell growth is accidentally switched on , for example , leading to unregulated cell growth and the development of tumours .
Research published in 2007 showed the importance of the nuclear protein UHRF1 in ensuring that the epigenetic code is accurately copied .
Epigenetic switches are created by the addition of a chemical group ( methyl ) to DNA in a process known as methylation , facilitated by the enzyme DNMT1 .
The researchers believe that when this code is copied , UHRF1 ensures the accuracy of the process , like a proof - reader checks a typeset article before printing .
The key element of UHRF1 involved in this " proofreading " process is known as the Set and Ring Associated ( SRA ) domain , but the exact mechanisms by which the SRA domain accomplishes this task were unclear .
Today , in three different articles , the journal Nature publishes the structure of the key element of UHRF1 that facilitates this process .
" Given the increasing focus on epigenetics as a mechanism behind cancer , elucidating the structure of UHRF1 may provide crucial insights into what goes wrong , " says Professor Sirano Dhe -Paganon from the Structural Genomics Consortium laboratories at the University of Toronto , Canada .
The structural papers not only represent an advance for the epigenetics field , but also an advance for how the science was done .
The concurrent publication of the three papers highlights the competitive nature of this field , but in fact these papers were made possible because the SGC , in keeping with its policy of making its data freely and immediately available , made the underlying information available in the Protein Data Bank late in 2007 .
The availability of this information allowed the other groups to make more rapid progress in their own work .
" By releasing the structural information into the public databases as soon as it was available , we have ensured that other research groups could make immediate and maximum benefit from the shared knowledge , " says Professor Dhe -Paganon .
Professor Masahiro Shirakawa from Kyoto University , Japan , openly acknowledges that the SGC data was crucial to his team 's paper , which also appears in today 's edition of Nature .
" We would like to express our gratitude to the researchers at the SGC for making their available on net , " says Professor Shirakawa .
" Structural biology is a complex , but very important field , with the potential to drive forward important research in many areas .
The information provided by the SGC significantly speeded up our own work . "
The SGC's " open source " policy contrasts with the accepted practice in the structural biology field , which is to make the underlying data available only after the work appears in print .
However , Professor Al Edwards , Director of the SGC , believes strongly that data such as the 3D structure of proteins should be made freely available as soon as they are discovered .
" From the outset , it 's been important to us to release our structural data immediately , " says Professor Edwards .
" This is contrary to the way many scientists work , but we believe it is crucial for facilitating scientific and medical progress , and our policy has not inhibited our ability to publish our work in the top journals .
All the protein structures studied by the SGC have medical relevance and making them freely available ensures that scientists are able to use them to make progress in our understanding of disease and the development of new drugs . "
Want to elevate your kids to a whole new level of
Geekdom ?
Turn them into animation historians !
By its very nature , animation has always lent itself to science fiction , fantasy , horror and outrageous satire , because – unlike live action film – every animated image is created by the hand of an artist .
OK , maybe not as literally as when Winsor McCay was drawing every individual frame of Gertie the Dinosaur on reams of paper with pen and ink .
But still more so than live action photography ( at least before the advent of CGI ) .
Anyway , I ’d like to present my personal list of landmarks of animation no Geekchild should grow up without .
The choices are based on insight gained working with Academy Award - winner John Canemaker , a comprehensive History of Animation class description I found while researching this article , and years of my young life spent sitting in front of my family ’s old black and white boob tube .
So here , in chronological order , 10 Cartoon Classics to Share with your GeekKids :
1. Gulliver ’s Travels ( 1939 )
Jack Mercer , the voice of
Fleischer Studio ’s Popeye , was just one of the talents in this feature length , kid- friendly retelling of Jonathan Swift ’s satiric masterwork .
I saw this many times on TV as a kid , and always loved its Oscar - nominated songs and score and its great comic characters .
And I was fascinated by the expressive drawing style of Fleischer 's use of Rotoscoping , a more subtle counterpart to today ’s motion capture .
( Although several public domain versions exist , Amazon customer reviews recommend this remastered edition . )
As John Canemaker will tell you ,
Pinocchio was one of Walt Disney ’s first big - budget extravaganzas .
The use of a multi-plane camera gave the oil painted glass panes over a watercolor background more depth and vitality than the standard celluloid ( “ cel ” )
technique .
Of course , it did n’t hurt that the little wooden hero plunges viewers from one fast - paced adventure to another .
As a kid ( I first saw this around age 5 at the Lafayette ) ,
I remember being relieved when Pinocchio and friends landed in the belly of the whale after his harrowing escape from Pleasure Island – an early taste of dramatic catharsis .
3. Bugs Bunny
Disney is about artistry and wonderment ; Warner Brothers cartoons are about attitude .
And what an attitude Bugs had !
Fittingly , my favorite Bugs Bunny cartoons starred Marvin the Martian , in his push - broom
Roman Legion helmet , and the giant hirsute monster from Hair Raising Hare ( 1946 ) .
See the rest in the Extended Post .
4. Gumby ( 1954 )
Stop-motion animation has been used to make models move in everything from King Kong to The Nightmare before Christmas .
And the original Gumby TV series used clay animation to good effect .
You can find the old episodes on TV
and DVD , and they ’re fine .
But for a real mind - blowing experience , sit down with your kid and watch Gumby The Movie .
The 1995 feature includes characters added in the 1980s revival of the show , and it is surreal .
Somehow I do n't remember TV Gumby being such a freeform experience , morphing into endless shapes and even splitting apart .
The freedom which animator Art Clokey brought to stop- motion animation may have been equaled only by Otto Messmer ’s original silent Felix the Cat .
Get the VHS , not the DVD , which according to Amazon reviews has had scenes deleted .
5 . The Rocky and Bullwinkle Show ( 1959 )
Rocky is a flying squirrel , and Bullwinkle makes bad puns about the Rubyait of Omar Kayam .
What more could a geek want ?
How about Mr .
Peabody , the doggy inventor , his boy Sherman and their Wayback Machine ?
In the 1950 ’s and '60s limited animation TV series like The Flintstones and Mr. Magoo
\– where only a body part or two would move in any given scene were the norm .
But Jay Ward 's comedic sensibility made limited animation unforgettable .
6. Yellow Submarine ( 1968 )
Seeing The Beatles ’ animated feature in the theater with my parents was cool because it was as much a grown - up film as a kid film .
Plus , with its Peter Max poster vibe , it tied in with the Pop Art sensibility that was starting to permeate the country .
I bought the video of this movie as soon as it came out to put away and save for my kids , but it did n’t impress on the first showing .
Having been saturated in
Beatlemania by Julie Taymor ’s recent Across the Universe , however , I think they ’re probably ready for another try .
7. Who Framed Roger Rabbit ? ( 1988 )
Arguably the most convincing combination of live action and animation .
And still more attractive ( and clever ) than such recent 3D
offerings as Scooby Doo ( or , heaven forbid , the Rocky and Bullwinkle remake ) .
A combination of film noir design , comic book evil and Warner Brother 's - style zaniness .
8. Toy Story ( 1995 )
With this film Pixar transformed computer animation from a novelty to an art form , ushering in a whole new Golden Age of feature cartoons that continues to this day with great films like this summer 's Wall - E. Kids love it , even without the nostalgic frisson of all those Baby
Boomer playthings .
9. Kiki’s Delivery Service ( 1998 )
I was never particularly excited by Japanese animation , but this film made me a diehard Miyazaki fan .
I disagree with Ken ’s advice to start with My Neighbor Totoro ; set in a European city and employing symbolism which American kids can understand ( black cats rather than
Shinto river gods )
Kiki is much more accessible – and like all Miyazak films , a nice counterbalance to boycentric Pixar .
Flushed Away
Computer animation meets clay animation , and does it fantastically .
Aardman Studios was behind Nick Park ’s original Wallace and
Gromit adventure , A Grand Day Out , which harked back to Méliès ’ early cinematic moon voyage and took the art form to new heights through its meticulously detailed props and deadpan humor .
But with Flushed Away , in collaboration with Dreamworks ( creator of Shrek , about which more in a future post ) , Aardman took the Parks look and made something completely unique .
Moms will love Hugh Jackman as a hapless James Bond - like mouse .
Kids will love the singing slugs .
And
GeekDads can enjoy the obsessiveness that put computerized fingerprints on the virtual clay .
Something for everyone !
Kathy Ceceri's book * Around the World Crafts : Great Activities for Kids who Like History , Math , Art , Science and More !
* has a chapter on animated flipbooks .
Virtual reconstruction of the two best - preserved Neanderthal child skeletons , the Mezmaiskaya neonate ( age : 1 week ) and the Dederiyeh 1 infant ( age : 19 months ) .
Image
Score one more for Neanderthals .
A new study has found that Neanderthal brains grew at much the same rate as modern human brains do , knocking down the idea that they grew faster in a style considered more primitive .
The recent discoveries of two very young Neanderthal skeletons , as well analysis of a little - studied infant Neanderthal skeleton , allowed the researchers to trace how quickly the species ' skulls grew .
The results showed a greater similarity than expected between modern humans and Neanderthals , a hominid species that lived in Europe and Asia between 130,000 and 30,000 years ago .
Live fast , die young
Studies of brain growth rates tell anthropologists a lot about the lifetime development of a species .
Originally some scientists thought Neanderthals grew up faster than modern humans , reaching their adult size sooner , as , for example , chimpanzees do .
Chimps , our closest living relatives , mature much faster than we do , but also die younger .
" It 's the old saying , ' live fast , die young , ' " said researcher Christoph Zollikofer of the University of Zurich in Switzerland .
" It was thought that this was the primitive way , and that modern humans were further evolved into a slow life history , living a longer lifespan .
Our major conclusion is there was no real difference between Neanderthal and modern human life history — they were equally slow . "
The discovery that modern humans and Neanderthals share this trait means that we probably both got it from our last common ancestor , he said .
" Now we can say these so - called modern features of slow growth and development are actually old , " Zollikofer told LiveScience .
Lucky finds
The research was made possible by some lucky archaeological discoveries .
A team of Japanese scientists uncovered skeletons of two Neanderthal children — a 2 - year - old and another about 18 months old — in a cave in Syria .
Another fossil of an infant Neanderthal had previously been found in Russia , but not studied in detail or described in an anthropological journal .
The skeletons all date from between 45,000 to 50,000 years ago .
Zollikofer and a team of researchers led by Marcia Ponce de León analyzed all three specimens and made 3 - D computer reconstructions of the whole skeletons based on the available fragments — about 70 to 80 percent of the complete skeletons .
They also studied the skeletons ' teeth to estimate their ages by their dental development .
The team found that baby Neanderthal heads were slightly larger than today 's baby human heads , just as adult Neanderthal skulls typically are slightly larger than today 's adult humans ' .
Paleontologists have yet to unearth any baby skeletons of our direct Homo sapiens ancestors from the corresponding point in geologic time , but adult Homo sapiens skulls were about the same size as adult Neanderthals ' , so the researchers think the Homo sapiens infants then might have also had similar - sized skulls .
The discovery adds to the growing evidence that Neanderthals and the Homo sapiens ancestors of today 's humans had a lot more in common than previously believed .
The fossil record has increasingly turned up evidence of Neanderthals possessing cultural skills , such as tool - use and some form of language .
These behaviors were once thought to be solely held by modern humans .
" In many respects they are much more similar to modern humans than we thought , " Zollikofer said .
" First it was tools , then eating meat , altruism , all kinds of features that seem to be deeply rooted to evolution .
And if you look at the most recent genetic studies , they also show deep similarities .
The picture gets much more detailed , and we have more and more knowledge about possible differences and possible commonalities . "
The researchers detail their findings in the Sept. 8 issue of the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
The project was funded by the Swiss National Science Foundation , Japan Society for the Promotion of Science , and A. H. Schultz Foundation .
1000
n x 2 + 1 = y 2 nx ^ {2} + 1 = y^{2} n x 2 + 1 = y 2
y 2 − n x 2 = 1 y^{2} - nx ^{2} = 1 y 2 − n x 2 = 1
n n n
( x , y ) ( x , y ) ( x , y )
( b 2 − n a 2 ) ( d 2 − n c 2 ) = ( b d + n a c ) 2 − n ( b c + a d ) 2 ( b^ {2} - na^ { 2} ) ( d^ { 2} - nc^{2} ) = ( bd + nac ) ^ { 2} - n( bc + ad ) ^{ 2} ( b 2 − n a 2 ) ( d 2 − n c 2 ) = ( b d + n a c ) 2 − n ( b c + a d ) 2
( b 2 − n a 2 ) ( d 2 − n c 2 ) = ( b d − n a c ) 2 − n ( b c − a d ) 2 ( b^ {2 } - na^ { 2} ) ( d^ { 2} - nc^{2} ) = ( bd - nac ) ^ { 2 } - n( bc - ad ) ^
{ 2} ( b 2 − n a 2 ) ( d 2 − n c 2 ) = ( b d − n a c ) 2 − n ( b c − a d ) 2
b 2 − n a 2 = 1 b^ {2} - na^{2} = 1 b 2 − n a 2 = 1 and d 2 − n c 2 = 1 d^ {2} - nc^{2} = 1 d 2 − n c 2 = 1
( b d + n a c ) 2 − n ( b c + a d ) 2 = 1 ( bd + nac ) ^ { 2} - n( bc + ad ) ^{ 2} = 1 ( b d + n a c ) 2 − n ( b c + a d ) 2 = 1
( b d − n a c ) 2 − n ( b c − a d ) 2 = 1 ( bd - nac ) ^ { 2 } - n( bc - ad ) ^
{ 2} = 1 ( b d − n a c ) 2 − n ( b c − a d ) 2 = 1 .
( a , b ) ( a , b ) ( a , b )
( c , d ) ( c , d ) ( c , d )
( b c + a d , b d + n a c ) ( bc + ad , bd + nac ) ( b c + a d , b d + n a c ) and ( b c − a d , b d − n a c ) ( bc - ad , bd - nac ) ( b c − a d , b d − n a c ) .
( a , b ( a , b ( a , b
)
( c , d ) ( c , d ) ( c , d )
n a 2 + k = b 2 na^ {2} + k = b^ {2} n a 2 + k = b 2 and n c 2 + k ′ = d 2 nc ^ {2} + k' = d^ {2} n c 2 + k ′ = d 2
( b c + a d , b d + n a c ) ( bc + ad , bd + nac ) ( b c + a d , b d + n a c ) and ( b c − a d , b d − n a c ) ( bc - ad , bd - nac ) ( b c − a d , b d − n a c )
n x 2 + k k ′ = y 2 nx ^ {2} + kk' = y^{2} n x 2 + k k ′ = y 2 .
17
th
(
)
628
( a , b ) ( a , b ) ( a , b )
( 2 a b , b 2 + n a 2 ) ( 2 ab , b^ {2} + na^ { 2} ) ( 2 a b , b 2 + n a 2 )
( a , b ) ( a , b ) ( a , b )
( a , b ) ( a , b ) ( a , b )
( a , b ) ( a , b ) ( a , b )
( 2 a b , b 2 + n a 2 ) ( 2 ab , b^ {2} + na^ { 2} ) ( 2 a b , b 2 + n a 2 )
x = a , y = b x = a , y = b x = a , y = b
n x 2 + k = y 2 nx ^ {2} + k = y^{2} n x 2 + k = y 2
( a , b ) ( a , b ) ( a , b )
( a , b ) ( a , b ) ( a , b )
( 2 a b , b 2 + n a 2 ) ( 2 ab , b^ {2} + na^ { 2} ) ( 2 a b , b 2 + n a 2 )
n x 2 + k 2 = y 2 nx ^ {2} + k^{2} = y^{2} n x 2 + k 2 = y 2
k 2 k^{2} k 2
x = 2 a b k , y = b 2 + n a 2 k x = \large \frac { 2ab}{k}
ormalsize , y = \large \frac {b^ {2} + na^ { 2}}{k} x = k 2 a b ​ , y = k b 2 + n a 2 ​
n x 2 + 1 = y 2 nx ^ {2} + 1 = y^{2} n x 2 + 1 = y 2
x x x
y y y
k = 2 k = 2 k = 2
( a , b ) ( a , b ) ( a , b )
n x 2 + k = y 2 nx ^ {2} + k = y^{2} n x 2 + k = y 2
n a 2 = b 2 − 2 na^ {2} = b^ {2} - 2 n a 2 = b 2 − 2
x = 2 a b 2 = a b x = \large \frac{ 2ab}{2}
ormalsize = ab x = 2 2 a b ​ = a b ,
y = b 2 + n a 2 2 = 2 b 2 − 2 2 = b 2 − 1 y = \large \frac {b ^ {2} + na^ {2}}{2}
ormalsize = \large \frac { 2 b ^ {2 } - 2}{2}
ormalsize = b^ {2} - 1 y = 2 b 2 + n a 2 ​ = 2 2 b 2 − 2 ​ = b 2 − 1
k = − 2 k = - 2 k = − 2
k = 4 k = 4 k = 4
k = − 4 k = - 4 k = − 4
( a , b ) ( a , b ) ( a , b )
n a 2 + k = b 2 na^ {2} + k = b^ {2} n a 2 + k = b 2
k k k
1
1
2
2
4
4
k k k
23 x 2 + 1 = y 2 23 x ^{2 } + 1 = y^{2} 2 3 x 2 + 1 = y 2
a = 1 , b = 5 a = 1 , b = 5 a = 1 , b = 5
23 a 2 + 2 = b 2 23 a^{2 } + 2 = b^ {2} 2 3 a 2 + 2 = b 2
x = 5 , y = 24 x = 5 , y = 24 x = 5 , y = 2 4
( 5
24 )
x = 2 × 5 × 24 = 240 , y = 2 4 2 + 23 × 5 2 = 1151 x = 2 \times 5 \times 24 = 240 , y = 24 ^{2} + 23 \times 5^{2} = 1151 x = 2 × 5 × 2 4 = 2 4 0 , y = 2 4 2 + 2 3 × 5 2 = 1 1 5 1
x = 11515 , y = 55224 x = 11515 , y = 55224 x = 1 1 5 1 5 , y = 5 5 2 2 4
x = 552480 , y = 2649601 x = 552480 , y = 2649601 x = 5 5 2 4 8 0 , y = 2 6 4 9 6 0 1
83 x 2 + 1 = y 2 83 x ^{2 } + 1 = y^{2} 8 3 x 2 + 1 = y 2
( 1
9 )
83 × 1 2 - 2 = 9 2
x = 9 , y = 82 x = 9 , y = 82 x = 9 , y = 8 2 .
( x , y ) ( x , y ) ( x , y )
( 9 , 82 ) ,
( 1476 , 13447 ) ,
( 242055 , 2205226 ) ,
( 39695544 , 361643617 ) ,
( 6509827161 , 59307347962 ) ,
( 1067571958860 , 9726043422151 ) ,
( 175075291425879 , 1595011813884802 )
628
1150
n x 2 + 1 = y 2 nx ^ {2} + 1 = y^{2} n x 2 + 1 = y 2
( a , b ) ( a , b ) ( a , b )
n a 2 + k = b 2 na^ {2} + k = b^ {2} n a 2 + k = b 2
a a a
b b b
k k k
a , k a , k a , k
m , ( 1 , m ) m , ( 1 , m ) m , ( 1 , m )
n . 1 2 + ( m 2 − n ) = m 2 n.1^{2} + ( m ^{2} - n ) = m^ {2} n . 1 2 + ( m 2 − n ) = m 2 .
( a , b ) ( a , b ) ( a , b )
( 1 , m ) ( 1 , m ) ( 1 , m )
n ( a m + b ) 2 + ( m 2 − n ) k = ( b m + n a ) 2 n( am + b ) ^{ 2} + ( m ^{2 } - n ) k = ( bm + na ) ^{ 2} n ( a m + b ) 2 + ( m 2 − n ) k = ( b m + n a ) 2 .
k k k
x = a m + b k , y = b m + n a k x = \large \frac {am + b}{k}
ormalsize , y = \large \frac {bm + na}{k} x = k a m + b ​ , y = k b m + n a ​
n x 2 + m 2 − n k = y 2 nx ^ {2} + \large \frac {m ^ {2} - n}{k}
ormalsize = y^{2} n x 2 + k m 2 − n ​ = y 2 .
a , k a , k a , k
m m m
a m + b am + b a m + b
k k k
(
)
m m m
a m + b am + b a m + b
k k k
m 2 − n m^ {2} - n m 2 − n
b m + n a bm + na b m + n a
k k k
m m m
x = a m + b k , y = b m + n a k x = \large \frac {am + b}{k}
ormalsize , y = \large \frac {bm + na}{k} x = k a m + b ​ , y = k b m + n a ​
n x 2 + m 2 − n k = y 2 nx ^ {2} + \large \frac {m ^ {2} - n}{k}
ormalsize = y^{2} n x 2 + k m 2 − n ​ = y 2
m 2 − n k \large \frac {m^ {2} - n}{k} k m 2 − n ​
m m m
a m + b am + b a m + b
k k k
m 2 − n m^ {2} - n m 2 − n
m 2 − n k \large \frac {m^ {2} - n}{k} k m 2 − n ​
1
1
2
2
4
4
n x 2 + 1 = y 2 nx ^ {2} + 1 = y^{2} n x 2 + 1 = y 2
m 2 − n k \large \frac {m^ {2} - n}{k} k m 2 − n ​
x = a m + b k , y = b m + n a k x = \large \frac {am + b}{k}
ormalsize , y = \large \frac {bm + na}{k} x = k a m + b ​ , y = k b m + n a ​
n x 2 + m 2 − n k = y 2 nx ^ {2} + \large \frac {m ^ {2} - n}{k}
ormalsize = y^{2} n x 2 + k m 2 − n ​ = y 2
n a 2 + k = b 2 na^ {2} + k = b^ {2} n a 2 + k = b 2
(
)
n x 2 + t = y 2 nx ^ {2} + t = y^{2} n x 2 + t = y 2
t t t
1
1
2
2
4
4
61 x 2 + 1 = y 2 61 x ^{2 } + 1 = y^{2} 6 1 x 2 + 1 = y 2 .
m m m
( m + 8 ) / 3 ( m + 8)/3 ( m + 8 ) / 3
m 2 − 61 m^{2} - 61 m 2 − 6 1
m = 7 m = 7 m = 7
x = 5 , y = 39 x = 5 , y = 39 x = 5 , y = 3 9
n x 2 − 4 = y 2 nx ^ {2} - 4 = y^{2} n x 2 − 4 = y 2
x = 226153980 , y = 1766319049 x = 226153980 , y = 1766319049 x = 2 2 6 1 5 3 9 8 0 , y = 1 7 6 6 3 1 9 0 4 9
61 x 2 + 1 = y 2 61 x ^{2 } + 1 = y^{2} 6 1 x 2 + 1 = y 2
12
th
n x 2 + k = y 2 nx ^ {2} + k = y^{2} n x 2 + k = y 2
k k k
1
2
2
4
4
k k k
1
2
2
4
4
(
)
14
th
103 x 2 + 1 = y 2 103x ^{ 2 } + 1 = y^{2} 1 0 3 x 2 + 1 = y 2 .
a = 1 , b = 10 a = 1 , b = 10 a = 1 , b = 1 0
103 × 1 2 − 3 = 1 0 2 103 \times 1^{2 } - 3 = 10 ^{2} 1 0 3 × 1 2 − 3 = 1 0 2 .
m m m
m + 10 m + 10 m + 1 0
3
m 2 − 103 m^{2} - 103 m 2 − 1 0 3
m = 11 m = 11 m = 1 1
103 × 7 2 − 6 = 7 1 2 103 \times 7^{2 } - 6 = 71^{2} 1 0 3 × 7 2 − 6 = 7 1 2 .
m m m
7 m + 71 7 m + 71 7 m + 7 1
6
m 2 − 103 m^{2} - 103 m 2 − 1 0 3
m = 7 m = 7 m = 7
103 × 2 0 2 + 9 = 20 3 2 103 \times 20 ^{2} + 9 = 203^{2} 1 0 3 × 2 0 2 + 9 = 2 0 3 2 .
m m m
20 m + 203 20m+203 2 0 m + 2 0 3
9
m 2 − 103 m^{2} - 103 m 2 − 1 0 3
m = 11 m = 11 m = 1 1
103 × 4 7 2 + 2 = 47 7 2 103 \times 47^{2} + 2 = 477^{2} 1 0 3 × 4 7 2 + 2 = 4 7 7 2 .
k = 2 k = 2 k = 2
x = 22419 , y = 227528 x = 22419 , y = 227528 x = 2 2 4 1 9 , y = 2 2 7 5 2 8 .
97 x 2 + 1 = y 2 97x ^{2} + 1 = y^{2} 9 7 x 2 + 1 = y 2
97 × 1 2 + 3 = 1 0 2 97 \times 1^{2 } + 3 = 10 ^{2} 9 7 × 1 2 + 3 = 1 0 2
97 × 7 2 + 8 = 6 9 2 97 \times 7^{2 } + 8 = 69 ^{2} 9 7 × 7 2 + 8 = 6 9 2
97 × 2 0 2 + 9 = 19 7 2 97 \times 20 ^{2} + 9 = 197^{2} 9 7 × 2 0 2 + 9 = 1 9 7 2
97 × 5 3 2 + 11 = 52 2 2 97 \times 53 ^{2} + 11 = 522^{2} 9 7 × 5 3 2 + 1 1 = 5 2 2 2
97 × 8 6 2 − 3 = 84 7 2 97 \times 86^{2} - 3 = 847^{2} 9 7 × 8 6 2 − 3 = 8 4 7 2
97 × 56 9 2 − 1 = 560 4 2 97 \times 569^ {2} - 1 = 5604 ^{2} 9 7 × 5 6 9 2 − 1 = 5 6 0 4 2
x = 6377352 , y = 62809633 x = 6377352 , y = 62809633 x = 6 3 7 7 3 5 2 , y = 6 2 8 0 9 6 3 3
17
th
1657
We await these solutions , which , if England or Belgic or Celtic Gaul do not produce , then Narbonese Gaul will .
500
61 x 2 + 1 = y 2 61 x ^{2 } + 1 = y^{2} 6 1 x 2 + 1 = y 2 .
1657
58
1658
n n n
150
313 x 2 + 1 = y 2 313x ^{ 2 } + 1 = y^{2} 3 1 3 x 2 + 1 = y 2 .
x = 1819380158564160 , y = 32188120829134849 x = 1819380158564160 , y = 32188120829134849 x = 1 8 1 9 3 8 0 1 5 8 5 6 4 1 6 0 , y = 3 2 1 8 8 1 2 0 8 2 9 1 3 4 8 4 9
( b 2 − n a 2 ) ( d 2 − n c 2 ) = ( b d + n a c ) 2 − n ( b c + a d ) 2 ( b^ {2} - na^ { 2} ) ( d^ { 2} - nc^{2} ) = ( bd + nac ) ^ { 2} - n( bc + ad ) ^{ 2} ( b 2 − n a 2 ) ( d 2 − n c 2 ) = ( b d + n a c ) 2 − n ( b c + a d ) 2 .
1658
1685
98
1658
n x 2 + 1 = y 2 nx ^ {2} + 1 = y^{2} n x 2 + 1 = y 2
n n n
n n n
1766
1771
n n n
√ n √n √ n
19
19 = 4 + 1 2 + 1 1 + 1 3 + 1 1 + 1 2 + 1 8 + 1 2 + 1 1 + 1 3 + 1 1 + 1 2 + 1 8 + 1 2 + 1 1 + . . . \ sqrt{19} = 4 + \ frac{1}{2+} \ frac{1}{1+} \ frac{1}{3+} \ frac{1}{1+} \ frac{1}{2+} \ frac{1}{8+} \ frac{1}{2+} \ frac{1}{1+} \ frac{1}{3+} \ frac{1}{1+} \ frac{1}{2+} \ frac{1}{8+} \ frac{1}{2+} \ frac{1}{1+} ... 1 9 ​ = 4 + 2 + 1 ​ 1 + 1 ​ 3 + 1 ​ 1 + 1 ​ 2 + 1 ​ 8 + 1 ​ 2 + 1 ​ 1 + 1 ​ 3 + 1 ​ 1 + 1 ​ 2 + 1 ​ 8 + 1 ​ 2 + 1 ​ 1 + 1 ​ . . .
19 = 4 + 1 1 + 1 2 + 1 1 + 1 3 + 1 2 + 1 8 + 1 2 + 1 1 + . . .
\ sqrt{19} = 4 + \large\frac{1}{1+ \large\frac{1}{2+\large\frac{1}{1 + \large\frac{1}{3 + \large\frac{1}{2 + \large\frac{1}{8 + \large\frac{1}{2 + \ large\frac{1}{1 + ... }}}}}}}} 1 9 ​ = 4 + 1 + 2 + 1 + 3 + 2 + 8 + 2 + 1 + . . . 1 ​ 1 ​ 1 ​ 1 ​ 1 ​ 1 ​ 1 ​ 1 ​
6
170 39 \large\frac{170}{39}
ormalsize 3 9 1 7 0 ​
x = 39 , y = 170 x = 39 , y = 170 x = 3 9 , y = 1 7 0
19 x 2 + 1 = y 2 19 x ^{2 } + 1 = y^{2} 1 9 x 2 + 1 = y 2 .
170
39
19
( 170 + 39 √ 19 ) 2 = 57799 + 13260 √ 19 ( 170 + 39√19 ) ^{2} = 57799 + 13260√19 ( 1 7 0 + 3 9 √ 1 9 ) 2 = 5 7 7 9 9 + 1 3 2 6 0 √ 1 9
x = 13260 , y = 57799 x = 13260 , y = 57799 x = 1 3 2 6 0 , y = 5 7 7 9 9
( 170 + 39 √ 19 ) 3 = 19651490 + 4508361 √ 19 ( 170 + 39√19 ) ^{3 } = 19651490 + 4508361√19 ( 1 7 0 + 3 9 √ 1 9 ) 3 = 1 9 6 5 1 4 9 0 + 4 5 0 8 3 6 1 √ 1 9
x = 4508361 , y = 19651490 x = 4508361 , y = 19651490 x = 4 5 0 8 3 6 1 , y = 1 9 6 5 1 4 9 0
( 170
39
19 )
19
2
1
2
57799 + 13260 √ 19
19651490 + 4508361 √ 19
6681448801 + 1532829480 √ 19
2271672940850 + 521157514839 √ 19
772362118440199 + 177192022215780 √ 19
262600848596726810 + 60244766395850361 √ 19
89283516160768675201 + 20483043382566906960 √ 19
n n n
n n n
n n n
n n n
(
)
This is what you see when you visit about : internets .
This is freaking awesome .
Years ago there was an idea to include the kitchen sink in Mozilla ( you can view it here , not sure if that works in IE ) .
It was a good idea considering it had everything else at the time .
I initially thought it was written using < canvas / > .
I tried the typical view - source : , but in this case it does n’t seem to work .
The performance was really smooth with minimal CPU , more than < canvas / > typically allows .
Now I was curious .
Then looking at the source it became obvious in about 0.1 seconds :
PathService :: Get ( base :: DIR_SYSTEM , & path ) ; file_util :: AppendToPath ( & path , L " sspipes.scr " ) ;
It ’s using the actual Windows screensaver ( which is why it does n’t work in Vista I presume ) .
I hope for the Mac and Linux port they bundle jwz ’s excellent XScreenSaver .
Due to jwz ’s impact in browsers and open source , I think there would be even better easter egg .
From a quick look at the code it seems it ’s not hard to do since every tab is it ’s own process , it ’s essentially just running the process inside the view .
For those who do n’t understand why this is all so amusing , read this Wikipedia article about the “ Series of Tubes “ .
It will only kill a small percentage of brain cells since it ’s just the Wikipedia article explaining it .
There are other Tubes references as I mentioned last night .
Thanks to those who left a comment in my last post for pointing this out .
By the way , check out Brendan ’s post on TraceMonkey performance .
He did a better comparison at actual JS performance .
I only looked at selectors really quick .
About the author
( NewsTarget )
Some people may remember the article about young Brittany who became paralyzed shortly after receiving the HPV vaccine .
However , Brittany is not the only young girl to experience such a problem .
A fourteen - year - old girl named Jessica had a similar experience after receiving the vaccine , as reported by a news story inby Jo Rafferty .
According to the article , just eight days after receiving the vaccine , Jessica was hospitalized and diagnosed with Guillain - Barre syndrome .
Paralyzed and unable to walk after the vaccine , Jessica ( like Brittany ) was an active , athletic girl prior to receiving it .
The article reports that a family friend named Tondra Vees was told by the family that the girl 's neurologist said that it was the HPV vaccine that had caused her paralysis .
Unfortunately , one girl 's experience was much worse .
In an article entitled " One Less , " inby Tom Grant , it is reported that a nineteen - year - old young lady named Brooke Petkevicius collapsed against a wall and later died two weeks after receiving the first dose of the HPV vaccine .
She was also an active young woman who was preparing to run in a marathon and was a straight - A student with a long list of accomplishments .
However , her autopsy makes absolutely no mention of the Gardasil vaccine ; it merely states that she died of a pulmonary embolism or blood clot .
Interestingly , the article says that the CDC cites the fact that the girl happened to be taking birth control pills , which increases the risk of blood clots , as the reason for her death .
Talk about " natural selection " in reverse !
That 's not to say that it is n't a tragedy when any young life is taken away needlessly .
It most certainly is .
However , it is hard not to wonder what such an obviously talented young lady may have accomplished had her life not ended so prematurely .
If the CDC really believes that the birth control pills alone were the cause of the girl 's death , one has to ask why young girls are n't being strongly warned that death is a possible " side effect " of taking birth control pills .
Perhaps the CDC really believes that it 's just a mere coincidence that this girl died shortly after receiving the HPV vaccine .
Did it ever occur to anyone that the problem may have something to do with taking birth control pills in conjunction with receiving the vaccine ?
Did anyone ever bother asking what brand of birth control pills the girl was using ?
Did they try to determine when she took the birth control pills in relationship to when she had the vaccine ?
Intelligent folks can probably think of many , many other questions that need to be addressed .
Should n't the public at least be made aware of all of these people who " coincidentally " drop dead or suffer adverse reactions so shortly after receiving the vaccine ?
Perhaps the CDC has chosen to adopt a " wait and see " attitude about all of this and will only alter their recommendations if the body count starts to climb .
Why is n't the public demanding more answers about this vaccine ?
It is hard to comprehend the cavalier attitude of some people about girls dying shortly after receiving the HPV jab .
Many times those same people speak out against murderers and criminals being given lethal injections but do not share the same concerns about young girls .
What 's wrong with this picture ?
In addition to telling Brooke 's sad story , Grant 's article also has numerous other accounts of reactions reported by other girls .
In fact , Grant reports that another girl died of a blood clot just three hours after receiving the vaccine .
Three hours .
Just a coincidence ?
Really ?
To put it in a different perspective , consider this analogy .
Suppose you install a new piece of software on your computer .
Three hours after installing the software , the computer crashes .
Would it be reasonable to consider the possibility that the new software created or contributed to the problem ?
Suppose the support tech simply said , " Oh , it must be due to your operating system .
Your operating system ( fill - in - the - blank with your favorite operating system ) is known to crash sometimes .
It could n't possibly have anything to do with that new software you just installed .
" Well , truthfully , while the problem may have had something to do with the operating system , any computer scientist worth his salt is going to start asking all sorts of probing questions about the type of software that was recently installed .
No self - respecting computer geek would simply say , " Well , we never had any problems with any software before when we conducted beta tests .
Therefore , the problem must be your operating system . "
Of course not .
That computer geek is going to try to figure out if there are any incompatibilities between the software that was installed and the operating system of the computer it was installed on and the interactions between any of the other programs .
Unfortunately , the human body is a whole lot more complex than a computer .
If someone drops dead or gets paralyzed after a vaccine , you can't just do a " restore " as you could with a computer .
Just like each individual 's computer has lots of unique pieces of software running on it , every young girl has her own set of unique characteristics and circumstances .
Some girls may be taking birth control pills .
Some girls may be taking numerous other medications and over - the - counter drugs .
Each young girl has many different things that are unique about her .
How many of these permutations and combinations have been tested ?
Nobody wants you to ask that question !
Nor do they want you to ask where the testing occurred .
According to CorpWatch.org , Merck outsourced trials for the Gardasil vaccine to a company called JayaJan Pharmaceutical Research in India .
They report that it is much cheaper to get CROs ( Contract Research Organizations ) to conduct research in other areas of the world , and regulations in some areas are much more lax .
Apparently a Merck spokesperson named Amy Rose refused to specify exactly how many of the trials for the HPV vaccine were conducted by CROs or what Merck 's role was in overseeing these trials .
CorpWatch.org was unable to get her to comment on what percentages of the subjects of the trials were from Third World countries .
There are some obvious concerns about trials that are conducted by CROs .
For example , CROs may consider that trials with results that will make the drug companies happy will generate repeat business .
Also , if adverse reactions were to occur during a trial , there would likely be much less of a chance of anyone digging into it too deeply if the subjects were all from a foreign country .
An excellent , must - see film starring Ralph Fiennes calledexplores the idea of drug trials being conducted in Africa , and it certainly leaves the mind reeling .
Another major concern is that some doctors do n't seem to want to report the adverse effects of this vaccine .
According to a news report , Barbara Loe Fischer , the president of the National Vaccine Information Center , gets calls from parents claiming their doctors wo n't report adverse reactions to the HPV vaccine .
What 's up with this ?
Why would n't any reputable doctor want to make sure that any reaction possibly tied to the vaccine is correctly reported ?
Like trained monkeys , they recommend any new vaccine that the CDC endorses and do n't want to " stir the pot " by reporting the side effects experienced by their patients .
Meanwhile , the ad campaign for Gardasil has been in full force .
Merck has been running ads during television shows like the very popularand , the latest chick flick to hit the theaters .
That certainly can't be cheap , butpredicts that if the vaccine becomes routine , it would mean annual sales of 3.2 billion by 2010 .
But as the money starts pouring in , how many of the shareholders will give a thought to girls like Brittany , Jessica and Brooke ?
Joanne Waldron is a computer scientist with a passion for writing and sharing health - related news and information with others .
She hosts the Naked Wellness : The Gentle Health Revolution forum , which is devoted to achieving radiant health , well - being , and longevity .
Microsoft ’s Latest Bad Idea ?
ARAX – Ruby - powered AJAX
By Peter Cooper
Microsoft 's got plans for Ruby beyond the fine IronRuby project in the shape of " ARAX " ( Asynchronous Ruby and XML ) , a Ruby - flavored variety of the popular AJAX Web development techniques .
Microsoft 's Silverlight plugin will be able to process and run Ruby code that 's directly within Web pages similar to how browsers process JavaScript .
This allows Ruby developers to write Ruby code instead of the equivalent JavaScript as they do now .
e Week interviewed John Lam , creator of and program manager for IronRuby , to find out more about the project .
Lam seems to feel that Ruby developers are n't happy with using multiple languages and dealing with context shifts :
[ A]t some point you might have to add some JavaScript code that adds some custom functionality on the client yourself .
So there 's always that sense of , ' Now I 'm in another world .
And would n't it be nice if I have this utility class I wrote in Ruby … '
Today if I want to use it in the browser I have to port it to JavaScript .
Now I can just run it in the browser .
On the other hand , though , he seems to have no issue with HTML and CSS :
It 's a known thing and people understand this technology .
The part that [ is important ] , at least as far as Rails programmers are concerned with , is they would like to be able to do some Ruby on the client .
JavaScript is no longer the ugly stepchild that it used to be , but it 's quirky in certain ways .
That 's not to say that Ruby is n't , but Ruby has more ' oohs and ahs ' about it than JavaScript does .
Naturally , the success of this idea rests on the success of Silverligh , but it remains to be seen whether Silverlight will take off .
Silverlight 's dynamic language support is exciting and innovative but whether it'll actually prove worthwhile to developers in the long run is doubtful .
Microsoft already seems to have enough issues with .
Net 3.x ( . Net 3.5 's runtime is a 190 MB download - almost an operating system in its own right ! ) and IE 7 adoption on the operating systems it actually controls updates for .
An amusing part of eWeek 's article was a fine shot across the bow from David Heinemeier Hansson :
It 's great to see Microsoft making progress on IronRuby .
Just like JRuby provides people who are stuck with an inventory of Java infrastructure and programs an easy way into Ruby , so does IronRuby for those who are still sitting on a Microsoft stack .
As with JRuby , though , I do n't expect a lot of Ruby programmers with no existing connection to Microsoft to go gaga over it .
Let 's just cross our fingers and hope it does n't become another proprietary rehash ( JScript , J# ) and that Silverlight is n't abandoned or dumbed down on non-MS platforms ( as Internet Explorer , Media Player , Messenger and Office were or are ) .
Innocent Man Freed in Durham
Erick Daniels was 15 when a judge in Durham sent him to an adult prison for an armed robbery home invasion .
Daniels should never have been convicted .
Identification procedures had been shaky .
There had been no physical evidence tying Daniels to the crime , no testimony to corroborate the charges .
The defendant 's trial attorney later acknowledged that he had done an inferior job .
Juries , like the police , get it wrong on a regular basis .
But here 's the shocker :
Perhaps most troubling was prosecutors ' failure to follow through when told that someone else -- a federal prison inmate who matched the victim 's description of the suspect -- had confessed .
The impression left by such lack of initiative is that for some authorities in Durham , once a conviction is obtained , there 's no further obligation to make sure justice is done .
Seven years after Daniels went to prison , Superior Court Judge Orlando Hudson set him free .
The confession was such strong evidence of innocence that Judge Hudson did n't give the prosecution a second chance to prove Daniels ' guilt .
He ruled that no reasonable jury , hearing all the evidence , could find Daniels guilty .
[ more ...]
Sure we like our chocolate bunny ears , but around these parts the best easter eggs are n't painted pink and stuffed with jelly beans — they 're the undocumented and unexpected fun features hidden deep inside various software apps .
While new software Easter eggs do n't come around often , there 's still a basket full of classics we love .
After the jump , get roundup of our favorite software Easter eggs .
Advertisement
10 . Firefox Book of Mozilla Easter Egg
Advertisement
How to find it :
In all versions of Firefox , in the address bar , type about : mozilla .
What you get : A quote from the " Book of Mozilla " about the birth of Firefox .
9. Internet Explorer 6/7 credits
How to find it : Using Internet Explorer 7 ( not IE6 or the IE8 beta ) , type javascript: window.name = " TheWCEE" ;location.href="res://shdoclc.dll/wcee.htm " into the address bar .
What you get : A hidden page of IE developer credits .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
8. Firefox Kitchen Sink
How to find it :
In Firefox 2 and higher , type about kitchensink ( no colon in there , unlike about : mozilla ! ) .
Correction : Looks like this one only works in the Firefox 3 beta .
Apologies !
Update : A commenter points out that this is Google 's " I'm Feeling Lucky " search in action , not an Easter egg at all .
Our bad !
What you get :
An automatic redirect to an animated , ASCII art kitchen sink .
Advertisement
7. Google Earth 4.2 Flight Simulator
Advertisement
How to find it : Launch the latest version 4.2 of Google Earth ( free download ) and hit Ctrl + Alt + A ( Mac users : Cmd+Opt+A . )
What you get : A full - on flight simulator that lets you choose an airport , plane type , and lets you fly inside Google Earth .
It is fun but it 's not easy ; here 's more on how to navigate in flight in Google Earth .
Flight Simulator in Google Earth 4.2
Not only did the latest version of Google Earth add Sky — it also quietly got a fabulous new flight Read more
Advertisement
6. OpenOffice.org Calc Tic - Tac -Toe and Space Invaders Games ( also works in NeoOffice on the Mac ! )
How to find it : Using OpenOffice.org 's
Calc spreadsheet program , type = GAME ( A2:C4 ; " TicTacToe " ) into any cell .
What you get : A game of Tic - Tac - Toe !
For Space Invaders , type = GAME ( " StarWars " ) .
Here are more OpenOffice.org Easter eggs .
Advertisement
5. Emacs on Mac OS X Therapist
How to find it :
In the Mac Terminal ( or at any command line ) , type emacs , hit Enter , press Escape , type " xdoctor " ( no quotes ) .
What you get :
An interactive dialogue with a shrink named Eliza .
To get out of it , hit Control + X Control+C .
Advertisement
4. Minesweeper Reveal Mines Cheat
( Note : Technically , this is more a cheat than an egg . )
How to find it :
In Minesweeper , type " xyzzy . "
Then press Shift + Enter .
What you get : A single pixel on the upper - left hand corner of your monitor will turn black when you mouse over a block that contains a mine .
Get the high score on the family computer !
( Note : several people report that this cheat works on Windows XP with SP2 , but those with widescreen monitors like myself might have trouble .
Let us know if it works for you in the comments . )
Advertisement
3. Excel 97 Flight Simulator
How to find it :
This one 's an oldie but a goodie .
Using Excel 97 ( does n't work in later versions ) , create a new worksheet , and press F5 .
Type " X97:L97 " and press Enter .
Press the Tab key , hold down Ctrl and Shift , and left - click the Chart Wizard toolbar icon .
What you get : Launched into a nifty flight simulator that glides you over the surface of a planet ( the moon ? ) and shows you Excel developer credits .
( I do n't have a copy of Excel 97 any more , but definitely got this puppy to work back in the day . )
Thanks to EggHeaven for reminding us of the steps to get there .
Advertisement
2. Picasa Teddy Bears
Advertisement
How to find it : In Picasa , press Ctrl + Shift +Y .
What you get :
Your photo library taken over by teddy bears !
Keep hitting the key combo to add more bears .
Update : Apparently this is one of the Picasa programmer 's teddies , named Thomas .
Thanks , telekinetyk !
[ via PC World ]
Top 10 Software Easter Eggs
Sure we like our chocolate bunny ears , but around these parts the best easter eggs are n't painted Read more
Advertisement
1. uTorrent Tetris
Advertisement
How to find it :
In uTorrent , go to the Help menu and choose " About uTorrent . "
Press the letter T .
What you get : A game of Tetris while you wait for your download to complete .
Thanks , computer joe !
Advertisement
Thanks to EggHeaven for tipping us off to many of these eggs .
What are your favorite software Easter eggs this holiday ?
Let us know in the comments .
The flag is probably gone .
Buzz Aldrin saw it knocked over by the rocket blast as he and Neil Armstrong left the moon 39 summers ago .
Lying there in the lunar dust , unprotected from the sun ’s harsh ultraviolet rays , the flag ’s red and blue would have bleached white in no time .
Over the years , the nylon would have turned brittle and disintegrated .
Related Content Back to Hadley Rille
Dennis Lacarrubba , whose New Jersey - based company , Annin , made the flag and sold it to NASA for $ 5.50 in 1969 , considers what might happen to an ordinary nylon flag left outside for 39 years on Earth , let alone on the moon .
He thinks for a few seconds .
“ I ca n’t believe there would be anything left , ” he concludes .
“ I gotta be honest with you .
It ’s gonna be ashes . ”
There are other signs of aging at Tranquillity Base .
The shiny gold foil on the base of the lunar lander is shiny no more — it would have darkened and flaked away long ago .
The once - white life support backpacks , tossed out unceremoniously after Armstrong and Aldrin made their brief spacewalks , have likely turned yellow .
The TV camera , the seismometer , the discarded hammer — anything made of glass or metal — are probably okay .
And the famous bootprints ?
They may still be as crisp as the day they were made .
Or , they may have the thinnest coating of dust from small grains moving around continually on the lunar surface ( see “ Stronger than Dirt , ” Aug. / Sept. 2006 ) .
The truth is , no one knows exactly what the Apollo landing sites will look like after four decades .
Nobody thought it would take us this long to go back .
And now we are .
New cameras in orbit around the moon have begun returning photos of sights unseen in a generation .
Japan ’s Kaguya spacecraft , which arrived in lunar orbit in October , Dave Scott and Jim Irwin ’s rocket engine as they touched down in Mare Imbrium in July 1971 .
They and other Apollo moonwalkers routinely photographed the white patches when they looked back at their landing sites from lunar orbit before returning home .
Kaguya ’s best camera has a resolution , or ability to separate two objects , of 10 meters ( 33 feet ) — just enough to make out the white patch of disturbed soil .
The camera ca n’t quite resolve the squat , 30 - foot - wide base of the Apollo 15 lander sitting in the middle of that patch .
But the Kaguya photo shows a dark feature that may be the lander ’s shadow .
Until Kaguya , there had n’t been a camera good enough to spot Apollo artifacts on the moon since the last astronauts left , in 1972 .
Neither the U.S. Clementine nor the European SMART - 1 moon probes , launched in 1994 and 2003 , respectively , had enough resolution .
( In case you ’re wondering , even the best ground - based telescopes can’t make out Apollo hardware on the moon .
They have the resolution — some produce sharper images than the Hubble Space Telescope — but the objects left by the astronauts are n’t bright enough to be seen . )
So it ’s a job for lunar orbiters .
Next up is Chandrayaan , India ’s first planetary science spacecraft , which is due to arrive at the moon this fall with a camera twice as sharp as Kaguya’s .
That should be good enough to see more than smudges in the dirt , according to Mark Robinson , a planetary scientist at Arizona State University whose own high - resolution camera will fly on NASA ’s Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter ( LRO ) in November .
“ I will be surprised if Chandrayaan ca n’t detect the [ lunar landers ] , ” says Robinson .
The bases of the landers , six of which are still on the moon , will be only about two picture elements , or pixels , across in the five - meter - resolution images — not enough for clear identification .
But in photos taken at low sun angles , says Robinson , the landers ’ shadows should appear as dark streaks up to 10 pixels long .
This technique has paid off in the past .
Long before the first Apollo landing , scientists studying photos taken by the Lunar Orbiter 3 spacecraft noticed a shadow cast by the Surveyor 1 robot , which had landed on the moon eight months earlier .
If the Chandrayaan scientists are “ really , really lucky , ” says Robinson , they might also detect the shadows of the lunar rovers , the two - man buggies that astronauts left at the Apollo 15 , 16 , and 17 sites .
The 10 - foot - long rovers would be less than a pixel in size , but their shadows could be as long as four or five pixels , says Robinson .
His own instrument on the LRO will do a thorough job of “ revisiting ” the Apollo sites , beginning in early 2009 .
The narrow - angle camera can resolve details about the size of a microwave oven .
As the LRO spacecraft orbits from pole to pole and the moon turns slowly beneath it , it will eventually get a look at all six Apollo landing sites .
The resulting pictures should clearly show the landers and the rovers , says Robinson .
Even some of the larger experiment packages left behind by the moonwalkers might be identifiable from their shadows .
The LRO images should also show rover tracks and the dark areas where the astronauts scuffed up the lunar soil .
The new information can then be used to refine maps of the moonwalkers ’ historic traverses .
Until Chrome came along , Google 's Master Mobile Plan did n't quite add up .
Now it does .
Chrome --
Google 's new superbrowser -- is cream on the top of a new mobile software stack .
Let 's call it GACL , for Gears , Android and Chrome on Linux .
Gears is a way to run Web apps on desktops and store data locally as well as in the cloud .
Android is a development framework for Linux - based mobile devices .
Chrome is a browser , but not just for pages .
Chrome also runs apps .
In that respect , it 's more than the UI - inside - a - window that all browsers have become .
It 's essentially an operating system .
For those of us old enough to remember , Chrome 's symbol calls to mind Simon , one of the earliest electronic game toys with a digital brain :
You can't play with Chrome on Linux yet , but when Google promises a product on multiple platforms , it generally delivers soon enough .
( And , as Marcel just pointed out , there are already ways for Linux folken to jump early on the bandwagon . )
Android phones have n't hit the beach in waves yet either , but count on that too .
Then what ?
Well , then the game changes .
Remember back when Marc Andreessen raised Microsoft 's hackles by saying Netscape would " reduce Windows to a set of poorly debugged device drivers " ?
Netscape failed to do that , but Google wo n't .
It 's not just that Google is Netscape II , it 's that Google has a platform here .
At the bottom that platform is the OS of your choice .
At the top is a browser built from the start to run apps and not just pages .
Chrome is not in a " browser war " with Firefox and Internet Explorer .
It 's a different animal .
As Nick Carr puts it , " ( Google 's ) real goal , embedded in Chrome 's open - source code , is to upgrade the capabilities of all browsers so that they can better support ( and eventually disappear behind ) the applications .
The browser may be the medium , but the applications are the message . "
Will Google upgrade its current apps and introduce new ones that run best or only in Chrome and Chrome - compatible browsers ?
Count on it .
Yesterday at Blog World Expo a user told me that Gears running in Firefox ( as an add - in ) made Gmail fly .
But the real sweet spot here is n't computers .
It 's mobile phones .
Here 's how David Berlind puts it :
By offering mobile developers an alternative way for making their mobile applications run on handsets , even when no wireless connection exists , Google is paving the way for developers to build browser - based applications that can run on any mobile platform , as opposed to having to build separate versions of their applications in order to support those same mobile platforms .
What Google 's doing with GACL is opening up the Net. Everything Google does to improve the Net 's infrastructure — from investing in fiber backbones to building " cloud " servers , apps and services — widens the range of what people can do on the Net. Nick Carr again :
I think Google is motivated by something much larger than its congenital hatred of Microsoft .
It knows that its future , both as a business and as an idea ( and Google 's always been both ) , hinges on the continued rapid expansion of the usefulness of the Internet , which in turn hinges on the continued rapid expansion of the capabilities of web apps , which in turn hinges on rapid improvements in the workings of web browsers .
Nick calls Chrome " the first cloud browser " , and perhaps it is .
Now look at the success Apple is having with the closed and proprietary iPhone , which is essentially a data device on which telephony is just one application among countless others .
What happens when the best - debugged devices are driven by GACL , without limitations imposed by any one company 's lock - ins ?
Dig this : Motley Fool reports ,
When Deutsche Telekom 's ( NYSE : DT ) T - Mobile launches the first Android handset next Wednesday , the Android app store will be fully stocked with its own user - friendly applications .
Google hosted a programming competition with a total of $ 10 million in prizes to ensure that there would be top - notch applications available on Day One .
The Android team wants a " vibrant third - party developer community , " and here 's the kicker  all of the app store revenue will be passed on to the developers .
Google keeps nothing .
( Apple takes 30 % of all revenue from its App Store offerings ; developers get the other 70 % . )
It 's open season for developers , and an open market for everybody .
TV shows are by far the most wanted files via BitTorrent , and according to some , it 's fast becoming the modern day TiVo .
But what are all those people downloading ?
There ’s only one week to go before the new TV season starts , but here is one of the latest summer charts .
Stargate Atlantis is leading the chart this week .
The data is collected by TorrentFreak from a representative sample of BitTorrent sites and is for informational and educational reference only .
At the end of the year we will publish a list of most downloaded TV - shows for the entire year , like we did last December .
TV - shows such as “ Lost ” and “ Heroes ” can get up to 10 million downloads per episode , in only a week .
Top Downloads August 17 – August 24
After watching John McCain in the first presidential debate pander about how much he cared about veterans , I found his statements so disingenuous I decided to put together this video highlighting the hypocrisy of his words .
The references cited in the video are detailed below :
It ’s my first campaign - style video , so please be kind .
I ’ve also got one on Sara Palin in the works I hope to post soon .
Post by ILO on 09/27/08 at 6:01 pm
News From Underground
SPOONAMORE REVEALS THE PLAN TO STEAL THE NEXT ELECTION
Here , in this shattering new interview , Stephen Spoonamore goes into harrowing detail about the Bush regime ’s election fraud , past , present and –if we do n’t spread the word right now –to come .
Since he ’s the only whistle - blower out there who knows the perps themselves , and how they operate , we have to send this new piece far and wide .
Here Spoon tells us that McBush ’s team–i.e. , Karl Rove and his henchpersons– have their plan in place to steal this next election : by 51.2 % of the popular vote , and three electoral votes .
He also talks about the major role played by the Christianist far right in the electronic rigging of the vote .
And he defines our electronic voting system as a major threat to US national security , calling for it to be junked ASAP , in favor of hand - counted paper ballots .
Since Spoon is a Republican and erstwhile McCain supporter , as well as a noted specialist in nosing out computer fraud , his testimony is essential–not only for its expertise , but , no less , for the impact that his views will surely have on those Republicans who have been loath to see what Bush & Co. has done to our election system .
That whole story ’s just about to break .
In fact , tomorrow there will be a number of articles appearing , on a recent breakthrough in the lawsuit that Spoon ’s testimony has enabled , and on other aspects of that all - important case .
MCM
9/26/08 : New Spoonamore Interview – E-voting Machines are a National Security Threat
Last week , VR interviewed GOP Cyber security expert Stephen Spoonamore about the upcoming election and his testimony in the new Ohio litigation to take depositions of Karl Rove and others .
The video is posted in full below with ten short clips for You Tube viewing .
This interview is so important and explosive that we urge everyone to watch it .
Spoonamore says that the GOP wanted e-voting to steal elections but now foreign governments will be hacking and the winner will be determined by the best hackers .
He says that if the GOP wins the hacking competition , McCain will win 51.2 percent with three electoral votes over Obama , and it will be a stolen election .
Spoon also makes a crucial point about the people who have been implicated in much of the election theft : “ They are religious extremists . ”
He names those who know about stolen elections , and he insists that the only way to protect this election is with paper ballots , hand - counted .
Check out this extraordinary interview here .
http://www.velvetrevolution.us/prosecute_rove/images/SpoonIntvw3.wmv
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LyByZx5GEaw
It ’s a network , people .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YadsHqxid8I
Electronic voting machines are a national security threat .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mbxuXC4QlMk
The genie is out of the bottleÅ .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kOHkY7sJ4ZI
Fifty ways to steal an election .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1–KHOo8tkM
Mike Connell : Bush IT Guru
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GJHmuG8d2bQ
The Rapp Family : Ohio election cover-up .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Z7DK3LgiOA
Evangelicals and voting machines .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8WTe8ppEIic
Paper ballots please .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1lrFkRHrRDI
McCain / Palin will win by theft .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s07oi2G_K4c
People should doubt the vote , it ’s being stolen .
( Source )
Home | Computer support | Computer consulting | Networking | Website design | Hosting | Contact Canada computer support & computer networking for small businesses Providing computer support & consulting to the Vancouver area Netdigix provides computer support and managed computer support solutions to small sized businesses .
We specialize in delivering network services and technical support to customers who are to small to hire their own full time technical support staff but are dependant on their computers and network for the daily operation on their businesses .
We can deliver top tier services in the following areas :
Network your computers and servers
Manage and setup for computer servers and desktops
Computer and network security
Contain virus outbreaks
Transform your wired network into wireless
Data backup and data recovery
Windows and Linux support
Printer support
DLS / Cable Router support
Project planning and management
Host your websites and web applications copyright © 2000 - 2020 Netdigix Systems Inc. All Rights Reserved .
a Canadian computer support company in Vancouver British Columbia Home | Computer support | Computer consulting | Computer networking |
Home support | Web hosting | Contact
Computer support .
We provide unparalleled computer consulting and managed computer services .
Serving Vancouver Canada , Computer Networking , Network Security , Internet Technology , technical support and computer support .
. Canada .
British Columbia .
Alberta .
Vancouver .
Calgary .
Printer support , printer repair , printer cleaning , laser printer cleaning
Count among the few things that have cheered me recently , this excellent article in Newsweek on the Troopergate scandal .
Despite the fact that I have been following every aspect of this sordid tale available in the Anchorage media , there were a couple things I did n’t know .
Court documents show that Judge Suddock was disturbed by the alleged attacks by Palin and her family members on Wooten ’s behavior and character .
“ Disparaging will not be tolerated — it is a form of child abuse , ” the judge told a settlement hearing in October 2005 , according to typed notes of the proceedings .
The judge added : “ Relatives can not disparage either .
If occurs [ sic ] the parent needs to set boundaries for their relatives . ”
and later in the article
As the divorce case dragged on , the judge ’s concern about family “ disparagement ” appeared to deepen .
In an order signed Jan. 31 , 2006 , which granted Palin ’s sister and Wooten a final divorce decree , Judge Suddock continued to express concern about attacks by Palin ’s family on Wooten .
The judge even threatened to curb Palin ’s sister ’s child custody rights if family criticism of Wooten continued .
In monitoring how a joint - custody arrangement worked out , the judge said in his order that he would pay particular attention to problems noted by a “ custody investigator , ” specifically “ the disparagement of the father [ Wooten ] by the mother [ Molly Hackett , Sarah Palin ’s sister ] and her family members . ”
“ It is the mother ’s [ Hackett ’s ] responsibility to set boundaries for her relatives and insure [ sic ] they respect them , and the disparagement by either parent , or their surrogates is emotional child abuse , ” Judge Suddock wrote .
He added that : “ If the court finds it is necessary due to disparagement in the Mat - Su Valley [ the area north of Anchorage where Palin and her extended family live ] , for the children ’s best interests , it [ the court ] will not hesitate to order custody to the father and a move into Anchorage . ”
Judges and custody investigators do n’t threaten things like that lightly .
It ’s fascinating as stories begin to emerge from the national media .
Alaskans are gasping a bit .
They ’re not used to the national attention , and they ’re not used to what it sounds like to get an objective opinion .
As an Anchorage resident , I can tell you it ’s hard to be objective in a town with only 94,000 households .
Everyone knows everyone , or knows someone who knows them .
There were a couple things , though , that the story did n’t say .
One has to do with the infamous tasering incident in which Trooper Wooten is accused of ‘ tasering his 11 - year old son ’ .
When you hear about someone tasering an 11 - year old , or even ‘ allegedly ’ tasering an 11 - year old , it ’s pretty hard to give them the benefit of the doubt .
That ’s why I was glad that the head of the Public Safety Employees Association , John Cyr , was interviewed two days ago on KUDO radio , and explained the seemingly unforgivable tasering event .
First , the incident happened when the boy asked to see what it felt like , and prove to his friends that he was n’t a “ Mama ’s Boy ” .
Wooten agreed to do it .
According to Cyr , Wooten was a taser instructor , and used a training cartridge on the lightest setting and used alligator clips on the boys shirt , rather than the usual skin contacts .
The burst was less than one second .
Wooten ’s wife was in the room at the time , and the entire family knew of the incident .
It became an issue ONLY when divorce papers were filed .
Wooten acknowledged bad judgment and was disciplined .
Another accusation that gets mentioned frequently is that Wooten was drinking beer in his squad car .
This charge was investigated by an independent investigator who found the charge to be “ unsustained ” .
However , Colonel Julia Grimes , who reviewed the investigation , decided to change the finding of the report to “ sustained ” .
She changed the report on her own and gave no reason .
When John Cyr , who , in 30 years , had never seen a member of the command staff change the report asked her why she did it .
She replied , “ Are you willing to call Sarah Palin a liar ? ”
He said , “ yes ” .
She did n’t respond , and the report stayed changed .
It ’s interesting to note that Grimes had received a two page typed email from Palin in 2005 , calling Wooten a ‘ loose canon ’ and a ‘ ticking timebomb ’ , discussing his marital infidelity and a host of accusations which have since been investigated .
All allegations were settled in 2006 after a thorough investigation .
The investigation resulted in a misdemeanor game violation , and improper use of state equipment .
No charges or complaints have ever been filed against Wooten by any member of the public , other than the Palin family and friends , according to Cyr .
Read the email Palin sent to Col. Julia Grimes – HERE .
Python metaclasses have a reputation for being deep black magic .
Like many aspects of Python , once you get them they 're really quite straightforward .
Metaclasses are n't often useful , but when they are they can simplify complex code .
This article explains the basics of metaclasses by creating a metaclass that applies a decorator to all methods in a class .
This could be for something useful , like profiling , but instead it 's going to apply the selfless decorator from selfless Python .
This makes the self implicit in method declarations .
To follow the example you 'll need the module Byteplay .
There are lots more you can do with metaclasses .
Uses include profiling , registering classes and dynamically creating classes based on external specs .
like database schema .
For a good article on the details and usage of metaclasses , see Python Metaclasses : Who ?
Why ?
When ? ( pdf ) by Richard Jones .
" While reviewing some of our older code , " Rob Jacobs wrote , " I stumbled upon this . "
// NOTE : Please think twice before changing the next line of code ;-D //
Store float binary in char array *(( unsigned int * ) ( & x [ 4 ] ) ) = *( ( unsigned int* ) ( &value ) ) ;
" I showed this to my coworkers , " Rob continued , " and we all agreed : while functional , this sort of thing will land you in your own circle in hell .
I 'd be remiss not to scold the original coder for such bad practices , so I peeked in SVN to see who was responsible . "
$ svn log r3 | rjacobs | Thu , 18 Jul 2002 18:03:46 - 0500 | 10 lines r2 | rjacobs | Mon , 15 Jul 2002 17:47:57 - 0500 | 1 line r1 | rjacobs | Mon , 15 Jul 2002 17:40:08 - 0500 | 34 lines
" Whoops . "
Prepare yourself for this Thursday ’s vice presidential debate by printing out the rules below for this year ’s Vice Presidential Debate Drinking Game !
Without further delay , we bring you the rules .
For Sarah Palin :
Every time Palin mentions one of her kids by name , take the number of drinks corresponding to that child ’s number in her brood ( e.g. 1 drink for Track , 2 drinks for Bristol , 3 drinks for Willow , 4 drinks for Piper and 5 drinks for Trig ) .
If she does not give a name , take 1 drink .
When Palin mentions 9/11 in a textually - relevant manner ( e.g . “ We need to prevent another attack like the one on 9/11 ” ) , take 1 drink .
When Palin mentions 9/11 in a gratuitous , textually - irrelevant manner ( e.g .
“ When my son Track was sent over to Iraq on 9/11 … ” ) , take 2 drinks .
If Palin uses the phrase , “ hockey mom ” , drink until she takes the self - satisfied smirk off her face .
For Joe Biden :
Every time Biden chuckles condescendingly at Sarah Palin , take 1 drink .
Every time Biden chuckles condescendingly at moderator Gwen Ifill , take 2 drinks .
Every time Biden refers to himself in the third person , take 1 drink .
If he uses his full name ( e.g . “ When people ask me , ‘ Joe Biden , how did you become so good looking ? ' ” ) , take 2 drinks .
If Biden points out that despite being less than 1/100th the size , Delaware has more people than Alaska , drink until you see the bottom of your glass .
If either candidate says :
Russia , take 1 drink .
U.S.S.R. , take 2 drinks .
Swimming the Bering Straight , take 3 drinks .
Hillary Clinton , take 1 drink .
Bill Clinton , take 2 drinks .
Monica
Lewinsky , take 3 drinks .
Dick Cheney , take 1 drink .
Tricky Dick , take 2 drinks .
Sucking dick , take 3 drinks .
Finally , if at any point Biden uses the phrase “ I know Geraldine Ferraro ; Geraldine Ferraro is a friend of mine .
Governor , you ’re no Geraldine Ferraro , ” chug your beer , turn off your TV , and shoot yourself in the head .
Note : Slander ’08 only condones drinking irresponsibly during election years when you need it most .
* UPDATE : It has come to our attention that there has been more than one VP drinking game spreading about on the internet .
We ’d like to let you know that ours is the “ Official ” Vice Presidential Drinking Game as it is the only one approved by perennial congressional alcoholic Ted Kennedy and his brain tumor .
Spread ‘ Em :
Twin girls born either side of midnight to be split up in school - because they fall in different academic years
As twin girls , the parents of one - week - old Lexus and Amber Conway expected them to share everything as they grew up .
But the possibility they will be separated for much of their formative years is already hanging over the pair - and all because they were born either side of midnight .
The girls were born just 45 minutes apart on the the night of August 31 , but one arrived before it officially became September 1 and one after .
A matter of minutes means they are now facing being separated at school because their official birthdays fall either side of the division for academic years .
Unique : Newborn twin girls Lexus ( left ) and Amber face being schooled apart because they were born on either side of the cut - off date for academic years
Under the current rules , Lexus would be able to go to school aged four but because she was born slightly later , Amber would have to wait until she was five .
Their parents , Sarah Conway and Ian Caldwell , however , are determined they will not be split up and plan to fight for the next four years to prevent it .
Miss Conway said : ' Doing everything together is what being a twin is all about .
How could I keep one at home and send one to school ?
' I 've been told this is a really unique case and I 'm going to fight to make sure they go to school together even if it takes me the next four years . '
The 37 - year - old administrator gave birth to Lexus naturally at 11.40 pm on August 31 at the Barratt Maternity Unit in Northampton .
Amber was delivered by Caesarean section just 45 minutes later but by that time , it had become September 1 .
' The midwife said it was the first time she had ever heard of this happening to twins , ' Miss Conway , from Northampton , said .
' It 's such a shame for the girls , especially as Amber only missed the cut - off point by a matter of minutes .
' We tried to persuade the registry office to give them both August 31 as their birthdays but they said there was no leeway . '
Determined : Parents Sarah Conway and Ian Caldwell plan to fight to ensure their daughters can go to school at the same time
Mr Caldwell , who is also a twin , said they would teach the girls at home or move to Spain if they cannot start school together .
' My family live in Spain and they have a different academic year so we 'd rather move out there than split up the twins , ' his girlfriend added . .
Keith Reed , chief executive of the charity The Twins and Multiple Births Association , said this was the first case of its kind he had ever heard of .
' It 's highly unusual for twins to be born in separate school years and I hope the local authority gives due regard to the individual needs of the children and family involved , ' he said .
Northamptonshire County Council , the family 's local authority , have also never encountered such a scenario before .
A spokesman said : ' We will need to look into this nearer the time Lexus and Amber are due to start school as part of their overall application for a school place .
' Any decision made will be in the best interests of both children as well as taking into consideration the wishes of the parents . '
San Jose police were investigating two homicides among four shootings that occurred just hours apart in different parts of the city Tuesday , according to the police department .
AP Photo
It was a beautiful day .
Unlimited visibility .
I was on the final approach to the Compton Airport when I lost an engine .
When you 're flying a twin - engine plane , you 've got a power plant on each wing .
When one fails , the plane 's going to favor the other wing -- the plane started to yaw toward the good engine .
It feels like you 're being pulled to one side .
So the first thing you do is bring up power on the good engine and stabilize the plane .
I was n't worried at this point , because I 'm trained to fly this plane on one engine .
I 've been flying for forty - seven years .
I went through the normal procedure at that altitude , which was about seven hundred feet .
I retracted the landing gear .
But bear in mind when you lose an engine and you 're at a low altitude , the plane 's automatically going to lose altitude .
At this point I 'm too low and too slow , but I 'm thinking , Do n't give up the airplane .
Do n't panic .
Put it down as safe as you can and walk away .
Minimize the damage on the ground .
Save my life and my passengers .
The world did n't pass before my eyes .
I did n't think of being afraid .
But we 're at the point where the plane was going so low and so slow that we had to give it up .
I mean , the plane was going to crash .
I knew that .
I did what I had to do to minimize the forward motion .
I wanted to pick the nose up so the plane would fall on the tail and minimize the crash damage .
Unfortunately , the houses were there .
There 's no way I could maneuver the plane away from that .
By the time it came in touch with the ground , we were probably doing twenty miles an hour .
When the plane rolled over , it went nose down through the top of the house and into that woman 's kitchen .
I did n't see anything -- when it started to go down , I had no more control over it , so I covered my head .
– As told to Nicole Tourtelot
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
PRINCETON , NJ --
The latest Gallup Poll Daily tracking update , based on Sept. 26 - 28 polling , shows Barack Obama with a 50 % to 42 % lead over John McCain , unchanged from the prior report .
The trend on the presidential horserace showed Obama building momentum heading into Friday 's debate , moving from a tie earlier in the week to a five percentage point Obama advantage through Friday interviewing ( most of which was conducted before the debate took place ) .
The debate apparently has done nothing to halt or reverse that momentum .
Today 's report includes two full days of interviewing following Friday night 's debate , both of which show Obama with a healthy advantage over McCain .
Tuesday 's report will provide the first fully post - debate three - day rolling average of voter preferences in the presidential election .
A USA Today / Gallup poll conducted on Saturday showed that Americans who saw the debate were more likely to say that Obama did a better job than McCain .
Obama 's 50 % level of support matches his high for the campaign , and his eight - point lead is just one percentage point below his largest , achieved after his international trip in late July .
( To view the complete trend since March 7 , 2008 , click here . )
The national political focus remains largely on the government plan to help rid financial institutions of the bad loans weighing down the economy , a plan for which both McCain and Obama have expressed support .
The next major event on the presidential election calendar is Thursday 's debate between vice presidential candidates Joe Biden and Sarah Palin . -- Jeff Jones
( Click here to see how the race currently breaks down by demographic subgroup . )
Survey Methods
For the Gallup Poll Daily tracking survey , Gallup is interviewing no fewer than 1,000 U.S. adults nationwide each day during 2008 .
The general - election results are based on combined data from Sept. 26 - 28 , 2008 .
For results based on this sample of 2,732 registered voters , the maximum margin of sampling error is ±2 percentage points .
Interviews are conducted with respondents on landline telephones ( for respondents with a land - line telephone ) and cellular phones ( for respondents who are cell phone only ) .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
To provide feedback or suggestions about how to improve Gallup.com , please e-mail feedback@gallup.com .
by Vito Rispo
It ’s easy enough to dismiss Obama ’s statement “ You can put lipstick on a pig , but it ’s still a pig , ” as just an old saying .
But politicians cover every angle .
It ’s their job to be politically correct and think of anything that could possibly offend anyone .
It must have crossed Barack Obama ’s mind when he first read it .
I find it almost inconceivable that he did n’t realize some people would sense an offensive jab at the new female VP of his opponent , Sarah Palin .
A woman who is plastered all over the news these days , much of it about her looks .
That ’s why I ’m convinced the quip was intentional .
Politics is marketing .
How they dress , how they look , what they say , every little nuance of meaning that comes from their lips is carefully managed for the best possible effect .
It ’s obvious to me that Obama and his team crafted that line as a subtle way to connect “ pig ” with “ Palin ” .
And when the McCain people objected , the Obama response was equally crafted : “ They ’re trying to play the gender card ” .
What a genius turn - around .
What an amazing advertising move .
When his opponent voices an objection to a very obvious insult , Obama doubly insults him while at the same time pre-emptively saying they ’re playing the “ minority card ” .
The Obama team is god - like in their marketing savvy .
If only both sides cared about issues as much .
Our daily look at stories and topics that are lighting up the Internets :
MSNBC's Efforts at Neutrality
The recent news that MSNBC's Keith Olbermann and Chris Matthews will no longer serve as election - night anchor chairs has liberal bloggers pointing a finger at the network for bowing to complaints from the right that the anchors are too opinionated .
Bloggers wonder why FOX News remains unconcerned by its " deliberate conservatism " and say that MSNBC 's tie with NBC is partly behind the decision .
One conservative blogger says Olbermann should have been removed anyway for being a " moron . "
" Original Mavericks " Features Unoriginal Lie
A new McCain - Palin ad furthers the message that both Palin and McCain are true reformers — he reformed Washington , she reformed Alaska , the ad says .
Liberal bloggers are jumping on a specific claim in the ad , that Palin " stopped the Bridge to Nowhere , " calling out McCain for repeating the claim even though it has been proved false .
Bloggers say that in response , the Obama campaign has to rebut the maverick theme and link McCain to the Republican Party .
Another blogger hopes the press will hold Palin accountable for the lie , but Matthew Yglesias says it has n't been doing a good job of it so far .
A conservative blogger praises the ad for highlighting Obama 's nonexistent record of reform .
Politico's Ben Smith has the Obama camp 's response for the ad's lie .
Convention Closes Enthusiasm Gap ?
A new Gallup / USA Today poll indicates that John McCain has received a healthy bounce following the Republican National Convention .
Conservative bloggers say the poll is a good prediction of the future and shows that Obama has " big problems . "
A liberal blogger thinks McCain 's lead could grow and says the moderate evangelical vote is " slipping away from Barack Obama . "
While it 's dangerous to predict the future with one poll , the results at least seem to prove that Sarah Palin has played a big role in eliminating the GOP 's enthusiasm gap .
Photo : Johan Spanner for The New York Times
related
THE truth is out there -- and if a senior garda , a Fianna Fail politician and a pilot are to be believed , aliens are keeping a close eye on us from above .
Dramatic eye - witness testimony was heard at a conference over the weekend which , delegates were told , provided " definitive " proof of recent UFO activity in the skies around north Dublin and Meath .
Footage , filmed on a camera phone at 10.35 pm on August 3 near Dunboyne was also played and replayed to over 70 delegates who attended the fifth Irish International UFO conference in Carrick - on - Shannon .
The triangular shaped image , with lights at each point , which appeared to send a red laser - type light towards earth , drew gasps of amazement from the 70 or so delegates who attended the world premiere of the footage .
Unusual
A senior garda officer who was driving when he noticed the unusual light formation in the sky stopped to film it .
" There is no footage like this in the world .
It is the most amazing and spectacular I have ever seen , " said Carl Nally , co-founder of UFO and Paranormal Research Ireland and joint author of ' Conspiracy of Silence ' .
Five days earlier , on July 29 , an off - duty pilot who photographed lightning from Howth pier just after midnight later noticed what appeared to be a triangular - shaped object to the right of the lightning fork in the developed image .
And Fianna Fail Town Councillor in Trim , Jimmy Peppard , ran indoors for a camera on August 8 when he spotted a triangular - shaped object measuring " about a mile in diameter " in the sky , where it remained static for about half an hour .
" What we have here is sightings of three objects east , west and south - east of Dublin airport , each five days apart by reliable and trained observers and even since I have arrived here I have received another image from a pilot , " Mr Nally told the conference .
He later described the laser beam footage as the best footage on the planet and said it would be shown all over the world .
" This is what the sceptics are crying out for .
What all this footage has in common is that trained observers , honest people , took it .
What better could you get than a senior garda , a politician and a pilot , " he said .
He added that he would not rule out speculation that increased UFO activity in the north Dublin and Meath areas was linked to the road construction works near Tara .
" We can not rule this out as a possibility .
We are talking about a very ancient sacred place , " he said .
Ross Hemsworth , who presents a TV show on Sky which investigates the paranormal , said he would reserve judgment until he examined the footage more closely .
" There have been a lot of sightings in Ireland in a lot of strange places and the proximity to the digging of the motorway may have opened things up , " he said .
Delegates at the two - day event , organised by Betty Meyler , President of the UFO Society of Ireland , otherwise immersed themselves in talk of orbs , luminosity , crop circles , alien abductions and star children .
And ex-oilfield executive Ian Crane warned of plans for a fake alien invasion to be staged at the 2012 Olympics in London by the terrorists behind 9/11 and other atrocities , in their quest for global control .
For organiser Betty Meyler the conference provided an opportunity for like - minded people to come together and make friends .
" Before , people were afraid to report sightings because they did not want to be thought of as ' cuckoo ' but that has changed now , " she said .
It ’s 3 a.m. , a few months into 2009 , and the phone in the White House rings .
Several big hedge funds are about to fail , says the voice on the line , and there ’s likely to be chaos when the market opens .
Whom do you trust to take that call ?
I ’m not being melodramatic .
The bailout plan released yesterday is a lot better than the proposal Henry Paulson first put out  sufficiently so to be worth passing .
But it ’s not what you ’d actually call a good plan , and it wo n’t end the crisis .
The odds are that the next president will have to deal with some major financial emergencies .
So what do we know about the readiness of the two men most likely to end up taking that call ?
Well , Barack Obama seems well informed and sensible about matters economic and financial .
John McCain , on the other hand , scares me .
About Mr. Obama : it ’s a shame that he did n’t show more leadership in the debate over the bailout bill , choosing instead to leave the issue in the hands of Congressional Democrats , especially Chris Dodd and Barney Frank .
But both Mr. Obama and the Congressional Democrats are surrounded by very knowledgeable , clear - headed advisers , with experienced crisis managers like Paul Volcker and Robert Rubin always close at hand .
Jamaican political leader , who was a staunch proponent of the Black nationalism and Pan -Africanism movements , founder the Universal Negro Improvement Association and African Communities League ( UNIA - ACL ) , founder of the Black Star Line , which promoted the return of the African diaspora to their ancestral lands .
The newly built Shanghai World Financial Center stands taller than other high - rises near the Huangpu River .
PROJECTS KEEP CHINA MOVING PROJECTS KEEP CHINA MOVING
A glance at some of China 's transportation projects : Rail
The world 's fastest bullet train , which can go up to 236 mph , is being developed to cut the journey between Beijing and Shanghai by two - thirds to four hours .
The 808 - mile trip is roughly the distance from New York to Chicago .
The $ 182 billion spending boom from 2006 to 2010 will increase the rail network to 58,906 miles .
Subways are being built in 15 cities 170 mass transit systems could be built by 2025 .
Airports China will spend $ 62 billion on 97 new airports by 2020 , when the government hopes that eight of 10 residents will live within 60 miles of an airport .
Last month , workers finished the runway at an airport that is 2.4 miles above sea level , at Yushu on the Tibet - Qinghai plateau .
A higher airport , at Gunsa in western Tibet , 2.6 miles high , will open as the Himalayan region 's fourth civil airport in 2010 .
Roads China is building at least 3,107 miles of expressways this year , taking the national total to almost 37,300 miles , second only to the USA .
The 2020 target is 52,817 miles .
The ambitious plans , currently only on the drawing board , include an expressway over the mountains to Tibet and another by undersea tunnel to Taiwan .
Sources : Chinese Ministry of Railways , Chinese Ministry of Construction , General Administration of Civil Aviation , China Daily , Xinhua News Agency and McKinsey Global Institute Beijing building goes beyond Olympics BEIJING 
The Olympic Games are over , leaving Beijing with stunning structures such as the Bird's Nest stadium and multiple new subway lines , but one of the greatest building booms in history is far from finished .
Despite the global economic slowdown , the Chinese government is steaming ahead with large - scale projects to turn this rural nation into an urban , industrial powerhouse .
The projects range from the world 's fastest train and the world 's largest Ferris wheel to legions of skyscrapers and thousands of miles of highways .
China " is spending massive amounts on infrastructure , " says Stephen Green , an economist at Standard Chartered Bank in Shanghai .
Fixed - asset investment , a major pillar of the national economy , stands at 45 % of the gross domestic product — a " world - record - breaking number , " Green says .
In comparison , Korea , Japan and Singapore never broke 40 % when they were developing at their fastest pace , Green says .
Basis for growth
The results are hard to miss .
" When you travel around China , you see new airports being built , new skyscrapers going up and a lot of new multilane roads , often very empty , but the U.S. interstate highways were empty , too , at first , " Green says .
" They can provide a solid basis for long - term growth . "
The country 's tallest building , the 101 - story Shanghai World Financial Center , opened at the end of August in the metropolitan area of more than 20 million people that was already crowded with skyscrapers .
By 2025 , an additional 5 million buildings — including up to 50,000 skyscrapers , or the equivalent of 10 New York Cities — could be built in China , the McKinsey Global Institute , a U.S. consulting firm , predicted in a March report .
China could end up with as many as 221 cities that each have a population above 1 million , as a result of hundreds of millions of farmers moving to urban areas .
That 's good news for U.S. firms such as Caterpillar , a leading maker of construction equipment , which expects a record $ 2 billion in sales in China this year .
China 's construction boom " is unequaled by anywhere else in the world , " says Martin Bryant , director of WesTrac , the Caterpillar dealer for northern China .
" Growth will continue for at least the next two years .
There will not be a post - Olympic slowdown in construction , as there is still capital to be invested " in the country 's five - year plan for 2006 - 2010 , Bryant says .
China is packing into decades what the West took centuries to achieve , says Hu Xingdou , an economics professor at the Beijing University of Technology .
He says the effort is driven by the government 's strong grip on the economy , despite three decades of capitalist - style changes .
" Just 62 miles from Beijing , you can visit very poor villages , so there is clearly a great need for investment in infrastructure , " Hu says .
China 's communist government enjoys another advantage , he says .
In the USA or India , " the democratic system can often bring greater costs and delays to projects .
China does not face this trouble .
But a totalitarian system also has costs , and the consequences can be more serious , " Hu says , referring to shoddy construction of schools that collapsed in an earthquake in May .
Largest Ferris wheel
One eye - catching Beijing project to start next year is being billed as the world 's largest Ferris wheel — 682 feet tall when it opens in 2010 .
The $ 290 million privately funded venture would dwarf the famous London Eye ( 443 feet high ) and the original wheel ( 262 feet ) built by George Ferris for the 1893 World 's Columbian Exposition in Chicago .
" On a good clear day , you 'll see the Great Wall and the Western Hills " during the 30 - minute " flight " in one of 48 air - conditioned capsules , says the Beijing Great Wheel 's marketing manager Gerald Ang .
" Unfortunately , that does n't happen very often in Beijing , " he says , referring to the city 's smog .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Rails-2.0がリリースされて半年が過ぎ、既にRails-2.1もリリースされているというのにRubricksはいまだにRails-1.2.6で動いている。というのも、Rubricksが使っているComponentsの仕組みそのものがRails2で消失してしまったため。
他の数多 のPluginのように外出しされたとかなら兎も角、完全に無くなってしまったのは痛い。かといって、泣き言ばっかり言ってても仕方ないので最近重い腰をあげてRails-2.1のソースを読み込んでます。
Rails2の特徴の1つとして、「セキュリティの向上」が謳われている。その内容は主に以下の2点である。
CSRF 対策 sanitizeの方式がホワイトリスト方式に変更
こ の2点 、Rubricks Projectで提供しているrails_protection pluginと完璧に被るので、まずはこの周辺から読み込んでみる。
Rails2で追加されたCSRF対策( request_forgery_protection )の特徴は以下の通りとなっている。
ランダムな文字列を自動生成し、セッションに保持する
SecureRandomを利用して生成する SecureRandomが利用できない場合はMD5のダイジェスト値を利用する :secretオプションで独自に文字列を指定することが可能
上記文字列のダイジェスト値をトークンとしてform_tagで自動的に付与する
利用するハッシュアルゴリズムはSHA1 :digestオプションでハッシュアルゴリズムを指定することが可能
コントローラで宣言したアクションの処理時に上記トークンの照合を行う 例外としてGETリクエストに関しては照合を行わない
さて、ここまで読んだところでrequest_forgery_protectionには大きく3つの欠点があるように感じる。
GET リクエストをスルーしているため根本的にCSRF対策になっていない
宣言したアクションだけにしか適用されないので開発者の宣言漏れの可能性がつきまとう
FORMタグを使う部分は問題ないが、JavaScriptでAJAXリクエストを発行する時は自前でトークンを付け加えてあげないといけない
１のGETリクエストをスルーする仕様に関しては、かなり致命的な問題である。例えば、以下のようなコントローラがあったとする。
==[/app/controllers/index_controller.rb]==== class IndexController < ApplicationController def index end def show end def update People.update ( params [ : id ] , params [ : people ] ) redirect_to :action => ' index ' end end ==[/config/routes.rb]====
ActionController :: Routing ::Routes.draw do |map| map.connect ': controller/:action /:id ' end
このようなAPに対して攻撃者が以下のような攻撃サイトを用意して、それを正規ユーザが踏めばCSRF攻撃が成立する。
Rails開発陣がどのような意図でGETリクエストをスルーする仕様にしたのか、確かなところはわからないが、Rails2ではRESTfulなAP以外を想定していないのではないかと個人的には思う。要はActiveResorce使えよ、ってことね。ActiveResorceを前提とすると先のコードは以下のようになる。
==[/app/controllers/people_controller.rb]==== class PeopleController < ApplicationController def index end def show end def update People.update ( params [ : id ] , params [ : people ] ) redirect_to :action => ' index ' end end ==[/config/routes.rb]====
ActionController :: Routing :: Routes .draw do |map| map.resources : people end
このよう なAPの場合、#GET / people / 1 で参照、 # POST / people / 1 で更新となるため、GETリクエストで更新処理を試行することができない。このため「request_forgery_protection」は正常に機能し、CSRF攻撃からAPを保護することができる。
つまり、「request_forgery_protection」はRails2での基本思想である「RESTful」に準拠するAPは保護するけど、「map.connect」を使ってるようなレガシーなAPは保護しませんよーという事なのだと思う。
では、レガシー なAPをCSRF攻撃から守る機能をFW的に提供するためにはどうすればいいか。rails_protection pluginでは以下のような考えで保護機構を提供している。
更新系のリクエス ト( POST / PUT /DELETE ) はトークンの照合を行う セッションIDをベースにトークンを生成する
環境変数でトークン生成時に使うハッシュアルゴリズムを指定可能
参照系のリクエス ト( GET / HEAD / OPTION 等 ) はDB更新を禁止する リクエストに関わる処理でAR#saveもしくはAR#destroyが叩かれると例外を発生する
GETリクエストでも更新処理が必要な場合のためにARオブジェクトにフラグをセットすることで例外の発生を回避可能
参照系のリクエストにおいて、基本的にDB更新処理を禁止することによって、上述のようなGETリクエストを利用したCSRF攻撃を回避することができる。
長くなったので２・３の論点に関しては後で書く。
CARACAS ( Reuters ) - President Hugo Chavez said on Sunday Venezuela will develop a nuclear reactor for peaceful purposes , in another challenge to Washington just days after Russia offered nuclear assistance to the socialist Latin American leader .
Venezuela 's President Hugo Chavez speaks to journalists following a meeting with France 's President Nicolas Sarkozy at the Elysee Palace in Paris September 26 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Philippe Wojazer
“ In Venezuela we are interested in development of nuclear energy , of course for peaceful purposes , for medical purposes , for purposes of electricity generation , ” Chavez said at a political rally .
“ Brazil has various nuclear reactors , so does Argentina .
We will have ours . ”
Chavez noted that Venezuela , which is a member of the oil - producing cartel OPEC , developed a nuclear reactor decades ago but abandoned it under pressure from the United States .
He said Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin had offered help with a reactor , adding that “ we already have a commission working on this issue . ”
Chavez did not offer details or say when a reactor could be ready , but the news could further strain relations with Washington , which views Chavez as autocratic and erratic .
He has repeatedly challenged Washington , notably by defending Iran ’s nuclear activities despite strong condemnation by the United States and Europe .
This month Chavez expelled the U.S. ambassador to Venezuela and repeated his frequent threats to halt oil sales that make up around 10 percent of U.S. oil imports .
Venezuela has boosted cooperation with Moscow since Russia came under strong U.S. condemnation for fighting a war against Georgia last month , strengthening ties between two of the United States ’ strongest critics .
Russia and Venezuela have also signed 12 arms contracts worth a total of $ 4.4 billion in the last two years , according to a Kremlin source .
Consumers spent more in June , but only because the things they bought cost more .
Driven primarily by energy and food prices , inflation grew 0.8 percent over May , the biggest monthly increase since September 2005 , the Bureau of Economic Analysis reported on Monday .
Spending , by comparison , grew just 0.6 percent in June .
“ Inflation is intensifying , and that is the main source of weakness in consumer spending , ” said Dean Maki , chief United States economist at Barclays .
High food and energy prices continue to drive overall prices .
Without food and energy , core inflation grew at a more modest 0.3 percent over May .
The prices of nondurable goods  the most current measure of food and energy prices kept by the bureau , adding in items like clothing  recorded the biggest year - over - year increase since July 1981 .
Image Shoppers on Michigan Avenue in Chicago .
The government said that spending grew 0.6 percent in June over May , but inflation grew 0.8 percent .
Credit ... Russel A. Daniels / Associated Press
Stock prices fell in response to the news , but recovered some ground before closing lower .
Oil fell $ 3.69 , to $ 121.41 a barrel , partly on anticipation that struggling consumers would not be buying as much , but also on reports that a developing storm in the Gulf of Mexico would miss offshore oil operations .
The Dow Jones industrial average and the broader Standard & Poor ’s 500 - stock index ended the trading day down slightly .
NIST claims that the collapse of Building 7 is “ The first known instance of fire causing the total collapse of a tall building ” .
We are actually being asked to believe the impossible - that WTC 7 was the only building in history to have defied all precedent and suffered a complete and almost instantaneous collapse from fire damage alone , despite this being an impossibility if one accepts the basic laws of physics as accurate .
The issue of molten metal , which was discovered under both the twin towers and WTC 7 , suggesting an extremely hot burning agent was used in the demolition process , is completely ignored in NIST ’s report , despite it being acknowledged in Appendix C of FEMA ’s World Trade Center Building PerformanceSource : Paul Joseph Watson for Prison Planet
DIGG THIS
Service is a pervasive blessing of a free - market society — or even a society as cankered with collectivism as ours has become .
Every second of each day , countless acts of service are being rendered .
They are performed by auto mechanics and attorneys , doctors and dog groomers , musicians and manicurists ; service is given by “ sales ” associates in our much - maligned retail superstores , by taxi drivers , by convenience store clerks .
Those services are offered in voluntary exchange for money ( well , the government - issued simulacrum of the same ) on terms that are mutually beneficial to the buyer and seller .
Altruistic service likewise abounds in the United States .
It takes place in families , religious communities , private clubs and fraternal organizations , and in the form of spontaneous individual acts of conscience .
To an advocate of “ National Service , ” however , none of these activities are innately worthwhile .
They have n’t been mandated or certified by the State .
Thus they are missing the magic ingredient that supposedly makes government “ service ” morally superior to the private variety : Coercion .
From that perspective , the janitor who cleans up a shopping mall in exchange for a paycheck is to be disdained as someone seeking his own economic benefit , while an AmeriCorps “ volunteer ” who cleans up a public park in exchange for money extorted from taxpayers at gunpoint is to be celebrated as the embodiment of the Common Good .
Yes , they both perform the same function , but only the labor of the latter has been consecrated through the exercise of government coercion .
Contemporary advocates of National Service , whether they admit it or not , seek to install coercion — not commerce or contract — as the organizing principle of the economy .
They likewise seek to indoctrinate young Americans in the idea that human needs are best met through social regimentation administered by a supervisory elite .
And behind the conceit expressed in the common refrain that National Service teaches a person to serve something “ larger than himself ” looms the murderous assumption that the individual exists to serve the pleasure of the State .
All of this explains why modern collectivists , from the Jacobins to the Bolsheviks to their disavowed but unmistakable kindred , the Fascists and National Socialists , have made compulsory universal “ service ” a central pillar of their totalitarian platforms .
The Jacobins fought a civil war against the heroic Vendeans in the effort to impose conscription — for both military service and forced labor — on a recalcitrant population .
Decades later , the demand for universal , state - mandated labor and the conscription of “ industrial armies ” was the eighth plank of the Communist Manifesto .
After the founding of the Soviet regime , Vladimir Lenin insisted that each of its subjects consider himself part of a “ great army of free labor ” to be used as the Bolshevik oligarchy saw fit .
“ The generation that is now 15 years old … must arrange all the tasks of their education in such a way that every day , in every city , the young people shall engage in the practical solution of the problems of common labor , even of the smallest , most simple kind , ” declared the founding Soviet dictator .
A nearly identical ethic of common servitude was championed by the Fascist regime founded by Benito Mussolini .
Fascist theoretician Alfredo Rocco declared : “ For Fascism , society is the end , individuals the means , and its whole life consists in using individuals as instruments for its social ends . ”
In his 1936 book The Philosophy of Fascism , Mario Palmieri explained that under Mussolini ’s variant of quasi - socialist collectivism , “ a true , a great spiritual life cannot take place unless the State has risen to a position of pre-eminence in the world of man .
The curtailment of liberty thus becomes justified … with this need of raising the State to its rightful position . ”
The “ rightful position ” Palmieri alludes to , of course , is master .
Not many people realize that nearly two decades before Mussolini ’s ideological priesthood taught those tenets in Italy , the same gospel of collectivism was being preached in the United States under the reign of the despicable Woodrow Wilson .
In fact , there ’s a strong case to be made that fascism and national socialism were invented by American collectivists , rather than their counterparts in Italy or Germany .
Bernard Baruch , chairman of Wilson ’s War Industries Board ( and the son of a German who fled that country to avoid conscription ) unflinchingly espoused the concept of state ownership of its subjects in an August 7 , 1918 newspaper editorial :
“ Every man ’s life is at the call of the nation and so must be every man ’s property .
We are living today in a highly organized state of socialism .
The state is all ; the individual is of importance only as he contributes to the welfare of the state .
His property is his only as the state does not need it .
He must hold his life and possessions at the call of the state . ”
Responding to those who condemned conscription as a form of impermissible enforced servitude , Baruch assumed that there is some ineffable quality of government that elevates and purifies officially sanctioned slavery .
“ Enforced and involuntary service for a private master , ” Baruch insisted , “ is and has been clearly and repeatedly defined by our Supreme Court as slavery . ”
But this was n’t true of those drafted into the military , or into industrial armies through the Wilson regime ’s “ Work or Fight ” program : “ A soldier serves the nation directly .
There is but one master in the case and that master is America .
He serves to profit no one but the country as a whole ” — or , more honestly stated , the government ruling the country .
As someone who lusted to impose an austere uniformity upon irrepressibly individualistic Americans , Baruch was sorely disappointed when World War I ended so quickly .
“ Had the war gone on another year , our whole civil population would have gradually emerged ( as wardrobes and inventories became exhausted ) in cheap but serviceable uniform , ” he wrote wistfully in his book American Industry in the War , published in 1941 as the Regime in Washington geared up for a second mass bloodletting .
“ Types of shoes were to be reduced to two or three .
The manufacture of pleasure automobiles was to cease . ”
Although Baruch and his comrades failed to consummate their desire to transform America into a dull gray collectivist monolith , the former War Commissar could take some satisfaction in knowing that his work was appreciated abroad .
Writing of Germany ’s National Socialist regime , Baruch proudly noted : “ German military experts have said , u2018 Except for a few minor changes , the German economic mobilization system was conscientiously built in imitation of the similar American system . ' ”
Let me repeat , and italicize , that admission :
Bernard Baruch , the architect of Wilson ’s wartime collectivist state , was proud that the Nazi regime was using his program of universal conscription as the blueprint for their own totalitarian order .
A few years before Baruch the Malignant was put in charge of the American economy , social philosopher and psychologist William James devised a slightly different framework for universal slavery .
In a 1910 essay of the same name , James introduced a concept that has since become an exceptionally tiresome rhetorical trope : “ The Moral Equivalent of War . ”
As a self - described pacifist , James sought to extract “ the higher aspects of military sentiment ” from the “ bestial side of the war - regime . ”
Like many social engineers who write with extended pinky fingers , James found that there was something about the regimentation and pageantry of militarism that stirred his loins .
He mused that there must be some way to preserve the collectivist advantages of war , without all of that icky bloodshed .
Why not have “ a conscription of the whole youthful [ male ] population to form for a certain number of years a part of the army enlisted against Nature , ” wrote James , using the term to describe both the physical challenges of a country that was still part wilderness , and those elements of youthful human nature James found disagreeable .
“ To coal and iron mines , to freight trains , to fishing fleets in December , to dish - washing , clothes - washing , and window - washing , to road - building and tunnel - making , to foundries and stoke - holes , and to the frames of skyscrapers , would our gilded youths be drafted off , according to their choice , to get the childishness knocked out of them , and to come back into society with healthier sympathies and soberer ideas , ” wrote James .
“ They would have paid their blood - tax *….
Such a conscription , with the state of public opinion that would have required it , and the many moral fruits it would bear , would preserve in the midst of a pacific civilization the manly virtues which the military party is so afraid of seeing disappear in peace . ”
Once again , young men perform all of the various kinds of “ service ” referred to by James — as employees or even as business owners .
But this wo n’t do .
Only conscripted service will accomplish what he , like other statists , desired : Teach the youngster to put the State at the center of his life , impressing upon him the idea that he belongs to the State , and that anything he has can be demanded of him by the State at any time .
Just as importantly , it would preserve the chief “ benefit ” of war by imposing quasi-military regimentation on young Americans during peacetime .
Roughly a century later , Time ’s Richard Stengel dumbed down and reheated William James ’s proposal in “ A Time to Serve , ” an essay he published in his little magazine roughly a year ago .
“ It may seem like a strange moment to make the case for national service for young Americans when so many are already doing so much , ” writes Stengel .
“ Young men and women have made their patriotism all to real by volunteering to fight two wars on foreign soil .
But we have battlefields in America , too — particularly in education and health care — and the commitment of soldiers abroad has left others yearning to make a parallel commitment here at home . ”
Two elements of this paragraph shriek out for a response .
First , Stengel identifies education and health care as two areas desperately in need of help .
This is n’t surprising , given the amount of government involvement in those two fields .
This illustrates one of the nastiest hidden aspects of the “ National Service ” concept : Government creates or exacerbates social problems through corrupt intervention , and then forces people to work for free on behalf of a government - mandated “ solution . ”
Secondly , young people face no impediments should they feel a calling to help clean up the government - created messes in education or health care , or to offer uncompensated service for any other cause .
Stengel ’s disingenuous language about a national service program being a boon to those who want to make a “ commitment ” of that kind is a variant on a familiar theme — the idea that conscription would “ give youngsters an opportunity to serve , ” as if such opportunities did n’t exist .
Young people face no shortage of opportunities to enlist in the military , or in any of the numerous government - created “ service ” organizations .
The real intent is to reduce their opportunities by forcing them to serve .
Stengel , a co-chairman of the elitist pro-servitude lobby Service Nation , proposes that Americans between the ages of 18 and 25 be required to spend at least one year in “ national or military service . ”
This would n’t be “ mandatory , ” he insists , because in his scheme it would be the taxpayers who are coerced : “ Every time an American baby is born , the Federal Government would invest $ 5,000 in that child ’s name in a 529 - type fund [ a college savings account ] … .
At a rate of return of 7 % — the historic return for equities — that money would total roughly $ 19,000 by the time that baby reaches age 19 . ”
The money would be released after the youngster has paid the “ blood tax ” of national service .
Stengel ’s proposal is just one version of what has become the semi-official template for a new conscription program : Various proposals are circulating in which a year or more of “ national or military service ” would be required of young Americans as a condition of college admission , or financial aid for college .
Rep. Charles Rangel ( D - New York ) , who has sponsored legislation to reinstate the military draft based on that concept , has pointed out that although young people could request domestic assignments of various kinds , the final decision as to where the subjects would serve would be made by their masters : “ [ I ]t would seem to me that … you bring everybody in , and then you determine what can you do with them , what contribution can they make ? …
We can train people to do these non-military jobs .
They can go overseas .
They can stay here .
They could be the eyes and ears . ”
Those who volunteer for military service today have no control over how or where they serve , and find that the government reserves the power to redefine its service contract at whim .
Why should we believe that a universal mandatory service program would operate any differently ?
This September 11 — 12 , Service Nation will hold a two - day summit in New York City to inaugurate a year - long campaign to enact a mandatory universal service program .
Organizers anticipate the involvement of both John McCain and Barack Obama , who represent complementary halves of the mandatory service concept .
The notoriously bellicose McCain lusts for the manpower necessary to carry out various wars and foreign occupations that would last for generations .
Barack the Blessed ( we pause now for a moment of chastened reverence ) has proposed the creation of a “ civilian national security force ” that would be “ just as powerful , just as strong ” as the military .
And like all advocates of government - administered “ service , ” Obama believes that “ volunteering ” works best when it is mandatory under penalty of law .
His wife Michelle — who once ordered people in an economically depressed Ohio community to eschew lucrative corporate employment and instead serve as instruments of the State — has predicted that as ruler Obama will “ demand that you shed your cynicism . . .
That you come out of your isolation , that you move out of your comfort zones .
That you push yourselves to be better .
And that you engage .
Barack will never allow you to go back to your lives as usual ….. ” ( Emphasis added . )
Whether it takes the form of a military draft , or the creation of huge armies of state - supervised “ free labor , ” National Service is designed to make the State the central focus in the life of every individual .
It is a perverse political sacrament intended to compel subjects to seek first the good of the State and its supposed righteousness .
Rather than catechizing them in collectivism , young people desperately need to be taught that the only genuine public service is that which takes place through commerce and contract , rather than coercion .
They should be helped to understand that a youngster who flips hamburgers or mows laws in exchange for a private paycheck is performing a socially useful service immeasurably superior to the purported “ service ” performed by tax - subsidized drones .
They should be instructed to despise the State and oppose all of its works and pomps — its fraudulent currency , its fictional reserve banking system , its wars both domestic and foreign .
They should be raised to see the State for what it is :
The grand impediment to all genuine social progress and the greatest source of needless death and misery in human history .
To put it in a single phrase :
Young people must be taught to shun the State as their mortal enemy , rather than to embrace it as their redeemer .
* To anyone possessed of so much as a whisper of historical perspective , the phrase “ blood tax ” has a chilling resonance :
That expression originally referred to the practice of the Ottoman Turks of stealing young Christian boys , forcibly indoctrinating them in Islam , and deploying them as Janissaries — occupation forces and tax collectors for the Sultan .
The Best of William Norman Grigg
Gordon Brown was quizzed at his Downing Street press conference
In full : Glasgow East candidates Gordon Brown has refused to be drawn on what defeat for Labour in the Glasgow East by - election could mean for him as prime minister .
He also sidestepped criticism from the Catholic Church about the government 's stance on abortion and embryology .
Mr Brown 's comments came at his monthly press conference at Downing Street .
Campaigning has continued in the seat with all the main parties canvassing for votes .
The by - election will take place on 24 July .
Asked if losing the Glasgow East contest would make his own position " untenable " , Mr Brown told reporters : " We have a very good candidate in Glasgow East - Margaret Curran .
" She is a very experienced local person who is fighting a very good local campaign and she is doing very well .
" I 'm not going to comment further . "
' Ethical credibility '
Mr Brown also said he would not be visiting the constituency as it was " not the tradition of prime ministers to go to by - elections " .
The prime minister was also asked if the Catholic Church was trying to " hijack " the by - election after Bishop Joseph Devine , of Motherwell , wrote to Scottish Labour MPs over the Human Fertilisation and Embryology Bill .
In the letter , Bishop Devine said that while the government had won a Commons vote on the Bill in May , it had in the process " lost its ethical credibility in the nation at large " .
But Mr Brown said he did n't believe any " new issues " had been raised by the letter .
" I think we have to respect the fact that the House of Commons voted on a free vote on all these controversial issues related to the human embryology bill and made its views very clear .
" I believe we had a full debate , it was an informed debate , everybody had the chance to put their view .
" There was a free vote for MPs and a decision was reached . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
There 's a lot confusing information out there about how the next president will tax the rich .
But one chart boils it all down .
It comes courtesy of the Tax Policy Institute and I 've reproduced it below .
It shows the average percentage change in after - tax income for various groups in 2009 .
The blue bar is Barack Obama and the red bar is John McCain .
Not surprisingly , Mr. Obama 's plan helps those at the bottom of the wealth ladder while Mr. McCain 's plan helps those at the top .
What 's most striking , however , is the divergence ...
WHITE RIVER , Ont . — Passengers who witnessed a man viciously attack a 20 - year - old fellow passenger on a Greyhound bus bound for Winnipeg over the weekend are demanding to know why police put the alleged attacker on the bus in the first place .
Anita Daher , a Winnipeg author sitting behind the driver when the attack occurred , said she watched police put David Roberts on the bus in Wawa , Ont. , on Sunday afternoon as it travelled west between Toronto and Winnipeg .
Shortly after , she heard a commotion from the back of the bus and saw a man clutching his chest in pain .
As Daher dialled 911 , she said Roberts demanded to be let off the bus before the next scheduled stop near White River , roughly halfway between Thunder Bay and Sault Ste. Marie .
Police arrested him a short time later on the side of the Trans - Canada Highway .
Roberts , from Manitouwadge , about 400 kilometres east of Thunder Bay , was charged with aggravated assault and two counts of breach of probation .
He is scheduled to appear for a bail hearing Tuesday morning .
It ’s unthinkable that another attack could have occurred after the gruesome beheading of a young carnival worker on a Greyhound in Manitoba this summer , Daher said .
It ’s also not clear why police would have put him on the bus in the first place , she added .
“ I certainly want to know how this happened , ” Daher said in an interview shortly after finally returning to Winnipeg on Monday afternoon .
“ I would certainly like to see some security measures put in place .
We want to see Greyhound take action . ”
Provincial police say they were “ assisting ” local officers with the alleged attacker shortly before he boarded the bus .
But Ontario provincial police Const .
James
Searle said he could n’t comment further since it occurred within the jurisdiction of local police .
“ We ’re still looking to see if we can determine . . . a little bit more in terms of the actual chronology of the events , ” Searle said .
“ That investigative procedure is still ongoing . ”
Calls to the Wawa police service were n’t returned but CBC News reported local police arrested Roberts for causing a disturbance earlier on Sunday and released him .
Roberts reportedly requested psychological help and was taken to hospital by police where he was deemed not to be a threat , CBC said .
Police then purchased him a bus ticket when he asked to go home , which the force says is common practice .
The victim and his attacker do n’t appear to have known each other so police are still trying to determine what motivated the attack , Searle said .
The 20 - year - old victim , who has not been identified , was taken to hospital in Wawa and later transferred to Sault Ste. Marie .
The man ’s injuries were not serious and he ’s expected to be released from hospital shortly , Searle said .
Although Daher said it was n’t clear whether the young victim had a deep wound or a shallow one , Searle would not confirm the victim had been stabbed .
“ Until that full investigation is completed , it ’s down as an assault at this time but he is charged with aggravated assault , ” Searle said .
Floyd Sabourin , a Pic Mobert First Nation resident who was riding the bus at the time of the incident , said he had been dozing near the alleged victim when he heard voices yelling about “ someone having a knife . ”
It was n’t clear if the victim had been stabbed , “ but he was bleeding , anyway , ” Sabourin told a Thunder Bay newspaper .
“ It was pretty loud . ”
The incident has n’t soured him on taking the bus but Sabourin said something must be done to prevent future attacks .
The latest attack comes as Greyhound continues reviewing bus security — a taxpayer - funded “ risk - assessment ” which has been going on for more than a year - and - a - half .
Greyhound spokeswoman Abby Wambaugh would n’t comment on the ongoing police investigation but said the bus company got a grant from Transport Canada to review the risks posed to passengers riding on bus lines like Greyhound .
The assessment looks at current security measures and whether changes need to be made , she said .
But Wambaugh said she did n’t know when the assessment might be finished .
“ Once that ’s complete , we will work with ( Transport Canada ) and talk with them about our recommendations and discuss what — if any — security measures makes sense to be implemented for inner-city bus transportation , ” Wambaugh said from Dallas .
Transport Canada would n’t comment on the incident .
There were 14 passengers on board Sunday ’s bus to Winnipeg .
Daher said she deliberately sat at the front because McLean had been stabbed at the back of the Greyhound on which he had been riding .
After letting off the accused , the driver continued to White River , where an ambulance rushed the victim to hospital .
The remaining passengers were questioned by police and then put back on a Reid Bus Line charter en route to Thunder Bay before heading to their final destination .
PHILADELPHIA —
What a long , strange trip it ’s been .
Over the course of his five - decade career the comic artist R. Crumb has gone from hero of the hippie underground to toast of the international art world .
Founder of the deliriously psychedelic and ribald Zap Comix during the Haight - Ashbury wonder years , he has more recently contributed comic strips made in collaboration with his wife , Aline Kominsky Crumb , to The New Yorker .
In 2004 he was included in the Carnegie International and had a career retrospective at the Ludwig Museum in Cologne , Germany .
Now the Institute of Contemporary Art here offers “ R. Crumb ’s Underground , ” an excellent opportunity to ponder Mr. Crumb ’s incredible journey .
This enthralling selection of more than 100 works from all phases of his career was organized by Todd Hignite , the publisher and editor of Comic Art magazine , for the Yerba Buena Center for the Arts in San Francisco , where it was on view in 2007 .
Mr. Crumb is not the only artist to cross over from the comic - book ghetto to the fine - art museum .
Gary Panter , Chris Ware and Daniel Clowes are just three of the better - known contemporary cartoonists who have helped to make the comic book a form to be taken seriously by sophisticated adults .
But Mr. Crumb — a draftsman of transcendent skill , inventiveness and versatility , a fearlessly irreverent , excruciatingly funny satirist of all things modern and progressively high - minded , and an intrepid explorer of his own twisted psyche — remains the genre ’s gold standard .
Image R. Crumbs Underground
One of the more than 100 works in this exhibition at the Institute of Contemporary Art in Philadelphia .
Credit ... Courtesy of Denis Kitchen Art Agency
Born in Philadelphia in 1943 , Mr. Crumb ( first name , Robert ) never went to art school .
He learned to draw under the tutelage of his older brother , Charles , also an aspiring comic artist .
In the early 1960s he designed greeting cards for the American Greetings Corporation in Cleveland .
In 1967 he moved to San Francisco , where he would create some of the most memorable characters in cartoon history , including the irascible guru Mr. Natural and his hapless foil Flakey Foont ; the suave , shamelessly randy Fritz the Cat ; the angry amazon Devil Girl ; and R. Crumb himself , a figure comparable to the autobiographical alter egos of Woody Allen and Philip Roth .
Since the early 1990s Mr. Crumb and his wife have lived in the South of France .
Somewhere in the murky past , between four and seven million years ago , a hungry common ancestor of today 's primates , including humans , did something novel .
While temporarily standing on its rear feet to reach a piece of fruit , this protohominid spotted another juicy morsel in a nearby shrub and began shuffling toward it instead of dropping on all fours , crawling to the shrub and standing again .
A number of reasons have been proposed for the development of bipedal behavior , or walking on two feet , and now researchers from the University of Washington and Johns Hopkins University have developed a mathematical model that suggests shuffling emerged as a precursor to walking as a way of saving metabolic energy .
" Metabolic energy is produced by what an animal eats , enabling it to move .
But it is a limited resource , particularly for young - bearing females which have to take care of and feed their offspring .
Finding food is vitally important , and an animal needs to save energy and use it efficiently , " said Patricia Kramer , a UW research assistant professor of anthropology and co-author of a recent study .
She believes it was an empty belly , along with a need to conserve energy , that prompted that early ancestor to shuffle .
" Hunger .
It is always hunger , " said Kramer .
" There is nothing that will get you to do something you do n't want to do other than food .
That 's why we bribe animals with food to train them . "
Because of a huge gap in the fossil record that hides when humans split off from other primates , Kramer and co-author Adam Sylvester , now a postdoctoral fellow at Johns Hopkins University , used the chimpanzee as a way of looking into the past and testing other researchers ' ideas about the origins of bipedalism .
Chimpanzees are humans ' closest relatives .
They basically walk on all fours , partially resting their weight on the knuckles of their hands .
" A chimp 's body plan is very much like that of a primitive ape , and our last common ancestor probably had a body like that of a chimp .
Modern humans are different with long legs and a big head .
So chimps are a good place to start , " Kramer said .
Using the model they devised , Kramer and Sylvester calculated it would not be metabolically efficient for a chimp to use bipedalism for distances greater than about 50 feet .
But it would be efficient and that most shuffling would occur for distances less than 30 feet .
In addition , walking on two feet would be used most frequently for distances less than three feet .
" These are predictions other people can test .
You should rarely , if ever , see a chimp walking upright at longer distances .
The flipside of this is if a chimp is going a short distance returning to all fours is not going to happen .
You can see this in human babies learning to walk .
If they are going between a couch and a coffee table they are up on their feet .
But if they are going a longer distance , they go down and crawl , " she said .
" We think metabolic energy is extremely important and we have only touched the surface of the information we can get with this work .
The model allows people to plug in the body characteristics of any primate so a researcher can change the parameters for a specific species . "
The study was published in the American Journal of Physical Anthropology .
After months of oppressive , energy - sapping , hot dogbreath - in - your - face heat and humidity , it ’s an absolute joy to be able to throw open the windows to the outside air or take a walk around the neighborhood .
And it ’s such a surprise ; normally , Mississippi does n’t experience fall weather until sometime around … oh … winter .
Comfortable , sunny yet cool weather is not something we take for granted around here , so when it comes for an all too brief visit , you ’re more likely to find me puttering around the garden or sitting on the porch watching for hummingbirds than standing over a stove .
But we must eat , and with the lows in the 60’s , I finally feel like turning on the oven and roasting some vegetables again .
Besides , roasted vegetables are perfect for those times when I ’d rather be doing something else ; I just stick them in the oven while I go back to watering my garden or scouting for hummingbirds , and they cook on their own , without my having to watch over them constantly .
I like to add some beans and serve them over a whole grain for a simple all - in - one meal .
( See the end of this post for links to more roasted vegetable recipes . )
This time around , I ’ve taken the Moroccan marinade charmoula and substituted crushed tomatoes for the usual olive oil , tossed it with the vegetables , and added some cooked chickpeas near the end of roasting .
Normally , a Moroccan - seasoned dish like this would be served with couscous , but instead I used quinoa–a whole grain , and healthier in my opinion than couscous–adding a pinch of saffron and some raisins for a hint of sweetness .
Oh my dog !
You would have thought I ’d invented bread by the reaction of my husband .
He could n’t get enough of it and actually mmmmm-ed when he saw the photo below .
E was less enthusiastic ; she liked the vegetables but thought the “ couscous ” needed more seasoning ( she assumed it was couscous and I did n’t tell her because she thinks she hates quinoa ) .
I ’ll happily throw in more seasonings the next time I make this , which will probably be this weekend , if my husband has his way .
Print Recipe Ingredients Charmoula :
1/2 cup crushed tomatoes ( I used Muir Glen Fire Roasted )
1/4 cup vegetable broth
1 tablespoon ground cumin
1 tablespoon paprika
1/4 teaspoon black pepper
1 teaspoon minced ginger root ( or 1/2 tsp. ground ginger )
1/2 teaspoon marjoram
1/4 teaspoon cayenne ( optional or to taste )
1/2 teaspoon salt 1 small eggplant , cut into 1 - inch cubes ( peeling optional )
1 small cauliflower , cut into florets
2 medium zucchini , cut into 1 - inch cubes
1 red or green bell pepper , seeded and cut into 1 - inch pieces 1 1/2 cups chickpeas , drained
1/2 cup vegetable broth Instructions Combine the charmoula ingredients in a small bowl and mix well .
Preheat oven to 400 F and lightly oil a 9×13 - inch baking dish .
Spread the vegetables in the dish , add the sauce , and toss well to coat .
Roast until vegetables are tender , about 45 minutes , stirring occasionally .
Add the chickpeas during the last 5 minutes of cooking .
Remove the vegetables from the oven .
Bring 1/2 cup of vegetable broth to a boil , and add it to the vegetable pan , stirring and scraping the pan well to incorporate all of the seasonings .
Serve immediately over couscous , quinoa , or other whole grain .
Preparation time : 15 minute(s ) | Cooking time : 50 minute(s ) Number of servings ( yield ) : 6 Serves 6 .
Per serving : 124 Calories ( kcal ) ; 1g Total Fat ; ( 9 % calories from fat ) ; 6g Protein ; 25g Carbohydrate ; 0mg Cholesterol ; 396mg Sodium ; 7g Fiber .
Print Recipe
Ingredients 1 cup quinoa
2 cups vegetable broth
1/8 teaspoon saffron , crushed
1 clove garlic , minced
2 tablespoons raisins , optional Instructions Rinse the quinoa well .
Put it in a medium - sized saucepan along with the other ingredients .
Bring to a boil , cover , and cook until all water is absorbed and grain is tender , about 15 minutes .
Fluff and serve .
Preparation time : 5 minute(s ) | Cooking time : 20 minute(s ) Number of servings ( yield ) : 6 Makes 6 servings .
Per serving : 116 Calories ( kcal ) ; 2g Total Fat ; ( 12 % calories from fat ) ; 4g Protein ; 22g Carbohydrate ; 0mg Cholesterol ; 7mg Sodium ; 2g Fiber .
More roasted vegetables …
… from this blog :
Pasta with Roasted Vegetables and White Bean Pesto
Roasted Vegetable Napoleons
Roasted Ratatouille
Roasted Asparagus and Portabella Mushrooms with Horseradish Sauce
… and from other great blogs :
Orzo with Roasted Vegetables
Roasted Vegetable Soup
Dijon Roasted Potatoes
Polenta Lasagna with Roasted Vegetables
Roasted Vegetables in a Nest
Citrus Quinoa with Roasted Vegetables
Welcome to Mini Kids Bikes , a comprehensive online guide to mini motor bikes , with product reviews and pocket bikes racing tips .
You ’ll find lots of tips and information to help you choose cheap mini bikes and get started .
It ’s our hope that Mini Kids Bikes will bring you useful information on super pocket bikes , custom mini bikes and pocket rockets .
Use this guide to locate hard - to - find resources and use it as a reference source with easy - to - follow tips covering all aspects of mini bikes .
You ’ll be able to make a confident buying decision after reading the series of informative articles that discuss the various aspects of mini motor bikes that we are presenting at Mini Kids Bikes .
This pocket rockets guide is broken down into various sections targeting specific areas of interest : Mini Dirt BIkes , Pocket Rocket Mini Bikes , Chopper Mini Bikes , Custom Mini Bikes , Super Mini Bikes , Super Pocket Rockets , Electric Mini Bikes , Gas Mini Bikes , Used Mini Bikes and Mini Bike Parts .
Each of these sections includes relevant information on mini motor bikes .
Pocket Bike Topics Covered Include :
– Buying cheap mini dirt bikes
– Buying best single speed bikes
– Racing sport bikes
– Buiding custom built pocket bikes and mini chopper bikes
– How to repair and mantain pocket rocket bikes
– Differences between gas mini bikes and electric mini pocket bikes
Pocket Bikes Recommended Articles and Resources
Cheap Mini Bikes –
There are hundreds and thousands of mini bikes on sale on several of web sites online which offer cheap motor mini bikes .
Check out our tips on buying cheap mini bikes online .
Super Street Bikes –
If you are a mini biking enthusiast , and looking for something unique to get into , then super mini bikes are just for you .
There are hundreds of models to choose from and lots of online stores now , where these cheap super mini bikes can be purchased …
Chopper Mini Bikes – Chopper Mini Bikes are probably the fastest growing segment of the mini bikes industry .
There are no limits when customizing a mini bike and you can do - it - yourself or ask a dealer to customize it for you .
Read our tips on how to build custom mini choppers from scratch of from mini chopper kits .
Mini Dirt Bikes – Mini dirt bikes are meant to be ridden only in controlled environments , free of potential traffic hazards and you should take this hobby seriously .
Always buy kids dirt bikes from reliable online sellers or eBay PowerSellers .
Check these tips on buying mini dirt bikes online .
Super Pocket Rockets – Racing gas super pocket rockets is the latest craze in the US and UK .
However , super pocket bike ’s racing should never be underestimated by inexperienced riders .
Read these safety tips before riding a super pocket rocket bike .
Electric Mini Bikes –
Are battery powered mini motor bikes , about 1 / 4 the size of standard motorcycles .
They are slower than gas mini bikes , however you still can have loads of fun on them .
Read more on electric mini bikes .
Gas Mini Bikes –
Are miniaturized versions of full size gas powered motorbikes and have evolved into several distinct types like : gas chopper mini bikes , gas mini dirt bikes and gas super mini bikes .
Pocket Rocket Mini Bikes – Pocket Rockets or Mini Sport Bikes averaging about 20 inches tall and 45 inches long are capable of impressive speeds of more than 65 mph .
Learn more about these Mini Pocket Rocket Bikes .
Some Tips on Buying Cheap Pocket Bikes
Buying Used Mini Bikes – Used mini bikes can be bought at a much cheaper rate than first hand products .
Used mini bikes often come at cheaper rates than new mini bikes , though some vintage and classic models are more expensive than first hand new minibikes .
Follow these tips before buying a used cheap mini bike online .
Cheap Mini Bike Parts –
In keeping with pocket mini bikes enthusiast ’s requirements , 1000 ’s of online stores selling mini bike parts , accessories and performance parts have opened up .
Check out these highly recommended online stores .
In June , biggest price increases in ' nearly three decades ' Associated Press
Published : Monday August 4 , 2008
Print This Email This WASHINGTON - Consumer spending , after adjusting for inflation , fell in June as shoppers were hit with the biggest increase in prices in nearly three decades .
The Commerce Department reported Monday that consumer spending dipped by 0.2 percent in June , after removing the effects of higher prices , the poorest showing since a similar drop in February .
The higher prices reflected a big surge in gasoline costs and helped to drive an inflation gauge tied to consumer spending up by 0.8 percent in June , the biggest increase since a 1 percent rise in February 1981 .
The big rise in inflation ate up a part of the billions of dollars in stimulus payments delivered during the month .
Personal incomes rose by a tiny 0.1 percent in June following a giant 1.8 percent increase in May .
Wall Street headed toward a slightly lower opening Monday after the disappointing report on consumer spending .
Dow Jones industrial average futures fell 13 , or 0.11 percent , to 11,293 .
The performance of incomes were skewed by how the department accounts for the billions of dollars in stimulus payments that have been made over the past three months .
Those payments totaled $ 1.9 billion in April , when the program was just getting started , then $ 48.1 billion in May and $ 27.9 billion in June .
Those payouts made incomes and after - tax incomes soar in May compared to April but weaken in June since the level of June payments was lower than they had been in May .
Consumer spending before removing inflation rose by 0.6 percent in June after a big 0.8 percent increase in May .
Much of that spending went to pay higher prices for gasoline and other items , however .
Removing inflation , spending edged up by a more modest 0.3 percent in May and fell by 0.2 percent in June .
The overall economy , as measured by the gross domestic product , grew at a 1.9 percent rate in the April - June quarter , more than double the 0.9 percent increase in the January - March quarter .
Economists believe the $ 168 billion stimulus program will continue to lift the economy in the current quarter .
They predict there will be a significant slowdown in the final three months of this year and early next year , though .
Some analysts believe GDP will shrink in those two quarters , giving the country back - to - back GDP declines , the traditional definition of a recession .
The spending and incomes report showed that prices shot up by 0.8 percent .
Excluding food and energy , the increase was 0.3 percent , up from a 0.2 percent rise in May and the biggest one - month gain since a similar 0.3 percent rise last September .
After - tax incomes fell by 1.9 percent in June following a huge 5.7 percent surge in May , both months heavily influenced by how the government accounted for the stimulus payments .
Excluding those payments , after - tax incomes would have rise by 0.3 percent in June after a 0.4 percent rise in May .
The savings rate , as a percent of after - tax incomes , dropped to 2.5 percent in June after having shot up to 4.9 percent in May .
Headquarters , Washington
202-358-4997/0668
stephanie.schierholz@nasa.gov , grey.hautaluoma-1@nasa.gov
Kimberly Newton
Marshall Space Flight Center , Huntsville , Ala .
256-544-0034
kimberly.d.newton@nasa.gov
Paul Foerman
Stennis Space Center , Bay St. Louis , Miss .
228-688-1880
paul.foerman-1@nasa.gov
Stephanie Schierholz / Grey HautaluomaHeadquarters , Washington202-358-4997/0668 Kimberly NewtonMarshall Space Flight Center , Huntsville , Ala.256-544-0034Paul FoermanStennis Space Center , Bay St. Louis , Miss.228-688-1880
RELEASE : 08-116
NASA Successfully Completes First Series of Ares Engine Tests
STENNIS , Miss . -- NASA engineers Thursday successfully completed the first series of tests in the early development of the J - 2X engine that will power the upper stages of the Ares I and Ares V rockets , key components of NASA 's Constellation Program .
Ares I will launch the Orion spacecraft that will take astronauts to the International Space Station and then to the moon by 2020 .
The Ares V will carry cargo and components into orbit for trips to the moon and later to Mars .
NASA conducted nine tests of heritage J - 2 engine components from December to May as part of a series designed to verify heritage J - 2 performance data and explore performance boundaries .
Engineers at NASA 's Stennis Space Center near Bay St. Louis , Miss. , conducted the tests on a heritage J - 2 " powerpack , " which , in a fully assembled engine , pumps liquid hydrogen and liquid oxygen into the engine 's main combustion chamber to produce thrust .
The test hardware consisted of J - 2 components used from the Apollo program in the1960s through the X - 33 program of the 1990s .
" This series of tests is an important step in development of the J - 2X engine , " said Mike Kynard , manager of the upper stage engine for the Ares Projects at NASA 's Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville , Ala .
" We started with a number of objectives and questions we needed answers to as we work to complete designs of the J - 2X engine .
The data we have gained will be invaluable as we continue the design process .
" Data obtained from the tests will be used to refine the design of the J - 2X pumps and other engine components to provide the additional performance required of this new engine .
The J - 2X engine is being designed to produce 294,000 pounds of thrust ; the original J - 2 produced 230,000 pounds of thrust .
The main objectives of the series were to resolve differences in heritage turbopump performance data and recent component - level tests , and investigate vibration and pressure drops through the turbopump inlet ducts .
Tests in the series ran for durations up to 400 seconds and at power levels up to 274,000 pounds of thrust .
After the data from the test series has been reviewed and objectives met , Stennis will begin readying the test stand for the next series of tests , said Gary Benton , the J - 2X project manager at Stennis .
Marshall manages the J - 2X upper stage engine for the Constellation Program , based at NASA 's Johnson Space Center in Houston .
Under a contract awarded in July 2007 , Pratt and Whitney Rocketdyne Inc. , of Canoga Park , Calif. , will design , develop , test and evaluate the engine .
Video of the final test will be available on NASA Television 's Video File .
For NASA TV downlink , schedule and streaming video information , visit : For more information about Ares launch vehicles , visit : For more information about NASA 's Constellation Program , visit
- end -
text - only version of this release
NASA press releases and other information are available automatically by sending a blank e-mail message to hqnews-subscribe@mediaservices.nasa.gov .
To unsubscribe from this mailing list , send a blank e-mail message to hqnews-unsubscribe@mediaservices.nasa.gov .
Back to NASA Newsroom | Back to NASA Homepage
By Sima Kotecha
Newsbeat US reporter
The heel itself is soft so no pressure can be put on it When you think babies , you think nappies , bibs and plastic bottles .
Now think leopard skin stilettos .
Two mums in the States have created high - heeled shoes for newly born babies .
They 're called Heelarious and come in six different styles - including hot pink , black and white stripes and leopard print .
One of the inventors , Britta Bacon , came up with the idea as she was on her way to a child 's birthday .
She began thinking it would be hilarious if she could bring her daughter to the party in high heels .
The shoes are made out of a soft fabric and have a satin finish .
They come in sizes 0 to 6 months and cost around £ 18 .
In the two weeks they have been on sale , the 31 - year - old mums have sold more than 2,000 pairs to customers in London , Ireland , and Belgium .
50 stores across America are selling them and you can get them online too .
Do you agree with stilettos for babies ?
Not everyone is as excited as the creator and her business partner , Hayden Porter .
Newsbeat showed a pair of the hot pink ones to some mums and dads in New York .
' Dangerous ' Patrice Barnard has a four - month - old girl .
She was freaked out by the idea of putting her baby in stilettos .
She said : " They look soft but really dangerous .
Children should n't be wearing shoes like that .
She should be wearing hard and ugly shoes that their feet need at that age . "
The shoes come in a range of styles from leopard print to stripey Child protection group Love Our Children USA said : " We need to let our children be children .
" There is plenty of time for them to grow up and wear stilettos .
Even though these shoes look very cute , it 's not healthy for their development . "
However , Ms Porter said the shoes should n't be taken too seriously .
She said : " It 's supposed to be just a fun novelty and make people laugh product .
" They 're safe and they 're never going to hurt the children .
We would never do anything like that . "
' Hysterical ' Annette Milano got a pair for her unborn granddaughter .
When she saw an advert for the stilettos in a magazine , she said she could n't wait to get her hands on a pair .
She said : " The shoes are hysterical .
I 'm surprised no one came up with the idea sooner .
" So funny and so cute and they remind me of the shoes on Wizard Of Oz .
We 've got the pink ones but we 're going for the leopard ones next . "
The heels on the shoes are only supposed to be for show and collapse if any pressure is put on them .
The inventors are now working on their next project which is for baby boys .
The product is top secret though .
" They 're going to be called HE - larious and will be out in August so keep a look out , " they said .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Last time , I outlined the MSIL JIT backend from a high level , and described some of how its external interface functions .
While knowing how the MSIL JIT backend works from the outside is all well and good , most of the interesting parts are in the internals .
This time , let ’s dig in deeper and see how the MSIL code generation process in the JIT backend functions ( and what a generated script assembly might look like ) .
Script assemblies
As I mentioned , the backend generates a new .NET assembly for each script passed to NWScriptGenerateCode .
This API creates a new NWScriptProgram object , which represents an execution environment for the JIT ’d script program .
When a NWScriptProgram object is created , it consumes an IR representation for a script program and begins to create the MSIL version of that script , contained within a single .NET assembly tied to that NWScriptProgram instance .
Each script assembly contains a single module ; that module then contains a series of classes used in the MSIL representation of the script .
The NWScriptProgram object internally maintains references to the script assembly and exposes a API to allow the script to then be invoked by the user .
Main program class
Each generated NWScript program contains a main class , with a name of the form NWScript .
JITCode .< script name >.
ScriptProgram .
This class , generated via Reflection , derives from a standard interface ( NWScript. IGeneratedScriptProgram ) .
This interface exports a set of standard APIs used to call a script :
// //
Define the interface that a // JIT 'd program implements .
// public interface class IGeneratedScriptProgram { // //
Execute the script and return the // entry point return value , if any .
// Int32 ExecuteScript ( __in UInt32 ObjectSelf , __in array < Object ^ > ^ ScriptParameters , __in Int32 DefaultReturnCode ) ; // //
Execute a script situation ( resume label ) . // void ExecuteScriptSituation ( __in UInt32 ScriptSituation
Id , __in array < Object ^ > ^ Locals ) ; } ;
When it comes time to execute the script , the NWScriptProgram object calls the IGeneratedScriptProgram :: ExecuteScript method on the script ’s main class .
A set of parameters may be passed to the script in boxed form ; these parameters are the .NET type equivalents of the NWScript IR parameters to the script ’s entry point symbol .
Variable types
Each NWScript
IR type has an associated distinct ( strong typed ) .NET type .
The NWScript IR only deals with scalar ( non-aggregate ) types , so it is simple to map IR types to .NET types .
The following mapping is defined for that purpose :
NWScript type mappings NWScript Type IR Type .NET Type int ACTIONTYPE_INT System .
Int32 float ACTIONTYPE_FLOAT
System .
Single object ACTIONTYPE_OBJECT
System.UInt32 string ACTIONTYPE_STRING
System .
String void ACTIONTYPE_VOID
System .
Void Engine structs ( event , talent , etc ) ACTIONTYPE_ENGINE_0 … ACTIONTYPE_ENGINE_9 NWScript.NWScriptEngineStructure0 … NWScript.NWScriptEngineStructure9
At the IR - level , user defined structures do not exist and are simply individual scalar variables , drawn from one of the above fundamental types .
( The NWScript . NWScriptEngineStructure [ 0 - 9 ] types simply wrap a C++ reference counted pointer to a script - host - defined data structure .
There ’s a bit more to it , but for the most part , then can be thought of in that fashion . )
Subroutine structure
The JIT backend turns each IR - level subroutine into a class instance method on the main program type during code generation .
IR parameters and return values translate directly to .NET parameters and return values , such that a .NET subroutine equivalent simply takes parameters and returns values as one would naturally expect .
If there was a script debug symbol table available during the IR generation phase , the .NET subroutines are even given recognizable names corresponding to their source level names ( note that reading the NWScript symbol table is optional ; a script can still be JIT ’d even without symbol names ) .
For example , consider the following NWScript source level function :
void PrintMessage ( string s ) { ... }
The backend emits a function prototype for this NWScript function like so ( were we to disassembly the resultant assembly with ILDasm ) :
. method private instance void NWScriptSubroutine_PrintMessage ( string A_1 ) cil managed
[…]
There is one catch with this model of directly converting parameters and return types to .NET equivalents ; if a script subroutine returns a structure in source level , this turns into multiple scalar return values in the NWScript IR .
However , .NET methods cannot return more than one value .
If an IR subroutine does return more than one value , the backend generates a .NET structure type to contain the return value .
The fields on the structure correspond to the return values .
When it comes time to return a value from such a subroutine , the backend generates code to load the return value variables into the return structure fields , then returns an instance of the return structure .
Similarly , when a subroutine returning multiple return values is invoked , the caller immediately unpacks the structure ’s contents into their local variables .
Globals , locals , and other variables
There are several classes of IR variables that the backend concerns itself with .
These variable classes describe how the variable is stored .
The backend supports several different storage mechanisms for variables , as outlined in the following mapping table :
NWScript IR variable class mappings IR variable class .NET variable storage mechanism NWScriptVariable :: Global Instance member variable on program class NWScriptVariable :: Local IL local ( LocalBuilder ^ ) NWScriptVariable :: CallParameter IL local ( LocalBuilder ^ ) NWScriptVariable ::CallReturnValue IL local ( LocalBuilder ^ ) NWScriptVariable :: ReturnValue IL local ( LocalBuilder ^ ) ( * type may be an aggregate return type as described above ) NWScriptVariable :: Constant Immediate constant operand NWScriptVariable :: Parameter IL argument slot ( first is slot 1 , etc )
Except for aggregate return types ( as noted above ) , IR variables always take on their direct .NET equivalents for their corresponding IR types .
Translating IR instructions to MSIL instructions
With this mapping in place , translating IR instructions to .NET instructions becomes more or less straightforward ; one need only load the corresponding parameter variables to an IR instruction onto the IL execution stack , emit the appropriate IL opcode , and then store the top of the IL execution stack to the result variable of the IR instruction .
For example , the I_XOR instruction can be mapped to MSIL by generating a load for the two IR parameter variables ( using a helper that emits the correct code depending on the class of variable ) , then generating an OpCodes : : Xor instruction , and finally , generating a store ( again using a helper that emits the correct code for the destination variable class ) to the IR result variable .
A similar process can be performed for most data - processing IR instructions to create their MSIL equivalents .
Local variable management
While it would be possible to simply create every IL - level variable corresponding to a “ local - like ” IR variable up front at the start of every subroutine , the MSIL backend avoids doing this so as to conserve local variable slots .
Instead , a local variable pool is maintained while generating MSIL code for IR instructions .
The local variable pool can be thought of as a stack of LocalBuilder instances , grouped by their associated types , which are available for use .
IR variables that have been flagged by the code analysis phase as local to a particular control flow ( meaning , that their lifetimes are constrained to a single control flow ) are eligible to be allocated from the current local variable pool , when it comes time to instantiate said variable ( in the form of a I_CREATE IR instructions ) .
If there is a free IL local of the given type available in the local pool , that IL local is checked out of the local pool and used for the lifetime of the given IR variable ( until a I_DELETE IR instruction causes the IL local to be freed back to the local pool ) .
Only “ local - like ” variables that are constrained within a single control flow may be pooled in this fashion ; other variables have fixed assignments ( either at first use , or in the case of a variable created in multiple control flows and then merged , up front at subroutine entry ) .
Temporary , internal variables created by code generation but not present in the IR generally also fall into the category of poolable IL variables .
This restriction is in place to ensure that IR variables always map to consistent IL locals when merging between control flows .
For example , consider two divergent control flows which both create an IR variable ( call it variable V ) , and then merge together later , causing the IR variable V to be merged across the control flows .
In this case , for the merge to be seamless , the IR variable V must be allocated to the same IL local ( call it local L ) in all such merging branches .
The simplest way to ensure this is to not pool IR variables that are n’t local to a control flow ( and thus do not participate in merging ) .
Fortunately , many temporary variables created during calculations tend to be local to a control flow , thus allowing for notable savings from variable pooling .
Pooling of locals is important given that not all temporary variables might be removed by the code analysis phase , and NWScript programs emit large quantities of temporary variables ( in the form of copies to the top of stack for use as a NWScript instruction operand ) .
At this point , most of the basics of the MSIL code generator have been covered at a high level ( with the exception of action service handler calls — we ’ll get to those later ) .
Next time , we ’ll look at an example subroutine ( in NWScript source text and then MSIL forms ) in order to see how everything fits together .
Stay tuned !
( There is , in fact , light at the end of the NWScript tunnel . )
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Continental Airlines
Inc said on Friday it will charge a $ 15 service fee for a first checked bag for certain customers who buy economy - class tickets .
The fee applies immediately to tickets bought for destinations in the United States and to flights between the United States and Puerto Rico , the U.S. Virgin Islands and Canada for travel starting on or after October 7 .
Continental said the fee will not apply to its “ EliteAccess ” customers , travelers on full - fare economy tickets , or to military personnel and their families on official orders .
Amid high fuel prices and a slowing U.S. economy , airlines have been introducing fees , raising fares , and cutting routes , capacity and jobs in order to survive .
Earlier this year , Continental introduced a $ 25 fee on a second checked bag for many economy - class customers .
A national organization that promotes freedom from religion and separation of church and state is hoping to get Phoenix commuters talking with five controversial billboard ads that will go up this week .
The Freedom From Religion Foundation , based in Madison , Wis. , paid advertising company CBS Outdoor to put up five signs that read " Imagine No Religion . "
The message on the billboards will start to go up Monday and will remain there for a month , said Annie Laurie Gaylor , co-president of the Freedom From Religion Foundation .
It will take CBS Outdoor a few days for all signs to be up , which will be located at :
 19th Avenue and Fillmore Street , west of the State Capitol
 Van Buren Street and 15th Avenue , northeast of the State Capitol
 Indian School Road and 23rd Street
 McDowell Road and 14th Street
 McDowell Road and Third Street
Phoenix will be the first city to have as many as five signs .
But getting the billboards up did not come without hurdles .
The five sites chosen by the organization were changed after CBS Outdoor said they had to be 1,000 feet from any schools or churches , Gaylor said .
The site locations were finalized late last week , and CBS Outdoor was not available for comment over the weekend .
The organization , comprised of 12,000 atheist or agnostic members , aims to promote free thought and separation of church and state .
The billboards debuted last year in Madison and have made their way to cities like Columbus , Ohio , and Seattle .
A billboard reading " Keep Religion OUT of Politics " is currently displayed in Denver and will remain there throughout the Democratic National Convention .
So far , Gaylor said , there has been little opposition to the billboards , and she does n't anticipate any issues in Phoenix .
" The free thought movement has never been stronger in this country , " she said .
Bob Mitchell , senior pastor at Central United Methodist Church , on Central Avenue near McDowell Road , said he 's also noticed an increase in atheist activism .
" I do n't have a problem with people expressing their points of view in public , " Mitchell , whose congregation has around 420 members , said .
Mitchell said he hoped there would be no backlash against the billboards but would n't be surprised if there was .
" I would prefer that there was serious tolerant dialogue that might emerge from this publicity campaign because it is much needed , " he said .
But state Sen. Linda Gray , who represents the Northwest Valley , was more critical of the organization and its billboard ads .
Gray , a Republican , thinks the signs will be offensive to those who believe in God .
" The FFRF fails to acknowledge history which recognized the strong Christian commitment of those who attended the Constitutional Convention , " she wrote in an e-mail .
For Harold Saferstein , of Scottsdale , the billboards are a step forward in making the idea of freedom from religion more public .
Saferstein , who is part of the Humanist Society of Greater Phoenix , an organization that promotes humanism , donated money for the billboards .
He said several members of his organization also donated .
" I think ( the billboards ) are going to alert people to the fact that there are organizations that support lack of believe in a supernatural being , " Saferstein said .
Scientists hope studies of Mars will reveal more about how the Earth was formed .
They believe life in our solar system formed during or even before the Late Heavy Bombardment of 3.9 billion years ago , when large impact craters were formed on the Moon and the surrounding planets .
An ongoing journal of building an " off - the - grid " solar homestead , life , boring tedious stuff , knee - jerk eco-socialist opinion , work ( as little as possible ) and family --- from the edge of the wilderness ( where the Sierra meets the Cascades ) .
August 26 , 2008
Median income rose as did poverty in 2007
2000s have been extremely weak for living standards of most households
by Jared Bernstein
See also this special supplement to today ’s Income Picture , Overall health insurance coverage rises , but masks decline in private coverage .
Numbers released by the U.S. Census Bureau this morning show that the inflation - adjusted incomes of median households rose by 1.3 % in 2007 from the previous year , from $ 49,568 in 2006 to $ 50,233 in 2007 ( 2007 dollars ) , while the overall poverty rate or increased slightly , from 12.3 % to 12.5 % .
Given the weakening job market last year , the median income of working - age households ( those headed by someone less than 65 ) rose insignificantly in 2007 , and was $ 2,010 below its 2000 level .
While last year ’s overall income gains are good news , the longer - range view is quite different .
The Census figures show that the economic cycle that began in 2000 and ended late last year was one of the weakest on record for working families , despite strong overall economic growth during the same period ( see Table 1 and Figure 1 ) .
Looking at the full cycle across economic peak years — a more useful measure in evaluating economic performance — reveals that household income was no higher in 2007 than in 2000 , the previous peak .
Given rising joblessness and declining real wages , next year ’s numbers will certainly be worse .
Comparisons between 2000 and 2007 reveal :
Median income fell further for working - age households than for all households because job and wage growth was particularly weak in the 2000s relative to past cycles ( see Figure 2 ) .
than for all households because job and wage growth was particularly weak in the 2000s relative to past cycles ( see Figure 2 ) .
The poverty rate grew from 11.3 % to 12.5 % .
During the seven - year cycle , the poverty rate declined significantly in only one year ( 2006 ) .
In contrast , poverty rates fell significantly in the 1990s .
Family , as opposed to household , incomes were also unchanged over the cycle , for the first time since records were kept for this category starting in 1947 .
( The household income category , which includes single persons , was started in 1967 . )
for the first time since records were kept for this category starting in 1947 .
( The household income category , which includes single persons , was started in 1967 . )
Despite strong gains in earnings last year , men who worked full - time made essentially no gains from 2000 - 2007 because of large losses from 2003 to 2006 .
The 2007 median earnings of these workers “ closely connected to the job market ” were only 0.6 % higher — $ 260 dollars — than their level in 2000 .
because of large losses from 2003 to 2006 .
The 2007 median earnings of these workers “ closely connected to the job market ” were only 0.6 % higher — $ 260 dollars — than their level in 2000 .
After declining from 2002 to 2006 , women working full - time experienced strong earnings gains last year , up 5 % in real terms .
With last year ’s gain , their 2007 annual earnings were 6.2 % higher than in 2000 .
gains last year , up 5 % in real terms .
With last year ’s gain , their 2007 annual earnings were 6.2 % higher than in 2000 .
African American median household income rose 3.2 % last year , but took a big hit overall in the 2000s , down 5.1 % ( $ 1,800 ) .
Figure 3 shows the percentage change in real incomes for various racial and ethnic groups .
Figure 3 shows the percentage change in real incomes for various racial and ethnic groups .
And yet workers were highly productive during this period .
Output per hour , or productivity , rose 2.5 % per year during the 2000 to 2007 cycle , compared to 2 % in the 1990s , when family incomes fared much better .
Productivity Gains and Inequality
The economy of course expanded in the 2000s , but that growth clearly failed to reach most households , a dynamic that implicates growing income inequality .
For example , output per hour , or productivity , grew strongly in the 2000s , up 2.5 % per year from 2000 to 2007 , compared to 2.0 % in the 1990s .
Economists consider productivity growth the key determinant of rising living standards .
Yet the fact that these disappointing income , poverty , and earnings trends occurred in the context of strong productivity growth is a reminder that in today ’s economy , productivity growth creates only the potential for higher living standards .
As long as most workers lack the bargaining power to claim their share of the growth they have helped to generate , that potential will not be realized .
Today ’s report also provides some data that allows for inequality analysis .
Figure 4 plots the percent change in real income by various percentiles of household income , from the 20th ( 20 % of households have lower income , 80 % have higher income ) to the 95th percentile .
The staircase pattern of the real changes indicates growth in income inequality .
When it comes to tracking inequality , however , these Census data have some inherent limitations .
For reasons of confidentiality , for example , earnings values above one million dollars are recorded as $ 999,999 ( i.e. , they are “ top- coded ” ) .
Also , these data leave out a major source of income for the wealthiest families : capital gains realized from selling assets .
Other data sources that do not have these limitations reveal sharp increases and historically high levels of inequality over these years .
Income analysts Piketty and Saez [ MS Excel ] have constructed a widely cited income series back to 1913 , using Internal Revenue Service data that include realized capital gains and include higher incomes .
Their data show that after falling with the stock market bust of 2001 , the average income of the top 1 % grew about 50 % in real terms from 2002 to - 2006 , from about $ 850,000 to $ 1.3 million ( 2007 dollars ) .
Coming on top of the long - term trend in rising inequality since the late 1970s , this recent surge has resulted in the second highest level of income concentration on record going back to 1913 , as the richest 1 % of households held 23 % of income in 2006 .
The only year of greater income concentration was 1928 ( 24 % ) .
A Tale of Two Cycles
A deeper comparison of the past two economic cycles reveals that growth was much more broadly shared in the 1990s than in the 2000s , with the largest differences affecting minorities .
African American households in particular did much better in the 1990s than in the 2000s .
An important dimension to this comparison is that productivity growth was actually faster in the 2000s .
In this sense , there was the potential for faster growth across the income scale in the 2000s relative to the 1990s , a potential that was never realized .
Figure 5 looks at poverty rates from 1989 forward , and Figure 6 does the same for real median household income for all households and for African Americans .
Poverty rose in the recession of the 1990s and for a few years during the weak recovery that followed .
But then ensued a period of lasting , steep declines in poverty rates .
Median income follows a similar pattern , with particularly sizable gains for African American households .
These patterns appeared to repeat themselves through the 2001 recession and jobless recovery .
But instead of reversing course , the trends essentially stagnated through last year , which represented the last opportunity for improvements in this recovery .
Had the incomes of middle - class households continued to rise at the rate that prevailed over the 1990s , their income would have been $ 2,600 higher in 2007 compared to 2000 , instead of $ 300 lower .
Table 2 presents a more extended set of comparisons over the two cycles .
The top panel shows percent changes in real median household income and the bottom panel tracks percentage point changes in poverty rates .
For example , median household income of African American families grew strongly in the 1990s , up 22 % , and poverty rates for blacks fell 8 percentage points .
But in the 2000s , these trends reversed and African American poverty rose ( up 2 percentage points ) and real median income fell ( down 5.1 % ) .
These reversals are remarkable and provide a clear picture of the shift in fortunes over these years .
Real middle - class incomes were up across the board in the 1990s , especially for minority households .
This outcome is very much attributable to the full - employment job market that prevailed in the latter half of the 1990s , as tight job markets are particularly beneficial to lower - wage workers and groups that experience higher than average levels of joblessness ( their incomes and poverty rates are more responsive to unemployment than higher income households ) .
The nation ’s payrolls grew by 22.7 million over the 1990s cycle compared to 5.6 million jobs over the 2000s .
With the lackluster job market of the 2000s , the losses of the 2001 recession simply evolved into stagnation over the weak expansion .
Table 2 also compares poverty rate changes for a few particularly economically vulnerable groups , single - mother families and children ( with a separate line for African American children ) .
These groups all saw sharp declines in their poverty rates in the 1990s , which have all been partially reversed in the 2000s .
These trend reversals do not reflect policy changes , such as welfare reform , which took place in the earlier period .
They instead reflect diminished economic opportunities and far less equitable distribution of the growth that occurred over the two periods .
The last line in Table 2 provides an important contrast — productivity growth .
Contrary to the negative shift regarding incomes and poverty , productivity growth actually accelerated in the 2000s , growing half - a- percent per year faster than in the 1990s .
Thus , thanks to the more efficient performance of the American workforce , the economic pie was growing faster in the 2000s , yet most household ended up with thinner slices .
See also this special supplement to today ’s Income Picture , Overall health insurance coverage rises , but masks decline in private coverage .
To view archived editions of INCOME PICTURE , click here .
The Economic Policy Institute INCOME PICTURE is published upon the annual release of family income data from the Census Bureau .
EPI offers same - day analysis of income , price , employment , and other economic data released by U.S. government agencies .
For more information , contact EPI at 202-775-8810 .
' Time delay inside John McCain 's brain , ' Dean mocks David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Thursday August 28 , 2008
Print This Email This When Democratic National Committee Chairman Howard Dean appeared from Denver on Wednesday 's Daily Show to announce that the Democratic convention " is going great , " he seemed to be caught off guard by some of Jon Stewart 's questions -- but he also got in a few jabs against John McCain .
" How do they keep hitting you guys on the experience thing ? "
Stewart asked .
" Were they not awake over the past eight years ?
... I do n't quite understand why nobody 's bringing up video clips of what they 've said over the past eight years . "
As the audience erupted in cheers and applause , Dean replied , " There 'll be a lot of time for that . "
" When ? " asked Stewart in apparent frustration .
" December ?
What are you waiting for ? "
Dean , apparently missing the point of Stewart 's question , replied , " What am I waiting for what ? "
However , he quickly redeemed himself with the audience by adding , in eerie Twilight Zone tones , " Do you think there 's a time delay in the circuit , Jon ?
This is like ' Inside John McCain 's Brain . ' "
This video is from Comedy Central 's The Daily Show , broadcast August 27 , 2008 .
Download video
NEW ORLEANS — Reporters traveling with Senator John McCain were sent a gift by the Democratic National Committee on Tuesday : An “ Exxon - McCain ’ 08 ” campaign kit , complete with an oil barrel - shaped stress ball for scribes theoretically stressed out by their lack of access to a candidate who no longer engages in back - of - the - bus media talk - a- thons .
Perhaps needless to point out , the shape of the stress ball was also meant to underscore Mr. McCain ’s contributions from oil companies on a day when he is visiting an oil rig in the Gulf of Mexico to promote his mantra of more offshore drilling , now .
“ The facts are indisputable : the best way to stand up for Big Oil is to vote Exxon - McCain ’ 08 , ’’ the press release from the Democrats reads .
The kit was a retort of sorts to the McCain campaign for handing out tire gauges to reporters inscribed with “ Barack Obama Energy Plan , ’’ which mocked Senator Barack Obama ’s suggestion that Americans inflate their tires to use less gas .
Mr. McCain , who once talked so much in the back of his campaign bus that is was difficult for reporters to find time to file their stories , now reserves the bus largely for short stretches for local reporters .
Under a more disciplined regime led by Steve Schmidt , a senior campaign adviser , the once - voluble Mr. McCain sticks largely to talking points and holds far fewer news conferences .
Andrew Bacevich is no fan of George W. Bush .
The conservative historian and former military officer lost a son fighting in Iraq and has publicly called the administration 's foreign policy record one of " substantial , if almost malignant , achievement . "
Yet in his new book The Limits of Power : The End of American Exceptionalism , he argues that the country 's foreign policy is a direct result of the American way of life .
The only way of changing that policy , he contends , is changing the way Americans live .
In 1995 , Bacevich wrote presciently that " to cope with a world in which terrorists and warlords pose as great a challenge as massed armies , a radical revision of military thinking is essential , " arguing that the lessons of Vietnam had largely been forgotten .
With those lessons still forgotten , he now says , the country 's problems are of its own making .
Bacevich , a professor of international relations at Boston University , recently spoke with U.S. News .
Excerpts :
Where do you think American foreign policy has gone wrong ?
Most important is to see the connection between the American way of life and the foreign policy that our government conducts .
There are some critics of American foreign policy , Noam Chomsky , for instance , who portray U.S. foreign policy as a great conspiracy where certain elites pull the wool over the eyes of the people to benefit themselves and their cronies .
I 've come to believe that U.S. foreign policy is broadly conceived to reflect the will of the American people .
Yet the majority of people do n't now support continuing the war in Iraq .
Not that the majority of Americans thought that invading Iraq was a good idea either , but that they were satisfied and wanted to protect the American way of life , which requires access to massive amounts of oil .
Tacitly , at least , the American people are complicit and responsible for the policies made in Washington .
It is one thing to sit on our couches and disagree with policy , but nothing is going to change unless we are willing to make substantive changes in the way that we live our lives .
Is there any chance that such a revolution in thinking is in the offing ?
I doubt that there will be any change .
In the aftermath of 9/11 , there may have been a moment for a president to turn to the American people and say , " In order to make sure this does n't happen again , we have to change the way we conduct our affairs . "
Instead , the president made very clear the fact that we would not change .
Instead , we were told to keep shopping and go to Disney World .
Now we 're seven years into a war that our country supposedly supports and yet we are running out of soldiers .
Why is that ?
The nation refuses to correct our domestic dysfunction on energy , consumption , entitlements , and endless credit .
Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld said something like , " We need to change the way we live , which is unacceptable , or we can change the way they live . "
That reflects a very familiar strand of thought in American foreign policy back to the Native Americans , which says that " they " will always have to change to accommodate our way of living .
But our efforts to remake the world in our image now are making us poorer .
We are squandering our wealth .
We 're not becoming more powerful .
We 're squandering our power , particularly our military power , on which we 've placed so much emphasis .
Is our military power exaggerated ?
The end of the Cold War and the first Persian Gulf War both bred in Americans a bipartisan infatuation with military power .
But nobody captured that better than [ then Secretary of State ] Madeleine Albright 's famous question to Colin Powell about the value of bragging about having a great army if you 're never going use it .
By the 199os , we came to believe that military power was the most effective instrument for bringing about change in the world .
Conservatives and liberals differed on the priorities for that military power and what kind of change needed to be brought about , but there was a united understanding of the effectiveness of high - tech military power .
But this perception tended to minimize what had been the historical experience of war , in which the resort to arms time and time again produces unintended consequences .
Are you wary of new declarations of victory in Iraq ?
We must also ask what we 've actually won .
In the first place , we 've lost over 4,000 American lives and thousands of others injured .
We 've spent $ 800 billion and yet have done next to nothing to advance the cause of changing the Middle East , which was the reason for the war in the first place .
One of those 4,000 soldiers killed in Iraq was your own son in May 2007 .
How has that changed your thinking ?
I chose not to talk about my son because it 's very personal , private , and painful .
But I do n't think his death had any impact , besides redoubling my desire to tell things as I see them .
Is it possible to realize the limits of power without overreaching ?
The mainstay of the Mexican diet was , and still is , the tortilla , made from corn .
The tradition continues today with little change .
The kernels are cooked with lime to remove the husk and then ground on a stone slab with a grinding stone .
The dough is formed into little round balls and then patted out by hand into thin round cakes or wrapped in a corn husk , the tamale , to then fill and eat .
The versatility of the tortilla as a wrapper in endless .
They are used for tacos and enchiladas , among native Mexicans , tortillas are commonly used as eating utensils , as a plate as in a tostada , and much more .
In the United States the tortilla is no longer seen as just an ethnic bread .
This is partially due to the increase of the Hispanic population .
Check out What ’s Cooking America ’s Tortilla Recipe : Tortillas – How To Make Tortillas .
Tortillas History :
In northern Mexico and much of the United States , tortilla means the flour version .
Flour tortillas are the foundation of Mexican border cooking and a relatively recent import .
Their popularity was driven by the low cost of inferior grades of flour provided to border markets and by their ability to keep and ship well .
3000 B.C. – Excavations in the valley of “ Valle de Tehuac ” , in the state of Puebla , revealed the use , for more than seven thousand years , of the basic cereal by excellence of the Mesoamerican diet , a little wild cob that along with roots and fruit was a complement for hunting .
According to Agust Gayt , chef and Mexican cuisine historian , in a Greeley Tribune newspaper article : Sometime about 3000 B.C. , people of the Sierra Madre mountains in Mexico hybridized wild grasses to produce large , nutritious kernels we know as corn .
Mexican anthropologist and maize historian Arturo Warman credits the development of corn with the rise of Mesoamerican civilizations such as the Mayans and the Aztecs , which were advanced in art , architecture , math and astronomy .
The significance of corn was not lost on indigenous cultures that viewed it as a foundation of humanity .
It is revered as the seed of life .
According to legend , human beings were made of corn by the Gods . ”
By the time Spaniards reached the shores of what is now Mexico in the 1400s , indigenous Mesoamericans had a sophisticated and flavorful cuisine based on native fruits , game , cultivated beans and corn and domesticated turkeys .
1519 – When Hern Cort ( 1485 - 1547 ) , also known as Hernando Cortez , and his conquistadores arrived in the New World on April 22 , 1519 , they discovered that the inhabitants ( Aztecs Mexicas ) made flat corn breads .
The native Nahuatl name for these was tlaxcalli .
The Spanish gave them the name tortilla .
In Cort ’ 1920 second letter to King Charles V of Spain , he describes the public markets and the selling of maize or Indian corn :
This city has many public squares , in which are situated the markets and other places for buying and selling .
. . where are daily assembled more than sixty thousand souls , engaged in buying and selling ; and where are found all kinds of merchandise that the world affords , embracing the necessaries of life , as for instance articles of food .
. . maize or Indian corn , in the grain and in the form of bread , preferred in the grain for its flavor to that of the other islands and terra - firma .
1529 – In the monumental manuscript books , General History of the Things of New Spain ( Historia general de las cosas de Nueva Espana ) , by the Franciscan friar Bernardino de Sahagun ( 1450 - 1590 ) , it is known that the Aztec diet was based on corn and tortillas , tamales and plenty of chilies in many varieties .
Considered one of the fathers of culinary history .
He compiled and translated testimonies of his culinary informants from the native language Nahuatl into Spanish .
His work is the most complete record of Aztec foods and eating habits .
Sahagun was sent to New Spain ( Mexico ) to compile , in the Aztec language , a compendium of all things relating to the native history and custom that might be useful in the labor of Christianizing the Indians .
The work thus undertaken occupied some seven years , in collaboration with the best native authorities , and was expanded into a history and description of the Aztec people and civilization in twelve manuscript books , together with a grammar ( Arte ) and dictionary of the language .
1940s – In the 1940s and ‘ 50s , one of the first widespread uses of small scale gas engines and electric motors was to power wet grain grinders for making masa .
A hand press or hand patting were used to form the masa into tortillas .
1960s – Early tortillas took hours to make but by the 1960s , small - scale tortilla - making machines could churn out hot , steaming tortillas every two seconds .
Learn how to make Flour Tortillas ( Tortillas de Harina ) .
Learn how to make Corn Tortillas ( Tortillas de Maiz ) .
The survey was conducted on brothels in the London area London 's brothel industry has spread to " every corner " of the city , according to a charity 's report .
Brothels in the city offer sex for as little as £ 15 , and some are charging £ 10 extra for unprotected intercourse , the Poppy Project in Southwark found .
Its report said 85 % of brothels in the city operated in residential areas and researchers posing as sex buyers found brothels in all 33 London boroughs .
Westminster had the highest number with 71 , compared with eight in Southwark .
Underage girls
The study was compiled by the Poppy Project , which provides education about prostitution and helps victims of sex trafficking .
Researchers posing as potential punters telephoned 921 brothels that had advertised in local newspapers .
They found on average 28 brothels in each borough .
Together the brothels generated between £ 50 m and £ 130 m a year , the researchers estimated .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Campaigners insisted this was just " the tip of the iceberg " as the only source of information was newspaper adverts , as opposed to websites or phone box cards .
Many operated through legitimate businesses - licensed as saunas or massage parlours - though the vast majority were in private flats in residential areas .
The report found 77 different ethnicities among women being offered for sex , many from areas such as eastern Europe and south - east Asia .
The average age of the women was 21 .
Several places offered " very , very young girls " but did not admit to having underage girls available .
For most women involved in prostitution , the reality is a cycle of violence and coercion , perpetuated by poverty and inequality
Report co-author Helen Atkins According to the researchers , the average price for full sex was about £ 62 .
Co-author Helen Atkins said : " This research shows the disturbing prevalence of the sex industry in every corner of London - fuelled by the demand for prostitution services .
" Multi-media misrepresentations of commercial sex as a glamorous , easy and fun career choice for girls and women further contribute to the ubiquity of London 's brothel industry .
" However , for most women involved in prostitution , the reality is a cycle of violence and coercion , perpetuated by poverty and inequality . "
Labour 's deputy leader Harriet Harman said there was " a large and growing number " of very young women being trafficked into the UK .
While visiting the project she said she met two women who were brought into the country at the age of 17 " thinking that they were going to come here for a chance for education " .
They " were tricked and then forced into prostitution " she said .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Infowars
August 8 , 2008
Georgia , US start military exercises despite tensions with Russia
CNews
July 15 , 2008
TBILISI , Georgia ( AP ) — Georgian and U.S. troops started a joint military exercise Tuesday amid growing tensions between the ex-Soviet republic and Russia , a Georgian defense ministry official said .
Read article
Russian military gangs ready to invade Georgia .
U.S. sends thousand marines in response
Kavkaz - Center
July 10 , 2008
Gangs of the Russian invaders from the so - called North Caucasus Military District are ready " to provide assistance to the Russian troops in case the situation gets more aggravated in the conflict zones in Abkhazia and South Ossetia " , as gang leader of Russian North Caucasus Military District , Sergei Makarov , said .
Read article
US army exercises begin in Georgia
Aljazeerea
July 15 , 2008
The United States and Russia are holding military exercises on either side of the Caucasus mountains amid increasing tensions over the fate of two separatist regions in ex-Soviet Georgia .
Read article
US runs military exercise around Georgia conflict
Now Public
July 17 , 2008
The conflict in the Caucasus country of Georgia is growing to alarming levels .
The country is fighting with a break - away region in teh North called Abkhazia , where an ethnic minority lives .
The area is currently de-facto independent , and Russia is backing the area ’s claims to independence , although it ’s not really clear why .
The US secretary of state Condoleeza Rice visited the country earlier this month , and now the US military is running exercises around the conflict .
Could the US military be planning to get involved in this Caucasus conflict ?
The US would be supporting its pro-West ally Georgia , while Russia would be supporting the rebels .
Not exactly a good idea geopolitically !
Read article
US military advisers arrive in Georgia
BBC
February 27 , 2002
Five US military advisers have arrived in the former Soviet republic of Georgia , in what is being seen as a possible new front in the US war on terror .
Read article
Green Berets now in Georgia : U.S. Special Forces are training Georgian soldiers to fight radical Muslims .
The mission could benefit other U.S. interests as well
VFW Magazine , June - July , 2002 by Tim Dyhouse
President George Bush called the May deployment of some 150 U.S. advisers to Georgia the latest front in the U.S. war on terrorism .
Much like their fellow soldiers in the Philippines , U.S. Special Forces are teaching Georgian soldiers how to better fight Muslim extremists within their country .
Also , as in the Philippines , U.S. troops are not permitted to engage in combat .
Read article
Special Forces to Train Georgian Military
NewsMax.com
Wires
Thursday , Feb. 28 , 2002
WASHINGTON – Concerned that al - Qaeda terrorists have moved into the former Soviet republic of Georgia , the U.S. military is expected to send as many as 200 special operations soldiers there for up to a year to train the Georgian military in counterterror and counterinsurgency tactics .
Read article
From Wikipedia
The Georgia Train and Equip Program ( GTEP ) training was conducted using U.S. Special Operations Forces and U. S. Marine Corps forces from May 2002 to May 2004 .
During this time approximately 2,600 Georgian soldiers , including a headquarters staff element and 5 tactical units , received training .
Another assistance program , the Georgia Security and Stability Operations Program ( Georgia SSOP ) , was launched in January 2005 as a continuation of the ( GTEP ) of 2002 - 2004 .
Georgian contingents were involved in the Kosovo Force and continue to participate in the operations in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Russia angry at US war plan for Georgia
Security officials from the post -Soviet state of Georgia are expected for talks in London and Washington amid growing signs that American and British forces are gearing up to attack suspected Islamist terrorists holed up in the north of the country , near the Russian border .
Read article
US troops deployed to former Soviet republic of Georgia
Two US Air Force planes brought forty American military personnel to Tbilisi , capital of the former Soviet republic of Georgia , on February 21 , marking the first deployment of US combat forces in the Caucasus region , adjacent to one of the world ’s largest oilfields .
Read article
US Military Pushes into Ex-Soviet Georgia Under Guise of Fighting Terror
The article , " The Pentagon is Not Rushing to the Transcaucasus , It ’s Already There , " by Vasily Streltsov , reprinted from Nezavisimaya Gazeta , supports our analysis of the strategic reasons for the so - called war on terror .
Read article
The Pentagon is Not Rushing to the Transcaucasus , It ’s Already There
Vasily Streltsov
Counterpunch
February 26 , 2002
For a third day high - placed Russian and Georgian politicians have been pronouncing loaded phrases , in the deparaging sense , which are not acceptable in diplomatic protocal .
In reply to the suggestion of Igor Ivanov that bin Laden might be hiding in the Pankisi gorge , a more than insulting answer followed from President Eduard Shevardnadze , with the proposal to seek out the terrorist in Ivanov ’s mother ’s house .
Russian Defense Minister Sergei Ivanov and Georgian Security Minister Valery Khaburdzania quickly jumped into the frey , while the barbs of the Georgian side continued to carry a very offensive tone .
Read article
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
He 's turned up again like a bad penny .
President Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe is back in Rome , staying in five - star accommodation for the duration of a United Nations food summit while his people starve as a result of his disastrous farm policies .
The unexpected arrival of President Mugabe and his shopaholic wife , Grace , prompted a flood of international protests yesterday after he joined more than 60 world leaders flying in for the three - day conference .
Although the Zimbabwean leader and his wife are targeted by an European Union travel ban , the sanctions do not apply to UN meetings conducted on UN premises .
The grotesque irony of the situation was lost on no one .
" Robert Mugabe going to Rome for the food summit is like Pol Pot going to a human rights convention , " said Lord Malloch - Brown , the Foreign Office minister for Africa , referring to the mastermind of the Cambodian genocide .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The British representative to the meeting , Douglas Alexander , the International Development Secretary , said Mr Mugabe 's appearance was " obscene " .
" This meeting is supposed to be about increasing the supply of food , " Mr Alexander told BBC Radio , " while his policies have exactly the reverse effect in Zimbabwe . "
His presence in Rome was " an affront to all Zimbabweans who are suffering hunger , destitution and poverty as a direct result of his rule " .
That view was echoed by representatives from the United States , Australia and the Netherlands .
After last month 's disputed elections , Zimbabwe 's crisis is more desperate than ever .
Death squads haunt the land : as reported on The Independent 's front page yesterday , the tortured and broken body of one of Mr Mugabe 's most courageous opponents , Tonderai Ndira , was found weeks after he had been dragged from his home in his underwear .
In recent months , tens of thousands of Zimbabweans have fled abroad to escape the hunger , violence and desperate poverty of their homeland , where inflation is running at 165,000 per cent .
Today the Mugabes can get away from all that .
They are staying in the reassuringly luxurious surroundings of the Via Veneto , this time at the Ambasciatori Palace Hotel Rome , which describes itself as " deep inside ' La Dolce Vita ' " , and where the room rates range from € 210 ( £ 170 ) to €900 per night .
Grace Mugabe will not have to go far to indulge in one of her shopping sprees : the world 's most refined and expensive bags and shoes are all a short trundle from the hotel .
In 2002 , he was here with his wife and an entourage of 10 , staying at the five - star Hotel Excelsior .
In 2005 , he flew in for the funeral of Pope John Paul II , and trapped the Prince of Wales into a handshake .
Now he is here again , for the UN Food and Agricultural Organisation 's ( FAO ) summit on world food security , climate change and bioenergy , to the embarrassment of the organisers and many participants , thumbing his nose at the rest of the world less than a month before the 84 - year old faces his first ever run-off presidential election .
An FAO spokesman said the UN can exercise no influence over who a given member state chooses to represent it at the meeting , " nor should it " .
He said that 185 of the UN 's 191 members will be represented , " and who they choose to represent them is entirely their business " .
The Mugabes will not even have to put their hands in their pockets : the UN has set up a trust fund to pay an allowance for the delegations from poorer countries .
Mr Alexander said he condemned Mr Mugabe 's presence at the summit and would neither meet him nor shake his hand .
However , there are calls for the cabinet minister to boycott the meeting altogether , after Gordon Brown refused to attend December 's EU - Africa summit over Mr Mugabe 's presence in Lisbon .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Some Labour MPs tabled a Commons protest motion calling for Mr Alexander to stay away and criticised ministers for double standards on Zimbabwe .
Harry Cohen said : " It 's unbelievable that Douglas Alexander should turn up at the same conference as Robert Mugabe after the boycott by Gordon Brown .
There is a total lack of consistency and double standards by the Government . "
He warned : " Mugabe is facing elections and is going to play this for all it is worth ... Douglas Alexander is playing into his hands .
And it will do no favours for the opposition leader , Morgan Tsvangirai . "
The calls for a boycott were supported by Ian Gibson , the former Labour chairman of the Commons Select Committee on Science and Technology , who said it was " shocking " that Mr Mugabe should be attending a conference on food shortages when he had wrecked the food economy of his own country .
" I do n't think Mugabe will listen to a word a British minister says , " said Mr Gibson .
" Douglas Alexander should take his lead from Gordon Brown and stay away . "
But Mr Brown 's official spokesman insisted last night that the minister would attend the UN meeting as planned .
The Iranian President , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , ensured that he will receive an equally frosty welcome from Western leaders when he arrives tonight .
He told foreign guests in Tehran yesterday marking the 19th anniversary of the death of Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini that " the criminal and terrorist Zionist regime [ Israel ] ... will soon disappear off the geographical scene " .
But last night it was Mr Mugabe 's moment in the limelight .
If anything , he will have been amused to learn that – as reported on Channel 4 News last night – Britain has taken the first step towards stripping him of the honorary knighthood awarded in 1994 .
The First Shopper
Forget First Lady .
Grace Mugabe is known as the First Shopper of Zimbabwe .
The former secretary and mistress of Robert Mugabe , she laid bare her appetite for all things luxurious when the pair finally married in 1996 , inviting 12,000 people to the wedding , the most lavish event the country had ever seen .
Forty years her senior , President Mugabe bowed to his young bride 's request for a grand family mansion in Harare , and no expense was spared on the decor .
He also commandeered the national airline to whisk her around the world on elaborate shopping sprees .
The latest destination for the Imelda Marcos of Africa is the Eternal City , where she is ensconced on the Via Veneto , a stone 's throw from Rome 's many designer shops .
Confronted with her opulent tastes while her homeland teeters on the brink , she goes on the defensive , telling one reporter who tailed her on a previous trip around the boutiques of Paris : " Is it a crime to go shopping ?
These shops are here for people to shop in . "
White House : No ' super powers ' to find bin Laden RAW STORY
Published : Wednesday September 10 , 2008
Print This Email This The White House said Wednesday that the failure to capture Osama bin Laden in the seven years since the Sept. 11 attacks shows the limitations of military and intelligence power .
" This is not the movies .
We do n't have super powers , " said White House press secretary Dana Perino .
" But what we do have is very dedicated people who are working with our allies and trying to bring ( al - Qaida leaders ) to justice . "
" This president , and I 'm sure future presidents , will continue to try to track down al - Qaeda leaders , " Perino added .
" We will continue to try to find Osama bin Laden . "
Perino sidestepped a question on whether or not President Bush was " frustrated that [ bin Laden ] has n't been captured or killed , " but noted that " as the president says , Osama bin Laden is not out there leading any parades . "
Democrats continued to make weight of the fact that the 9/11 mastermind has not been captured or killed during Bush 's tenure as president .
" The Bush administration has failed to put the necessary resources and manpower into the hunt for America 's No. 1 enemy , " Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said Wednesday .
" President Bush has rightly said that the war on terror is about more than just one man .
Yet seven years after 9/11 , the president has allowed that one man 's vast al - Qaida network to regroup . "
( with wire reports )
The ' thinking cap ' that could unlock your inner genius and boost creativity
There is a theory that the spark of genius lurks hidden within all of us .
Now scientists are developing a ' thinking cap ' that could turn that theory into practice and unlock the amazing potential of the human brain .
The device uses tiny magnetic pulses to change the way the brain works and has produced remarkable results in tests .
Wearing the hairnet - like cap for a few minutes improved artistic ability and proof - reading skills .
If the technique is perfected , the device could be marketed as a cap slipped on to boost creativity when inspiration is low .
The Australian experiments are inspired by savants , people who , like Dustin Hoffman 's character in the film Rain Man , have amazing skills or talents despite a severe mental disability .
Some have mind - boggling calculating skills or ' internal calendar ' that can almost instantly work out the day that any given date fell on .
Brain wave : Researchers used a cap with a magnetic coil to ' zap ' the left side of the brain
Others are exceptional artists or can master a complicated piece of music after hearing it only once .
Around 10 per cent of people with autism are savants .
Now scientists have shown it is possible to temporarily bring out such talents in others .
The Sydney University researchers used a cap equipped with magnetic coil to zap the left side of the brain .
This side generally sees the ' bigger picture ' and suppresses the detail - hoarding right side .
In one experiment , volunteers were asked to draw a dog , horse or face from memory before and after being zapped for ten to 15 minutes .
Four of the 11 volunteers produced more natural pictures after wearing the cap .
Two also spotted written mistakes in pieces of text that they 'd overlooked earlier , a Royal Society conference heard on Monday .
In a third experiment , the device boosted the ability to quickly estimate the number of dots shown on a screen .
However , the flashes of brilliance were just that , with the effect wearing off within an hour .
The technique , known as transcranial magnetic stimulation , has previously shown promise in treating depression and schizophrenia .
The ' thinking cap ' can improve artistic ability and proof - reading skills after a few minutes , left , and Professor Allan Snyder who hopes to be able to produce creativity on demand
While it is not exactly clear how it works , careful targeting of the magnetic pulses allows over or under -active parts of the brain to be calmed down or jump - started .
In this study , it is thought it ' switched off ' the part of the brain that deals in whole ideas , allowing detail that has been unconsciously filed to shine through .
Researcher Professor Allan Snyder believes the experiments show we all have hidden talents , we just have trouble tapping into them .
He has said in the past : ' I believe that each of us has within us non-conscious machinery which can do extraordinary art , extraordinary memory and extraordinary mathematical calculations .
Enigma : Dustin Hoffman , right , in Rain Man as autistic savant Raymond Babbit , who has exceptional memory recall .
The Sydney study was inspired by savants , who have amazing skills or talents despite severe mental disabilities
' We do n't normally access these skills because they are the machinery behind our daily lives and everything we do .
' We are only interested in the answer , not the working that went on to produce the answer .
' When you make complex decisions , or even catch a cricket ball , you are not aware of how your brain is performing all these complex tasks .
' My theory is that there is a lot happening and maybe you could see it by shutting off that conscious part of the brain . '
His ultimate aim is to produce a thinking cap that would unleash creativity as and when required .
' Imagine if I could temporarily give you a child 's look at the world , ' he said .
A Mega -Dam near Cardiff Britain Plans World 's Biggest Tidal Power Station
Great Britain is mulling plans to build the world 's largest tidal power station .
Though the climate - friendly energy source is expected to provide 5 percent of the country 's power , environmentalists oppose the project , which they say will destroy vital wildlife habitat .
' 9/11 License Plates ' Still Banned in New York on 7th Anniversary Contact : Dr. Elizabeth Rex , President , The Children First Foundation , 914-629-3710 cell ; 877- Fund - Adoption ( 877-386-3236 ) , ElizabethRexCFF@aol.com , www.Fund-Adoption.org EASTCHESTER , Sept. 10 / Christian Newswire / --
It is simply unconscionable that the " 9/11 Remembrance License Plate " is still being suppressed in the State of New York on the seventh anniversary of the 9/11 terrorist attacks .
Not even personalized vanity plates with messages using WTC , 911 or even 9II are allowed in New York , unless 9/11 is your birthday or you own a Porsche 911 .
Just ask Arno Herwerth , the retired policeman who had to file a federal lawsuit against the DMV in order to keep his " GETOSAMA " plate .
Herwerth 's federal lawsuit is still not settled and , in the meantime , he has discovered that no one can put any reference to either 9/11 or WTC on any license plate in New York State .
Why ?
Not even the Custom Plate Department of the DMV could explain it to him , admitting that they have received hundreds of heartfelt requests for 9/11 commemorative plates over the years and that , sadly , all of them have been denied .
When former Governor Pataki vetoed the " 9/11 Remembrance License Plate " back on July 26 , 2006 , he referred to First Amendment legal concerns and the need for uniform standards or criteria at the DMV for new custom plates .
If it had been a simple matter of establishing new DMV standards or criteria , the DMV's 2004 moratorium prohibiting the creation of new custom plates could have been -- should have been -- resolved long ago .
Custom license plates raise awareness and much needed funding for important causes and organizations .
The California 9/11 plate is raising over $ 1.3 million every year for September 11 related charities , with over $ 7 million raised to date , while New York 's charitable 9/11 organizations are running out of funds .
On December 7 , 2007 , Jennifer Givner , a spokeswoman for former Governor Spitzer , may have been closer to the truth when she told a Newsday reporter that the state would not approve the 9/11 plate " until the pending lawsuit is resolved . "
Two months later , Spitzer 's administration added insult to injury when the DMV quickly approved a new commemorative custom plate for the New York Giants just two days after their Super Bowl Championship .
On September 11th , Senators McCain and Obama have agreed to put aside partisan politics and to come together as Americans " to honor the memory of each and every American who died , and to grieve with the families and friends who lost loved ones . "
May their example inspire Governor Patterson 's administration to put aside partisan politics , resolve the " pending lawsuit " and end the DMV 's 2004 self - imposed moratorium that has unfairly blocked the approval of the pro-adoption " Choose Life " License Plate , the " 9/11 Remembrance License Plate , " the " Cure Childhood Cancer " Plate , the " Survivor of the Bravest " Plate ( for the families of fallen firefighters ) and so many others .
Freedom of Speech , Due Process and Equal Treatment under the Law are civil liberties that belong to all Americans , and on this seventh anniversary , Americans in New York deserve better than government censorship .
The Children First Foundation ( CFF ) is a non-profit organization dedicated to promoting and supporting adoption as a positive choice for an unwanted pregnancy or newborn .
CFF is the official sponsor of the " Choose Life " License Plate in New York , New Jersey and Connecticut .
Share Tweet
NEW DELHI , India ( CNN ) --
A stampede at a hilltop temple in western India killed more than 147 people and wounded 55 others who had gathered to celebrate the start of a religious holiday on Tuesday , police said .
Victims of the stampede near an Indian Hindu temple are carried away from the scene .
More than 25,000 devotees were trying to reach the 15th - century temple through a steep and narrow pathway when the stampede occurred about dawn Tuesday , officials said .
The Chamunda Devi temple is inside a fort atop a hill in Jodhpur , the second - largest city and a popular tourist destination in the Indian state of Rajasthan .
Authorities do not know what prompted the rush , but state Police Chief K.S. Bains rejected as " baseless " reports that it was triggered by rumors of a bomb .
" But one thing is clear : that a cascading effect did take place as it was a slope where it happened , " he said .
Watch as stampede mars religious holiday »
India has been on edge in recent days after a string of deadly bombings across the country .
The crowd had gathered to celebrate the start of Navaratri , or nine nights .
For nine nights and 10 days , Hindus worship the various forms of a Hindu goddess .
Rajasthan Home Minister Gulab Chand Kataria said police had planned for the event and deployed " enough " officers for crowd control .
But the massive numbers overwhelmed them .
After the stampede , devotees -- some in blood - soaked shirts -- carried the limp bodies of victims on to police vehicles while emergency officials frantically tried to tend to the wounded .
Temple stampedes are not uncommon in India during religious festivals .
Last month , more than 130 people were killed when panicked worshippers tried to flee a crowded mountaintop Hindu temple in northern India .
That stampede , which occurred on the second day of a nine - day religious festival at the Naina Devi Temple in Himachal Pradesh state , apparently was triggered by a false rumor of a landslide on the hill above the crowd .
And in January 2005 , more than 250 people were trampled to death during a pilgrimage in the western state of Maharashtra .
CNN 's Harmeet Singh contributed to this report .
All About India
Russian long - range bombers arrived in Venezuela today for exercises in the Caribbean .
The deployment marks the first time that Russian bombers have been sent to the Western hemisphere since the end of the cold war and escalates the already tense relationship between Washington and Moscow .
This comes on the heels of Venezuela 's announcement Sunday that that four Russian naval vessels will participate in joint exercises in the Caribbean later this year , reports the Los Angeles Times .
Agence France - Presse reports that the larger exercises scheduled for November will involve Russian planes , nuclear submarines , and warships .
But the bombers that arrived Thursday are not be armed with nuclear weapons .
Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez , a longtime antagonist of the United States whose country is also a key oil provider , has supported the Russian stance in Georgia , reports the Associated Press .
In a televised speech , he called the US an " empire " and pledged that " every day , relations between Venezuela and Russia will continue to deepen . "
CNN reports that Russia has denied any link between the conflict in Georgia and the Caribbean joint military exercises .
Speaking to Agence France - Press , Foreign Ministry spokesman Andrei Nesterenko repeated that stance .
But some see it as part of an escalating military tit for tat playing out in the Black Sea and the Caribbean , reports the Associated Press .
The Caribbean exercise comes hot on the heels of a regular NATO joint naval exercise in the Black Sea .
Ships from the United States , Spain , Germany , and Poland left the region Wednesday after an 18 - day deployment , reports the Associated Press .
The New York Times reported that such NATO exercises have long caused unease in Russia and that " after the war in Georgia , the Kremlin has expressed increasing frustration over the presence of NATO and American ships in the Black Sea . "
Russia has also criticized the US for using military ships to deliver aid and humanitarian relief to Georgia , reports Al Jazeera International .
Russia will send its largest and most powerful vessels to the Caribbean for the exercises , including the nuclear battleship " Peter the Great " and the destroyed " Admiral Chabanenko , " reports Reuters .
Speaking to reporters in Moscow ahead of the maneuvers , Russian Adm.
Eduard Baltin left no doubt as to why his country was engaging in such attention - grabbing exercises .
[ Editor 's note :
The original version of this story mischaracterized the Russian equipment involved in the exercises . ]
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
We want the lowdown on student activism , past and present .
Been arrested and regret it ?
Would your school win the prize for silliest student protest ?
Was student activism way better when you were in school ?
Is your cause unique ?
Help us put together our best student activism roundup yet .
It ’s our 15th annual !
Check out last year ’s .
Answer a few quick questions and you could win some cool prizes .
Click here to begin !
" The Equality Ride is a traveling forum that gives young adults the chance to deconstruct injustice and the rhetoric that sustains it .
The idea is this .
We get on a bus and journey to various institutions of higher learning .
Through informal conversation and educational programming we explore concepts of diversity , weighing the effects of both inclusive and exclusive ideologies .
More practically , we share and gain insights about how our beliefs influence policy and culture , thereby impacting society .
Our goal is to carefully and collectively examine the intersection wherein faith meets gender and human sexuality .
Such discourse plays an essential role in creating a safe learning and living environment for everyone .
The 2008 Equality Ride begins in October .
Get to know more about each member of the Equality Ride and read about how you can sponsor him or her by clicking a name below .
In order to make participation in the Equality Ride possible for all young activists , Soulforce Q covers 100 % of the training , transportation , accomodation , food , materials , and Equality Ride apparel for the two - month journey .
Your generous donation provides for hotel rooms , meals , books and many other Rider needs .
The 2008 Equality Ride would not happen without your financial support .
Thank you for fueling our work to move society and faith forward by sponsoring our 2008 Equality Riders ! "
Learn About and Sponsor an Equality Rider
Support Soulforce by Making a Purchase from Their Store
When Howard D. Schultz in 1985 founded the company that would become the wildly successful Starbucks chain , no financial adviser had to tell him that coffee was America ’s leading beverage and caffeine its most widely used drug .
The millions of customers who flock to Starbucks to order a double espresso , latte or coffee grande attest daily to his assessment of American passions .
Although the company might have overestimated consumer willingness to spend up to $ 4 for a cup of coffee  it recently announced that it would close hundreds of underperforming stores  scores of imitators that now sell coffee , tea and other products laced with caffeine reflect a society determined to run hard on as little sleep as possible .
But as with any product used to excess , consumers often wonder about the health consequences .
And researchers readily oblige .
Hardly a month goes by without a report that hails coffee , tea or caffeine as healthful or damns them as potential killers .
Can all these often contradictory reports be right ?
Yes .
Coffee and tea , after all , are complex mixtures of chemicals , several of which may independently affect health .
Feeling powerless can trigger strong desires to purchase products that convey high status , according to new research in the Journal of Consumer Research .
In a study that may explain why so many Americans who are deeply in debt still spend beyond their means , authors Derek D. Rucker and Adam D. Galinsky ( both Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University ) found that research subjects who were asked to recall times when someone else had power over them were willing to pay higher prices for status - symbol items .
“ This increased willingness to pay for status - related objects stems from the belief that obtaining such objects will indeed restore a lost sense of power , ” write the authors .
In three experiments , the authors asked participants to either describe a situation where they had power over another person or one in which someone had power over them .
Then the researchers showed them items and asked how much they would be willing to pay .
After recalling situations where they were powerless , participants were willing to pay more for items that signal status , like silk ties and fur coats , but not products like minivans and dryers .
They also agreed to pay more for a framed picture of their university if it was portrayed as rare and exclusive .
“ As an analogy , consider two individuals , one a successful millionaire and the other a recently demoted banker , ” write the authors , “ Both might view a Rolex watch as a clear status symbol .
However for the millionaire , wearing the watch might not make the millionaire feel any more powerful than he / she normally feels .
In contrast , for our demoted banker , wearing the same watch might make the banker feel significantly more powerful . ”
In a society with a plummeting savings rate and skyrocketing debt levels , this research has broad implications .
“ It suggests that in contemporary America , people use consumer purchases to compensate for psychological states of insecurity , ” write the authors .
“ Spending beyond one ’s means in obtaining status - related items is a costly coping strategy for dealing with psychological threats such as feeling powerless . ”
Scientists at the University of Sydney have developed a switch that would allow the internet to become 60 times faster than current networks .
Taking four years to complete , the switch is created using a small scratch on a piece of glass .
The scratch will mean almost instantaneous error free access to the internet anywhere in the world , announced by Centre for Ultra - high bandwidth Devices for Optical Systems ( CUDOS ) at the Opto - Electronics and Communications Conference ( OECC ) held in Sydney this July .
Professor Ben Eggleton ( foreground )
holding a photonic chip with ( from left )
student Neil Baker and researcher
Snjezana Tomljenovic - Hanic
( Credit : University of Sydney )
“ This is a critical building block and a fundamental advance on what is already out there .
We are talking about networks that are potentially up to 100 times faster without costing the consumer any more , ” says Federation Fellow Professor Ben Eggleton , Director of CUDOS which is based within the School of Physics at the University of Sydney .
The scratched glass is actually a photonic integrated circuit that has the capacity to increase the slow rate of information carried by optical fibres .
Using photonic technology that has terabit per second speed , the circuit uses the scratch as a guide or a switching path for information .
Similar to when trains are switched from one track to another , this switch takes only one picosecond to change tracks .
Therefore in one second the switch is turning on and off about one million times .
With the current prototype proving to achieve speeds 60 times faster than current Australian networks , the development team is confident that with further work the future of the technology looks promising .
As we move towards faster and faster networking there will be ever higher demand for instant web gratification and photonic technology might be the way towards delivering those needs .
TFOT has previously covered P4P – next generation P2P , an advancement to file sharing technology .
The system has the ability to make internet service providers ( ISPs ) and peer - to - peer ( P2P ) software providers work together in order to deliver data in a more efficient manner .
TFOT also recently covered the world ’s smallest transistor , where graphene is carved into tiny electronic circuits with individual transistors not much larger than that of a molecule .
Additional information on the new scratch switches can be obtained at the University of Sydney ’s website .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Lehman Brothers Holdings
Inc is expected to follow in Merrill Lynch & Co Inc ’s footsteps and sell a lot of risky assets at a loss .
But shedding the assets may create another headache for Lehman -- the need to raise large amounts of new capital , including common equity .
The exterior of the world headquarters for Lehman Brothers can be seen in New York , May 19 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Lucas Jackson
Any capital raise would be painful for Lehman and its shareholders , given that the company just raised $ 6 billion in June and trades at a significant discount to its book value , or the net accounting value of its assets .
But Lehman , the fourth - largest U.S. investment bank , may have little choice as it wrestles with roughly $ 65 billion in mortgage - related assets , particularly after Merrill Lynch agreed to shed $ 30.6 billion in toxic assets at a fire - sale price of 22 cents in the dollar , analysts said .
“ Lehman ’s caught between a rock and a hard place .
They ’re getting more and more pressure from regulators and investors to add reserves or mark these things down , ” said David Hendler , an analyst at independent research firm CreditSights in New York .
“ In normal times , they could wait it out , but the market wants it done now , ” Hendler added .
The New York Post reported on Friday that Lehman was talking to potential buyers about selling $ 30 billion in assets .
CNBC television reported Friday that Lehman was in talks with BlackRock Inc to sell mortgage securities and other assets .
Both Lehman and BlackRock declined to comment .
Lehman ’s chief financial officer told Merrill analyst Guy Moszkowski recently that the investment bank was willing to sell assets at a loss if the deal materially reduced risk , the analyst said in a report .
Lehman had roughly $ 65 billion in mortgage and real estate - related assets on its balance sheet as of May 31 .
Selling at a loss seems increasingly likely after the Merrill deal last week .
Lehman ’s assets may be of much higher quality , but Merrill ’s low sale price for mortgage - linked securities implies that many banks ’ assets connected to mortgages may be marked down further .
Lehman would n’t have to sell assets at much of a loss before it had to raise capital .
Brad Hintz , an analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein , wrote in a note on Monday that any loss much greater than $ 1.5 billion -- which translates to selling $ 30 billion at a discount of at least a 5 percent to their current value on Lehman ’s books -- would likely force Lehman to issue at least some common equity .
Selling assets at enough of a loss would force Lehman to record a quarterly charge -- eating into capital for an investment bank that many investors already believe is undercapitalized .
Any big reduction in Lehman ’s capital could bring pressure from regulators and rating agencies to raise capital .
Depending on the price that the assets are sold for , Lehman might have to raise $ 4.5 billion to $ 7 billion in capital to offset losses , CreditSights ’ Hendler said .
Given that Lehman ’s market capitalization , or value in the stock market , is currently about $ 13 billion , such a capital raise could leave existing shareholders owning a much smaller portion of the company .
NEUBERGER UP FOR SALE ?
If Lehman needs to raise more capital , it may consider selling all or a portion of its asset management business , analysts said -- a move mentioned in media reports as a possibility for weeks .
Investment banks have increasingly been looking to sell assets instead of issuing shares since shedding businesses that provide a relatively low amount of revenue may be less painful for shareholders than dramatically boosting outstanding shares .
Merrill sold back its 20 percent stake in Bloomberg LP , the news and financial data company , to Bloomberg Inc for $ 4.4 billion in July .
It also said last month it was in advanced talks to sell a controlling stake in its Financial Data Services
Inc unit , in a deal that could value the business at more than $ 3.5 billion .
Lehman ’s asset management unit , which includes the Neuberger Berman business that Lehman bought in 2003 , generated about $ 1.88 billion in net revenue in 2007 .
Analysts estimate the unit could sell for about $ 8 billion .
Selling a business to raise capital may be better than issuing shares , but it is generally not pleasant , in part because getting a good price in a sale is tough now .
Few buyers have the capital to make big acquisitions , and any potential acquirers know the sellers are anxious to sell assets .
Merrill Chief Executive John
Thain told investors in June that he saw the Bloomberg business as worth between $ 5 billion and $ 6 billion , but the investment bank ended up selling it for less than that .
The Neuberger business is a steady generator of earnings for Lehman , which has helped stabilize Lehman ’s overall profits .
TIME TO BUY ?
Lehman ’s current market valuation reflects investor concern about potential write - downs and capital raising , analysts said .
Its shares traded on Monday at $ 18.52 , or about 0.56 times their book value , a measure of accounting value .
The other major U.S. investment banks all trade at a premium to their book value , and during better times , investment banks typically trade at twice their book value .
Lehman ’s trading so far below book value signals that investors foresee significant future write - downs
.
Concern about future write - downs may be baked into Lehman ’s shares , but if the quality of the bank ’s assets shows signs of worsening , and raising capital again becomes necessary , shares may fall further , said Michael Cuggino , portfolio manager at Permanent Portfolio funds , which manages about $ 3.8 billion .
“ We ’re concerned enough about it to stay away from the stock , ” Cuggino said .
DEVELOPMENT LOG FOR JIM PALMER
loading demo ..
jTPS.js - LATEST - core jTPS jQuery plugin code
jTPS.css - styles required by jTPS
jTPS.html - demonstration html instantiating jTPS
remaining assets - graphics
0.5
Fixed natural sort algorithm
No more quick sort - relying on built - in browser bubble sort algorithm
Added proper selectors and child selectors for nested table support ( this will break < 0.5 tables in most cases )
Added explicit nav class selector for navigation controls
0.4
Optimized 1000 % the fixed cell calculation and conversion to a fixed table - layout .
This is now on by default
Sped up the initial loading / render of the controls even more
Fixed the pagination abbreviation
Fixed scrolling animation causing inconsistent rows in relation to the page selected to be displayed or not displayed
Added double click on page selector feature to " jump " to page without having to wait for animated scroll
Clears any selection that might have been caused by clicking on pagination or sort headers
Fixed initial footer controls render issue in Chrome / Safari
The width attribute ( or style ) must be present on the table for fixed table - layout to calculate dimensions properly
0.3
1000 % speed increase in sorting and initial rendering
Custom O( Nlog( N ) ) Quick
Sort function for faster sorting than the browser 's built in O ( N^2 ) Bubble Sort
Stopped using $.fn.replaceWith ( ) for moving child nodes around and now using the browser 's direct appendChild ( ) function which is hugely faster .
Any event bound to a row or table is retained in the sort
Added ability to sort dates with the natural sort algorithm
Changing from ASC to DESC sort on a column that already has been sorted takes a fraction of the time the initial sort took
Now you can double click ( FF , Safari , Chrome ) to instantly get to a page - only works as a triple click or a lagged double click in IE7
Selecting display per page does n't reload the entire dataset , nor does sorting .
Now using more friendly namespace and not hogging the jQuery .
fn
< html > < head > < script language = " JavaScript " type = " text / javascript " src=" jquery.js " ></ script > < script language = " JavaScript " type = " text / javascript " src= " jTPS.js " ></ script > < link rel=" stylesheet " type =" text / css " href = " jTPS.css " > < script type =" text / javascript " > $ ( function ( ) { $ ( ' # demoTable ' ) .
jTPS ( {perPages : [ 5 ] } ) ; } ) ; </ script > </ head > < body > < table id =" demoTable " > < thead > < tr > < th sort = " decrip " > Description < / th > < th sort = " price " >
Price </ th > </tr > </ thead > < tbody > < tr > < td> Product 1.09</td > < td >$ 1002.99</td > </tr > < tr> < td> Product 1.01</td > < td >$ 432.77</td > </tr > < tr> < td> Product 1.05</td > < td >$ 432.76</td > </tr > < tr> < td> Product 1.03</td > < td >$ 102.01</td > </tr > < tr> < td> Product 1.06</td > < td >$ 100.99</td > </tr > < tr> < td> Product 1.00</td > < td >$ 10202.00</td > </tr > </tbody > < tfoot class = " nav " > < tr > < td colspan= " 2 " > < div class= " pagination " ></div > < div class= " paginationTitle " > Page</div > < div class=" selectPerPage " ></div > < div class= " status " ></div > </td > </tr > </tfoot > </ table > </ body > </html >
Default sort is first column ASCending
When you click on a new column to sort , it defaults to DESCending
The natural sort is driven by my algorithm /2008/09/01/javascript-natural - sort -algorithm / which assumes a lot of things such as : alpha > numeric , case - insensitive , etc .
NAME EMAIL ME ON UPDATES EMAIL ( hidden ) URL MESSAGE TAGS ALLOWED : < code > < a > < pre class= " code [ tab4|tabX|inline|bash ] " > < br > TURING TEST i am machine i am human
jTPS is a datatable jQuery plugin that offers pagination , animated scrolling through pages and intelligent natural sorting capability .
The development version is currently 15 KB .
As they currently reside on Google Code
You have a simple table you wish to bind jTPS to ( different than demo above and simpler ) : This will load the jTPS library after the jQuery core and then apply jTPS to the demoTable via the jQuery document .
ready .
This is part of my RPG series of entries here at SOB .
See the inaugural entry in the series for more details .
Bear with me .
There ’s a lot of set - up before I get to the point .
Suspension of Disbelief
I know , I know . . . a fantasy roleplaying game is n’t the most realistic basis for a setting .
In the real world , people do n’t fire lightning bolts out of their fingertips .
In the real world , gigantic , winged , talking , firebreathing lizards do n’t hoard gold in remote caverns , occasionally popping up to demand tribute in the form of virgin sacrifices ( and how do they know the women are virgins , anyway ? ) .
In the real world , there ’s no such thing as a bear / owl hybrid that always fights to the death — or , for that matter , any animal that always fights to the death .
These things work within the context of an FRPG , though .
They work because they fit within the common set of assumptions that form the basis for the game setting .
They ’re the reason it ’s called “ fantasy ” , after all .
Some of the otherwise difficult to believe characteristics of a game world must be presented as specific rules , and those rules must provide some kind of internally consistent rationale for how and why they work the way they do .
If you accept the founding assumptions of the gameworld , you should find the way the rules operate , and the way certain aspects of the setting and behavior of its denizens play out , entirely believable .
It is this ability to rationalize setting details and game mechanics that we call “ suspension of disbelief ” .
FRPGs must abstract away a lot of realistic detail in their rules systems to make themselves playable , of course .
For instance , the system of saving throws has never been entirely realistic , even given D&D ’s fantastical premises .
The idea that there is a basic probability that determines whether a fireball affects you as much as everyone else or affects you exactly half as much comes across as a trifle arbitrary .
The spell lists and memorization paradigm for spellcasting , with arbitrary numbers of spells you can cast per day from among arbitrarily determined “ spell levels ” is so thoroughly abstracted from any reasonable kind of believable in - game rationale that literally dozens — if not hundreds — of competing FRPGs have risen and fallen in the RPG market almost entirely on the strength or weakness of their attempts to fix that little problem with suspension of disbelief .
Frankly , many of these problems arise because there ’s a need for something like “ game balance ” — a concept whereby nobody too badly outclasses anyone else by default , assuming the same character experience level ( another arbitrary and mostly unbelievable game mechanic ) .
Spell levels , per - level limits on spells that can be cast , the need to “ memorize ” spells , and so on , are largely mechanisms for balancing dramatic magical variety against magical power so that a wizard can actually coexist with a swordsman without one character totally overshadowing the other , without either player feeling like his or hers is the useless redundant character .
Many of these rules were created in the early days of gaming , as modifications of the tactical wargame approach to game systems , and have remained largely true to their roots because people still liked playing the game even if the rules were n’t perfectly suited to this new ( relative to tactical wargames ) and evolving gaming paradigm .
A new RPG may not solve all the suspension of disbelief problems of a preceding game — and that ’s fine .
Even if the purpose of creating a new game is little more than just creating an official collection of previous house rules that improve on the game mechanics ’ support for suspension of disbelief can rely on a few old familiar rules that are n’t anywhere near perfect , and the game may still be a significant improvement on the original for most purposes .
One thing that can spell doom for a new RPG is introducing new problems with suspension of disbelief .
Even if your game does a remarkable job of fixing up most of the internal contradictions and arbitrary power limits that make it difficult to suspend disbelief , introducing new internal contradictions and arbitrary power limits that create new problems with suspension of disbelief can just destroy the viability of the game .
People have become used to ignoring the old , familiar problems with D&D ’s game system , and find it easier to suspend disbelief in the face of such problems than new problems that might crop up and surprise players with their unfamiliarity .
There are exceptions to this “ rule ” that introducing new problems with suspension of disbelief pretty much guarantees commercial failure , of course .
D&D 4E is one of the examples of this — and possibly the best example .
In the case of D&D 4E , of course , the reason for the exception is the fact that it bears the D&D name .
Business Decisions
Dungeons and Dragons is the original RPG .
Even more , there ’s a general perception of an unbroken line of development for D&D from its earliest days , from TSR through the company that bought it ( Wizards of the Coast ) .
This might be weakened somewhat if WotC had just bought the game , and not the whole TSR company , and TSR continued to exist as an independent game company — and the transition from TSR to WotC did weaken this perception somewhat , though not much more than simply replacing the CEO of TSR would have done .
In fact , transferring control of TSR from Lorraine Williams to Peter Adkison may have helped in many respects , because Adkison was an enthusiastic fan of D&D while Lorraine Williams took pride in the fact she had never played the game and was rumored to have decreed that no D&D playing would be allowed in the offices under any circumstances ( including playtesting ) .
Excuse me while I ward off the evil eye .
I do n’t want to be struck down for invoking the dread name of Lorraine Williams .
Anyway . . . because it ’s the new “ official ” D&D , 4E wo n’t lose anywhere near the kind of market share and fanbase goodwill it would otherwise have likely lost for its blunders .
Just as there was from AD&D to AD&D 2E , and from AD&D 2E to D&D 3E , there will be a gradual mass migration to D&D 4E .
I believe there are enough major mistakes being made , however , that the migration will not be nearly as complete as WotC will hope .
While some of the most egregious such mistakes are not related to game mechanics , the vast majority of them are , and this will play a part in whittling down the fanbase .
Part of the reason for this danger to D&D ’s dominant market share is alternatives .
There are now , in a way there never really were before , alternatives to “ upgrading ” that provide not just an equally palatable substitute for many , but an actually superior replacement .
The most notable of these may be the new Pathfinder RPG , which you can actually download in its Alpha test release as a PDF , for free — and you ’ll be able to do the same withe the more complete Beta test release after this year ’s GenCon .
While many gamers will simply stick with 3E for a long time , eventually drifting into either 4E or essentially unrelated games ( Traveller , maybe ? ) , or even into not playing RPGs at all when it simply becomes too difficult to get together a group who have n’t moved on to newer editions of D&D , many others will choose Pathfinder or some other alternative instead .
Pathfinder itself is basically the spiritual successor of D&D 3.5 , in fact ; those who most liked 3.5 but still want a game that does n’t stagnate both commercially and socially will probably find Pathfinder an inviting proposition ( if they give it an honest chance , of course ) .
I ’m convinced that a lot of what WotC and Hasbro are doing is , from a business standpoint , downright stupid — completely aside from the things they ’re doing that are essentially damaging the game as it exists in the hearts and minds of its long - term fans .
Some of it is n’t as stupid , of course , but some of it just seems downright moronic .
I ’m also convinced this will not damage D&D market share enough that anyone can use declining market share as a strong argument that these decisions are that stupid .
About the only way that would work out is if the OGL game ecosystem ends up essentially taking over D&D ’s dominant market position in the near future , and I think it will take a few years for that to happen if it happens at all .
In the midst of all the damage WotC and Hasbro are doing to their D&D business , they have one huge advantage that nobody else has : the D&D brand .
Getting Away With Murder
Many gamers seem to be looking at 4E as something akin to murder , where the D&D they ’ve known and loved for thirty years is the victim .
Regardless of that , it ’s blindingly obvious that the WotC / Hasbro collective is trying to “ murder ” open gaming as a potential source of competition for dollars and market share — and considering how many of us believe the OGL is in many ways the best thing that has happened to RPGs in decades , that can really sting .
The power of the D&D brand , however , means that — as far as WotC / Hasbro will be able to tell — they ’re going to get away with it .
As Monte Cook once observed , it might be generous to suggest there ’s an RPG industry at all aside from D&D .
This is a short - term analysis , of course .
Longer term , a lot of things can change .
Just as in the software industry , I think that in the long run the closer something is to a Copyfree state , the more successful it will be — all else being equal , of course .
That means that games published under licenses like the OGL have greater potential for long - term success , especially if efforts like the Free RPG Community , the Open Gaming Foundation , and OpenRoleplaying .org gain traction .
Pathfinder RPG , if it is commercially successful ( at least enough so that it would be carried on by a gaming community even if it were commercially EOL ed ) , could give that sort of thing a big boost .
It ’s even possible that , largely on the strength of it being truer to traditional D&D flavor while still advancing the state of the art in D&D game mechanics , Pathfinder might gradually usurp D&D market share and mindshare .
That would require a strong following for PRPG relatively early on , so that there ’s a solid base , and that people tire of 4E ’s differences from 3.5 , of course .
PRPG needs to be successful enough to survive and become a sustainable game of its own before that can happen , barring nigh - miraculous shifts in distribution of market share in the next couple of years .
. . . but , at least as far as the business analysts are concerned , I ’m sure WotC / Hasbro will “ get away with murder ” this time around .
Time will tell , I suppose .
Two speeches by leaders of the Peoples United Democratic Movement ( PUDEMO -- Swaziland 's liberation movement ) on the developing struggle for democracy and social justice in the small southern African country of Swaziland .
Mario Masuku is president of PUDEMO ; Bongani Masuku is a former secretary general of the Swaziland Solidarity Network and is the Congress of South African Trade Unions ' international secretary .
* * *
The historical and current political situation in Swaziland :
What has been done and what remains to be done
By Mario Masuku
On behalf of the fighting people of Swaziland , dear comrades , please receive warm and fraternal greetings from the oppressed masses of our country .
Our country stands on the brink of disaster , a catastrophe that has become accepted by some as beyond redemption , for its magnitude runs deeper than the source of the mighty volcanic eruptions .
This revolutionary gathering is a fitting tribute to the great work and contribution of our assassinated stalwart , leader and outstanding cadre of PUDEMO , the late Dr Gabriel T. Mkhumane .
From where I am , I can already see where he could be seated , were he among us today , a seat that is still not occupied , for few among us would dare fit the shoes of such a great legend .
The more things change , the more they remain the same , words of wisdom have always echoed .
Since 1973 , so many things have happened to the lives of the people of Swaziland , but all those things have not changed the quality of life of the people for the better .
We do not seek to speak narrowly on behalf of our selves , but to acknowledge the massive contribution we have made together as progressive forces in our country , including all our comrades from Swaziland present here today .
We also appreciate unreservedly the support from our South African comrades , particularly from the Alliance [ African National Congress , South African Communist Party , Congress of South African Trade Unions ] , who have done all in their power to raise the issue of Swaziland , much to the annoyance of certain forces who believe that Swaziland should still belong to some 17th century archive or political museum , as a source of tourist attractions and academic interests for European anthropologists keen on studying how 17th century Africa looked , a classical example of backwardness and primitive social relations of the worst order , with no regard for human dignity , of women in particular .
Since the first march and blockade against the Swazi regime , we have made great strides , but have also suffered setbacks and this moment provides a great space for deeper reflection on all these for a renewed push forward .
Should it not be of interest to all of us that in our region we have a country that has evaded the powerful media screens , the academic freedom train of political scientists and all the world ’s watchdogs who should be ashamed of their witting or unwitting silence and failure to uncover more than 35 years of legalised political fraud in the name of Swazi culture and tradition .
But why should a fast - evolving world of information super highways and governance systems on a global scale afford to tolerate the longest state of emergency in the region , and most probably on the continent as a whole .
These are the questions we should pose to our governments , multilateral institutions of governance in our region and continent , as well as beyond .
But even more uncomfortably , we must also pose them to ourselves .
Should we be pardoned , for we did not know , or we did not see or we just choose silence , for it is golden sometimes and more convenient than the sacrifice that comes with challenging things .
Background to the crisis in Swaziland
Swaziland was a British colony until 1968 when an arrangement of convenience was made between the colonialists and the local traditional leadership under the monarchy for a settlement that would comfortably accommodate both forces in some form of partnership , that would not upset the conditions designed by colonialism , but only integrate a few among the historically oppressed in the form of the monarchy and its appendages .
This is what is usually referred to as ``independence '' , which in less than a month from now will be costing the Swazi taxpayers millions to “ celebrate ” together with the birthday of the king , popularly known as the 40/40 , as both are marking their 40th anniversary .
In 1973 , the king proclaimed a decree that banned political parties and criminalised all forms of political activity , which paved the way for the monopoly over public affairs and politics by the royal family and their friends , a case that holds to this day .
We have a royal family that regards all of us as mere objects of exploitation , oppression and the satisfaction of its greedy interests , disguised as our national pride and culture .
The luxury of elections is too farfetched for our people .
Since 1973 , the whole nation has never seen what it is like to participate in free and democratic elections , where you can openly contest , freely persuade people , be openly scrutinised and , finally , be held accountable for your promises .
Even when Southern African Development Community ( SADC -- the regional grouping of Southern African contries ] adopted the protocol of guidelines on the conduct of democratic elections , we raised our eyebrows that a new glimmer of hope was emerging on the horizon ; guess what , we were to yet learn the mechanics of reality that , the nearer we get , the further we move away from our final destination .
Having considered all the factors above and seeking to characterise the ruling system in Swaziland , we can safely say , despite resistance from some quarters , that the tinkhundla system is and remains a neocolonial and semi-feudal system , founded on the premise of the exclusion of the overwhelming majority of our people , because of a royal regime that has failed to transform society and the economy to serve the interests of the people , but instead integrated itself as an extension and corrupt elite into the well - oiled system of accumulation already in place then .
A brief balance sheet of the socioeconomic profile of Swaziland
• Swaziland has the highest HIV / AIDS prevalence in the world , which is now at 38 % from around 40 % .
• Swaziland has one of the highest levels of inequality between the rich and poor , with wealth being unevenly distributed .
•
The economy is no longer growing , but has stagnated and has , in fact , been going down every year since around 2000 . •
The abuse of women is ``dressed in nice gowns '' and called Swazi ``tradition and culture '' , which undermines the rich heritage in our true culture , thus serving the narrow selfish interests of a royal minority .
• About 70 % of the population live below the US $ 1 a day and more 300,000 of Swaziland 's around 1 milion citizens depend on food aid as means for survival .
•
The bulk of the economy is now based on the informal sector , and on casual and contract labour , which provide very insecure jobs and pay very low .
•
More than 52 % of the total income of the Swazi government is derived from the Southern African Customs Union pool , and were this not so , and our reliance on the South African rand ( to which the Swazi currency is pegged ) , inflation would be in the double - digit figures .
The economy of Swaziland is centred around the royal family and its friends .
Cabinet dances to whatever tune that sung by the master ; recently the royal family received funds and aid and distributed it through the king , queen mother , princes and princesses , in order to be perceived as benevolent and caring for the poor and suffering , while they are the primary cause of the hunger experienced by our people .
Balancing these handouts with the extravagant expenditure by this family on itself is like chasing a wild goose .
A new constitution or a revised 1973 king ’s draconian decree
In his proclamation to the nation , the monarchy on April 12 , 1973 said :
" Now , therefore I , Sobhuza 11 , king of Swaziland , hereby declare that , in collaboration with my cabinet ministers and supported by the whole nation , I have assumed supreme power in the kingdom of Swaziland and that all legislative , executive and judicial powers is now vested in myself and shall , for the meantime be exercised in collaboration with my cabinet ministers .
I further declare that to ensure the continued maintenance of peace , order and good government , my armed forces have been posted to all strategic places and have taken charge of all government places and all public services .
All political parties and similar bodies that cultivate and bring about disturbances and ill - feelings within the nation are hereby dissolved and prohibited . "
Many spectators have convinced themselves that this decree has ceased to be the foundation of the ruling political architecture of our country .
Our view is that it still continues to be the force behind the establishment .
The new constitution is rather a reinforcement and further entrenchment of this decree and its fundamental provisions .
The royal regime , in response to the pressures of our people ’s struggles , tried a hasty constitutional review process in which it was the player , the referee and the match commissioner at the same time and all we were privileged to be was spectators in a game we were supposed to be the players .
This is why we rejected the process and its outcomes with the contempt it deserved and still maintain that no shortcuts will take Swaziland to the promised land of milk and honey , but only a protracted , honest and all - inclusive process leading to a multiparty democratic constitutional dispensation will deliver us to the land of our dreams .
That is why the Swazi constitution reaffirms the fundamental perspectives of banning political parties and all forms of political activity , frustrating the popular aspirations of the whole population and undermining the supremacy of the rule of law .
Such an arrangement will not take us forward .
Undemocratic elections or elections without democracy
In the circumstances in Swaziland , what are the possibilities of holding free , fair and democratic elections that should constitute the basis of a legitimately acceptable outcome and whose product could be the express will of the people ?
We have , time and again , affirmed the centrality of a process that will lead to a democratic outcome for our country , in many documents , such as the “ Way Forward to a Constituent Assembly Through a Negotiated Settlement ” and the “ Road Map to a New and Democratic Swaziland ” , which fundamentally outline the essence of our alternative route out of the mess tinkhundla has plunged our country into .
The regime has once again , as expected , defied all logic and organised an electoral process that lacks even the most basic semblance of democratic participation .
To test its authenticity and claims for a free democratic space , as PUDEMO we held our rally to commemorate our 25th anniversary in Manzini on the July 6 , 2008 , and four of our leaders were arrested and brutalised , while other comrades were hospitalised as a result of police brutality .
Further , it has been made clear beyond doubt that political parties remain banned and illegal , which means they cannot contest the coming elections .
The following conditions obtain as regards elections :
• Political parties remain banned .
•
The media , judiciary and all public institutions remain tightly in the monopoly of the royal family and its friends and are used to criminalise political parties as divisive , fomenting war and are described as ``unSwazi ' ' .
• Traditional institutions and structures continue to be vehicles of intimidation and abuse , agitating against democratic practices .
• Parliament has no powers , but is a mere rubber stamp of the royal family .
•
The constitution remains illegitimate and does not have fundamental guarantees for the creation of a conducive environment to conduct democratic elections .
We also note that various international organisations have clearly refused to condemn the current king , Mswati , at best preferring to play hide and seek with words like “ not sufficiently democratic for proper elections ” .
We further note the hypocrisy of the UN in encouraging women to participate in undemocratic elections against the progressive movement 's call for a boycott of the elections .
This is an attempt to use a very legitimate issue -- the dehumanisation and under- representation of women in Swazi decision - making processes -- to support an undemocratic , highly patriarchal and oppressive system , which shall turn a few women in parliament into stooges or agents of patriarchy and political tools of oppression .
We condemn this in the same way that we condemn the Commonwealth which designed the current constitution , supported tinkhundla oppression and is now turning against the product of its own failures , the royal elections , because it has been exposed for its hypocrisy and opportunism and is shying away from associating with the mess of its own making , which unfortunately is costing our country , people and the struggle in general .
The same Commonwealth of Nations dressed down the last national elections in 2003 , and ran short of calling them a sham , elections that elected a legislature which does not have political power , where power is entrusted to one person , and where political parties are banned .
The European Union has romanticised the tinkhundla system , politely calling for some changes and failing to act with the decisiveness required or known of it in other instances .
It is not assisting the process in any way .
We did call for smart sanctions against the royal family , specifically , but the EU played its games , and preferred to passively raise concerns and not confront the evil system directly .
The royal regime prides itself in the hope that there would be various observers who would declare , at the end , that the elections were free and fair since there was no violence .
In this case we ask ourselves if it is indeed worth the trouble of going to watch a basically undemocratic election process –- would these observers be ( actually ) legitimising an illegitimate process .
As mentioned earlier in my presentation , we believe that for the process to be worth its salt it must embrace broader democratic participation , clear constitutional safeguards and the respect of all the international human rights principles and conventions , including the Declaration on Human Rights , the African Charter on People 's and Human Rights , the Harare Declaration of the Commonwealth of Nations and the SADC Principles on National Elections .
The Swaziland United Democratic Front ( SUDF ) is the way forward to a new and democratic Swaziland
We are proud to be members of the newly formed Swaziland United Democratic Front , an initiative of the struggling people of Swaziland collectively .
It is their united voice against the tinkhundla system , in their quest to establish a truly united and democratic Swaziland .
Workers protest in the Swazi capital , Mbabane .
Indeed the history of the struggle for democracy all over the world provides one key lesson , and that is it matters not how deep the oppression may be or whether the captain of the oppressive rule is a military junta or a traditional despot , foreign or local .
That lesson is that unity is a fundamental precondition for democratic victory !
It has always been the collective and individual desire of the struggling forces of Swaziland to act in unity against a divisive system that always plays one against the other , sometimes infiltrating forces of progress to drive even deeper wedges between the people and their organisations and between organisations themselves .
In our address to the workers in May 2005 , PUDEMO clearly and articulately called for the forces of change to unite and speak in one cohesive voice , and we are , therefore , proud that this call has been achieved .
It has been our constant call for the unification of the labour movement in the country under the call for “ One country , one federation ' ' and ``One industry , one union ” .
This year , the workers commemorated their day [ May Day ] together as one , and not as a fragmented movement .
This is a positive step towards a united mass democratic movement .
We are proud to be among those who have refused to be bullied by the system into the sham elections or any of its fraudulent constitutional schemes , despite massive pressures , patronage and corrupt material temptations .
We have refused to be second - class citizens in our own country , but continue to demand our rightful place as full citizens and not objects of royal pity and subjugation .
We stand tall , in the midst of a cold world that conveniently pretends not to see what our people are going through daily , with all the indicators of a terrifying political and socioeconomic crisis .
Tasks of the Swazi revolution in the current phase
We are called upon to act with renewed urgency , to arrest a deepening feeling of hopelessness , in which both local and international organisations are beginning to feel that nothing can be done to change things in Swaziland .
It is a country ``cursed by the gods '' , with a monarchy that is determined to go to any lengths to destroy every element of democracy and decency in our society .
The following tasks are central to what must be done :
• Strengthening of the mass democratic forces to root themselves among the masses of our people , which is the core anchor of any claim to being progressive and democratic .
•
Deepening of strategic thinking and deeper ideas backed by solid and scientific facts around all the issues affecting our people in order to develop popular , workable and viable alternatives to the crisis of the system .
In our ``Road Map ' ' wocument , PUDEMO was beginning to do just that .
•
Restructuring and broadening of the international solidarity movement , as well as strengthening all solidarity efforts in order to enhance , deepen and unite all attempts to expose the tinkhundla system , raise the profile of the Swazi people 's struggle and mobilise resources for the struggle of the people .
In this case , we must ensure that structures of this nature are led by our international friends as we Swazis are actively involved in the frontline trenches of our struggle , which they are acting in solidarity with .
•
We need to deepen political education for all - round ideological and political development of the forces of struggle , in which case , clarity around core perspectives of the struggle and its evolving line of march shall be better enhanced .
In this case , we know that our South African comrades are very much advanced here , and their expertise would be useful for us .
•
Uniting all the forces under the banner of the SUDF around the issue of multiparty constitutional elections , which should be able to offer a decisive way forward , though this does not mean undermining the individual programs of different organisations within the front , but as a means to build cohesion and unity in action .
Finally , we would not have done justice if we do not also add our voice , once again , to the call for speedy democratisation , stability and success in the negotiations process in Zimbabwe , which is a factor the region has felt so heavily these past days .
We are encouraged by the democratic breeze seemingly emerging from the negotiation table lately , and it is proof that Africa is indeed capable of resolving her own challenges amicably , for we are our ``brother ’s keeper ' ' .
Our call for democracy in Swaziland is a call for democracy all over the region and continent .
We believe that without a firm and revolutionary movement for the deepening of democracy all over Africa , there will be no democracy or at least , sustainable democracy in Swaziland .
`` Let all who love our country join the march to a new and democratic Swaziland !
All life has no meaning outside the life - affirming struggle for human dignity ” -- from `` The Road Map to A New and Democratic Swaziland '' .
I thank you .
[ Abridged from a paper presented at the Zimbabwe - Swaziland Solidarity Conference , organised by COSATU , at the St. George Hotel , South Africa , August 10 – 11 , 2008 . ]
* * *
Intensify the march to a new and democratic Southern Africa through a new and democratic Swaziland and Zimbabwe !
By Bongani Masuku
August 15 , 2008 -- Swaziland is a neo-colonial and semi-feudal enclave ruled by an absolute monarchy together with his family .
It is a country that is naturally endowed with abundant resources , but is suffering from the crisis of a royal kwashiorkor , called the tinkhundla system .
This system by definition is about the entrenchment of royal hegemony in all spheres of Swazi society , thus turning the people into objects of royal pity and plunder .
You go to security , you find : Royal Swaziland Police ( RSP ) ; finance , you find : Swaziland Royal Insurance Corporation ( SRIC ) and Royal Swaziland Sugar Corporation ( RSSC ) ; sports , you find : Sihlangu Semnikati ( the shield of the owner , literally translated and the owner is the king ) and Sitsebe Samhlekazi ( Mhlekazi being the Queen Mother ) , etc .
This is the essence of royal rule , through imposed hegemony , where the king is everything .
He is the chancellor of the University , he is the commander - in - chief of the army , he is the patron of thousands of NGOs that front for his hegemony in the name of serving the poor , he is a head of state and more than anything else , a very key businessman , with huge economic interests in every sector of Swazi society .
His hands are full of activity that reinforces his greed and entrenches his monopoly over every sphere of our society , not least the economy .
This basic truth , which you know by now , is important to always remember and recite in order to capture the real essence and structure of Swaziland , and why it is not performing .
It is obviously suffering from the heavy weight of royal plunder , lack of innovation and creativity , and more than anything else , greed and cancerous corruption , which has permeated every sector of our society and has destroyed the moral fibre of our society .
It is in this sense that we must also locate the critical debate about what has become known as Swazi culture and tradition .
The little of what remains from the rich heritage and tapestry of Swazi being , has been eroded in favour of royal interests , which is the core of what remains in the idea of Swazi culture and tradition today .
Certainly , the decent Swazi culture that our forebears cherished so much would never tolerate legalised rape or even abuse of children and women , it would never promote slavery , where the poor people are forced to work in the private farms of the chief and the king , it would never tolerate that an individual could amass so much wealth while our people languish in desperate poverty , as it would never allow decision making and participation in matters of public interest to be a monopoly of the royal family and their friends .
We must expose evil practices disguised as our culture and call them what they really are , we must call things by their name .
The Swaziland that always changes in order to remain the same
The country has undergone so many changes , but fundamentally , all the changes are about how best to preserve royal rule , at all costs .
These artificial and cosmetic changes create a false illusion and gives an impression that something dramatic is happening in the country , yet daily we are drifting further and further away from where we should be going , towards a new and democratic Swaziland , free from royal plunder and oppression .
The more the changes happen , the more things remain the same and the more royal oppression becomes deeply institutionalised in our society .
Our people have even begun to lose some hope that things will ever really change .
When comrades Mandla Hlatshwako and Mario Masuku of the Peoples United Democratic Movement ( PUDEMO -- Swaziland 's liberation movement ) were seduced by the system to flirt with it and join the royal bandwagon , the monarchy thought it had landed a huge deal and would decisively weaken the forces of struggle .
Alas , to the monarchy 's dismay , the opposite was to happen .
Principled as they are , these comrades , products of a principled movement and disciplined cadre that they are , openly refused and chose to remain on the side of the poor and oppressed .
This happened , even against some elements beginning to think we must allow the comrades to ``infiltrate '' the system , without realising that the system would , in fact have infiltrated us , instead .
We stand tall and proud that we belong to an organisation that has refused to be associated , in any way , with an evil system , tinkhundla .
That organisation is called PUDEMO , the proven and trusted movement of the oppressed and struggling masses of Swaziland , which has , over the years , proven that whatever , ranged against you , the odds may be , principles remains high .
We also applaud that we work together with our allies in the labour movement and other social forces , who now together constitute what is the Swaziland United Democratic Front ( SUDF ) .
We are proud to have been part of the forebears of the SUDF initiative , the commitment to work together and bring under one umbrella all progressive forces in order to isolate the enemy .
The enemy is one and that is the tinkhundla royal system that has subjected our people to years of suffering and oppression .
Where are we today
The regime remains stubborn that only tinkhundla non-party elections shall take place and that the tight hold of the royal state on the levers of power is not about to be eased .
This means we must prepare ourselves for a deep , protracted and painful struggle .
Any illusion that we are about to be freed or that we are on the horizon of the promised land is too romantic to be true .
On the September 19 , the system shall be conducting daylight fraud called elections , legally fooling the world that things are happening , or about to happen , in Swaziland .
In a world of double standards , who cares !
We live in a world where the interests of the powerful countries determine where cameras should focus , no matter what the issues and their depth .
Who can dare explain to me the logic of a country that has never seen anything close to democratic elections multiparty elections since 1973 , yet no one , including civil society , has raised this issue .
All of us prefer to remain quiet or , at best , passively lament this situation .
While we welcome Botswana 's stand on Zimbabwe , we would have more reason to believe it is honest and principled , if it had done the same with Swaziland all these years , or at least once .
For now , all we can see is hypocrisy and selective morality or double standards in the application and defence of democratic principles and traditions .
Dear comrades , the struggle for the affirmation of human dignity will not be televised , but it will unfold in the humble surroundings of our communities and places .
The revolutionary tempo has and must change !
Unless we resort to new and more effectively decisive methods of struggle , tinkhundla will continue to laugh at us as a bunch of desperate fellows , without any firm resort .
In all our sites of struggle , we must and have resolved that things in Swaziland must change .
You may have seen in the past few days that the Congress of South African Trade Unions ( COSATU ) has engaged a new gear on the issues of democracy in Zimbabwe and Swaziland .
Things are about to happen , wait and see .
The new resolve of the democratic forces inside Swaziland is inspiring and encouraging , it allows the solidarity momentum generated elsewhere to be nurtured by the fertility of the political moisture on the ground .
The formation of the SUDF is the apex and climax of that resolve .
Added to this is the fact that , for the first time , trade unions in Swaziland held a joint May Day event this year .
All these pointers make one clear statement , which is that the time of disunity and divisiveness are over and we should not allow the enemy to weaken and divide us any further .
We must force the world to realise that unless they act and act decisively on Swaziland , there shall be no peace in the whole region and beyond .
We have heard enough excuses about not knowing what is happening and pretending not to be affected by what is happening .
The geopolitical size and strategic significance of Swaziland is no reason for the people to continue suffering for so long , while new terrains of struggle are making decisive headway towards some form of political resolution .
We have a march tomorrow in which we are glad that you shall be part , true to the traditions of militant struggle and activism that this movement is known for .
We are glad to welcome you and to work with you in consolidating the forward momentum of this new tide .
We are also glad to indicate that on top of the 20 Swazis already in this conference , there are about three or more buses coming for tomorrow 's march , indeed an indication that things have and must change .
We are building a solid force starting from inside the country and firmly reaching out to all genuine patriots the world over , as part of this renewed momentum , and you are definitely a key part of it .
All this should be critical , but wait until we finalise the coming thunderstorm , involving the non-handling of goods and services to both Zimbabwe and Swaziland , to be launched soon and see if things will not change in Swaziland .
We must be ready for the release of a new CD by Mswati sometime soon , singing an entirely new and different song and not a different tune of the same song , but an entirely new song .
New times require new methods and this is the time !
Once again , dear comrade chairperson , please accept my gratitude for your sterling work and your invitation for me to share ideas on these issues , as we intensify the march to a new and democratic Southern Africa through a new and democratic Swaziland and Zimbabwe !
Amandla !
[ Bongani Masuku is a PUDEMO member based in South Africa , a former secretary general of the Swaziland Solidarity Network .
He is also COSATU 's international secretary of COSATU .
This is an abridged version of Masuku 's address to the fourth Conference of the Southern African Peoples Solidarity Network , held in Kempton Park , Johannesburg , on August 15 , 2008 . ]
_____________________________
Subscribe to Swaziland@Newsletter for free at SAK - Swazinewsletter-subscribe@yahoogroups.co .
Swaziland@Newsletter is published by Africa Contact ( Denmark ) and distributed to more than 1700 national and international organisations and private individuals in Southern Africa , Europe and the United States of America .
Support the democratic movement in Swaziland : MANDELA FUND : Den Danske Bank , Norre Voldgade 68 , 1358 Copenhagen K , Denmark .
SWIFT - BIC : DABADKKK .
Registration Number : 0274 .
Account Number : 3327000 .
The MANDELA FUND is a registered national collection in Denmark .
