With the comfy starship and the open - minded , humanistic captain , life in the Star Trek universe sure looks a hell of a lot easier than what we 're doing now .
But make no mistake , the USS Enterprise is a workplace like any other , and there are strict rules that must be followed if unthinkable consequences are to be avoided .
Here are some helpful guidelines you can find posted around the ship .
The Transporter Room :
From the Bridge :
The Uniform Dispenser :
Security :
The Captain 's Quarters :
copyright 2001 - Stephen Redgwell
Military surplus cases
Do you have a military surplus rifle chambered in 7.62 x 51 mm ?
If so , you probably bought it to get a " 308 Winchester " at a really low price .
Well , you messed up .
It 's like looking at a rabbit and a hare .
They 're close , but each is distinctive , and you have to understand what you 're looking at .
Early in my military career , I worked on the FNC1 rifle ( 7.62 NATO ) .
For someone that had only handled civilian shotguns and rifles , this was going to be a real treat !
It was only natural that curiosity would generate questions and comparisons about what I thought was the same cartridge - 308 Winchester and the 7.62x51 mm NATO .
One of my personal rifles was a Midland 2100 chambered for 308 Winchester .
It was made in England by a small company - Midland Rifle Co - but owned by Parker Hale .
Since there was a lot of military 7.62x51 mm available , I shot them from my 2100 from time to time .
There was never a problem chambering or firing the military stuff .
It was a pleasant diversion over the long ( read boring ) periods spent at the range for base small arms qualifications .
Around this time , I discovered that shooting reloaded cases fired from an FN was virtually impossible .
They did n't want to chamber .
My frustration led me to ask an older armourer what was wrong .
In a nutshell , he told me that they probably did n't fit because they stretched .
I was using a Lee Loader in 308 Winchester and did n't know that they only resized the neck , leaving the rest of the case untouched .
The shoulders were blown forward on initial firing , so the case was simply too long to fit my rifle 's chamber !
Hmmm ...
I tried the gauges from work in my own rifle and was surprised to discover that none of them would fit !
The corporal brought a set in from home and explained the difference .
Here 's what I discovered .
308 Winchester ( SAAMI ) Gauges
GO - 1.6300 "
NOGO - 1.6340 "
FIELD - 1.6380 " Shop ( Military ) Gauges
GO - 1.6350 "
NOGO - 1.6405 "
FIELD - 1.6455 "
The gauge sets were different too !
What gives ?
He told me that the dimensions of the two new and unfired cartridges were basically the same .
The difference lay in two areas - chamber size and cartridge makeup .
CHAMBER SIZE
Look at the picture below .
The top chamber represents a military rifle , the bottom one a commercial sporter .
With many military rifles , their chambers can be significantly longer than , say , a Remington 700 .
Note that the military chamber would fail a NO GO check , but pass a FIELD check using the proper shop ( military ) gauges .
There is a .013 " difference in chamber length however , between these two " Safe & Serviceable " rifles !
The dotted line represents the point on the shoulder where the cartridge would headspace
There will be distinct differences between chambers of military rifles based on :
Type - Ishapore , Garand , FN etc .
Amount of Use
Condition at Time of Sale
Just by looking at the dimensions , you can see that using SAAMI gauges is bound to reveal " problems " .
CARTRIDGE MAKEUP
I said at the beginning that these two cartridges were basically the same , dimensionally .
While they may share similar external measurements , there is one major difference that you can't see - case wall thickness .
Military brass is thicker .
It needs to be .
It was made to function and stretch in a wide variety of firearm chambers .
Do n't forget that the condition of spent brass is of no importance to the service .
Like 99 % of military brass , it wo n't be reused .
Where does that leave you ?
Follow this rule and you wo n't have any problems .
DON'T USE YOUR RIFLE IF IT FAILS THE SAAMI FIELD CHECK !!
Why not ?
Right away you know that the chamber is measuring more than 1.6380 " ( SAAMI FIELD ) - possibly more .
Commercial 308 ammunition may stretch by 0.008 " when fired !
Possibly more .
It may even rupture !
You must get the headspace corrected to bring it in line with SAAMI specs .
Hey , it 's for your own safety !
Based on this rule , find your situation below .
__
I DON'T RELOAD AND USE ONLY MILSURP AMMUNITION .
You should n't have any problems .
I DON'T RELOAD BUT WANT TO USE COMMERCIAL AMMUNITION .
There is a potential problem with brass integrity .
Commercial cases are NOT as thick as their military cousins .
There is less brass , so if you use them in an original , unmeasured military chamber , there may not be sufficient material to stretch and fill the chamber without rupturing .
That 's bad !!
I RELOAD .
You know that commercial brass is thinner .
An easy way to see this is to weigh a fired case of each type .
You 'll see that the commercial case is lighter .
There may not be enough brass left - after lengthening - for any decent case life .
You will only aggravate the situation by full length resizing ( it weakens the case by overworking the brass ) , loading at or near maximum or both .
__
If you own a milsurp bolt gun like an Ishapore 2A or 2A1 , consider neck sizing the brass for better case life , fit and accuracy .
SOME FINAL THOUGHTS
Military ammunition is loaded to maximum average pressure 50,000 CUP ( approximately 58,000 PSI using the modern piezo transducer method of measurement ) .
This standard is used to ensure better consistency round to round .
It is proofed at 67,000PSI .
The ammunition can then be used in a wide variety of firearms with no ill effects .
Look for the NATO design mark .
NATO mark found on the outside of ammunition containers and the bottom of each case rim .
Commercial ammunition has a SAAMI / ANSI maximum pressure of 62,000PSI .
While not every manufacturer may load it to this level , this is the industry established maximum .
This is also measured using the piezo transducer method .
The proof cartridge pressure is 83,000 to 89,000 PSI .
Note the differences between the military test and operational standard vs the commercial one .
The worst case scenario for shooters of 7.62 NATO rifles is as follows :
Using a commercially made , maximum pressure cartridge with long headspace , fired from a weak action ( ex. converted 93/95 Mausers ) .
The weaker action is a possible final piece of the 308 vs 7.62 NATO puzzle .
Perhaps no single element will cause your rifle to fail .
Maybe you 've used your rifle for a while with no ill effects .
Usually a rifle will take some abuse before failing .
Like a lot of things in life , Murphy 's Law -
If something can go wrong , it will - could very well catch up with you .
Personally , I do n't like the odds .
Click on this link to check out the book !
I thought I might post another shot of the Madison Milton Bridge that spans the Ohio River in Madison Indiana , I shot this one and a few others one foggy morning a few days back , I liked how the bridge disappeared into a fog bank and left you with a feeling of nothingness ( is that a word )
What was really strange was to be standing under the bridge and when a semi- truck would rumble over you could actually see the vibrations of the bridge thru the veiwfinder of the camera , I had it mounted on a tripod , which made seeing it possible .
I always hate crossing that bridge , if you lived here you would know what I am talking about !
I actually printed this one off and it came out really nice , the B&W really looks cool with subjects like this , I might post the color version of this as well sometime , usually an image looks good in color or b&w , but this one is nice in both .
Thanks for stopping by and taking a look !
by Brett Stevens on June 28 , 2009
Every now and then someone from the adult world stirs themselves to study kids , and finds out what we all knew : adults and children live in different realities .
You know how at this blog we always talk about multiple factors being considered at one time , as if it were an essential cognitive tool ?
Check this :
1. Kids are clueless in certain ways
2. Adults are oblivious to certain things they must endure
3 . Kids are aware in ways adults are not
4 . Adult experience brings an awareness kids cannot have .
All four are true — at the same time — which does n’t invalidate either experience , but points us to where we should look .
A surprising number of teenagers â€ ” nearly 15 percent â€ ” think they ’re going to die young , leading many to drug use , suicide attempts and other unsafe behavior , new research suggests .
The study , based on a survey of more than 20,000 kids , challenges conventional wisdom that says teens engage in risky behavior because they think they ’re invulnerable to harm .
Instead , a sizable number of teens may take chances “ because they feel hopeless and figure that not much is at stake , ” said study author Dr. Iris Borowsky , a researcher at the University of Minnesota .
AP
Well , no kidding .
Our species cannot decide whether global warming will kill us or not happen at all .
Our species is tolerant of its criminals , parasites , etc . but never fails to go out of its way to bash down the one who rises above the crowd .
Our culture is garbage .
Madonna , Michael Jackson ?
You ’re kidding , right .
Our leaders are whores and the voters are even dumber whores who are content to be led with lies , because they cannot face difficult or complex truths .
Our media is full of fears , our leaders control us with fears , and worst of all , everyone around us appears oblivious to long - standing problems in our society — environment , racial conflict , crime , corruption — because these are n’t polite to mention .
Humanity has slipped into its own world , a world ruled by social devices and the avoidance of conflict , and as a result , cannot face reality .
At all .
Kids see this , because it ’s new to them and they ’re very afraid of these adult things they see coming down the pipe .
Adults survive by making polite commentary and ignoring problems , even though they have to know that eventually this mess will blow up in their faces … or in someone ’s face , at least , because in fifty years these adults will be dead or on their way , and at that point , why should they care ?
( Obviously I disagree . )
So on to the next shocker :
American adults from young to old disagree increasingly today on social values ranging from religion to relationships , creating the largest generation gap since divisions 40 years ago over Vietnam , civil rights and women ’s liberation .
A survey being released Monday by the Pew Research Center highlights a widening age divide after last November ’s election , when 18 - to 29 - year - olds voted for Democrat Barack Obama by a 2 - to - 1 ratio .
Almost eight in 10 people believe there is a major difference in the point of view of younger people and older people today , according to the independent public opinion research group .
That is the highest spread since 1969 , when about 74 percent reported major differences in an era of generational conflicts over the Vietnam War and civil and women ’s rights .
In contrast , just 60 percent in 1979 saw a generation gap .
AP
Remember how above I said all four factors were true at one ?
Kids are clueless about life and adults are oblivious to some things kids see , but kids are also inexperienced , where adult experience can be useful .
One of the biggest confusions we have is that kids are really good at spotting the elephant in the room , but their solutions are amateurish .
Inexperienced , they tend to defend the individual , because they interpret the world personally .
“ It ’s trying to get me , ” they think , because they ’ve been raised at the center of their own universe by their parents , and now they ’re having to adapt to the fact the world does n’t care .
It just does what it does , and if you get snared , oh well !
So now adults and kids not only exist in two different realities , but are heading toward different polarized political views , one of which is liberal and one of which is reactionary .
And all these confused people vote .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Like Bush , Obama White House Chooses Secrecy for Key Office During campaign , Obama promised to run " most transparent government in history "
May 15 , 2009  -- President Obama 's recent about - face to fight the release of photographs purportedly showing detainee abuse met with sharp protests from watchdogs and open - government advocates .
But it 's not the first time the White House has acted at the expense of Obama 's promise to run " the most transparent and accountable government in history . "
A sweeping new Obama administration openness policy does n't apply to a key White House office that supports most of Obama 's key staff and advisers , administration officials confirm .
Rather , the Obama White House has opted to retain a Bush - era policy that blocks information about those operations from public release .
Just weeks after taking office , the Obama administration adopted an unprecedented policy of sunlight , directing bureaucrats across government to " apply a presumption of openness " regarding the release of documents to the public , according to a memo by Obama 's attorney general , Eric Holder .
But in keeping with his predecessor 's position , Obama 's policy does not cover an important part of the White House : the Office of Administration , which oversees much of the day - to - day functions of the president 's own office and staff .
In 2007 , then - president George W. Bush , whose penchant for secrecy was a reliable villain in Obama 's campaign speeches , became the first president to declare the White House Office of Administration off - limits to public inquiries .
At the time , Bush was engaged in a heated court battle with good government groups over access to information about a massive batch of missing White House e-mails .
A federal court ruled in favor of the Bush administration , agreeing that the office was not technically an " agency " as defined by FOIA , and was not required to abide by the openness law .
Today , the Obama White House Web site announces that the Office of Administration " is not subject to FOIA and related authorities . "
And that 's just not good enough , say government watchdogs .
Watchdogs Call for More Openness
Steven Aftergood , who runs the Project on Government Secrecy at the Federation of American Scientists , agreed , noting that he'd also like to see Obama reverse a Clinton administration decision to exempt the White House National Security Council from FOIA , a stance Bush maintained and Obama has shown no inclination to reverse .
Sobel says the 2007 court ruling hardly forces the White House to disregard FOIA requests to the Office of Administration , and called such an argument " disingenuous . "
Obama , he said , has already embraced " discretionary " releases of information – releasing documents , even if the law does n't force them to – such as the so - called " torture memos , " once - secret documents written over the past several years by officials in Bush 's Justice Department .
Asked why the Obama White House chose to stick with a Bush - era legal interpretation that favored secrecy to openness , White House spokesman Nick Shapiro responded with a written statement .
" The Administration has already taken steps to restore a new level of accountability and transparency to government , " Shapiro wrote , " and we are reviewing ways to continue to increase transparency . "
Obama 's position on openness for his own operations stands in contrast with his campaign rhetoric .
On the trail , Obama promised " [ the ] Most Transparent and Accountable Administration in History , " as his communications staff put it .
" More and more , the real business of our democracy is n't done in town halls or public meetings or even in the open halls of Congress , " he told an Iowa audience in 2007 .
" Decisions are made in closed - door meetings , or with the silent stroke of the President 's pen , or because some lobbyist got some Congressman to slip his pet project into a bill during the dead of night .
We have to take the blinders off the White House . "
38 - year - old Young Republican leader Audra Shay got in some trouble for lol-ing at racism .
She is standing tough , though !
So it is time to go back and find all the other crazy in her Facebook feed , for our own lulz .
The story , as of Monday : a Facebook friend of Audra commented , " obama bin lauden is the new terrorist .... muslim is on there side ..... need to take this country back from all these mad coons ....... and illegals . "
And Audra responded : " You tell em Eric ! lol . "
Audra unfriended some people who complained about her reaction , but not racist Eric himself .
And then the internet heard about it .
But Audra is still running to be chairwoman of the Young Republicans .
And John Avlon at The Daily Beast has tracked down all the other examples of Audra 's Facebook nuttiness .
The weird and sad thing is that everything she writes is utterly crazy and deranged , but it is so within the current bounds of acceptable political discourse that we are like " why is she worse than Jim DeMint , again ? "
But here you go , here is the crazy :
In October 2008 , in the wake of news that an effigy of Sarah Palin was being hung outside an affluent Hollywood home as an offensive Halloween decoration , Shay replied , returning to the " LOL " style that she employed after the " coons " comment : " What no ‘ Obama in a noose ?
Come on now , its just freedome ( sic ) of speech , no one in Atlanta would take that wrong !
Lol . "
Posting and endorsing a conspiracy theory video that attempts to prove that Obama believes he can only " ensure his own salvation " and " fate " if he helps African - Americans above whites , complete with Barnum - esque captions ( " LISTEN AS HE ATTACKS WHITE PEOPLE " ) .
And so on !
And she will still probably win her campaign for chairwoman of the Young Republicans .
None of these crazy comments disqualifies her from leading them , because this is already what old Republicans say , openly , on TV and on the radio , all the time .
So , good luck , Audra Shay .
You certainly do represent the future of the Republican party !
An ATM vendor has succeeded in getting a security talk pulled from the upcoming Black Hat conference after a researcher announced he would demonstrate a vulnerability in the system .
Barnaby Jack , a researcher with Juniper Networks , was to present a demonstration showing how he could " jackpot " a popular ATM brand by exploiting a vulnerability in its software .
Jack was scheduled to present his talk at the upcoming Black Hat security conference being held in Las Vegas at the end of July .
But on Monday evening , his employer released a statement saying it was canceling the talk due to the vendor 's intervention .
" Juniper believes that Jack ’s research is important to be presented in a public forum in order to advance the state of security , " the statement read .
" However , the affected ATM vendor has expressed to us concern about publicly disclosing the research findings before its constituents were fully protected .
Considering the scope and possible exposure of this issue on other vendors , Juniper decided to postpone Jack ’s presentation until all affected vendors have sufficiently addressed the issues found in his research . "
In the description of his talk on the conference web site , Jack wrote that , " The most prevalent attacks on Automated Teller Machines typically involve the use of card skimmers , or the physical theft of the machines themselves .
Rarely do we see any targeted attacks on the underlying software .
This presentation will retrace the steps I took to interface with , analyze , and find a vulnerability in a line of popular new model ATM's .
The presentation will explore both local and remote attack vectors , and finish with a live demonstration of an attack on an unmodified , stock ATM . "
Jack did not disclose the ATM brand or discuss whether the vulnerability was found in the ATM 's own software or in its underlying operating system .
Diebold ATMs , one of the most popular brands , runs on a Windows operating system , as do some other brands of ATMs .
Diebold did not respond to a call for comment .
Earlier this year , Diebold released an urgent alert ( .pdf ) announcing that Russian hackers had installed malicious software on several of its Opteva model ATMs in Russia and Ukraine .
A security researcher at SophosLabs uncovered three examples of Trojan horse programs designed to infect the ATMs and wrote a brief analysis of them .
Last month another security research lab , Trustwave 's SpiderLabs , provided more in - depth analysis of malware used to attack 20 ATMs in Russia and Ukraine of various brands .
According to SpiderLabs , the attack required an insider , such as an ATM technician or anyone else with a key to the machine , to place the malware on the ATM .
Once that was done , attackers could insert a control card into the machine ’s card reader to trigger the malware and give them control of the machine through a custom interface and the ATM ’s keypad .
The malware captured account numbers and PINs from the machine ’s transaction application and then delivered it to the thief on a receipt printed from the machine in an encrypted format or to a storage device inserted in the card reader .
A thief could also instruct the machine to eject whatever cash is inside the machine .
A fully loaded ATM can hold up to $ 600,000 .
It 's unclear if the talk Jack was scheduled to give addresses the same vulnerability and malware or a new kind of attack .
It 's not the first time that a vendor has intervened to halt a security talk discussing a vulnerability with its system .
In 2005 , Cisco tried to prevent researcher Mike Lynn from presenting his talk on a serious security hole in the operating system that runs its routers .
Lynn had received approval from both Cisco and his employer Internet Security Systems ( ISS ) to present the talk at Black Hat that year .
But Cisco changed its mind at the last minute , pressuring the conference to cancel the talk and rip out pages of the presentation from the conference catalogue .
Cisco and ISS threatened to sue Lynn and conference organizers if the talk proceeded .
Lynn resigned from his job hours before the scheduled talk and gave his demonstration anyway .
He was roundly praised by security professionals , including administrators of military and government networks , for defying the threats and disclosing the important vulnerability .
At the end of his talk , Lynn asked the audience if anyone wanted to give him a job .
Juniper Networks , the company now responsible for pulling the Barnaby Jack talk , hired Lynn shortly thereafter .
Photo : Random ATM ; Thetruthabout / Flickr
See also :
A court on Tuesday halved the jail term of a 29 - year - old Jordanian man who shot his raped sister 12 times " in the name of honour " , a judicial official said .
The criminal court initially sentenced the man to 15 years with hard labour for killing his sister in 2008 in Mowaqqar , southeast of the capital Amman , but immediately reduced it to seven - and - a - half years .
The judgment can be appealed within 30 days .
" The woman disappeared from home for six months after she was raped last year , " the official said .
" Police kept the woman in custody for protection and later handed her over to the family , but the brother shot her 12 times in different parts of her body once she arrived home , killing her immediately . "
Your CPU Came From Sand
Sand .
Made up of 25 percent silicon , is , after oxygen , the second most abundant chemical element that 's in the earth 's crust .
Sand , especially quartz , has high percentages of silicon in the form of silicon dioxide ( SiO2 ) and is the base ingredient for semiconductor manufacturing .
Purification and Growing
After procuring raw sand and separating the silicon , the excess material is disposed of and the silicon is purified in multiple steps to finally reach semiconductor manufacturing quality which is called electronic grade silicon .
The resulting purity is so great that electronic grade silicon may only have one alien atom for every one billion silicon atoms .
After the purification process , the silicon enters the melting phase .
In this picture you can see how one big crystal is grown from the purified silicon melt .
The resulting mono -crystal is called an ingot .
A Big Ingot
A mono-crystal ingot is produced from electronic grade silicon .
One ingot weighs approximately 100 kilograms ( or 220 pounds ) and has a silicon purity of 99.9999 percent .
Ingot Slicing
The ingot is then moved onto the slicing phase where individual silicon discs , called wafers , are sliced thin .
Some ingots can stand higher than five feet .
Several different diameters of ingots exist depending on the required wafer size .
Today , CPUs are commonly made on 300 mm wafers .
Wafer Polishing
Once cut , the wafers are polished until they have flawless , mirror - smooth surfaces .
Intel does n't produce its own ingots and wafers , and instead purchases manufacturing - ready wafers from third - party companies .
Intel ’s advanced 45 nm High - K / Metal Gate process uses wafers with a diameter of 300 mm ( or 12 - inches ) .
When Intel first began making chips , it printed circuits on 50 mm ( 2 - inches ) wafers .
These days , Intel uses 300 mm wafers , resulting in decreased costs per chip .
Photo Resist Application
The blue liquid , depicted above , is a photo resist finish similar to those used in film for photography .
The wafer spins during this step to allow an evenly - distributed coating that 's smooth and also very thin .
UV Light Exposure
At this stage , the photo - resistant finish is exposed to ultra violet ( UV ) light .
The chemical reaction triggered by the UV light is similar to what happens to film material in a camera the moment you press the shutter button .
Areas of the resist on the wafer that have been exposed to UV light will become soluble .
The exposure is done using masks that act like stencils .
When used with UV light , masks create the various circuit patterns .
The building of a CPU essentially repeats this process over and over until multiple layers are stacked on top of each other .
A lens ( middle ) reduces the mask 's image to a small focal point .
The resulting " print " on the wafer is typically four times smaller , linearly , than the mask 's pattern .
More Exposing
In the picture we have a representation of what a single transistor would appear like if we could see it with the naked eye .
A transistor acts as a switch , controlling the flow of electrical current in a computer chip .
Intel researchers have developed transistors so small that they claim roughly 30 million of them could fit on the head of a pin .
Photo Resist Washing
After being exposed to UV light , the exposed blue photo resist areas are completely dissolved by a solvent .
This reveals a pattern of photo resist made by the mask .
The beginnings of transistors , interconnects , and other electrical contacts begin to grow from this point .
Etching
The photo resist layer protects wafer material that should not be etched away .
Areas that were exposed will be etched away with chemicals .
Photo Resist Removal
After the etching , the photo resist is removed and the desired shape becomes visible .
And a fairly long exchange of letters ( December , 2000 ) on the subject of , was Velikovsky an obvious fool , and if so , what should be done about him ?
Because my correspondent in this has said that on reflection he prefers not to be named .
The conversation is still worth recording .
THE FOLLOWING LINKS ARE TO BOOKMARKS IN THIS DOCUMENT .
You may just skip this section and read stuff in the order it appears here , beginning with the Spring 2000 note that caused me to put this all together .
Science , when done right , remains the best means of advancing human knowledge , and the notion that we do n't know anything , and can't know anything , and everything we think we know is false , is bunkum : we all know we live longer and better ( in the physical sense ) than our ancestors ; that we know more about the Universe than was known in , say , the 13th Century ; that we may still believe nonsense , but there is less nonsense about the nature of the world than there used to be .
Spiritually we may not be so well off , and I suppose there are those who say we'd be better off diseased and ignorant but with the right spiritual beliefs , but outside cocktail parties and undergraduate bull sessions there are n't many people I want to know who believe that .
I have my doubts about this era , but they do n't involve regretting that I have teeth and feel pretty good at my age .
teglværkshavnen block in copenhagen
it was recently announced that the tenth alvar aalto medal has been awarded to the danish architecture firm tegnestuen vandkunsten .
this occasion marks the first time the award was given to a team of architects instead of an individual .
tegnestuen vandkunsten has been practising for almost forty years , focusing primarily on residential architecture .
they have been integrating ideas of communality , convertibility and sustainable development into their work for many years .
the firm was a pioneer in developing socially and environmentally aware architecture , which was widely emulated .
the alvar aalto medal is awarded every five years or so to ‘ persons with significant achievements in creative architecture ’.
previous winners include alvar aalto , jørn utzon , tadao ando , glenn murcutt and steven holl .
http://www.vandkunsten.com
http://www.mfa.fi
dianas have at hørsholm , denmark
tinggården residential district near køge
hestra parkstad in sweden
June 29 , 2009  --
Acetaminophen is the most commonly used painkiller in the country and the U.S. Food and Drug Administration will scrutinize its safety record today in the shadow of concerns that people taking too much of it are damaging their livers .
Research has shown that hundreds of Americans each year experience acute liver failure as a result of taking acetaminophen -- widely known under the brand name Tylenol -- and about 100 people die annually from overdosing on the painkiller , either intentionally or unintentionally .
Although researchers have found that the drug is safe if taken at recommended levels , its prevalence in a variety of pain relievers , fever reducers and cough medicines as a somewhat hidden ingredient means patients do n't realize they are taking several drugs that all contain acetaminophen .
Moreover , combining the medication with alcoholic beverages increases the risk of liver damage .
These concerns and more will be the subject of discussion today and Tuesday at the Center for Drug Evaluation and Research Joint Meeting of the Drug Safety and Risk Management Advisory Committee , the FDA 's Nonprescription Drugs Advisory Committee , and the Anesthetic and Life Support Drugs Advisory Committee .
No matter the outcome of the meeting , however , consumers will still be able to get acetaminophen .
Twenty - nine billion extended units ( tablets / capsules / milliliters ) of prescription and over - the - counter , acetaminophen - containing products were sold through retail and non-retail pharmacies in 2005 , according to the FDA .
" It 's important to say that they 're not considering taking acetaminophen off the shelves , " ABC News Medical Contributor Dr. Marie Savard said on " Good Morning America " this morning .
" When taken in the proper dosage , this is a safe drug that 's been used for more than a half century .
The problem is that people often take more than the maximum dosage and that can cause serious liver damage and sometimes even death . "
One of the items on the FDA 's agenda , Savard said , is looking into eliminating combination drugs that contain acetaminophen to curb the incidence of accidental overdose .
The agency will also be exploring the possibility of better labeling of these drugs -- including strong warnings about the risks of liver damage -- and it's considering reducing the maximum daily dosage levels for over - the - counter acetaminophen to no more than 3,250 milligrams from the current max of 4,000 milligrams per day .
Is Acetaminophen Safe ?
The FDA has struggled with the issue of acetaminophen 's safety since at least 1977 , when an agency committee suggested that labels for pain relievers contain a warning that they can damage a patient 's liver .
McNeil Consumer Healthcare , a Johnson & Johnson subsidiary and the manufacturer of Tylenol , said in a statement last month that they fear recommendations made by the FDA could have the effect of steering consumers away from an appropriate and safe drug .
" While we share the FDA 's mutual goal of preventing and decreasing the misuse and overdose of acetaminophen , we have concerns that some of the FDA recommendations could discourage appropriate use and are not necessary to addressing the root causes of acetaminophen overdose , " the statement read .
And the Consumer Healthcare Products Association , a not - for - profit association representing the makers of over - the - counter medicines and nutritional supplements , cited FDA data showing that more than 80 percent of fatalities associated with over - the - counter and prescription acetaminophen products involve intentional overdoses -- in other words , suicide attempts .
Savard agreed that , in most cases , acetaminophen is safe .
" The truth is that acetaminophen is the safest choice for pain and fever , " she said .
" The alternatives -- inflammation blockers , like aspirin and ibuprofen -- have even more safety concerns .
They can cause ulcers and bleeding , high blood pressure , and kidney disease .
With acetaminophen , if you stick to the right dose and do n't take too much , it 's generally very safe . "
Still , the hazards of acetaminophen overdose have worried many poeple for years .
In 2002 , Dr. Peter Lurie of the consumer advocacy group Public Citizen appeared before the FDA 's Nonprescription Drugs Advisory Committee to relay concerns about unintentional overdoses associated with acetaminophen .
In November 2005 , a study in the journal Hepatology found that the majority of acute liver failure cases in the United States were due to acetaminophen poisoning .
And more recent research has suggested that these cases may be on the rise .
Keeping Yourself Safe From Acetaminophen Overdose
Fortunately , Savard said , consumers can go a long way in terms of protecting themselves if they simply monitor the drugs they are taking and , especially , if they are aware of the ingredients in the products they take to ease their pain .
" More than 200 products have acetaminophen in them , " Savard said .
" Everything you put in your mouth counts -- and that includes prescription drugs too , which can also contain acetaminophen . "
Savard 's advice to consumers ?
Read every label carefully and keep track of how many doses of acetaminophen you take per day .
She added that consumers must also become more savvy to clues on labels that point to acetaminophen .
" When you 're checking prescription drugs like these , look for the letters ' APAP , ' which designate that the medication contains acetaminophen , " she said .
" Drugs like codeine and oxycodone often come with acetaminophen but , as I said , it 's labeled as ' APAP . ' "
Many under - 18s locked up on remand are later found innocent
Up to three - quarters of children who are locked up before they appear in court do not subsequently receive a jail sentence , a report says .
The Prison Reform
Trust says children should only be remanded before trial if there is evidence they may commit a violent offence if released on bail .
It wants budget reforms to remove the incentive to jail children on remand .
The Ministry of Justice said decisions on whether to remand an under - 18 to custody were " rightly for the courts " .
The report , Children : Innocent Until Proven Guilty , says that of those children placed in remand by magistrates ' courts , three quarters will be found innocent or will not receive a prison sentence for their crime .
This , the report says , means they were locked up without ever being convicted .
It is disturbing that in many parts of the country prison is being used as a convenient place to park innocent children while they await trial
Penelope Gibbs , Prison Reform Trust
The trust quotes the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child , of which the UK government is a signatory , states child imprisonment should be used " only as a measure of last resort and for the shortest appropriate period of time " .
It says that in 2007 - 08 , the average population of under - 18s in custody at any one time was 2,942 , of whom 606 were on remand .
This is an increase of 41 % from 2000 - 01 , when the average population was 2,807 , with 429 on remand .
The trust estimates more than 1,000 children who are found innocent at trial are locked up each year .
It recommends the government and the Youth Justice Board should focus on areas with particularly high remand rates .
Additional support and training to local youth offending teams , prosecutors and magistrates should also be given , it says .
' Convenient place '
The report also states that because child custody is paid for by central government , " there is a perverse incentive which encourages local authorities not to provide specialist remand accommodation as an alternative to prison " .
It calls for the budget for remand to be delegated to local authorities , stating that " if local councils had to foot the bill for every child in their area who goes to jail they would have a greater incentive to prevent offending and to offer robust alternatives to custody " .
Penelope Gibbs , of the Prison Reform Trust , said : " It is disturbing that in many parts of the country prison is being used as a convenient place to park innocent children while they await trial .
It is often the most vulnerable young people who are being locked up
Elizabeth Lovell , Children 's Society " If we want an effective and decent youth justice system which is focused on helping children out of trouble rather than criminalising them , the government must work with local councils and courts to put a stop to this abuse of the remand system . "
Children 's Society policy adviser Elizabeth Lovell described the report as " excellent " and said it reflected what it had seen in practice .
" Our Remand Review Scheme highlighted how many young people were being remanded to secure facilities unnecessarily .
We believe that children should only be imprisoned on remand in only the most exceptional circumstances , " she said .
" It is often the most vulnerable young people who are being locked up . "
A Ministry of Justice spokesman said : " The decision as to whether to remand a young person under 18 to custody is rightly for the courts .
" Similarly , bail decisions and sentencing in individual cases are a matter for the judiciary who are independent of government .
They will make their decisions based on the facts of each individual case .
" The government believes that young people should only be sent to custody as a last resort .
During the last seven years there has been a 10 % decrease in the number of young people remanded to custody . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The American public is eager for dramatic change in U.S. energy policy , but Democratic efforts to sell their agenda on energy and climate change are n't reaching voters , a prominent Democratic Party polling firm is warning .
The strategy memo from Greenberg Quinlan Rosner and the think tank Third Way also warns that while few voters expect a national energy overhaul to be inexpensive , Democrats are susceptible to Republican arguments that energy proposals will be overly burdensome .
The 12 - page memo ( pdf ) was based on a dozen focus groups conducted with swing voters in six states .
Based on those sessions , the memo says clean - energy advocates face " significant " challenges in selling their agenda .
The memo advises that the best sales pitch for Democrats ' plans is " Get America running on clean energy . "
Forget talk about " green jobs " and " cap and trade . "
Democrats should drop " cap and trade " altogether since it carries negative connotations , the memo advises .
" The problem with ' cap - and - trade ' is n't only that it lacks meaning for voters , it actually focuses on the wrong things , " it says .
Specifically , the memo says " cap " is a problem since voters are focusing on policies that promote economic expansion , not limit it .
" By focusing on capping something , rather than creating something , " the memo warns , " we steer the debate down a dead end . "
Other recommendations in the memo :
Broaden the message beyond jobs to overall domestic economic growth , as voters are looking to embrace policies that will jump - start the economy and make the United States a world leader .
Do not focus on global warming as a primary vehicle for selling the energy agenda , since voters do not see it as an immediate threat to the United States or to themselves .
Make the case that clean energy will reduce dependence on foreign energy sources , but do not call for " energy independence . "
Many voters realize that such a promise is false and will react poorly if that goal is not met .
Drop " green jobs , " which conjures images of " people making environmentally friendly soaps and household products and is seen as exclusionary by some . "
Instead , focus on talking about getting the country running on clean energy .
Embrace the " all of the above " message on energy policy -- that is , getting energy from a variety of sources , including fossil fuels -- as voters already see Democrats supporting renewable energy development .
Argue that opposing a clean - energy agenda is " more of the same , " since voters appear hungry for change .
In addition , the memo argues that advocates need to be more willing to use numbers to combat claims from some Republicans that cap - and - trade legislation will dramatically increase prices on consumers .
The charge that Democrats ' energy plans will cost families an average of $ 3,000 a year -- a number commonly circulated by opponents of the climate legislation -- has " resonance and is memorable , " the memo warns .
Thus the best way to counter that claim is to provide voters with another dollar figure , especially because they have shown willingness to support some cost increases .
" Voters in our groups are willing to weigh competing claims about the real costs of clean energy reform , " the memo advises .
" It would be helpful if the entire progress community agreed on a cost figure -- a unified message here would make it more credible . "
Click here ( pdf ) to view the memo .
Copyright 2009 E&E Publishing .
All Rights Reserved .
In a world of increasingly virtual human interactions , the idea of money is becoming more fluid than authorities find comfortable .
China has officially outlawed the practice of exchanging virtual currency for real goods , and minors are no longer able to buy the virtual cash .
These rules will help the government control trade in China , but they could also impact the huge gold - farming industry that exists in the country .
It 's easy to understand why China has such a problem with " virtual " currency being used for so many purposes .
Tencent QQ is China 's most popular instant - messaging client , offering a currency called " QQ Coins " that are used for purchasing items for their online identity .
This currency has become popular among the youth , and now many online stores will accept the coin as actual payment for goods or online gaming .
Using this virtual currency for real - world transactions outside of the messaging service makes it an ideal way to hide transactions , giving organized crime a potential route to launder money .
The new law makes the acceptable uses of this currency clear .
" The virtual currency , which is converted into real money at a certain exchange rate , will only be allowed to trade in virtual goods and services provided by its issuer , not real goods and services , " the government explained .
So will this law hurt the gold farming industry ?
It 's hard to say at the moment , but common sense says that with so many people making so much money from the practice , the gold farming business has its own momentum that makes enforcing legislation a challenge .
Minors will no longer be able to buy gold or other in - game currencies with actual money , and the selling of the in - game cash for real - world money seems to run afoul of the new rules .
The loophole ?
Gamers could still use the gold to buy in - game items , which could then be sold to other players to be converted back into gold .
That adds an extra layer of complexity for selling in - game money , but shows how easily the law can be subverted .
There are also questions raised by the new law .
If prepaid cards are considered virtual currency , will gamers be asked to provide identification showing they are of legal age before buying time on their favorite games ?
Only currency is named in the law , meaning that virtual items or even characters can still be bought and sold .
As long as there is a stable economy without too much fluctuation in prices , anything online can be used as a currency , making the language potentially vague .
Gamers can make actual money by buying and selling virtual currency — sometimes even across games — which makes the very definition of currency fluid .
If enough people agree that a virtual blue T - shirt is worth a certain amount of yuan , that shirt can become as good as the QQ Coins that were used to buy it , which were of course as good as cash to many retailers already .
Under the Bush administration , obscenity laws went through a period of revival and assumed a more prominent position in federal law enforcement efforts .
This largely began in 2005 when the FBI assembled a team to actively search for " deviant porn " as part of an anti-obscenity initiative that then Attorney General Gonzales and FBI Director Robert Mueller described as " one of the top priorities " of the Bureau .
Cases brought before the courts as a result of the trend towards stronger enforcement of obscenity laws has led to some troubling legal precedents .
In a recent example reported by Wired , an appeals court has upheld an obscenity conviction against defendant Dwight Whorley for possession of hentai , pornographic Japanese comic books .
Whorley was also convicted of a second obscenity count for writing an e-mail describing a sexual fantasy that was regarded as deviant by a jury .
In a dissenting opinion , judge Roger Gregory argued that the court 's decision has troubling implications for freedom of expression and is not consistent with decisions that have been issued by the Supreme Court .
" The Supreme Court 's obscenity jurisprudence has never come close to stripping adults of First Amendment protections for their purely private fantasies , and the implications of our sanctioning this kind of governmental intrusion into individual freedom of thought are incredibly worrisome , " he wrote in his opinion .
In the case of Dwight Whorley , it 's impossible to argue that his interest in the allegedly obscene hentai was purely artistic or cultural .
In addition to the obscenity charges , he was also convicted of possessing actual child pornography .
As such , his punishment is deserved .
The problem , however , is that the separate obscenity convictions set a dubious precedent that could have a chilling effect on freedom of speech and be used against artists or manga collectors who are not pedophiles .
The Miller test is the means by which the courts determine if content falls under the legal definition of obscenity .
Devised by the Supreme Court in a 1973 case , the Miller test asks if a work depicts sexual or adult acts in a patently offensive way , is considered by contemporary community standards to appeal to the prurient interest , and lacks literary , artistic , political , or scientific merit .
In the years since , enforcement has been inconsistent .
Legitimate comic collectors are already being targeted in the obscenity crackdown .
Last month , Wired reported that one manga enthusiast , who never owned actual child pornography , faces charges under obscenity laws and a maximum prison sentence of 15 years because he owns several comics that contain images of underage girls engaged in sexual acts with animals .
The vast majority of his large manga collection was said to be nonpornographic .
The Comic Book Legal Defense Fund and other similar groups issued a statement vocally supporting the defendant .
Naughty drawings were n't always subject to obscenity laws .
These prosecutions are a relatively recent development that was facilitated by the Protect Act of 2003 .
One aspect of the Protect Act is that it criminalizes artificial depictions of obscene acts , including drawings or computer - generated representations .
It 's unclear if that will hold up to legal scrutiny in the long run .
Judge Gregory asserts that the decision in the Whorley case is at odds with Supreme Court precedents .
This is an allusion to a 2002 Supreme Court ruling in Ashcroft v. Free Speech Coalition which struck down a similar provision in the ill - fated Child Pornography Prevention Act of 1996 .
It 's possible that the Supreme Court would reaffirm that position and reject the simulated pornography component of the Protect Act if Whorley 's case escalates to that level of the judiciary .
It 's worth noting that other components of the Protect Act , such as the controversial " pandering " provision , have already been struck down as unconstitutional .
For aficionados of extreme art , the move to enforce obscenity laws against artificial depictions of sex acts is very troubling .
The most risqu� material of the day will always be just outside the bounds of contemporary community standards .
Art could suffer gravely if such content is stripped categorically of its First Amendment protection .
The ambiguity of obscenity law always compels me to consider the case of Allen Ginsberg 's masterpiece Howl , which led to obscenity charges against Ginsberg and Lawrence Ferlinghetti .
A poem that is regarded today as one of the defining works of an entire generation narrowly avoided destruction at the hands of censors .
The boundaries imposed by the Protect Act , much like the obscenity laws that were used against Ginsberg , represent a dubious challenge to the strong First Amendment protections that are needed to ensure the freedom of artists to advance controversial ideas .
Listing image by Dave Hogg
* Jet turbine , high - density battery improves hybrid range
* System ’s efficiency challenges automaker giants
KFAR SABA , Israel , July 21 ( Reuters ) -
With a brief , muffled hiss of a jet engine , the test vehicle that an Israeli start - up hopes will be the future of the hybrid electric car , ignites .
The car is built on the shell of a normal Toyota Prius , a top - selling gasoline - electric hybrid , but without the need for its internal combustion engine .
Instead , an electric engine , containing a supercapacity battery and a micro- jet turbine engine , powers from the rear as it drives almost silently around a test track .
With automakers racing to develop the most efficient , environmental friendly cars with minimal emissions , the concept of turbine - powered electric vehicles is not new .
But ETV
Motors , a private company based just outside Tel Aviv that has raised some $ 12 million in investments , says it has found a way to make it commercially viable .
It says it has developed a micro- turbine engine to act as an on - board charger and a high - density battery that can power a vehicle for about 60 - 80 km ( 35 - 50 miles ) on one charge .
The test car uses newly designed components still undergoing development , the company said , adding that the final product should be ready for tests next year .
ELECTRIC CARS
Another Israeli project , Better Place , which was launched in 2007 with $ 200 million of venture funding , has been gaining momentum across the globe , pushing for fully electric cars that recharge by plugging in to a grid network .
Better Place has partnered with Renault RENA .
PA and Nissan 7201.T to develop electric car infrastructure .
Toyota Motor Corp 7203.T , another of the automaker giants developing hybrid and plug - in technologies , has said it would start leasing 500 plug - in cars globally by the end of this year .
Toyota has said the car will be powered by lithium - ion batteries , and Japan ’s Nikkei business daily reported this month the plug - in will be able to run 20 - 30 km ( 12 - 18 miles ) on battery power alone at full charge .
ETV
Motors says its batteries will power a car for more than twice as long , and with its on - board charger , will not be dependent on complicated electric charging infrastructure , though the car will be plug - in compatible , the company said .
The jet turbine system is also a departure from General Motors Corp's GMGMQ .
PK Chevy
Volt plug - in , which is also powered by a traditional internal combustion engine .
GM aims to introduce the Volt , with its 64 km ( 40 mile ) range , by late 2010 .
The game - changing development , said chief technology officer Arieh Meitav , was a higher density battery , based on Lithium Manganese Nickel Oxide .
The batteries will be the first to have 4.7 volt cells , versus existing Lithium-ion batteries with 3.2 volts .
This allows for longer range with a smaller battery , and it is projected to last the lifetime of the car , he said .
The second part of the system , the electricity producing micro-turbine , is being developed with the help of an Israeli aviations company -- though ETV Motors would not say which one .
FUEL SOURCES
The turbine can run off a variety of fuel sources , like gasoline , diesel and biofuel , the company said , and will only operate to charge the battery when it runs low , spinning at a constant 80,000 RPM for maximum efficiency .
Felix Kramer , founder of CalCars.org , a independent Palo Alto - based nonprofit startup promoting plug - in hybrids , said the company had two very promising solutions but that they were far from commercialisation .
“ Today , every major automaker is now hard at work developing its first production plug - in vehicles in the next four years using existing technology , ” Kramer said .
“ Once ETV Motors has fully developed prototypes , potential customers will be able to analyse both the performance and cost benefits of the new systems compared to other contending advanced technologies , ” he said .
Arnold Roth , ETV Motors ’ chief operating officer , said the company was discussing options to either manufacture parts of the system themselves or license it out to a larger company .
“ We have been approached by Tier 1 manufactures who are interested in our technology , ” Roth said .
Roth said their hybrid system will be cheaper than hybrids on the market today .
( Editing by William Hardy )
Pop Quiz :
Who ’s more in favour of pace & negotiations – Israel or Palestine ?
Given that Israel ’s new ( or rather , once - old - now - new - again ) far right wing Prime Minister recently visited Washington to talk of peace , it is worth taking a moment to take a look at the two constituent societies in the Israeli - Palestinian conflict and consider which of the two societies — Israel or Palestine — truly constitutes the bigger threat to piece .
Consider for a moment that in May , 2000 ( before any hostilities began and there was still relative peace between Israel and Palestinians despite the fact that Israel was illegally occupying their land ) , only 39 % of Israelis supported the Oslo Peace Accords .
However , by 2005 ( after the latest intifada began ) only 26 % of Israelis claimed to support the Oslo Peace Accords .
Conversely , after the latest conflict flared up and after Palestinians began to be killed at a rate several times that of Israel , polls show that — in spite of all that they had been through — an overwhelming majority of Palestinians ( over 66 % ) still supported negotiations with Israel .
( Source )
Now consider this : Below is a graph of the comparative fatality rates of Palestinians compared to Israelis
Source : Israeli human rights group B’tselem
As you can see , the Palestinians are getting brutalized and bloodied far worse than the Israelis .
Think about that for a moment .
Despite them being utterly destroyed and brutalized by the Israelis , Palestinians have shown that even after the intifada began , they overwhelmingly have supported negotiations with Israel and yet the Palestinians are the ones who are considered by the Western media to be the bloodthirsty , unreasonable impediments to peace .
Let ’s personify this for a moment here just to give this dichotomy some much needed context .
So you ’ve got one guy — let ’s call him Israel — who ’s using a lead pipe to beat the shit out of a defenceless guy — let ’s call him Pal .
You ’d think that , all things being equal , the guy getting the shit beat out of him would be more likely to believe that the peace agreement he ’d signed with the aggressor was a bad move .
This seems reasonable since there is prima facie evidence that all previously signed peace agreements ( for instance , Oslo or the latest cessation in hostilities which Israel violated the day after Obama was elected ) clearly are n’t worth the paper they ’re written on since he ’s getting the shit beat out of him with a lead pipe .
I mean , if I were me , I certainly would be less inclined to support a peace agreement with somebody who was in the process of violating it , but then again that ’s just me .
This is certainly brings into question the way that the media has portrayed the Israeli - Palestinian conflict .
According to the media the Palestinians are the violent , untrustworthy party who have violent , untrustworthy leaders while the Israelis are the peace - loving , civilized party who have peace - loving , civilized leaders like Netanyahu and Lieberman .
When Lieberman and Netanyahu make a perfunctory statement about wanting peace — as Netanyahu did recently at the White House — the media reports it as gospel instead of laughing at them .
But in the scenario with the Palestinians and the Israelis , we actually see almost saint - like restraint ( yes , that ’s right , restraint ) on the part of the party getting brutalized — even after all that they ’ve been through , a majority of Palestinians still support negotiations — while the party doing the brutalizing is the one that ’s far more likely to think that the peace agreement was a bad idea .
So who truly constitutes the bigger threat to piece ?
Seems like a pretty open and shut case to me .
The content on this page is accurate as of the posting date ; however , some of our partner offers may have expired .
Please review our list of best credit cards , or use our CardMatch ™ tool to find cards matched to your needs .
The banking industry has 3.4 billion reasons why credit card debt is proving to be a major pain in its neck .
Even as banks see their profits recover , a survey shows credit card losses continue to plague the industry .
In its latest Quarterly Banking Profile , the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation reported that the first three months of 2009 produced net income of $ 7.6 billion , the largest net profit for U.S. banks in four quarters .
Nevertheless , credit card charge - offs — the amount of credit card debt banks decide is not collectible — surged $ 3.4 billion from the year earlier for a 68.9 percent increase .
The FDIC keeps tabs on the banking industry , stemming from its role as the government agency resposible for encouraging public confidence in the U.S. financial system by insuring bank deposits .
The agency describes the quarterly profile as the “ earliest comprehensive summary of financial results for all FDIC - insured institutions . ”
Banks acknowledge that they are operating in challenging times .
“ The earnings report released by the FDIC today demonstrates that banks are continuing to work through the problems presented by a difficult economy , ” said James Chessen , chief economist for the American Bankers Association trade group , in a prepared statement .
Still , he said there are reasons for optimism .
“ Though first quarter earnings are down from what they were a year ago , they are the highest they have been in four quarters , and two out of every three banks increased their assets in the first quarter , ” Chessen said .
Of course , billions of dollars in goverment initiatives have certainly helped get banks into the black .
Lending remains a weak spot .
For all major loan categories ( including loans to commercial and industrial borrowers , credit cards and real estate construction loans ) , net charge - offs climbed to $ 37.8 billion in the first quarter from $ 19.6 billion in the same period a year ago .
Still , on a quarter - over - quarter basis , charge - offs were down from the $ 38.5 billion total in the fourth quarter of 2008 .
Additionally , the FDIC found that credit card delinquencies increased quarter - over - quarter as cardholders increasingly made late payments .
The amount of credit card loans that were 30 to 89 days past due totalled 3.09 percent in the first three months of 2009 , up from 2.98 percent in the fourth quarter of last year .
Despite government initiatives aimed at boosting lending , including the Term Asset - Backed Securities Loan Facility ( TALF ) , banks ca n’t blame losses on their increased willingness to lend .
In fact , the FDIC discovered what many consumer borrowers already know — banks are doing quite the opposite , with the FDIC data indicating credit card card lines were reduced by $ 406.6 billion ( or 9.9 percent ) in the first quarter .
That ’s a continuation of card issuers ’ ongoing approach , representing the fifth - consecutive quarterly decline in unused loan commitments .
Overall , total bank assets fell by $ 301.7 billion as a few large banks reduced loan portfolios and trading accounts , creating a 2.2 percentage drop that is the steepest pullback in industry assets in one quarter in the 20 years for which quarterly data is available .
Meanwhile , banks posted total noninterest income that rose 12.8 percent — to $ 68.3 billion in pretax earnings — compared to the year before .
Lenders also continued to set cash aside for potential future losses , with loss provisions surpassing net charge - offs by $ 23.1 billion as banks ’ loan loss reserves advanced 11.5 percent .
Additionally , total equity capital of insurer institutions jumped $ 82.1 billion , for the largest quarterly increase since the third quarter of 2004 .
Maybe that ’s why the industry does n’t appear too worried .
“ The vast majority of banks have been in existence for decades and the industry is taking prudent steps to assure that banks will continue to serve their communities for many , many more decades to come , ” the ABA ’s Chessen said .
Hello , and welcome to mtwain.com .
This site contains * almost all * of Mark Twain 's works .
I am trying hard to complete the collection , so please be patient .
I am also looking for related articles about Twain ( FAQ , Study Guides , Essays , etc ) .
If you would like to submit anything you have written to the site , it would be much appreciated .
If you can help out in anyway , please contact me
Thanks for dropping by !
Rob
Audio : Listen to marine ecologist Joanie Kleypas discuss ocean acidification with New Scientist ’s Ivan Semeniuk ( mp3 file , 7MB ) .
Listen to all the New Scientist podcasts here .
A few years ago , Victoria Fabry saw the future of the world ’s oceans in a plastic jar .
She was aboard a research vessel in the frigid waters of the North Pacific , carrying out experiments on a species of pteropod called Clio pyramidata – frisky little molluscs with shells up to a centimetre long and flaps on their bodies that they use to swim in a way that resembles butterfly flight .
Something strange was happening in Fabry ’s jars .
“ The pteropods were still swimming like billy - o , but their shells were visibly dissolving , ” says Fabry , a biologist from California State University San Marcos .
“ I could see it with the naked eye . ”
She realised that the animals ’ respiration had increased the carbon dioxide concentration in the jars , which had been sealed for 48 hours , changing the water ’s chemistry to a point where the calcium carbonate in the pteropods ’ shells had started to dissolve .
Fabry and her colleagues were aware that at some point in the future the massive influx of carbon dioxide from human activity might reduce the alkalinity of the oceans .
“ But this was way before anybody thought such a trend would affect organisms like these . ”
What Fabry had stumbled on was a hint of “ the other CO 2 problem ” .
It has taken several decades and hundreds of millions of dollars ’ worth of research for climate change to be recognised as a serious threat .
But another result of our fossil fuel habit – ocean acidification – …
Ben Franklin told us it's a companion to folly and John Dryden said that it " dwells in the bosom of fools . "
But the Sith tell us to give into it and Rage Against the Machine say it 's a gift , and we like " Star Wars " and rock music .
So how should we feel about anger ?
A new study performed by researchers at the University of California , Santa Barbara , lends new credence to the theory that there are some positive aspects to anger , particularly as it relates to decision making .
The results of the study , which was led by professors Wesley Moons and Diane Mackie , were published in " Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin . "
In the paper , titled " Thinking Straight While Seeing Red : The Influence of Anger on Information Processing , " Dr. Moons and Dr. Mackie explain that past studies have been interpreted to show angry people as less analytical and more reliant on stereotypes .
However , the researchers felt that some of these studies were inconclusive and others may point to little discussed , positive aspects of anger in decision making .
Advertisement
Advertisement
To investigate their claim , Dr. Moons and Dr. Mackie conducted three experiments that tested the effects of anger on analytic reasoning .
The subjects of the tests were undergraduates at the University of California at Santa Barbara .
In the first test , the subjects were divided into two groups , one that would become angry and one that would remain " neutral . "
Among the former group , some of the students got angry by writing about a past experience that had made them angry ; others were driven to anger by having their " life goals ..
harshly criticized by a fellow participant " [ Source : Sage Publications ] .
After checking to make sure that some of the students were sufficiently incensed , both groups were asked to distinguish between weak and strong arguments in essays that proposed that college students have good financial habits .
Strong arguments cited past studies and research on the topic ; weak arguments made declarative statements without providing evidence .
Next , we 'll see what resulted when Dr. Moons and Dr. Mackie ran a second group of experiments .
L e dossier de L'Express
J. K. Rowling , la créatrice de " Harry Potter " , au bûcher de l'opinion
Depuis un an , la maman du petit sorcier est accusée de " transphobie " .
Les plus radicaux de ses adversaires veulent sa mort sociale et littéraire .
Microsoft recently revealed the release of 20,000 lines of Open Source Linux device driver code , including three device drivers to the Linux kernel community for inclusion in the Linux tree .
The code will be available to the Linux community and customers alike to enhance the performance of the Linux operating system when it is virtualized on the Windows Server 2008 Hyper - V operating system , including the R2 release .
Hyper -V is a technology made by Microsoft which provides " cost savings ... [ of ] server hardware ... by consolidating multiple server roles as separate virtual machines running on a single physical machine . "
This allows the user to " efficiently run multiple different operating systems in parallel , on a single server , and fully leverage the power of x64 computing . "
( Source : microsoft.com )
Microsoft's Open Source Technology Center ( OSTC )
The historic occasion was made possible by Sam Ramji , Senior Director of Platform Strategy in Microsoft 's Server and Tools organization , who was responsible for developing sustainable partnerships with open source communities .
( Source : microsoft.com )
OSTC serves as a landing point for open source communities and companies who are interested in working with Microsoft and is also a resource for Microsoft product groups who are interested in open source technology .
OSTC Team to Manage Ongoing Driver Enhancement
Tom Hanrahan , director of the OSTC , also played a crucial role in Microsoft 's day - to - day open source interoperability efforts .
Hanrahan 's team helped in developing the drivers and will manage their ongoing enhancement .
More information and the interviews of Ramji and Hanrahan by Microsoft PressPass can be found on Microsoft 's web site .
Visit Bill 's Links and More for more great tips , just like this one !
Despite this , my lovely personal assistant , Ningsih , smiles her beatific smile and says that no , her friends and family do n’t suffer from work - related stress .
Road rage , maybe ?
She does n’t know the term but shakes her head when I explain .
Most Balinese do n't even harbour anger about the terrorist bombings of 2002 and 2005 , viewing them as the inevitable bad karma that followed so many years of good karma .
Ningsih does admit it can get pretty stressful keeping track of all the rituals and ceremonies that take place in her family temple ( every household has its own temple ) and the village temple , not to mention all the others scattered across the island : in caves , in rice fields , up mountains and on water .
Whoever originally awarded Bali the epithet “ Island of the Thousand Temples ” clearly could n’t count : there must be hundreds of thousands of them , each one more stunning , more beautifully elaborate , than the last .
Incarcerated and charged with murder , David Aames Jr. is telling the story of how he got to where he is to McCabe , the police psychologist .
That story includes : being the 51 % shareholder of a major publishing firm , which he inherited from his long deceased parents ; the firm 's board , appointed by David Aames Sr. , being the 49 % shareholders who would probably like to see him gone as they see him as being too irresponsible and immature to run the company ; his best bro friendship with author , Brian Shelby ; his " friends with benefits " relationship with Julie Gianni , who saw their relationship in a slightly different light ; his budding romance with Sofia Serrano , who Brian brought to David 's party as his own date and who Brian saw as his own possible life mate ; and being in an accident which disfigured his face and killed the person who caused the accident .
But as the story proceeds , David is n't sure what is real and what is a dream / nightmare as many facets of the story are incompatible to ... Written by Huggo
Soda is one of the main reasons , nutritionally speaking , why many people suffer health problems .
Aside from the negative effects of the soda itself , drinking a lot of soda is likely to leave you with little appetite for vegetables , protein and other food that your body needs .
First of all , just one can of Coke contains 10 teaspoons of sugar .
This is 100 percent of your recommended daily intake ( which is more than double my recommended daily allowance to begin with ) .
Within 20 minutes of drinking that soda , your blood sugar spikes , and your liver responds to the resulting insulin burst by turning massive amounts of sugar into fat .
Within 40 minutes , your blood pressure rises due to your body having absorbed all the caffeine , and then your livers dumps even more sugar into your bloodstream .
After about one hour , you ’ll start to have a sugar crash , which oftentimes leads you into a vicious cycle of consuming more stimulants , followed by crashes , throughout your day .
It is also a proven fact that sugar increases your insulin levels , which can lead to not only weight gain , but also high blood pressure , high cholesterol , heart disease , diabetes , premature aging and many more negative side effects .
If you are still drinking soda , stopping the habit is an easy way to improve your health .
The online encyclopedia Wikipedia has become embroiled in a bitter row with psychologists after a Canadian doctor posted answers to controversial tests on the site .
The Rorschach test is designed to give psychologists a window into the unconscious mind , but many now fear their patients will try to outwit them by memorising the " right " answers .
The test , developed in 1921 by the Swiss psychiatrist Hermann Rorschach , comprises 10 inkblot images , which patients must look at and describe what they see .
In some cases , focusing on tiny details around the edges of the images is seen as evidence of obsessive behaviour .
Advocates of the Rorschach test say it can reveal underlying mental issues that patients themselves may not be aware of , but critics dismiss it as out - of - date and it is rarely used in the UK .
The row erupted when hospital doctor James Heilman from Saskatchewan posted all ten inkblot plates on Wikipedia alongside the most common responses given to each .
Heilman uploaded the images after becoming frustrated by a debate on the website as to whether a single Rorschach inkblot plate should be taken down .
" I just wanted to raise the bar , " he said .
The move brought immediate condemnation from psychologists who signed on to complain that making the tests public renders them useless .
" Making images available on the internet will make it obsolete and we will have lost a helpful tool , " said one .
Psychologists familiar with the Rorschach test say it is most valuable when patients describe the first thing that comes into their head on seeing the inkblots .
Publishing the images and common reactions on the internet means patients are more likely to be familiar with the test and give considered , less helpful answers .
Mike Drayton , a consultant clinical psychologist at Opus Psychology in Birmingham , said : " It completely compromises the validity of the test . "
The Rorschach inkblots have been published before , in the 1983 book Big Secrets , by William Poundstone , which gives details of how the test is administered .
Tony Black , who used the Rorschach test on patients held at Broadmoor , the high - security psychiatric hospital in Berkshire , said while he was sceptical about the test , it was a mistake to publish the images and answers on the internet .
It 's not that I think that private companies would n't like to cut innovation .
But in the presence of even rudimentary competition , they can't .
Monopolies are not innovative , whether they are public or private .
Advocates of this policy have a number of rejoinders to this , notably that NIH funding is responsible for a lot of innovation .
This is true , but theoretical innovation is not the same thing as product innovation .
We tend to think of innovation as a matter of a mad scientist somewhere making a Brilliant Discovery !!!
but in fact , innovation is more often a matter of small steps towards perfection .
Wal - Mart 's revolution in supply chain management has been one of the most powerful factors influencing American productivity in recent decades .
Yes , it was enabled by the computer revolution -- but computers , by themselves , did not give Wal - Mart the idea of treating trucks like mobile warehouses , much less the expertise to do it .
In the case of pharma , what an NIH or academic researcher does is very , very different from what a pharma researcher does .
They are no more interchangeable than theoretical physicists and civil engineers .
An academic identifies targets .
A pharma researcher finds out whether those targets can be activated with a molecule .
Then he finds out whether that molecule can be made to reach the target .
Is it small enough to be orally dosed ?
( Unless the disease you 're after is fairly fatal , inability to orally dose is pretty much a drug - killer ) .
Can it be made reliably ?
Can it be made cost - effectively ?
Can you scale production ?
It 's not a viable drug if it takes one guy three weeks with a bunsen burner to knock out 3 doses .
Once you 've produced a drug , found out that it 's active on your targets , and produced more than a few milligrams of the stuff , you have to put it into animals , then people .
Does your drug do anything in animal studies ?
Does it do too much , like , say , killing the patient ?
How about humans ?
Oral dosing is just the start .
Does your drug actually get somewhere after it 's swallowed , or do the stomach / liver chew it up ?
Is there any way to wrap it in a protective package long enough to let it reach its target ?
Do clinical trials show efficacy compared to placebo , or other drugs ?
How big is the market ( in other words , how many people want it , how badly , and how much of an improvement is your drug ) ?
This is the stuff academic pharma does n't do , and as you can see , without it , you do n't have a drug ; you have a theory .
What the NIH does is supremely valuable .
But so is all that " useless " effort at the pharmas .
Now , maybe government institutions could be made to produce innovations ; I certainly think it 's worth trying Dean Baker 's suggestion that we should let the government try to set up an alternate scheme for drug discovery .
Prizes also seem promising .
But I want to see them work first , not after we 've permanently broken the system .
The one industry where the government is the sole buyer , defense , does not have an encouraging record of cost - effective , innovative procurement .
An ice shelf the size of Hawke 's Bay that is wrenching itself away from Antarctica is a symptom of global warming and will have further environmental consequences , according to a New Zealand scientist .
A satellite picture shows that a 40 - kilometre - long strip of ice believed to pin the Wilkins Ice Shelf in place has snapped at its narrowest point , off the Antarctic Peninsula .
Professor Tim Naish from the Antarctic Research Centre at Victoria University says it is the ice sheets behind the ice shelf that concern him and other scientists .
The ice bridge had held a vast Antarctic ice shelf in place for hundreds of years .
Professor Naish says the shelf measures about 14,000 square kilometres .
He says that as the ice shelves melt , the ice sheets start sliding faster into the ocean .
Researchers regarded the ice bridge as an important barrier to holding the remnant shelf structure in place .
Scientists say the collapse provides further evidence or rapid change in the region .
The loss of the ice bridge , which was almost 100 km wide in 1950 , could allow ocean currents to wash away more of the shelf .
Temperatures on the Antarctic Peninsula have risen by up to about 3 degrees Celsius in the past 50 years , the fastest rate of warming in the Southern Hemisphere .
Nine other shelves have receded or collapsed around the Antarctic Peninsula in the past 50 years .
British scientist David Vaughan , a glaciologist with the British Antarctic Survey , says the collapse of the ice shelf is the result of climate change in the region over the past 50 years .
Professor Vaughan says it is not the biggest ice shelf to collapse .
He says scientists believe warmer summers weaken ice shelves and allow them to collapse .
SANTA MONICA , Calif. ( MarketWatch ) -- Northern Europeans are the happiest people on the planet , according to a new survey .
The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development says people in Denmark , Finland and the Netherlands are the most content with their lives .
The three ranked first , second and third , respectively , in the OECD 's rankings of " life satisfaction , " or happiness .
There are myriad reasons , of course , for happiness : health , welfare , prosperity , leisure time , strong family , social connections and so on .
But there is another common denominator among this group of happy people : taxes .
Northern Europeans pay some of the highest taxes in the world .
Danes pay about two - thirds of their income in taxes .
Why be so happy about that ?
It all comes down to what you get in return .
The Encyclopedia of the Nations notes that Denmark was one of the first countries in the world to establish efficient social services with the introduction of relief for the sick , unemployed and aged .
It says social welfare programs include health insurance , health and hospital services , insurance for occupational injuries , unemployment insurance and employment exchange services .
There 's also old age and disability pensions , rehabilitation and nursing homes , family welfare subsidies , general public welfare and payments for military accidents .
Moreover , maternity benefits are payable up to 52 weeks .
Simply , you pay for what you get .
Taxes in the U.S. have taken on a pejorative association because , well , we are never really quite sure of what we get in return for paying them , other than the world 's biggest military .
Healthcare and other such social services are n't built into our system .
That means we have to worry more about paying for things ourselves .
Worrying does n't equate to happiness .
The U.S. ranked 11th on the OECD list .
In addition to the top three , we were beat out by Sweden , Belgium , Canada , Australia , New Zealand , Switzerland and Norway .
To be sure , we were ahead of France , Great Britain , Japan and China , among many others .
But we can do better .
With the highest gross domestic product in the world , we are the richest country .
On a per capita basis , though , we do n't even make the top 10 .
The U.S. ranks 15th in this category , according to the International Monetary Fund .
Denmark -- maybe because they are happy -- ranked fifth .
Other , more " satisfied " countries also earn more on an individual income basis .
Oh yes , and the average workweek in Scandinavian countries is less than the U.S.'s
We need to take better care of ourselves .
It may not just be taxes , of course , that lead to happiness .
There are other factors to consider .
But better social services and less worry about having to pay for things such as medical bills , retirement and education do help with the happiness factor .
Yet , we are so dead set against paying more taxes that it 's even spawning nationwide protests .
Tea party , anyone ?
Maybe it 's time that we looked at taxes differently .
We have to pay them anyway .
So they might as well make us happy .
If Northern Europe is any benchmark , the more we 'd pay the happier we just may be .
Thomas M. Kostigen is the author of " You Are Here : Exposing the Vital Ink Between What We Do and What That Does to Our Planet " www.readyouarehere.com
After we published Doug Short 's essay on the market 's inflation - adjusted long - term PE ratio , one reader asked whether Doug had also calculated the PE using the " alternate CPI . "
( Some folks think the alternate CPI , which reflects how the government used to calculate inflation , better represents the rate at which the value of our money is being destroyed . )
Well , Doug was listening .
And for those who prefer the alternate CPI , the news is good .
Stocks are modestly cheap on that measure !
( They 're at fair value on the regular one . )
Here 's the 10 - year smoothed PE for the past century using the regular CPI .
On this measure , stocks are just over their long - term average .
And here 's the same period using the alternate CPI .
On this measure , stocks are modestly cheap !
Do n't miss
Doug 's explanation of why the 10 - year PE is much more useful than the one - year PE >
See dshort.com for more excellent charts and analysis >
A man used a chainsaw to fight off an apparently starving mountain lion that attacked him during a camping trip in north - western Wyoming with his wife and two toddlers .
Dustin Britton , a 32 - year - old mechanic and ex-US marine from Windsor , Colorado , said he was alone cutting firewood about 100ft from his campsite in the Shoshone national forest when he saw the lion staring at him from some bushes .
Britton said he raised his chainsaw and met the lion head - on as it pounced – a collision he described as feeling like a grown man running directly into him .
" It batted me three or four times with its front paws and as quick as I hit it with that saw it just turned away , " he said .
Wildlife officials said the attack on Sunday evening was highly unusual because mountain lions are generally reclusive by nature .
Only eight cases of mountain lions acting aggressively toward humans have been documented in Wyoming over the last decade .
" It 's very , very rare " for lions to attack , said Wyoming game and fish spokesman Warren Mischke .
" We 're still trying to investigate why this lion would behave this way . "
The wounded animal retreated after Britton inflicted a gash on its shoulder , leaving him with only a small puncture wound on his forearm .
" You would think if you hit an animal with a chainsaw it would dig right in , " he said .
" I might as well have hit it with a hockey stick . "
After Britton 's confrontation , he and his wife , Kirsta , decided to spend the night in their pop-up camper with their two children .
The lion was shot and killed on Monday after it attacked a dog brought in to track it .
Authorities say it was in poor physical condition and appeared to be starving .
Tests for rabies and other diseases came up negative , but officials said they were continuing to analyse the animal for other potential diseases .
Today , the verdict in the court case between the Dutch anti-piracy outfit BREIN and The Pirate Bay is due .
Being one of the defendants , Pirate Bay spokesman Peter Sunde is interested in the outcome of the case , and asked the court for a copy .
However , the court refused to do so and told Sunde that he should ask BREIN instead .
At the Amsterdam court last week , BREIN ’s lawyer demanded that the operators of The Pirate Bay block access to all Dutch visitors .
The lawyer claimed that The Pirate Bay is assisting in copyright infringement by allowing millions of visitors a day to download copyrighted content .
Today , the verdict in the case will be announced to the public , and Peter Sunde who is named in the case for his involvement with The Pirate Bay decided to call the Amsterdam court to get a copy .
Shockingly , they refused .
“ They told me to call BREIN to get the verdict , ” Pirate Bay ’s Peter Sunde told TorrentFreak .
This is strange to say the least since it is BREIN who they have a dispute with .
“ You should really look into how the Dutch legal system works , ” one of the court employees told Sunde over the phone .
Sunde , who was n’t aware that he was summoned to court until after the case was heard was baffled by this response .
“ They say that we were supposed to be there and that BREIN has signed papers from us saying that we knew about the case , ” he told us .
After calling back several times , and threatening to press charges for violation of human rights , the court finally agreed to fax Sunde a copy of the verdict .
More updates on the verdict will be published as soon as it arrives , if it ever does .
Update : Peter Sunde got the verdict eventually and it ’s not good .
What Your Number of Sexual Partners Says About You
How Many People Have You Slept With ?
Here ’s What That Number Means
“ What ’s your number ? ” is a question that many couples dread , yet still bravely pose in hopes of gaining insight into each other ’s sexual pasts .
But tread carefully — too much information could leave your partner feeling insecure or uncomfortable once they ’ve heard the answer .
So are we obligated to tell our partners how many people we ’ve slept with if asked ?
If it ’s not brought up , is it even a conversation worth initiating ?
And do we have to be truthful when it does come up ?
RELATED : Best Dating Apps for Hooking Up
According to a 2018 Superdrug survey of more than 2,000 men and women , 81 percent of respondents think your number is something you should talk about within the first eight months of dating , while 30 percent think a discussion of your sexual history is necessary within the first month of the relationship .
In the 2011 comedy “ What ’s Your Number , ” Ally ( Anna Farris ) is beside herself after discovering a magazine article statistic that claims the number of men she ’s slept with is alarmingly high .
By the film ’s end , she ultimately learns to embrace her number rather than stressing about it , but it ’s the plot that points to a very relevant subject in today ’s dating world :
Your “ number ” can be a source of pride , shame or a whole range of other emotions .
As such , sharing that number with someone else can feel vulnerable AF .
Before you go tallying up your hookups , there are a lot of things to consider to ensure that the conversation is productive as opposed to problematic .
Here ’s everything you need to know about revealing your sexual history , and what your number of partners says about you .
Should I Tell My Partner My Number ?
Dr. Dawn Michael , clinical sexologist and relationship expert , notes that once you ’ve decided to tackle this subject , it ’s important to be open and honest to the extent of feeling safe and supported .
If it ’s your partner that brings it up , Michael recommends digging into why they want to know .
“ There usually is a reason , ” she explains .
“ Perhaps they want a sex history because of STDs , but it ’s necessary to go into the details or offer information that the other person is not asking for .
If you really feel uncomfortable , you can leave that information out or shorten your response . ”
If you ’re the one asking , you should be prepared to talk about your sexual history , too .
Additionally , Michael says that you can’t really predict how your partner will respond to your number .
If they become jealous , shut down or otherwise react negatively , you ’ll need to explore those feelings with them further .
“ Each person is unique and there is no right or wrong answer about sharing your past sexual experiences , ” she notes .
“ But if both people are mature and can deal with the information , then share away . ”
Could My Number of Sexual Partners Be Too High or Too Low ?
According to the aforementioned survey , Americans ’ average number is around 7.2 sexual partners in their lifetimes .
That said , the number ranges quite dramatically from state to state — the average for Louisiana residents was 15.7 partners , while it was 2.6 for Utah residents .
It ’s important to note that these statistics refer to the average number over an entire lifetime , and your number will be heavily impacted by factors such as age , location and upbringing .
It ’s next to impossible to determine whether a number is “ normal ” or not , but if it falls between 7 and 16 , it ’s on par with the rest of the country .
What If I ( or My Partner ) Have No Interest in Revealing Who We ’ve Slept With ?
There ’s always a chance that your partner wo n’t want to disclose how many people they ’ve slept with , either because they feel embarrassed about it , they ’re worried it might change your perception of them or both .
If that ’s the case , you should n’t push them for information they are n’t ready to share .
Keep in mind , however , that their hesitance to reveal their number may point to some trust issues .
That ’s why Dr. Joshua Klapow , clinical psychologist and host of “ The Kurre and Klapow Show , ” advises asking why they do n’t want to talk about it .
“ You can and should respect their right to privacy , but at the same time they should respect your request , ” he explains .
“ This also comes down to why are you asking and why are they not telling .
What benefit are you getting from knowing , and what benefit are they getting from keeping it from you ? ”
How Can I Make Sure This Conversation Is Mutually Comfortable and Respectful ?
If you and your partner decide to tackle this topic , there are some ways to minimize the chances of any issues arising .
First , having the conversation in the comfort of your own home is key .
You also may want to wait to bring it up until your partner is calm ( not after a stressful day at work , or when they ’re rushing around for an appointment ) .
Also , be sure to keep things short , simple and to the point .
“ While you are discussing how many [ people you ’ve had sex with ] , the intimate details are in your past and do not need to be discussed , ” says Klapow .
“ This is a time to neither share too much information nor clam up .
Respect boundaries , but also recognize that your willingness to answer the question shows your transparency and trust in your partner . ”
What Does It Say About Someone Who Overestimates Their Number ?
What About Underestimating ?
In the Superdrug ’s survey , a whopping 41.3 percent of men and 32.6 percent of women admitted to lying about their sexual history .
That ’s no real shock — men were more likely to increase their number , whereas women were more likely to decrease it .
This likely stems back to outdated social norms that put pressure on men to have more sexual experience to appear masculine , and put pressure on women to have less experience so as not to seem promiscuous .
A 2018 study published in “ The Journal of Sex Research ” also found that men are more likely to estimate rather than actually count their sexual partners , which could obviously suggest that their numbers are less accurate .
Clearly , it ’s pretty common to fudge your number a bit , but what does that say about you ?
Whether you add or subtract a few sexual partners , it all boils down to insecurity .
Either you do n’t feel good about your sexual history , or you fear your partner will judge you .
“ If you have been with hundreds of people with highly promiscuous behavior in the past , underestimating may help protect the feelings of your partner , ” suggests Klapow .
Honesty is the best policy , but it ’s also about being considerate .
Remember that over or underestimating calls your trust into question , which is critical to your relationship . ”
That said , there ’s a difference between being honest and showing off .
“ Bragging about your past partners shows a lack of compassion for your partner , ” he adds .
Does My Number of Sexual Partners Say Anything About Me as a Person ?
The only thing that your number actually says about you , according to Klapow , is how much sexual experience you have .
“ The reasons for the number is where the important relationship information is , ” he says .
“ Did you develop sexual interests later in life ?
Did you have less activity for religious reasons ?
Were there sexual traumas ?
Were you promiscuous because you love sex or were you promiscuous to get attention ? ”
Ultimately , Michael notes that the most important thing is not the number itself , but how you feel about it .
“ If you are uncomfortable or comfortable about it , that ’s what counts , ” she explains .
Only you and your partner can determine whether this is a conversation that ’s going to prove helpful or harmful .
When executed with caution , it ’s a discussion that can foster intimacy and build trust .
As long as you feel secure in your past decisions , as well as your current relationship , you should be able to have an honest exchange sans awkwardness , anxiety and judgement .
You Might Also Dig :
The Seasteading Institute has crowned the winners in its first Seasteading Architectural Design Contest .
The Contest , which ran from February 1st to May 1st , invited participants to design the floating city of their dreams .
The winning design was awarded a $ 1000 grand prize , and there were four additional $ 250 prizes for specific categories .
Seasteads are permanent , stationary structures specifically designed for long - term ocean living .
Entrants into the contest were provided with a 3 - D model of TSI ’s patent - pending base platform , on which they built creative architectural designs for a new society of ocean pioneers .
The specifics of the design , aesthetics , and intended use were entirely up to each designer .
Entrants ranged from amateur 3D designers to professional architects and architecture students .
41 qualified designs were entered , including sports arenas , medical facilities , universities , hotels , and residences .
The designs were judged by a panel of TSI staff , volunteers and board members .
The Winning Designs :
$ 1,000 Grand Prize : The Swimming City by AndrÃ¡s GyÃµrfi ( Runner Up : Seagull Hotel by Matias Perez )
Click above image to enlarge
Grand Prize : The Swimming City by AndrÃ¡s GyÃµrfi
$ 250 Prize for Aesthetic Design : SESU Seastead by Marko JÃ¤rvela ( Runner Up : Entwined Dragon Seastead by Patrick Kenny )
Click above image to enlarge
Prize for Aesthetic Design : SESU Seastead by Marko JÃ¤rvela
$ 250 Prize for Personality : Rendering Freedom by Anthony Ling ( Runner Up : The Arch by Rory O’Hagan )
Click above image to enlarge
Prize for Personality : Rendering Freedom by Anthony Ling
$ 250 Prize for Best Picture : Oasis of The Sea by Emerson Stepp ( Runner Up : La Gallerie de la Mer by Hakeem Bux )
Click above image to enlarge
Prize for Best Picture : Oasis of The Sea by Emerson Stepp
$ 250 Prize for Community Choice : Refusion by Team 3DA ( Runner Up : Micro City Community by Ettore Mele )
Click above image to enlarge
Prize for Community Choice : Refusion by Team 3DA
Winners will receive a cash prize , along with free admission to the 2nd annual Seasteading conference , a free membership with TSI , and a commemorative piece of merchandise with their design on it .
Here are some more exciting competition entries :
Click above image to enlarge
# 39 , Designer : Kai Kostack
Click above image to enlarge
# 33 - Resort , Designer : LÃ¡szlÃ³ SzabÃ³
Click above image to enlarge
# 35 - Hotel / resort , Designer : I Nyoman Sunartha and Yansen Oktanius
Click above image to enlarge
# 37 - Cultural center , Designer : Mark McQuilten , Robert Davidov and Ben Attrill
A few designs did not comply with the contest rules but could still serve as valuable inspiration for future design endeavours :
Click above image to enlarge
Designer : Nolan Loh and Miles Loh
Click above image to enlarge
Designer : Farhan Erooth
The wealth of creative talent that was brought to bear for this contest has provided TSI with a wonderful vision for the future of seasteading .
“ I am awed by the creativity and effort put into these entries , which portray a compelling and beautiful vision of a new way of life . ” says Executive Director Patri Friedman .
“ Before something can be built it must be imagined and expressed , and these imaginative models express the possibilities for seasteading . ”
Images : Seasteading Institute
64 Pages Posted : 4 Feb 2009
Date Written : February 3 , 2009
Abstract
We present the evidence that the GOOGLE stock , one of the most important stocks in the 21st century , may have been illegally controlled by large Wall Street firms .
We identify a group of smart traders , including financial firm proprietary traders and large traders who trade options with large orders .
We find that they have advance information about the closing prices on post earning release and option expiration days .
These smart traders sell options to the market which would become worthless after the key events , and their high success rate is difficult to be explained by normal trading behavior .
Additional evidence from the tape , such as unusually high quoted depth and extremely low narrow quoted spreads during clustering option expiration days , provide direct proof that the GOOGLE stock price may have been manipulated to coordinate the institutional traders ' option selling activities .
No More D.C. Gun Ban ?
No Big Deal
The Supreme Court recently struck down the gun ban in Washington , D.C. A similar gun ban in Chicago may be the next to go .
The primary rationale for these gun bans is to lower crime .
Do they actually work ?
There is remarkably little academic research that directly answers this question , but there is some indirect evidence .
Let ’s start with the direct evidence .
There have been a few academic papers that directly analyzed the D.C. gun ban and the papers came to opposite conclusions .
The fundamental difficulty is that you have one law change .
So you can compare D.C. before and after .
Or you can try to find a control group and compare D.C. before and after to that control group before and after ( in what economists call a differences - in - differences analysis ) .
The problem here is that crime rates are volatile and it really matters what control group you pick .
I would argue that the most sensible control groups are other large , crime - ridden cities like Baltimore or St. Louis .
When you use those cities as controls , the gun ban does n’t seem to work .
What about indirect evidence ?
In Chicago we have a gun ban and 80 percent of homicides are done with guns .
The best I could find about the share of homicides done with guns in D.C. is from a blog post which claims 80 percent in D.C. as well .
Nationwide that number is 67.9 percent , according to the F.B.I .
Based on those numbers , it is hard for someone to argue with a straight face that the gun ban is doing its job .
( And it is not that D.C. and Chicago have unusually low overall homicide rates either . )
It seems to me that these citywide gun bans are as ineffective as many other gun policies are for reducing gun crime .
It is extremely difficult to legislate or regulate guns when there is an active black market and a huge stock of existing guns .
When the people who value guns the most are the ones who use them in the drug trade , there is next to nothing you can do to keep the guns out of their hands .
My view is that we should not be making policies about gun ownership , because they simply do n’t work .
What seems to work is harshly punishing people who use guns illegally .
For instance , if you commit a felony with a gun , you get a mandatory five - year add - on to your prison sentence .
Where this has been done there is some evidence gun violence has declined ( albeit with some substitution towards crimes being done with other weapons ) .
These sorts of laws are attractive for many reasons .
First , unlike other gun policies , they work .
Second , they do n’t impose a cost on law abiding folks who want to have guns .
The Conference Board of Canada bills itself as " the foremost , independent , not - for - profit applied research organization in Canada .
Objective and non-partisan .
We do not lobby for specific interests . "
These claims should take a major hit based on last week 's release of a deceptive , plagiarized report on the digital economy that copied text from the International Intellectual Property Alliance ( the primary movie , music , and software lobby in the U.S. ) , at times without full attribution .
The report itself was funded by copyright lobby groups ( U.S. Chamber of Commerce , Canadian Chamber of Commerce , Canadian Anti-Counterfeiting Network , Copyright Collective of Canada which represents U.S. film production ) along with the Ontario Ministry of Research and Innovation .
The role of the Ontario government obviously raises questions about taxpayer dollars being used to pay for a report that simply recycles the language of a U.S. lobby group paper .
Start with the press release promoting the study , titled " Canada Seen as the File Swapping Capital of the World " which claims :
As a result of lax regulation and enforcement , internet piracy appears to be on the increase in Canada .
The estimated number of illicit downloads ( 1.3 billion ) is 65 times higher than the number legal downloads ( 20 million ) , mirroring the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development ’s conclusion that Canada has the highest per capita incidence of unauthorized file - swapping in the world .
While the release succeeded in generating attention , the report does not come close to supporting these claims .
The headline - grabbing claim of 1.3 billion unauthorized downloads relies on a January 2008 Canadian Recording Industry Association press release .
That release cites a 2006 Pollara survey as the basis for the statement .
In other words , the Conference Board relies on a survey of 1200 people conducted more than three years ago to extrapolate to a claim of 1.3 billion unauthorized downloads ( the survey itself actually ran counter to many of CRIA 's claims ) .
The OECD study that the Conference Board says found the highest per capita incidence of unauthorized file sharing in the world did not reach that conclusion .
The report – which is based on six year old data that is now out - of - date – was limited to the 30 OECD countries ( not the world ) and did not make any comment or determination on unauthorized activity .
That is just the press release – the report itself is even worse as it is largely a copy of the IIPA 2008 Special 301 Report on Canada .
Given the lack of attribution in some instances , this work would face possible plagiarism sanctions in almost any academic environment .
Even where there is attribution , the chart below demonstrates that the report simply adopts the IIPA positions and language as its own .
Issue Conference Board of Canada Digital Economy Report IIPA 2008 Canada Special 301 Report Introduction to Canadian copyright Almost alone among developed OECD economies , Canada has taken no significant steps toward modernizing or clarifying its copyright law to meet or ratify the new global minimum standards of the WIPO Internet treaties .
Canada is deficient in many areas , including in its enforcement resources and policies and its seeming unwillingness to impose deterrent penalties on pirates .
Although the Government of Canada acknowledged many of these deficiencies in 2007 , listing copyright reform among its top legislative priorities , by the end of 2008 almost nothing had been produced .
[ no citation provided ]
Almost alone among developed economies in the OECD , Canada has taken no meaningful steps toward modernizing its copyright law to meet the new global minimum standards of the WIPO Internet Treaties , which Canada signed more than a decade ago .
Its enforcement record also falls far short of what should be expected of our neighbor and largest trading partner , with ineffective border controls , insufficient enforcement resources , inadequate enforcement policies , and a seeming unwillingness to impose deterrent penalties on pirates .
In 2007 , parliamentary leadership and even the government itself , at the highest levels , acknowledged many of these deficiencies , and the government listed copyright reform among its top legislative priorities .
But by the end of the year , these encouraging statements produced almost nothing TPM Recommendation When Canada signed the WIPO Internet treaties , it pledged long - term support for treaties designed to respond to what were then new technologies .
Notably , in order foster the healthy development of e-commerce in copyrighted materials , these treaties obligated member countries to enact legal frameworks to protect the technological measures used by copyright owners to control their works .
Although nearly every other OECD country met its obligation in this area , Canadian law remains antiquated .
This means that , in order to comply with WIPO Internet treaties , we need legislation that will : comprehensively protect TPMs aimed at managing access to copyrighted works and preventing unauthorized copying ;
outlaw trafficking in devices aimed at directly or indirectly circumventing TPMs ;
define exceptions with care ; and
provide strong civil and criminal deterrents to violations .
[ single citation ]
When Canada signed the WCT and WPPT more than a decade ago , it pledged support for treaties that were designed to respond to what were then new technologies .
Notably , as a crucial element to foster the healthy development of e-commerce in copyrighted materials , these treaties obligated adhering countries to enact effective legal regimes to protect technological measures used by copyright owners to control access to and copying of their works .
While nearly every other OECD country either has met this obligation or is well on the way to doing so , Canadian law remains hopelessly outdated in this area .
IIPA urges Canada to fulfill its pledge by enacting laws that deal with technological protection measures ( TPMs ) in a manner that fully complies with the WCT and WPPT .
This means legislation that : comprehensively protects TPMs , both in so far as they manage access to copyright works and in their use to prevent unauthorized copying and the exercise of other exclusive rights ;
outlaws trafficking in devices aimed at circumventing TPMs , or providing circumvention services , and defines violations without imposing onerous intent requirements ;
defines exceptions or defenses with care , so as to avoid the creation of a market for circumvention devices or services ; and
provides strong civil and criminal remedies for violations .
ISP Liability
In a 2004 decision , the Supreme Court of Canada observed that the “ effective remedy . . . would be enactment by Parliament of a statutory ‘ notice and take down ’ procedure as has been done in the European Community and the United States . ”
Accordingly , legislation should also provide a true “ notice and takedown ” system that provides for access removal due to online infringements , rather than just a “ notice and notice ” regime as proposed by previous Canadian governments .
[ single citation ]
In a 2004 decision ( SOCAN v. CAIP ) , the Supreme Court of Canada observed that the “ effective remedy .
. . would be enactment by Parliament of a statutory ‘ notice and take down ’ procedure as has been done in the European Community and the United States . ”
Accordingly , legislation should also provide a true " notice and takedown " system that offers an expeditious means of shutting off access to infringing online activity , rather than confining itself to the mere " notice and notice " regime proposed by previous Canadian governments .
State of Law on P2P New legislation ( or amendments to the Copyright Act ) should also clarify liability under Canadian law for those who knowingly facilitate massive infringements ( e.g. , providers of peer - to - peer file - sharing software services ) .
On this issue , Canadian jurisprudence is contrary to the international trend of litigating against P2P services that facilitate massive worldwide infringement .
[ single citation ]
New legislation should also clarify liability under Canadian law for those ( such as peer - to - peer ( p2p ) service providers and distributors of file sharing software ) who in the Internet context knowingly facilitate massive infringements .
In contrast to the international trend , exemplified by successful lawsuits in Australia , Korea , Taiwan and the U.S. against p2 p services that were facilitating massive worldwide infringement , recent Canadian case law on liability for authorizing infringement raises questions as to whether a comparable enterprise would be found liable under Canadian law .
P2P Law Reform Clear rules and regulations would allow copyright infringement to be dealt with at the source instead of at the point of consumption , thus preventing litigation against users of illicit P2P services .
[ single citation ]
Clear rules on this topic would allow copyright infringement to be dealt with at the source instead of at the point of consumption , thus facilitating the avoidance of litigation against users of illicit p2 p services as direct infringers ( the topic of much public discussion in Canada ) .
State of Piracy , Part One
The Internet piracy problem within Canada continues to worsen and is causing serious problems for markets in other countries .
In 2007 , piracy operations in Alberta , British Columbia , and Ontario were uncovered .
Pirates in these jurisdictions advertised these operations on the Internet through their own websites or other sites , including Craigslist .
[ single citation ]
The piracy problem within Canada continues to get worse , not better , and is causing serious problems for markets in other countries , including the U.S.
In 2007 , the Entertainment Software Association ’s investigations uncovered numerous piracy operations in Alberta , British Columbia , and Ontario .
Pirates openly advertised these operations on the internet through their own websites and / or online classifieds such as Craigslist .
State of Piracy , Part Two Each pirate typically owned at least one personal computer that contained thousands of pirated
works .
In addition , one operation in Ontario possessed over 2,000 burned games on optical discs for various gaming systems .
[ single citation ]
Each pirate typically owned at least one personal computer containing thousands of pirated software titles that he could easily burn onto optical discs .
One operation in Ontario that the ESA confronted on June 23 , 2007 , possessed over 2,000 burned games on optical discs for various gaming systems Education
At the same time , it [ Bill C - 60 ] included proposals for use of a work in a “ lesson , text or examination ” in educational settings and a provision authorizing inter-library distribution of digital copies .
These would have had a significant negative impact on publishers of scientific , technical , and medical materials and would have made Canada an exception to world trends in this area .
[ single citation ]
Bill C - 60 also included flawed proposals in the area of educational and library exceptions , such as an ill - defined new exception for use of a work in a " lesson , text or examination " in educational settings , and a provision authorizing interlibrary distribution of digital copies , that would have had a significant detrimental impact on publishers of scientific , technical and medical materials in particular .
WIPO Importance
The ratification of the WIPO Internet treaties is extremely important for a country ’s economy and culture .
For instance , compliance with the treaties helps foster regulatory and non-regulatory environments for intellectual property protection .
This gives nations the capacity to : overcome existing barriers to accessing scientific , medical , and technical data ; educational materials ; and software .
Trade in these resources is needed for national prosperity and international competitive advantage ;
attract higher levels of foreign direct investment in high - technology and information - intensive businesses ;
build stronger economic , social , and cultural links to other jurisdictions ; and boost their cultural and creative industries in a major way .
Through digital networks , digital creations ( e.g. , music , art , and literature ) can reach new international markets .
[ one cite to IIPA website ]
The importance of ratification and deposit of the WCT and WPPT for a country 's economy and culture cannot be overstated .
For instance : Electronic commerce can help overcome existing barriers to access to scientific , medical and technical data , educational materials , and technical and productivity software .
Trade in these vital resources , needed for prosperity and competitive advantage in the Information Age , will be much cheaper , more efficient , and easier in a digital networked marketplace .
Electronic commerce can help attract higher and more consistent levels of foreign direct investment in high technology and information - intensive businesses .
A host of service , processing and other functions can conveniently be out - sourced , which in turn will enhance the skills and opportunities of a country 's citizenry .
Electronic commerce can help build stronger economic , social , and cultural links in the region , without regard to geographic proximity .
Electronic commerce can provide an enormous boost to a country 's cultural and creative industries .
Through digital networks , that country 's music , art , literature , and folklore can reach new markets throughout the world , and be delivered directly to paying customers around the globe .
WIPO Implementation
To fully implement the WIPO Internet treaties , countries need to upgrade their copyright laws .
When implementation is complete , each country will have : protections against illicit circumvention of technologies that copyright holders use to prevent theft ;
protections against illicit tampering with tags and codes that are used to facilitate legitimate digital distribution and licensing ;
extended or clarified rights for copyright owners ; and
harmonized protections for the rights of performers and producers of phonograms .
[ one cite to IIPA website ]
To fully implement the WIPO Internet Treaties , countries will need to upgrade their copyright laws , whether through minor changes or more substantial revisions .
When implementation is complete , each country will have : Protections against the unlawful circumvention of effective technologies that right holders use to prevent theft of their creations .
Protections against the unlawful tampering with tags and codes associated with copies of protected works and phonograms that are used to facilitate legitimate distribution and licensing .
Recognition of extended or clarified rights for copyright owners : for example , a right to control distribution of copies of creations , and a right to control communications of a work , including the " making available " of a work or phonogram to the public in an interactive manner .
Harmonized protections ( through implementation of the WPPT ) for the rights of performers and producers of phonograms .
While the flagship Digital Economy report is the only one with plagiarism , two other reports on IP issued at the same time also raise concerns .
A report titled Creating Value and Stimulating Investment : A Business - Level Assessment of the Role of Intellectual Property , retreads the same guesses on counterfeiting , stating :
Estimates from Canadian Manufacturers & Exporters place the value of counterfeit goods in Canada at $ 20 billion to $ 30 billion .
RCMP intelligence shows that the trend is " billions and growing . "
Although the RCMP and others acknowledge that no comprehensive study has been done on the specific amount of pirated and counterfeit goods , they concur that a widely accepted estimated cost of counterfeiting and piracy to the Canadian economy ranges between $ 10 billion and $ 30 billion per year .
To validate these estimates , Canadian piracy and counterfeiting losses can be estimated in relation to U.S. losses .
The U.S. Chamber of Commerce estimates that counterfeiting and piracy costs the U.S. economy US $ 250 billion per year .
Since the GDP of the Canadian economy is approximately nine per cent of the U.S. economy , the cost of counterfeiting and piracy in Canada is approximately US $ 22.5 billion - a crude estimate , but nevertheless validating all the above figures .
Of the course , all estimates – the CME , RCMP , and Chamber of Commerce are all based on the same guess , so there is no " validation " of the figures as the report suggests .
A third report titled National Innovation Performance and Intellectual Property Rights : A Comparative Analysis misleads by lamenting that Canada ranked 19th worldwide in intellectual property protection according to a 2008 World Economic Forum study on competitiveness .
What the report fails to mention is that Canada was actually tied with four other countries ranked 15th to 19th including the United States , which in the same paragraph is heralded as a leader in innovation whereas Canada is described a laggard .
The Digital Ecomomy report raises some deeply troubling questions for the Conference Board of Canada , its board directors , and for Minister John Wilkinson , whose department helped fund it .
In particular :
For Anne Golden , the President and CEO of the Conference Board of Canada :
Is a deceptive , plagiarized report drawn from a U.S. lobby group consistent with an organization that claims that it is non-partisan and that does not lobby ?
How much was the Conference Board of Canada paid to produce this report ?
Does the Conference Board of Canada stand by the report in light of these findings ?
Will the Conference Board of Canada retract the report and the inaccurate press release that accompanied it ?
For Stephen Toope , President of UBC , and Indira V. Samarasekera , President of the University of Alberta , both members of the Conference Board of Canada board :
Do they condone or support the use of plagiarism in this report ?
Will they ask the Conference Board of Canada to review this report and to retract it ?
Perhaps most importantly , for Minister of Research and Innovation John Wilkinson :
How much public money was spent in support of this report ?
Does the government support the use of public money for a report that simply repeats the language of a U.S. lobby group ?
Will the Minister ask the Conference Board of Canada to refund the public money spent on this report ?
Will the Minister publicly disassociate himself from the report in light of these findings ?
You can pose these and other questions yourself ( Golden , Toope , Samarasekera , Wilkinson ) as I think the public deserves some answers .
Update :
See this post for the Conference Board of Canada 's response and my rebuttal .
As the manufacturer of the world 's most famous hybrid car , it seems only fitting that Toyota has now begun shipping its Prius cars to the US using a container ship that could also qualify as a hybrid .
The Auriga Leader , the world 's first freighter to be partly powered using solar energy , has made its maiden voyage to the US from Japan , arriving at California 's Port of Long Beach earlier this month with a consignment of Prius cars and other Toyota vehicles .
Launched in December , the ship is equipped with 328 solar panels on its car carrier which can generate up to 40 kW of energy .
The Auriga Leader 's solar array provides a supplementary source of clean energy to the ship , helping to reduce the load on its auxiliary engines .
They also serve a double duty by helping to protect the vehicles from salt water , wind pressure and vibrations while at sea .
The freighter is a joint project from Japanese companies Nippon Yusen Kaisha and Nippon Oil Corp – which invested $ 1.68 m ( £ 1 m ) in the solar panel system – and is contracted exclusively to Toyota .
The Japanese automaker will use the Auriga Leader , which can carry up to 6,400 vehicles , to make bi-weekly trips between Japan and California .
In addition to having a green mode of overseas delivery , most Prius cars are produced in a solar - powered factory in Tsutsumi , located in central Japan .
Its rooftop array produces 2MW of electricity per hour , meeting about half the plant 's energy requirements .
The latest version of the iconic car , which was launched in Japan in May and is expected in the UK this summer , also features a rooftop solar panel designed to provide power for the car 's cooling systems .
• This article was amended 21 July 2009 .
The original said that the vehicle 's rooftop solar array produced 2MW of electricity " per hour " .
This has been corrected .
• This article was shared by our content partner BusinessGreen.com , part of the Guardian Environment Network
By and large I ’ve long been inured to the deliberate stupidity of much political discourse .
But for some reason the vision of Republicans whining , “ where are those 3.5 million jobs Obama promised ” — less than four months after the stimulus bill was signed , and with hardly any funds disbursed — got to me .
A consultant who helped the Dallas Cowboys with upgrades last year to their collapsed practice facility served time in a federal prison for his actions while connected to a violent drug - trafficking ring , The Dallas Morning News has reported .
Jeffrey Lawrence Galland , the former engineering director of JCI , a Las Vegas - based company , pleaded guilty to using a firearm during a violent crime , and conspiracy to distribute cocaine and marijuana , according to court records , the newspaper reported .
Records detailed Galland , 42 , as a part of a group that smuggled drugs from Washington state to Montana , the newspaper report said .
Galland and an accomplice once used a shotgun and semiautomatic rifle in an attempt at collecting a drug debt , according to the paper .
He was sentenced to 4 ½ years in prison and four years of probation .
He was released from federal prison in 2000 .
Court records show he also was arrested in 1994 and charged with burglary and assault after he broke into a home and pointed a gun at a woman in Great Falls , Mont. , police there said , according to the newspaper .
He was convicted of burglary and received probation in 1995 .
Galland acknowledged his troubled background , and his lack of an engineering license , to The Morning News but said it " had no bearing on his ability to help clients . "
The collapse of the Cowboys ' facility in heavy winds three weeks ago left 12 people injured , including a 33 - year - old team staff member who is paralyzed from the waist down .
The Occupational Safety and Health Administration has opened an investigation into the incident .
Galland also falsified educational credentials he provided The Morning News , the paper said .
Galland showed a résumé that said he received a bachelor 's degree in physics from Eastern Washington University .
The school , however , told the newspaper he completed coursework toward that degree but never graduated .
The résumé also says he has taken classes for a master 's degree in structural engineering at UNLV , the report said .
Records show he never attended the school , UNLV officials told the newspaper .
JCI and Canada - based Summit Structures , which built the Cowboys ' practice facility in 2003 and supervised last year 's upgrades , have worked in tandem extensively in recent years , the report said .
Galland 's work for the Cowboys was done under the supervision of JCI president Scott Jacobs , a licensed engineer , according to the report .
Jacobs did not respond to interview requests from the newspaper .
The Cowboys declined to comment to the Dallas newspaper .
Summit Structures said privacy laws in Canada precluded discussing employees involved in the work .
" It is Summit 's belief that all employees who worked on this project were qualified to perform the task he or she performed " and were properly licensed , company president Nathan Stobbe said in a written statement to The Morning News on Saturday .
" We remain confident in the soundness , strength and durability of Summit Structures ' permanent , steel - framed , engineered fabric buildings -- of which more than 30,000 similar buildings are in use worldwide .
We intend to thoroughly research every aspect of this event as a part of the diligence that we put into everything we do . "
Galland 's plan for the facility included adding " a significant amount of steel " to roof arches and wall framing , the report said .
Galland said he sought to to improve " its ability to withstand pressure from wind , rain and other forces . "
Summit Structures mostly followed the plan , Galland told the paper .
" There were some things that were n't done that we hoped would be done , " he said , declining to elaborate .
Galland said the upgrade was warranty work and Summit Structures did n't want to pay for some of the suggested improvements .
Galland said in an e-mail to The Morning News on Saturday that many of his clients know of his criminal history .
" It does not affect my ability to deliver the services they require , " he said .
" However , it is not something I am proud of . "
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report .
But trust in doctors is a factor as well .
Even when doctors order costly treatments with serious side effects and little evidence of their being effective , as studies find is common , patients are loath to question the decision .
Instead of blaming such treatments for the rising cost of medicine , many people are inclined to blame forces that health economists say are far less important , like greedy insurance companies or onerous malpractice laws .
Mr. Obama is well aware of the public perception .
This is why he directs his criticism not at doctors but at insurers and drug companies .
In his news conference on Wednesday night , he advocated creating a government panel with the power to begin moving Medicare away from its fee - for - service model and emphasize outcomes instead .
But he described it in doctor - friendly terms  as “ an independent group of doctors and medical experts who are empowered to eliminate waste and inefficiency . ”
His rhetorical choices highlight one of the least discussed but most important conflicts in the current health care debate .
The fight is n’t just a matter of Democrats vs. Republicans , Blue Dogs vs. liberals or patients vs. insurers .
It is also doctors vs. doctors .
That ’s the same as in Oklahoma in 1929 .
And what has happened to Dr. Shadid ’s model ?
It has survived .
He built a team of doctors who collaborated closely and were not paid based on how many procedures they performed .
Today , this description fits the Mayo Clinic and the Cleveland Clinic ( which Mr. Obama visited on Thursday ) , as well as less - known groups around the country .
Medicare data shows that these groups generally provide less expensive care and appear to deliver better results .
Armed with this data , the doctors who run the groups have been lobbying Congress to make their model a bigger part of health reform .
Two weeks ago , 13 such groups released a letter saying that recent versions of proposed legislation did not control costs enough .
Their goal is to weaken the fee - for - service system .
In its place , doctors might receive a lump - sum payment to treat a patient with a certain condition , based on average costs elsewhere and on what scientific evidence had found to be effective .
Hospitals with especially good outcomes might earn bonuses .
Advocates say such a system could ultimately give doctors more control .
Rather than having to organize their schedules around the tests and procedures that insurers agree to reimburse , doctors could opt for the treatments they deem most effective .
“ It ’s a lot more accountability , which is why it ’s scary for physicians , ” said Dr. Mark McClellan , a former head of Medicare under George W. Bush .
“ But in some ways it ’s also more autonomy . ”
* Sees support for enterprise apps this year
* Timing for business phones down to manufacturers
* Also plans new Android capabilities for consumers
NEW YORK , July 31 ( Reuters ) - Google Inc GOOG .
O is planning to include support for business users in its Android platform as soon as this year pitting it against BlackBerry maker Research In Motion RIM .
TO , Android developer Andy Rubin said on Friday .
Rubin , vice president of engineering at Google said that as well as adding new features for consumers , future versions of the Android operating system would support businesses who give phones to employees working on the road .
“ Today we do n’t support many enterprise applications but in the future I think enterprise will be a good focus for us , ” Rubin said in an interview with Reuters .
Rubin said Google would have support for enterprises “ as soon as this year ” but noted that the timing for Android phones that support businesses would depend on the speed at which manufacturers can add it to their products .
“ The best I can do is release a platform with all the goodies inside in it and then the ( manufacturers ) do their job , ” Rubin said .
( Reporting by Sinead Carew ; editing by Carol Bishopric )
(( email:sinead.carew@thomsonreuters.com ; +1 646-223-6186 ) ) Keywords : GOOGLE / MOBILE
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Actress Farrah Fawcett , who became an icon of 1970s US television , has died of cancer in Los Angeles aged 62 , her spokesman has confirmed .
Fawcett is best known for starring in Charlie 's Angels , and in later years for hard - hitting TV and stage roles .
Her partner Ryan O'Neal said : " After a long and brave battle with cancer , our beloved Farrah has passed away . "
Her battle with illness was chronicled in the television documentary Farrah 's Story earlier this year .
She was incredibly brave , and God will be welcoming her with open arms
Cheryl Ladd
Obituary : Farrah Fawcett O'Neal added : " Although this is an extremely difficult time for her family and friends , we take comfort in the beautiful times that we shared with Farrah over the years and the knowledge that her life brought joy to so many people around the world . "
Fawcett 's spokesman , Paul Bloch , said she had died shortly before 0930 local time on Thursday in a Santa Monica hospital .
O'Neal and Fawcett 's friend Alana Stewart - singer Rod Stewart 's ex-wife - were by her side , Mr Bloch added .
Stewart said in a statement : " For 30 years , Farrah was much more than a friend , she was my sister , and , although I will miss her terribly , I know in my heart that she will always be there as that angel on the shoulder of everyone who loved her . "
The star 's former Charlie 's Angels co-star Jaclyn Smith said : " Farrah had courage , she had strength , and she had faith . "
The actress , who played Kelly Garrett in the hit TV series , added : " And now she has peace as she rests with the real angels . "
Cheryl Ladd , who played Kris Munroe in the show , said : " I 'm terribly sad about Farrah 's passing .
She was incredibly brave , and God will be welcoming her with open arms . "
HAVE YOUR SAY A 70s icon of beauty .
Rest in peace Farrah rob2008 , Wirral , UK John Forsythe , who played a mysterious behind - the - camera boss in Charlie 's Angels , said : " She put up a gallant fight against her unforgiving disease , and I send my deepest sympathies and prayers to her family and friends . "
The screen star was previously married to Lee Majors , star of The Six Million Dollar Man , from 1973 to 1982 .
" She was an angel on Earth and now an angel forever , " Majors said .
Oscar - winning actor Robert Duvall , Fawcett 's co-star in 1997 film The Apostle , said she was " an outstanding talent - better than most feature film actresses that I 've seen " .
Her death has come just weeks after her TV documentary was broadcast .
The video diary chronicled her battle with anal cancer in her final months .
Marriage plans O'Neal said she had wanted to tell her story on her own terms .
O'Neal , Fawcett 's partner since 1982 , recently disclosed they would finally get married , but the pair never got the chance to exchange vows .
She and O'Neal have one son , Redmond , who is serving a prison sentence for drug offences .
As Fawcett 's career was taking off , she posed in a red bathing suit for a poster which went on to sell several million copies .
Her long blonde locks , made famous by her role in Charlie 's Angels , were emulated by fans across the globe .
The actress earned a string of Emmy and Golden Globe nominations for her small screen roles , but never won one of the major awards .
In 1995 , she was honoured with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
People make environmental choices the same way they manage money , preferring smaller gains right away to bigger gains later , according to new research published by the American Psychological Association .
This behavior reflects " delay discounting , " a mental filter used to make decisions about current versus future gains and losses , David Hardisty , M. Phil. , and Elke Weber , Ph.D. , of Columbia University , report in the August Journal of Experimental Psychology : General .
Just how much people downplay what would happen in the future is called the discount rate .
No matter what the context , discounting stems from three factors : a bias for the present ; uncertainty ; and projected free time , money or other resources ( such as new " green " technologies ) , said the authors .
" When we might gain , it 's simple :
Those three factors make us want that gain right away .
When we might lose , there 's a conflict , " Hardisty said .
" We want to get the loss behind us , yet we also want to put it off -- because we think it will be easier to pay later or the problem will somehow go away . "
Hardisty and Weber found that the resulting , seemingly counterproductive tendency to accept smaller gains now over bigger gains later applies not only to finance , but also to environmental planning .
The researchers conducted three studies with 65 , 118 and 146 participants , respectively .
They presented participants with a series of situations , forcing them to choose between different outcomes involving air quality , mass transit , garbage pile - up from a workers ' strike , and monetary gain and loss ( for example , paying a parking ticket in a smaller amount now or a larger amount later ) .
As examples of the various scenarios presented , participants picked :
21 days of clean air now over 35 days of clean air next year ;
a short - term fix for mass transit now , instead of a long - term fix later ;
a $ 250 lottery win now over a $ 410 win a year later .
Previous studies found that people are not particularly rational about personal finance .
For example , if they came into some cash while carrying two loans , they might completely pay off the smaller loan right away , even though they could instead start paying off the larger , higher - interest loan – a strategy that would reduce their overall interest .
In the new studies , across scenarios , participants downplayed future gains significantly more than future losses .
Employing a formula used by economists , " with our particular scenarios and measurement techniques , [ we ] found annualized discount rates that averaged out to roughly 34 percent for monetary and environmental gains and 9 percent for losses , " Hardisty said .
The findings make it possible to apply the large body of research on delay discounting of financial outcomes to environmental outcomes , which the authors said is " good news for researchers and policymakers alike . "
This could mean framing environmental decisions as ways to avoid future loss rather than realize future gains , said Hardisty .
For example , homeowners could be told that better insulation will help them avoid losing money to high utility bills , not that it will help them save -- a subtle but influential semantic change .
Similarly , campaigns to encourage people to buy higher - cost fluorescent light bulbs could highlight how their use will reduce future energy costs – more loss avoidance .
Finally , the discount rates in this study were dramatically higher than would be predicted by economic theory .
For solid evidence - based policy , lawmakers and planners should consider how real people actually make choices , Weber said .
However , I truly believe that there is a better answer .
I believe that an overwhelming majority of our health care expenditures come down to the many decisions that YOU and I make on an everyday basis .
That 's right !
Our success or failure as a country to reduce costs in an effort to provide access to quality health care for all Americans is not determined by our government or politicians or even our doctors .
It 's determined by YOU and I !
How is this you say ?
In Part I below I will explain to you how the everyday choices of over 300,000,000 Americans has a tremendous impact on 7 of the top 10 leading causes of death from above excluding accidents , influenza & pneumonia , and septicemia .
Your choices in diet , exercise habits , and lifestyle are the major determining factors of not only your own overall health care costs in these regards but also everybody else 's too .
And it is in these key areas where the majority of success can be obtained in providing long term health care reform in the U.S .
In Part II below I will discuss some key points that I believe need to be taken to correct the inadequacies of the structural and organizational components of our current health care system .
And I would encourage you to write your federal representatives as I have done so already to voice your opinion and provide them with your solutions regarding health care reform .
Here is a website for you to find their information - Contact Your Representative
Part I
If everyone including you chooses to take a more responsible role in their own individual lives then we as a country can virtually eliminate 7 of the top 10 causes of death in the U.S. and substantially reduce overall health care costs .
Here 's how you and I can do this ...
Diet -
The vast majority of Americans have an extremely unhealthy diet .
This is by far the most important area in my mind where we can make a difference .
As Americans we eat foods that are much to high in fat , cholesterol , sodium , and many other unhealthy ingredients .
This leads to heart disease , strokes , cancer , diabetes , and many more diseases that diminish our quality of life , empty our bank accounts , and ultimately lead to our cause of death .
Here 's how you can make some major improvements in your life with diet ...
Transition to a diet that includes only fruits , vegetables , whole grains , plant based proteins , and is low in fat .
Remember to also add a vitamin B12 supplement in addition to this .
To learn more I highly recommend that you read The China Study Dr. John McDougall 's site Dr. Joel Fuhrman 's site , Vegetarian Times Shattering The Meat Myth and . by Dr. T. Colin Campbell .
You can also view these websites Dr. Caldwell Esselstyn's site Exercise - At least 30 minutes of cardio 3 times a week is sufficient .
Do n't overdo it !
Work at a pace that 's comfortable for you .
Of course you should always check with your physician to ensure you are healthy enough to start an exercise program .
Lifestyle Choices - Stop smoking and / or drinking excessively !
And obviously illegal drugs are out of the question along with inappropriate use of prescription medications .
Drinking one serving of red wine a day has been shown to be very heart healthy according to the Mayo Clinic Find ways to reduce stress which include yoga , meditation , praying , etc .
Get plenty of regular sleep - at least 8 hours a day .
Part II
Here are some specific reforms that need to be put in place in order to have a health care system in the U.S. that empowers us to succeed instead of encouraging us to fail as is the case with our current system .
Restructure the reimbursement system to reward health care providers and organizations for providing proactive medical care instead of reactive medical care .
Preventative care needs to be the cornerstone of our health care reimbursement system .
Create an alternative public plan that anyone can buy into in order to provide competition to the unregulated capitalistic private health care insurance industry .
Prohibit any public or private plan from discriminating against pre-existing conditions .
Prohibit any public or private plan from making a profit on BASIC medical care .
This is done all over the world and done very successfully .
Making a profit as an insurance company on lifestyle procedures ( face lifts , liposuction , etc. ) would be permitted .
Prohibit any public or private plan from setting any annual or lifetime cap on medical benefits .
Allow patients to choose any doctor , hospital , or clinic they want .
Provide the necessary funding for 100 % conversion to electronic medical records .
Reduce administrative costs by coming up with one single way that health care providers and insurance companies bill for services .
Taiwan currently issues electronic cards ( similar to a credit card ) to all its citizens and this is what is used for all billing transactions .
Their administrative costs are a little over 2 % as opposed to over 20 % in the U.S. Invest heavily in diet and lifestyle public education .
We 've done this before with the stop smoking campaigns over the years and it can be done again with healthy diet and lifestyle education .
Consider subsidizing memberships for U.S. citizens to a gym or recreational facility .
Prohibit lobbying of any kind by any health care related industry in politics .
The business done on K street needs to end for good !
Put a cap on the amount that can be awarded for malpractice lawsuits .
Individuals and families should be compensated for gross negligence but receiving $ 10 or $ 20 million dollars instead of $ 1 million is not going to make that patient or family happier in the long run .
And it only serves to increase costs for everyone due to pure GREED !
Sick Around The World
To learn more about the pros and cons of healthcare systems around the world watch this program -.
We can learn a lot from our worldly neighbors .
We can also learn a lot from practicing preventative medicine .
Please visit this website to learn more about that topic - Functional Medicine .
To learn more about how the current unregulated capitalistic private insurers work in the U.S. watch this interview with a former Cigna executive - Wendell Potter interview
In conclusion please realize that we are capable of so much more here in America and yet we settle for less .
We have a healthcare system that needs some major reform but ultimately long term success is not dependent on any government program or private insurance company but rather OURSELVES .
You and I need to make better everyday choices to reduce not only our own individual costs but the entire nation 's cost in general .
By making better decisions on our diet and lifestyle we 'll also attain the added benefit of feeling better and living a longer life filled with years of positive activity instead of dreadful suffering .
And if you 're telling yourself that it 's just too hard to break old habits then my advice is that any small , positive step forward is better than doing nothing at all .
Thank you for reading this post and feel free to email me at rxvettemaster@yahoo.com with any questions or concerns and I 'll be happy to respond .
Please share this with everybody you know to allow for an open and healthy discussion of real solutions to our many health care challenges .
I want you to look at the following list and then tell me what the title should be .
Ready ... 1 ) Heart Disease2 ) Cancer3 ) Stroke4 ) Chronic Lower Respiratory Diseases5 ) Accidents6 ) Diabetes7 ) Alzheimer 's Disease8 ) Influenza & Pneumonia9 ) Kidney Disease10 ) SepticemiaDo you have a guess as to what this list stands for yet ?
Need some help ?
This is the final report of the leading causes of death in the U.S. for the year 2006 which was published in April of 2009 by the CDC .
According to the National Coalition On Health Care the U.S. spent a total of $ 2.4 trillion dollars on health care in 2007 which works out to be $ 7,900 per person and 17 % of our total GDP .
If nothing is done with our current system then these numbers are expected to reach a total of $ 4.3 trillion dollars by 2017 which would be equivalent to 20 % of GDP .
All of this while we currently have a little over 15 % of the population with no health care coverage and many more millions under insured .
Ummm ...
HOUSTON WE HAVE A PROBLEM !!!
But you already knew that now did n't you .
So what can we do about all this ?
We could argue back and forth like the politicians do .
They quickly forget about people like my friend Kate -
Irish President Mary McAleese today paid tribute to the volunteer community at the heart of the GAA .
McAleese was speaking at a garden party hosted at Áras an Uachtaráin today to mark the 125th anniversary of the Gaelic Athletic Association .
" From Derry to Dingle , from Dublin to Dubai , from San Francisco to Hong Kong day after day , week after week , an army of volunteers cares for this organization and keeps it full of effort and imagination , " she said .
" In parishes , townlands , villages , suburbs and cities there is nothing to match it and nothing that comes close to matching the GAA .
That it remains an unapologetic amateur organisation rooted deeply in the local , national and international life of the Irish family at home and abroad , is its enduring strength . "
" This organization has given to millions memories to last not just one lifetime but many .
It has created opportunities , seeded ambition , honed skill , galvanized the individual , harnessed the team .
" It has brought days of massive pride and occasional broken hearts to the parish , the club , the school , the county , the province and the country .
Such a debt as we owe to the GAA could never be repaid but today we gather to say a heartfelt thank you . "
Entertainment was provided by The Artane Band as well as winners and competitors of SCÓR 2009 .
The veteran GAA commentator Mícheál Ó Muircheartaigh was MC at the event .
What a difference a month makes .
After running above $ 70 last month , the analysts and experts are expecting the price of oil to slink away from $ 70 in the next few months .
But , there 's still a belief that the price of oil will close around $ 75 by year 's end .
Philip K. Verleger Jr. , University of Calgary energy expert is not one of the people that thinks oil will trade around $ 75 .
He sees a radically different picture with the price of oil slumping all the way down to $ 20 because the fundamental balance of supply and demand is out of whack .
LAT / Naked Capitalism :
For eight straight months , oil supplies have been running about 2 million barrels a day higher than the global demand of 83 million barrels a day , Verleger said .
Eventually , he and others predicted , suppliers will tire of paying to store all of the surplus oil and flood the market .
" That is the largest and longest continuous glut of supply that I have seen in 30 years of following energy prices , " Verleger said .
" It 's a huge surplus .
There has never been anything like it . "
Verleger says surplus oil is being held by investors , oil companies and banks .
Eventually they 'll run out of cheap storage locations , and when that happens , the market will be flooded with oil and price will bottom to $ 20 .
Goldman and Dresdner agree with the idea that the price of oil will fall , but neither sees it falling that much .
Tracy Alloway at the FT's Energy Source has reports from each of them on oil .
Here 's Dresdner 's take :
As excessive economic optimism fades , markets are reassessing the situation .
The fact that oil prices have doubled since mid February was largely due to greater economic optimism and not any improvement in the general fundamental data .
Although US crude stocks have fallen sharply in past weeks , this was primarily because US refineries increased crude oil refining levels in the run up to and during the summer driving season .
Owing to higher oil product stocks , weaker demand for petrol and distillates and falling refining margins , US refineries could demand less crude oil in the near term .
We expect the price correction to continue in the direction of $ 60 a barrel in the next few days .
Even reports on further attacks on oil infrastructure in Nigeria have had little effect , an indication that the mood is changing on the oil market .
And here 's Goldman 's take :
In general , the recent price moves are consistent with our views .
In oil , we continue to expect the market to move into deficit in late 3Q09 , which will begin to relieve some of the downward pressure on timespreads that we anticipate will continue until the fundamentals improve .
We also believe that industry economics support long - dated prices around $ 75 / bbl for the balance of the year and thus have cautioned that the build - up of investor length that pushed long - dated prices above $ 80 / bbl in the past month was likely overdone , leaving the market vulnerable to liquidation risk .
For metals , we continue to expect that near - term fundamentals will likely soften as Chinese buying programs diminish , but that price action will likely remain dominated by long - dated metals prices , which are closely linked to economic sentiment and the performance of other risky assets .
Overall
Vision Vision
Originality Originality
Technique Technique
Impact Impact
A very nice and effective HDR .
The thing about high dynamic range photography is that it is meant to be used with a certain purpose , to achieve a level of realism in your photo that you could n't get otherwise .
This particular shot does that very well without dropping off the cliff of surrealism that often looks so misplaced in this genre .
I remember visiting the Old Town in Stockholm myself a few times and this is indeed what I remember and liked about the place .
That means the photo is not only realistic , but also characteristic .
Despite that , however , I do think that as an artistic photo , you could try something a little more daring .
Old Town is great for shooting old buildings and streets , but to the viewer , this gets boring pretty soon .
So try to get an interesting angle on the things you shoot or experiment with depth .
Combined with your eye for HDR , I think it 'll turn out nicely .
A man uses a laptop in Beijing .
The number of Internet users in China is now greater than the entire population of the United States , after rising to 338 million by the end of June , state media have reported .
The number of Internet users in China is now greater than the entire population of the United States , after rising to 338 million by the end of June , state media reported Sunday .
China 's online population , the largest in the world , rose by 40 million in the first six months of 2009 , the official Xinhua news agency reported , citing a report by the China Internet Network Information Center .
The number of broadband Internet connections rose by 10 million to 93.5 million in the first half of the year , the report said .
About 95 percent of townships were connected to broadband by early June and 92.5 percent of villages had telephone lines that could be used for Internet access , Xinhua said , citing the official data .
Rural coverage is expected to improve as the country 's three telecoms operators , China Telecom , China Mobile and China Unicom invest 280 billion yuan ( 40 billion dollars ) in a national 3G network over the next year , China Mobile vice president Lu Xiangdong was quoted as saying last week .
China 's fast - growing online population has made the Internet a forum for the country 's citizens to express their opinions in a way rarely seen in the traditional , strictly government - controlled media .
The growing strength and influence of the web population has prompted concern in Beijing about potential social unrest , and the government has stepped up its control over the Internet in recent years .
After rioting early this month in the capital of the restive northwest Xinjiang region , the government cut off online access to most of the area , in one of the largest known Internet blackouts in China yet .
It has also blocked access to Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and a range of other sites used for networking and sharing content .
Explore further China cracks down on blogs , search engines
Pakistani civilians have been caught in the crossfire Thousands of people have fled Pakistan 's violence - hit Swat district after the army briefly lifted a curfew .
Local residents trapped by fighting between troops and Taleban militants were given a few hours to leave .
The army is trying to reverse militant advances in the area , in what the prime minister has called a " fight for the survival of the country " .
It says it has killed between 180 - 200 militants in the last 24 hours in Swat and other areas .
Between 50 and 60 militants were killed in Swat on Sunday and about 140 bodies had been found in neighbouring Shangla district , the military said in a statement .
See a map of the region Clashes were also reported in the nearby districts of Dir and Buner .
In Swat , explosive devices planted by the militants in roads and militant mortar fire were causing civilian casualties , the military said .
Due to the intensity of the fighting and the cutting of phone networks , it is difficult to get independent information on the fighting , correspondents say .
' Relying on God ' Early on Sunday , the military lifted a curfew in Swat to allow residents trapped by the fighting to get out .
Residents in the main town of Mingora and the nearby towns of Kambar and Raheemabad began leaving at 0600 ( 0100 GMT ) .
Syed Shoaib Hasan
BBC News , Islamabad
The army has spent the last two days locating and destroying militant camps in the rural regions .
A major ground offensive now appears to be on the horizon to secure the seat of government in Swat .
The Taleban have entrenched themselves in fortified position in and around Mingora .
The army is likely to use aircraft and artillery to soften up these targets before sending in ground troops .
But even then , the fighting on the ground is expected to be bloody and long drawn - out .
As dawn broke in Mingora , thousands of civilians were setting out .
A local journalist described the event as something out of Doomsday , reports the BBC's Syed Shoaib Hasan in Islamabad .
Men , women , children and the elderly were seen moving along the road that leads out of the region .
The lucky ones were able to get some sort of transport , ranging from a local bus to a donkey cart .
But many plodded down the road on foot carrying what little they could gather , our reporter said .
" We are going out only with our clothes and a few things to eat on the long journey , " Rehmat Alam , a 40 - year - old medical technician , told the Associated Press news agency .
" We just got out relying on God because there is no one else to help us . "
The curfew has now been re-imposed .
Analysts say the decision to lift it for most of the day is a sign that the army offensive is likely to intensify in the coming days .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Pakistan 's government signed a peace agreement with the Swat Taleban in February , allowing Sharia law there , a move sharply criticised by Washington .
The militants then moved towards the capital , Islamabad , causing further alarm .
Up to 15,000 troops have now been deployed in the Swat valley and neighbouring areas to take on up to 5,000 militants .
The military has said it intends to " eliminate " the Taleban fighters .
Prime Minister Yusuf Raza Gilani on Saturday called the conflict " a guerrilla war " .
" This is our own war .
This is war for the survival of the country , " Reuters news agency quoted him as saying .
The fighting has already displaced some 200,000 people , while a further 300,000 are estimated to be on the move or poised to flee , the UN says .
On Saturday the government said that refugee camps would be set up in Peshawar , the capital of North West Frontier Province , and to the north - east in Naushara .
Footage on local television showed people at one camp desperately looting UN supplies , including blankets and cooking oil .
Click here to return
Have you been affected by the fighting in the region ?
Have you been displaced ?
Send us your comments and stories using the form below .
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The grief stricken family of a young Irishman who died after falling off a rooftop in Manhattan was trying to finalize arrangements this weekend to have his body brought back to Ireland .
David Forde , 22 , from Athenry , County Galway , was a schoolteacher in Ireland who had just recently qualified , and had come to America during the summer break .
He was on the rooftop of a hostel building on 107th street in Manhattan when he fell to his death .
The rooftop was a regular place for residents of the hostel to gather according to sources .
Earlier reports that he had die in a construction accident were incorrect .
David had come to America with a number of other Athenry area friends , and they were due to return to Ireland soon .
He was described as a very popular young man who had just commenced a promising career as a teacher after graduating college .
His family is working with the Irish Consulate in New York to secure the arrangements for the body to return to Ireland .
Under Reagan , the budget was never balanced and debt ballooned .
In fact , under Reagan the total debt / GDP ratio increased from a little over 30 % to a little over 60 % .
Yet there were no protests .
And the fact the budget was never balanced did n't seem to bother anybody .
Of course , you could argue that the current teabaggers were n't around then so this does n't count .
But when Bush took office the exact same thing happened .
According to the Cato Institute , the Republican Party became the " Grand Old Spending Party .
Bush was the biggest spender since LBJ .
Here is what the Cato Institute wrote :
President Bush has presided over the largest overall increase in inflation - adjusted federal spending since Lyndon B. Johnson .
Even after excluding spending on defense and homeland security , Bush is still the biggest - spending president in 30 years .
His 2006 budget does n’t cut enough spending to change his place in history , either .
Total government spending grew by 33 percent during Bush ’s first term .
The federal budget as a share of the economy grew from 18.5 percent of GDP on Clinton ’s last day in office to 20.3 percent by the end of Bush ’s first term .
The Republican Congress has enthusiastically assisted the budget bloat .
Inflation - adjusted spending on the combined budgets of the 101 largest programs they vowed to eliminate in 1995 has grown by 27 percent .
Yet there were no protests .
And here is a report from the Bureau of Public Debt of the annual federal debt outstanding at the end of the last 8 federal fiscal years :
09/30/2008 $ 10,024,724,896,912.49
09/30/2007 $ 9,007,653,372,262.48
09/30/2006 $ 8,506,973,899,215.23
09/30/2005 $ 7,932,709,661,723.50
09/30/2004 $ 7,379,052,696,330.32
09/30/2003 $ 6,783,231,062,743.62
09/30/2002 $ 6,228,235,965,597.16
09/30/2001 $ 5,807,463,412,200.06
09/30/2000 $ 5,674,178,209,886.86
To anyone with an ounce of common sense , it 's obvious what 's going on .
Republican / conservative rank and file are protesting because they are out of power and their leadership is terrible .
But they are n't protesting spending ; they are protesting the Democratic Party 's governance .
And that is fine .
But please , do n't tell me it 's about spending or debt .
If that were the case , you guys should have taken to the streets years ago .
Fringe writers Robert Orci and Alex Kurtzman , and showrunner Jeff Pinkner , revealed something crucial about how the creative team thinks about the multiverse in this increasingly twisty , weird science show co-created by JJ Abrams .
The writing team , working with JJ Abrams , has mapped out the entire arc of season 2 .
One of the lingering issues at the end of season 1 was exactly how many parallel universes there are out there - especially now that characters have started seeing them and moving between them .
So does Fringe exist in a DC universe - style " infinite Earths " ?
Advertisement
Apparently not .
I asked the team whether they talk about " Earth Prime , " " Earth 2 , " " Earth 3 , " etc. in the writing room , or whether they have any other terminology .
Pinkner said no , they only talk about " our reality and alternate reality . "
So there you have it :
There are only two worlds .
Ours and the alternate one .
So do n't worry about a crisis on infinite Peters .
Or a giant army of Walters from 1000 different worlds .
There are only two .
In the days after the June 12 presidential election in Iran , hundreds of thousands of protesters took to the streets , spurred on – at least in part – by messages exchanged on a range of social networks , from Facebook to MySpace .
Among the most popular was persiankiwi , a Twitter user purportedly located in Iran .
Such was his or her clout that one outlet dubbed persiankiwi " the world 's most important journalist . "
At a time when many Western journalists were barred from leaving their hotel rooms – or forbidden from entering the country at all – persiankiwi appeared to have a front - row seat to the carnage .
On June 24 , he or she posted the following updates to Twitter :
• saw 7/8 militia beating one woman with baton on ground - she had no defense nothing - # Iranelection sure that she is dead
• they were waiting for us - they all have guns and riot uniforms - it was like a mouse trap - ppl being shot like animals
• I see many ppl with broken arms / legs / heads - blood everywhere - pepper gas like war
• just in from Baharestan Sq - situation today is terrible - they beat the ppls like animals
Alongside Neda Soltan , a woman apparently shot dead by a basiji militiaman on the streets of Tehran , persiankiwi became a symbol of a new uprising – one that derived its power from a sprawling network of young protesters .
As BNO ’s Michael van Poppel discovered , by the end of June , CNN.com was even picking up persiankiwi's tweets , and weaving them into news stories posted on the site .
( CNN did this without attributing the accounts to persiankiwi , or indicating that the information came from Twitter ; a spokesman for the network later apologized . )
Vanished
Today , Iranian security forces and plainclothes militiamen clashed with protesters near Tehran University , the Los Angeles Times reported .
The incident , which was sparked by a sermon delivered by opposition supporter Ayatollah Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani , has hurled Iran back into the global spotlight .
And again , Twitter is bursting at the digitized seams with accounts of the conflict .
( To follow discussions on the Iranian elections , navigate to Twitter – you do n't need a user name or password – and type in the search field # IranElections . )
But one voice is missing : that of persiankiwi , who has been silent since late June .
Persiankiwi's last message to his or her tens of thousands of followers was posted on June 24 , at 11:39 in the morning : " Allah - you are the creator of all and all must return to you - Allah Akbar - # Iranelection Sea of Green . "
The final three words of the post refer to the color worn by many of the opposition protesters in and out of Iran .
A mystery deepens
It 's very hard to determine exactly what happened to persiankiwi , since his or her identity was never made public .
Many bloggers have speculated that persiankiwi was arrested – a plausible scenario , considering how willing President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has been to silence anti-government voices .
( Earlier this month he had one blogger arrested for claiming that Ahmadinejad had Jewish roots . )
Alternatively , many have argued that persiankiwi is in hiding , or has begun blogging under a different name .
In late June , for instance , Fershteh Ghazi , an Iranian journalist , wrote that persiankiwi was not arrested , but had merely lost regular Internet access .
Another possibility : government forces commandeered persiankiwi's account , and used it to broadcast at least one pro-Ahmadinejad message before freezing the feed completely .
This would explain the final post , which broke from the blow - by - blow reporting of previous messages .
For his part , blogger Aric Mayer has argued that persiankiwi may simply have become disillusioned by the scale of the violence .
On June 24 , Mayer wrote that , " So far [ persiankiwi's ] twitter stream has been infused with excitement , potential and hidden dangers , as if these were furtive dispatches in a Matrix like underground resistance , tapping in and out of the web to upload small bits and direct traffic towards some useful end . "
Mayer proceeded to parse the arc of persiankiwi's posts – from hope , to terror , to the final post praising Allah .
" The last line sounds like a benediction , " Mayer writes .
" The tone has changed dramatically and if these reports are true , I fear that this a turning point in the revolution . "
Whatever the case , that was the last the word from persiankiwi .
---
For the latest tech news , follow us on Twitter .
One-minute World News Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Watch the latest news summary from BBC World News .
International news updated 24 hours a day ..
This is an old version of the one - minute world news summary - please try our higher quality version of the bulletin BBC World News channel official site MOST POPULAR VIDEO / AUDIO Editor 's Choice
First Year Hops By Tony Saldin By
First year hops update .
It has been 2 months since I planted the hop rhizomes .
I figured it is time for an update ( and a reason to visit the hop growing blog ) .
When they were first growing , the Nugget and Magnum hops were significantly ahead of the Cascade hops ( by about 50 % in height ) .
At the 2 month marker , the Nugget hops are 7 feet tall , the Magnum hops are 5 feet tall and the cascade hops passed the Magnum and is at 6 feet tall .
The Nugget hops are the tallest hop bines at this point in time ( 2 months ) .
The Nugget bines do receive just a little bit more direct sunlight so I do n’t consider this a fair race to the top .
I have 2 bines sharing this rope and they are perfectly spaced and growing as a double helix ( as are the other 2 hop plants ) .
My neighbor says he thinks the hops are cool .
I was a bit worried about using the white rope as it sticks out like a sore thumb against my brown garage .
White was not my first choice in color , I was actually looking for green but white was all they had .
I did not have time to shop around so white it is .
The only fertilizer I have used is a little bone meal and blood meal .
I am staying organic all the way with these hops .
I will soon use some compost tea ( as soon as my compost nears completion ) .
So far I have not had an issue with deer or rabbits eating my hops bines .
I believe a rabbit got one of my nugget bines but that was before I had selected the 2 best bines to grow and I clipped the rest of the hop shoots .
Since then the bines have been left alone .
I am looking at buying / using a soil inoculant as the soil on the side of my garage has been neglected forever .
My wife ’s peonies , surrounded by rock mulch has not seen much organic matter .
I had to dig up rock and plastic to make holes for the hop plants .
Last fall I dug down a foot and 2 feet in diameter .
I mixed in grass , leaves and wood ashes to supplement the soil .
There was n’t much black dirt or topsoil so I added some with the organic materials .
The hop bines seem to be doing ok for first year hops .
I am looking at some beneficial ground bacteria and mycelium ( mushroom type fungus ) which helps the roots – root stalk / crown absorb nutrients from the soil .
Inflation : What You See and What You Don't See
Tags
[ An MP3 audio version of this article , read by Floy Lilley , is available as a free download . ]
In an attempt to fight the international credit market turmoil and its effects on economic activity and overall prices , the US Federal Reserve ( Fed ) keeps increasing the supply of base money — which is cash in circulation and commercial banks ' money balances held with the Fed .
From August 2008 to May 2009 , the monetary base in the United States more than doubled .
The bulk of the expansion reflects an unprecedented rise in banks ' excess reserves — that is , banks ' base money which is available for additional credit and money creation . [ 1 ]
People are being told by governments , central bankers , and leading mainstream economists that such a policy would n't be inflationary — because the money would remain in the portfolios of banks and would not spill over into the hands of firms and private households .
This is , to put it mildly , an uninformed view .
To show that a rise in base money is inflationary — that it either lowers the purchasing power of money or , what basically amounts to the same , prevents money 's exchange value from rising — let us start right from the beginning .
How Mainstream Economists Define Inflation
If you ask mainstream economists what inflation is , they typically respond that inflation is an ongoing rise in the consumer price index of more than 2 or 3 percent per annum ; if the increase remains between zero and 2 to 3 per annum , these economists would speak of price ( or price - level ) stability .
Currently , annual changes in consumer price are running at around zero .
So it comes as no surprise that mainstream economists do not see inflation whatsoever ; in fact , they would warn against deflation — which they characterize as an ongoing decline in consumer prices .
The prices of assets such as stocks , bonds , real estate , and housing are typically considered different from consumer prices .
Asset prices are seen as prices sui generis , especially as they are not included in the official definitions of price indices .
So - called asset price inflation — a term which mainstream economists use for characterizing the phenomena of extraordinarily strong and ongoing increases in the prices of , for instance , stocks and housing — is not seen for what it really is : a visible symptom of the erosion of the purchasing power of money .
What is more , mainstream economists would n't mind about the Fed increasing the monetary base , or commercial banks increasing money supply , per se .
This is because they do not see a direct , let alone a logically necessary , link between changes in the money stock and the purchasing power of money .
Austrians ' Definition of Inflation
In sharp contrast , Austrians hold that inflation is an increase in the money stock , and that the upward drift of money prices is a consequence of a rise in the money stock ; from the Austrians ' viewpoint , rising prices are a symptom of an increase in the money stock .
Mainstream economists may say that if a rise in the money stock is accompanied by a ( sufficient ) rise in the supply of goods and services , an increase in the money stock would not cause inflation , as it would not make prices go up .
From the Austrian viewpoint , such an argument does not hold water , though : had the money remained unchanged , money prices would have actually declined ( other things being equal ) , thereby having increasing the purchasing power of money .
In other words , a rise in the money stock prevents the money stock from gaining in purchasing power ( other things being equal ) .
That said , there are two consequences that come with a rise in the money stock that need to be highlighted in this context .
First , the visible effect is a rise in money prices ; it is the result of a rise in the money stock while the supply of goods and services remains unchanged .
Second , the invisible effect is brought about by a rise in the money stock , even if it is accompanied by a rising supply of goods and services : the rise in the money stock prevents money prices from declining .
Needless to say , to most people the first effect goes unnoticed — as a result of a misguided definition of inflation .
That said , the only economically meaningful definition of inflation is a rise in the money stock .
An Invisible Effect of a Rising Monetary Base
As far as its impact on prices goes , the rise in the monetary base sponsored by the Fed has so far been restricted to an invisible effect .
First and foremost , the base money increase prevents banks ' troubled asset prices from adjusting to lower levels .
Buyers of these assets have to pay a higher price when compared to the scenario in which the Fed had n't increased the money supply .
In addition , prohibiting the prices of banks ' assets from adjusting downwards keeps markets from performing an essential function , namely , rewarding those players who serve the needs of their clients and pushing those players out of the market who do not .
Furthermore , as prices of banks ' troubled assets are kept from declining , the need for revaluing other assets ( such as book loans extended to firms , house builders , and governments ; bonds ; stocks , etc. ) tends to decline or is prevented altogether .
If , however , asset prices are kept from falling by monetary policy expanding the money supply , the mechanism of relative prices cannot do its job properly .
It actually paves the way for making other prices — such as wages , and producer and consumer prices — go up .
A Visible Effect of a Rise in the Money Stock
Let us take a look at the visible effect caused by a rise of money on consumer prices — an effect that is put into question by mainstream economists .
The graph below plots annual changes in the stock of M2 against those of the consumer price index from 1960 to May 2009 .
At first glance , there is n't much of a correlation between the series under review .
However , if a closer look is taken at series ' underlying trends , which strip out short - term fluctuations and " noise , " two findings stand out .
First , trend money growth of M2 and trend changes in consumer prices are pretty much on the same wavelength , and they are positively and highly correlated .
Second , trend changes in the money stock seem to affect trend changes in prices with a time lag , and trend money growth seems to lead trend changes in prices .
The ( admittedly arbitrary ) trend lines suggest that consumer prices will go up and that the latest drop in rising consumer prices should be interpreted as a temporary downward blip ( driven by lower commodity prices ) .
Will It or Will It Not ?
A key issue for many market observers is this : will the massive increase in base money really translate into a rise in the money stock in the hands of private households and firms , which would then lead to visible effects of a rise in the money stock ?
The multipliers — which show the relationships between credit and commercial - bank money stocks relative to banks ' holdings of base money — have collapsed since late summer 2008 .
Banks ' willingness and ability to churn out credit and money have declined severely .
Commercial banks are in a process of deleveraging and derisking their balance sheets .
Private owners of the banks are no longer willing to risk their capital in the credit business at currently prevailing return levels .
That said , one can say that markets have embarked on a process of correcting the effects of misguided policies — caused by a relentless expansion of circulation credit and money created out of thin air , encouraged by central banks ' artificial lowering of interest rates .
Markets are about to cause a contraction of credit and money supply ; if banks are no longer willing to extend additional credit and call in maturing loans , credit and money supply will decline , leading to recession and deflation .
Such a development would be highly undesirable from the viewpoint of governments and their beneficiaries in particular ; in fact , it would threaten their very existence .
And it is from here that the real danger for even higher inflation comes .
Why Inflation Will Become Worse , Not Better
The policy of expanding the money stock is the foremost tool of government aggrandizement .
It allows financing the state 's income , public deficits , and elections , and for expropriating and corrupting members of society in the most subtle way .
As Ludwig von Mises noted ,
A government always finds itself obliged to resort to inflationary measures when it cannot negotiate loans and dare not levy taxes , because it has reason to fear that it will forfeit approval of the policy it is following if it reveals too soon the financial and general economic consequences of that policy .
Thus inflation becomes the most important psychological resource of any economic policy whose consequences have to be concealed ; and so in this sense it can be called an instrument of unpopular , i.e. of anti-democratic , policy , since by misleading public opinion it makes possible the continued existence of a system of government that would have no hope of the consent of the people if the circumstances were clearly laid before them .
That is the political function of inflation .
It explains why inflation has always been an important resource of policies of war and revolution and why we also find it in the service of socialism .
When governments do not think it necessary to accommodate their expenditure to their revenue and arrogate to themselves the right of making up the deficit by issuing notes , their ideology is merely a disguised absolutism .
Those who hope that inflation will now come to an end — given that market is close to contracting circulation credit expansion and the money supply — implicitly express optimism that the government leviathan is on the retreat .
Unfortunately , the latest developments — namely , increasing base money and the running up even bigger public deficits — do n't support such a view .
Even though banks scale back on their lending activity , one should not forget that , under today 's government - controlled fiat - money systems , the money stock can be increased at any time , in any amount deemed politically desirable .
Tragically , deflation — the decline in the money stock , which is so widely feared these days — can be prevented if this is politically desired .
Inflation can be produced by central banks or commercial banks , simply by lending or purchasing assets from nonbanks , paying with newly issued money .
As things stand , central banks ' monetizing government debt is presumably the way forward for producing inflation — which is , and must be , defined as a rise in the money stock .
[ bio ]
See his [ AuthorArchive ] .
Comment on the blog .
An MP3 audio version of this article , read by Floy Lilley , is available as a free download .
You can subscribe to future articles by [ AuthorName ] via this [ RSSfeed ] .
" Hank Paulson never should have had that job in the first place .
He had a $ 700 million conflict of interest , and everything that he did while he was Treasury secretary , every single thing that he did , has one explanation : What 's good for Hank Paulson ? "
-- Florida Rep. Alan Grayson on MSNBC
I do n't recall the last time Congress came up with such a direct redistribution .
Occasionally Congress closes a few tax loopholes at the top and offers a refundable tax credit to workers at the bottom , or it creates a poor people 's program like Medicaid , paid for out of general revenues from a progressive income tax .
But to say out loud , as the House has just done , that those in our society who can most readily afford it should pay for the health insurance of those who cannot is , well , audacious .
There 's another word for it : fair .
According to the most recent data ( for 2007 ) , the best - off 1 percent of American households take home about 20 percent of total income -- the highest percentage since 1928 .
Yes , I know : Critics will charge that these are the very people who invest , innovate and hire , and thereby keep the economy going .
So raising their taxes will burden the economy and thereby hurt everyone , including those who are supposed to be helped ... [ T ] here 's no reason to suppose that taking a tiny sliver of the incomes of the top 1 percent will reduce all that much of their ardor to invest , innovate and hire in the future .
Yet if this tiny sliver means affordable healthcare for a far larger number of Americans , who will be able to get regular checkups and thereby stay healthy and productive , the positive effect on the American economy is likely to be far greater .
When Blue America endorsed anti-war profits crusader Alan Grayson last year we did it primarily because we knew he would hold the bad guys ' feet to the fire .
And he has -- far more than almost any other members of Congress .
This discussion with former CNBC reporter Dylan Ratigan is the kind of sunshine Americans need to be able to understand the enormous rip off that characterized the relationship between the government and the banksters .
It is n't a coincidence that Paulson 's former company , Goldman Sachs , is swimming in profits and about to start handing out the mega - bonuses again .
Watch Grayson and feel a sense of satisfaction that if not for our contributions early on in his campaign , we would probably still find worthless slug and corporate shill Ric Keller representing Orlando .
( It is n't for no reason that Alan is the Republican Party 's # 1 target for 2010 , the Democratic incumbent they hate most , fear most and most want to defeat .
Do n't let them Like I said , there are n't many in government like Alan Grayson .
But if I had to come up with a few names of people with the guts and the brains and the passion to figure stuff out and do something about it , one name on the list would surely be ex-Secretary of Labor Robert Reich .
I want to recommend a Salon post he wrote yesterday , Tax The Wealthy To Keep Everyone Healthy .
A fan of Robin Hood economics , his proposals are enough to make GOP heads explode all over Capitol Hill .
These Geithners and Emanuels and Summers ... feh .
Obama could have donemuch better .
Or maybe he needs crooks to fight crooks .
Let 's see how far we get with the two big battles over health care reform and financial reform .
Labels : Alan Grayson , banksters , Robert Reich
It 's two years since Parliament voted to start the process of replacing Britain 's Trident nuclear weapons system .
Despite the ' yes ' vote , opposition was substantial within Parliament – including a massive backbench Labour rebellion .
Outside Parliament , it was clear that ' No ' was by far the majority sentiment .
72 per cent of those polled , just days before the vote in March 2007 , opposed replacing Trident at that time .
That was the state of play in the last heady days before the credit crunch really kicked in .
Even then , the cost of Trident replacement was a major factor in the public mind .
The news that the total cost of a new system – when including life - time running costs - was likely to top £ 76 billion was a killer fact for many .
Those faced with government spending cuts and the closure of local services were already counting the opportunity cost of a new generation of British weapons of mass destruction .
The TUC Congress in 2006 voted overwhelmingly against Trident replacement , primarily because of the costs involved .
Since then it has become clear – thanks to a Public Accounts Committee investigation – that even the government 's cost estimates at the time of the vote were only ' ball park figures ' .
It seems that cost and time over - runs are almost certain .
In any case , the continuing costs of the existing system for the next twenty - odd years should be added to the tally too .
In sum , we are talking in excess of £ 100 billion to fund Britain 's nuclear habit .
Ever larger numbers of people are coming to the conclusion that this is not a price worth paying .
And they are coming from an ever - wider political spectrum .
Hard on the heels of former Labour minister Stephen Byers questioning the justifiability of such spending , leading Conservatives have now also shown that they are open to rethinking Trident and its replacement .
A major debate is now reportedly under way in the shadow cabinet .
David Davis has written , in the Financial Times , that it is time for the Tories to look at their own ' sacred cows ' .
Davis questioned the justification for the ' wholesale upgrade ' of a system designed to retaliate after a full - scale Soviet attack when today 's likeliest adversary would be a ' much smaller , less sophisticated state .
Should not the costs reflect this ?'
David Cameron subsequently refused to rule out the possibility of a shift in Tory policy on nuclear weapons , promising a major strategic defence review once in office .
He is being encouraged to rethink by senior backbench figures , most notably by James Arbuthnot , who is Chair of the House of Commons Defence Select Committee .
Arbuthnot , who led scrutiny of Trident 's replacement in the run up to the Parliamentary vote , described weapons system as of ' doubtful usefulness ' , but at that time opposed unilateral disarmament .
Arbuthnot has since said that he thinks the debate on Britain 's nuclear weapons should now be reopened .
Of course costs are not the only reasons to oppose the replacement of Trident .
The key question has to be , does it actually add to our security and defence ?
One strong perspective on this has recently come from retired senior military figures – two generals and a field - marshal .
Trident , they observed in a letter to The Times , is militarily useless and should be scrapped .
So if it is military useless , does it contribute to our security in other non-military ways ?
On the contrary .
According to Kofi Annan , when Secretary General of the UN , while powerful countries say they need nuclear weapons for their security , other countries will come to the same conclusion .
In other words , our continued insistence that the possession of nuclear weapons makes us safe , will encourage other states to proliferate .
That would appear to be the view of North Korea : they think nuclear weapons will deter attack on their country and constitute a powerful international bargaining chip .
That is an attitude that we reinforce and perpetuate at our peril .
In fact , when Gordon Brown became prime minister , Britain ’s nuclear policy changed subtly but significantly for the better .
It recognised the reality of the link between the failure of nuclear weapons states to disarm and the increased likelihood of nuclear weapons proliferation .
Numerous statements by leading government figures reinforced this shift away from Blair ’s erroneous view that we are legally entitled to keep nuclear weapons .
Since then , Brown has been big on the idea of ‘ leading ’ global disarmament initiatives , although his thunder has been somewhat stolen by Obama , who is actually doing something about it .
Brown ’s key weakness is that he talks the disarmament talk , but wo n’t deal with Trident .
Sooner or later he will have to realise this is a contradictory position .
When the majority of the British people – including Tory politicians and senior military figures - have come to the view that Trident should be reconsidered – or even axed – then Gordon Brown should not be holding back .
Conspiracy theorists , start your engines .
On Thursday , 40 years to the day after the Apollo 11 spacecraft began its journey to the moon , NASA released what it called , “ newly restored video from the July 20 , 1969 , live television broadcast of the Apollo 11 moonwalk . ”
The Associated Press video embedded above includes some of the restored video images of Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin walking on the moon .
The French news agency Agence France - Presse put out this selection of iconic images from the mission on Sunday before the new footage was released , and the Armstrong moonwalk is noticeably less clear .
In this video report from the BBC , Richard Nafzger , the NASA engineer who oversaw the television feed during the Apollo 11 mission , discusses the restoration and compares clips of the two astronauts on the moon ’s surface before and after the clean - up work was done .
According to an A.P. report , Mr. Nafzger , who was involved in the refurbishment , stressed that the footage was n’t new , just improved : “ There ’s nothing being created ; there ’s nothing being manufactured . ”
Since , as Reuters reports , “ NASA admitted in 2006 that no one could find the original video recordings of the July 20 , 1969 , landing ” and then discovered that the video tapes used that day were accidentally erased and reused , the space agency scoured the globe for other copies of the historic transmission .
A news release from NASA explained where the original footage came from :
A team of Apollo - era engineers who helped produce the 1969 live broadcast of the moonwalk acquired the best of the broadcast - format video from a variety of sources for the restoration effort .
These included a copy of a tape recorded at NASA ’s Sydney , Australia , video switching center , where down - linked television from Parkes and Honeysuckle Creek was received for transmission to the U.S. ; original broadcast tapes from the CBS News Archive recorded via direct microwave and landline feeds from NASA ’s Johnson Space Center in Houston ; and kinescopes found in film vaults at Johnson that had not been viewed for 36 years .
The A.P. points out that “ the restoration company , Lowry Digital of Burbank , Calif. , also refurbished ‘ Star Wars , ' ” which is likely to delight conspiracy theorists .
Earlier this week , my colleague John Schwartz reported : “ polling consistently suggests that some 6 percent of Americans believe the landings were faked and could not have happened . ”
As The Guardian ’s David Adam pointed out , many of the conspiracy theories depend on close analysis of the original moonwalk video .
NASA ’s decision to use a Hollywood production company to clean up that footage will do little to reassure people who insist that they saw incongruous items , like a Coke bottle , in the background when Armstrong made his giant leap .
That said , Mr. Adam ’s systematic attempt to debunk several of the leading conspiracy theories does include this footage , which seems more than a little fishy :
Reader comment of the day :
The problem with the various conspiracy theorists you come across is that they start with a solid foundation of ignorance and then speculate from there using very poor logic .
Even if you correct their logic you still have their ignorance to deal with which is why it ’s impossible to ever change their minds .
They ’ll only go away when the moon finally becomes a tourist trap and you can pay a space - nickel to get your photo taken next to the Apollo antiques , and the conspiracy nutters will finally all be dead .
My colleague John Schwartz writes in an e-mail :
Welcome to Ubersite !
| Rating : 1.66 on 5 ratings ( 7 reviews ) last by FartSmeller 391 days ago
| Rating : - 1.2 on 6 ratings ( 6 reviews ) last by asmasta808 381 days ago
| Rating : 0.5 on 4 ratings ( 8 reviews ) last by RoadSong 344 days ago
| Rating : - 0.34 on 6 ratings ( 9 reviews ) last by Bestmate2 360 days ago
| Rating : 1.42 on 9 ratings ( 9 reviews ) last by asmasta808 201 days ago
| Rating : 1.0 on 8 ratings ( 10 reviews ) last by Spam 340 days ago
| Rating : 1.66 on 6 ratings ( 8 reviews ) last by ArdAtak 232 days ago
| Rating : 2.0 on 9 ratings ( 9 reviews ) last by X54 334 days ago
| Rating : 1.5 on 4 ratings ( 4 reviews ) last by SilvrWolf 329 days ago
| Rating : 1.0 on 4 ratings ( 4 reviews ) last by asmasta808 303 days ago
| Rating : - 1.5 on 7 ratings ( 12 reviews ) last by Bestmate2 283 days ago
| Rating : - 1.0 on 8 ratings ( 14 reviews ) last by asmasta808 303 days ago
| Rating : 1.2 on 5 ratings ( 5 reviews ) last by Flack 242 days ago
| Rating : 1.33 on 6 ratings ( 6 reviews ) last by Flack 242 days ago
| Rating : 0.5 on 6 ratings ( 6 reviews ) last by Bestmate2 262 days ago
| Rating : 2.0 on 1 rating ( 5 reviews ) last by Perk " Grownman Perkiness " man 143 days ago
| Rating : 0.4 on 6 ratings ( 8 reviews ) last by Bubba2341 216 days ago
| Rating : - 1.17 on 7 ratings ( 14 reviews ) last by DaBeast 234 days ago
| Rating : - 1.0 on 4 ratings ( 9 reviews ) last by THE HUMAN CENTIFAG 200 days ago
| Rating : 1.63 on 12 ratings ( 17 reviews ) last by w_t_a_y_s_t_r_m 177 days ago
| Rating : 1.2 on 5 ratings ( 6 reviews ) last by Bubba2341 216 days ago
| Rating : 0.66 on 3 ratings ( 4 reviews ) last by Bubba2341 216 days ago
| Rating : 0.85 on 8 ratings ( 15 reviews ) last by Murphy 1844 45 days ago
| Rating : - 2.0 on 2 ratings ( 2 reviews ) last by Calios 177 days ago
| Rating : 1.0 on 2 ratings ( 3 reviews ) last by Bestmate2 109 days ago
| Rating : 2.0 on 5 ratings ( 7 reviews ) last by DaBeast 187 days ago
| Rating : 1.42 on 8 ratings ( 16 reviews ) last by Hashtag 126 days ago
| Rating : 1.75 on 4 ratings ( 4 reviews ) last by DaBeast 176 days ago
| Rating : 1.0 on 5 ratings ( 19 reviews ) last by Bestmate2 147 days ago
| Rating : 2.0 on 3 ratings ( 4 reviews ) last by Bestmate2 144 days ago
| Rating : 0.0 on 2 ratings ( 2 reviews ) last by Bestmate2 115 days ago
| Rating : 0.66 on 3 ratings ( 4 reviews ) last by Bestmate2 56 days ago
| Rating : 1.4 on 5 ratings ( 10 reviews ) last by Bestmate2 56 days ago
| Rating : 1.5 on 3 ratings ( 11 reviews ) last by Bestmate2 56 days ago
| Rating : - 0.25 on 4 ratings ( 17 reviews ) last by Fucking foul 84 days ago
| Rating : 0.0 on 2 ratings ( 3 reviews ) last by DaBeast 88 days ago
| Rating : 1.85 on 8 ratings ( 8 reviews ) last by Bestmate2 56 days ago
| Rating : 2.0 on 4 ratings ( 4 reviews ) last by X54 22 days ago
| Rating : 2.0 on 5 ratings ( 5 reviews ) last by Shlongy 78 days ago
| Rating : 0.5 on 3 ratings ( 7 reviews ) last by Shlongy 65 days ago
| Rating : 2.0 on 3 ratings ( 3 reviews ) last by Shlongy 65 days ago
| Rating : 1.5 on 6 ratings ( 11 reviews ) last by RoadSong 7 days ago
| Rating : 0.6 on 5 ratings ( 6 reviews ) last by Bestmate2 47 days ago
| Rating : 1.42 on 7 ratings ( 10 reviews ) last by Bestmate2 37 days ago
| Rating : 1.33 on 3 ratings ( 7 reviews ) last by Murphy 1844 20 days ago
| Rating : 1.66 on 6 ratings ( 9 reviews ) last by Flack 16 hours ago
| Rating : 2.0 on 3 ratings ( 5 reviews ) last by DaBeast 4 days ago
| Rating : 0.66 on 3 ratings ( 7 reviews ) last by DaBeast 2 days ago
| Rating : 0.0 on 2 ratings ( 2 reviews ) last by RoadSong 4 days ago
| Rating : 2.0 on 3 ratings ( 3 reviews ) last by St. Giles 3 days ago
Homer : I want everyone to know that this is Ned Flanders ... myfriend !
Lenny :
What 'd he say ?
Carl : I dunno .
Somethin ' about being gay .
Homer Loves Flanders
Site and layout © 2014 Ubersite ® --
All material copyrighted by its respective copyright holder , dumbass
Billy Mays movie in the works ?
Dailystab has learned that a major motion picture company may be negotiating the rights to a potential movie of Billy Mays life to be appropriately titled “ Billy Mays Here ” and they ’re looking at funny man Steve Carell to play the high profile pitchman .
Carell , who co-wrote the original screenplay for the summer box - office smash , ‘ The 40 Year Old Virgin ‘ and was recently celebrated as ‘ funniest man ’ on the cover of Life Magazine , would portray Mays as he travels across the United States for several years , selling various items before he was hired to sell OxiClean and other products on the Home Shopping Network .
There are also hints at recreating some episodes of the documentary , ‘ Pitchmen ‘ , with Anthony Sullivan ‘s parts to possibly be cameo by another semi-comedic actor , Owen Wilson .
Now please keep in mind , this is from the same tipster that told you Christian Bale is in talks to star In Terminator 4 , which we took quite a beating on .
We took heat for weeks and needless to say our backs were against the wall and “ When I ’m up against a wall , that ’s when Billy Mays performs best . ”
1. INTRODUCTION
In Italy the Germans have been using a mobile steel pillbox , nicknamed the " Armored Crab , " which made its first appearance on the Russian front in 1943 .
This pillbox ( see figure ) is mounted in an inverted position on wheels , and usually is hauled by tractor to a designated site , where it is overturned into a prepared cavity .
After this , the exposed upper half of the pillbox ( which is non-rotating ) is camouflaged with rocks , earth , or local vegetation .
The pillbox accommodates two men , and is armed an M.G. 42 .
2. TABLE OF CHARACTERISTICS
The following characteristics of the German mobile steel pillbox are worth noting :
a. Dimensions
Overall height . . . . . . . . . . 6 ft 3 in Overall length . . . . . . . . . . 5 ft 10 in Overall width . . . . . . . . . . 5 ft 7 in Interior height . . . . . . . . . . 6 ft 1 in Interior length . . . . . . . . . . 5 ft 1/2 in Interior width . . . . . . . . . . 5 ft 3 in Door . . . . . . . . . . 1 ft 11 in by 1 ft 11 in Gun slit . . . . . . . . . . 3 in by 5 in Vision slit ( front ) . . . . . . . . . . 2 in by 5 in Openings for periscopes . . . . . . . . . . 4 in diameter Ventilation slit . . . . . . . . . . 8 1/4 in by 2 1/2 in
b. Armor
Front . . . . . . . . . . 7 1/2 in Rear and sides . . . . . . . . . . 1 3/4 in Top . . . . . . . . . . 1 3/4 in Door . . . . . . . . . . 1 in
3. DESCRIPTIVE NOTES
In the front of the pillbox , there is a small embrasure for the machine gun , with an observation peephole above .
When necessary , these openings are covered outside by a heavy metal shield , which can be moved either to the right or left of the embrasure by means of a lever inside the pillbox .
On top of the pillbox are two collapsible periscopes , also regulated from the interior .
The entrance to the pillbox is a small door in the rear ; this is locked from the inside by means of two brackets .
The machine gun is mounted on a single bracket mounting which allows a free horizontal traverse on a semicircular grooved slide .
The field of fire is 60 degrees .
Elevation and depression , which are limited , are accomplished by a small handle to the left of the machine gun .
Forward of the machine - gun trigger , there is a leather cover to channel off the gases from the gun and also to receive spent cartridges .
Attached to the cover is a metal tube .
In turn , this tube is connected to a metal box fastened to the floor .
The gases are expelled by a small fan situated beside the metal box .
The fan is operated by two small foot pedals , one on each side of the pillbox .
Each pedal may be worked independently .
Air is expelled through a slit above , and to the right of , the door .
Fresh air enters through a vent in the ceiling .
Two folding seats are provided for the crew .
There are two iron rungs which serve as steps to facilitate entering and leaving .
Two leather straps are hung from the ceiling , near the periscope openings .
At the rear of the pillbox , and near the top , there are two holes into which steel bars may be inserted to lift the pillbox on and off its trailer .
When these holes are not in use , they are closed by metal plugs .
Ammunition is stored on shelves below the machine gun , in the forward part of the pillbox .
There are also two boxes for tools and spare parts for the gun .
Space is provided for a field telephone .
4. HOW THE RUSSIANS COMBAT IT
KINGSTON , Ontario ( CNN ) -- For Shona
Holmes , simple pleasures such as playing with her dog or walking in her plush garden are a gift .
Canadian Shona Holmes , who had a brain tumor , sought medical care in the United States .
After suffering from crushing headaches and vision problems , she was diagnosed with a brain tumor four years ago .
She was told if it was n't removed , she could go blind or even die .
" They said to me that you had a brain tumor and it was pressing on your optic chasm and that it needed to come out immediately , " Holmes said .
Holmes is Canadian , but the " they " she refers to are doctors at the Mayo Clinic in the United States , where she turned after specialists in her own government - run health care system would not see her fast enough .
" My family doctor at that time tried to get me in to see an endocrinologist and a neurologist , " Holmes recalled .
" It was going to be four months for one specialist and six months for the other . "
Watch Holmes talk about her experience in getting treatment »
Even with the warning from U.S. doctors in hand , Holmes said she still could n't get in to see Canadian specialists .
Because the government system is the only health care option for Canadians , she says she had no choice but to have the surgery in the U.S .
Her treatment at the Mayo Clinic in Arizona cost $ 100,000 , and she and her husband put a second mortgage on their home and borrowed from family and friends to pay for it .
When she recounts that part of her painful story , she weeps .
" That 's the stuff that I find so tragic -- having dinner with my friends and I know how much money I owe them , " Holmes says , tears streaming down her face .
With the health care reform debate raging in the U.S. , Republicans in Washington are seizing on Holmes ' story and other accounts from Canada to warn against government involvement in the health care system .
The Senate 's top Republican , Mitch McConnell , R- Kentucky , asserted several times on the Senate floor last month that a government - run health insurance option , which President Obama and Democrats want , could lead to a government - controlled health care system like Canada's .
Watch McConnell talk about Canada 's health care system
McConnell singled out Kingston General Hospital in Ontario as a prime example of what Americans should be fearful of : staggering delays in treatment .
CNN went to Kingston General and played a DVD for its chief of staff Dr. David Zelt of McConnell slamming the hospital .
Zelt insists McConnell 's numbers -- an average of 340 days wait time for knee replacements , 196 days for hip replacements -- are an exaggeration .
" I find it very frustrating that someone of that stature would not really have true knowledge of the numbers he is actually quoting on things , " Zelt told us , saying the average wait time for a knee replacement is actually 109 days , and a hip replacement is 91 days .
Watch Zelt talk about Canada 's health care system »
However , Zelt does concede that in Canada 's system , where every Canadian citizen is covered , there are limited resources , shortages and often delays .
" In our health care system , we 're looking at what we have to do to prioritize patients -- critically ill versus purely elective surgeries , " Zelt said .
" I 'm not going to say we do n't have issues with timeliness for some things .
It does happen .
But again take the other side of the coin -- these patients have access .
They 're on somebody 's waiting list if they have a problem , and I think the senator would need to look at that issue .
Yes it may take time , but they will get seen . "
McConnell 's remarks have not only ruffled feathers with Ontario 's doctors but also with government officials across the border .
Canadian Sen. Hugh Segal , whom we met up with at Kingston 's picturesque waterfront , says his " fellow conservatives " to the south are dead wrong about Canada 's health care system .
" The notion that we have some bureaucrat standing next to every doctor between the patient and that doctor is a complete creation , there is no truth to that at all , " Segal said .
Watch Canadian senator challenge McConnell 's assertions »
" What you have is a longer life span , better outcomes and about one - third less costs .
That 's what you have . "
What Segal , Zelt and other Canadian officials underscore is that their government - run system is driven by the value of the care and that the quantity of tests and procedures do n't necessarily equal quality .
" You can have a patient from the hospital with abdominal pain as an example , and you can run him through every high - tech equipment , CT scan , MRIs -- it 's unlimited , " Zelt said .
" But then you have to take a step back and look at that .
What 's the cost of doing those types of investigations , and what 's the value really added to the patient ? "
Despite Shona Holmes ' horror story about her inability to get timely treatment for a brain tumor , Canadian officials and doctors insist most life - threatening cases are treated quickly .
Toronto's Doug Wright can attest to that .
The 40 - year - old father of three young boys found out last month he has cancer -- a tumor on his leg .
But he says he never had to wait more than five days to see a specialist or get a test .
And from diagnosis to surgery , it will be just over a month .
" The community medical system thought this process could not have been any better .
I have not had to wait to see some of the best specialists in the country , who are renowned internationally , " Wright said .
Watch Wright talk about his treatment »
An investment adviser , Wright has the money to go to the U.S. for his care , but says there is no need .
But Wright recognizes one reason he has gotten such a rapid response from Canadian doctors is because he has cancer .
" The bad news is I did n't have to wait for anything , because you do n't have to wait when it 's a serious issue , " he said .
Still , people can wait for months , or even years , for elective surgery .
Wright 's friend Rick Hession has a heart condition that could cause a stroke , but he has a three - month wait or more for an operation to help correct it .
He says he can't exercise the way he would like to until he gets the surgery , but he 's willing to wait .
He calls it a small price to pay for free health coverage for all Canadians .
" I'm OK with it , and I think most people I talk to find they really are [ willing to wait ] , " says Hession .
Watch Hession talk about waiting for treatment »
The reality is that despite GOP rhetoric to the contrary , no Democratic plan now on the table calls for a Canadian - like government run health care system .
But in talking to doctors , government officials and even average Canadians , they concede their system is far from perfect , but there is one statistic they are quite proud of : All Canadians have health coverage .
That 's 33 million people , compared with the 47 million uninsured in the U.S .
All About Canada • Mitch McConnell • Health Care Costs • Health Care Policy • Health Care Issues
You know how you 're watching a programme on TV and there 's a moment that 's absolutely hilarious - so funny that you just have to tell your friends about it .
But how would you point them to the exact moment in the programme ?
You could call them and say " You just have to see the kosher chicken scene in The Apprentice - it 's about , oh , um , around 25 minutes into the programme .
Somewhere around there - you can't miss it ! " .
Not exactly practical .
If only you could send them a link that took them directly to the exact moment in the programme ...
Well , now you can , thanks to a BBC iPlayer feature we recently introduced which allows you to create links that jump directly to any time within a programme .
For example , I loved Steve Hughes in Michael McIntyre 's brilliant Comedy Roadshow - see him here : https://bbc.co.uk/i/lbtbg/?t=16m51s
You 'll notice that the above link is nice and short , making it perfect for Twitter posts or pasting into an email .
We created our own " short URL " system to save you the trouble of having to use a 3rd - party service , and also to ensure that your users see a trusted bbc.co.uk link instead of one of those obfuscated short URLs that could take you anywhere .
To use this new functionality , just click the Programme Information link below the video playback window in iPlayer to reveal the new Send to a Friend options :
The new direct link functionality is available at the moment for iPlayer TV programmes .
We hope to add support for radio as soon as we can .
PS : Remember Mr Collins from the BBC's Pride and Prejudice all those years ago ?
Well , while watching our new Psychoville production I was amazed to see David Bamber reprising his Mr Collins role - see for yourself : https://bbc.co.uk/i/l9n18/?t=21m29s
Anthony Rose is Controller , Online Media Group and Vision , BBC FM&T
" Frida " chronicles the life Frida Kahlo shared unflinchingly and openly with Diego Rivera , as the young couple took the art world by storm .
From her complex and enduring relationship with her mentor and husband to her illicit and controversial affair with Leon Trotsky , to her provocative and romantic entanglements with women , Frida Kahlo lived a bold and uncompromising life as a political , artistic , and sexual revolutionary .
Written by Anonymous
Kurt Nimmo
Prison Planet.com
Friday , July 17 , 2009
Rep. Joseph Pitts , a Republican from Pennsylvania , had a strong reaction to Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg ’s comments about doing away with useless eaters “ we do n’t want to have too many of . ”
Pitts declared Ginsburg ’s “ eugenics way of thinking debases all human life ” and he expressed shock that a Supreme Court justice would suggest certain categories of people are not worthy of life and should have been aborted .
On July 9 , Infowars posted an article about Ginsburg ’s comments that were contained in a New York Times interview .
At the time , there was a prevailing and yet predictable silence on the part of the corporate media in response to the SCOTUS eugenicist .
“ The mainstream media has been missing in action once again , by completely ignoring an astonishing comment made by Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg concerning the ostensible reasons — in her opinion , rooted in eugenics — for the ruling in Roe v. Wade , ” John Kinsellagh wrote for the Examiner on July 13 .
On July 14 , a blog on the U.S. News & World Report website attempted to explain Ginsburg ’s “ curious comment . ”
Dan Gilgoff mentioned that “ conservatives ” have “ pounced on the lines as evidence that Ginsburg supports eugenics , or selective human breeding . ”
Gilgoff added that there was “ much less chatter about this on liberal blogs , but Media Matters argues that Ginsburg was speaking about public opinion about Roe and abortion , not about her own opinion . ”
In other words , according to Media Matters , it is not Ginsberg who is the eugenicist , but the American people .
“ Ginsburg is n’t 100 percent clear that she ’s personally sympathetic to the view that abortion should be used to control the growth of certain populations , ” Gilgoff concludes .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
The notorious neocon editorialist Jonah Goldberg , writing for the Los Angeles Times on July 14 , frames Ginsburg ’s comments all too predictably .
“ One senses that if Antonin Scalia had offered such a comment , a Times interviewer would have sought more clarity , particularly on the racial characteristics of these supposedly unwanted populations , ” he writes .
Goldberg should be lauded for mentioning eugenics and Margaret Sanger .
However , the neocon is more interested in bashing so - called “ liberals ” ( Goldberg considers himself a “ conservative ” ) and less interested in exposing the fact that support for eugenics is not divided by political partisanship and is an exhaustively documented fetish of the ruling elite and their minions such as Ginsburg .
Goldberg cannot resist rolling Sonia Sotomayor into the mix .
“ I for one would like to know whether Ginsburg believes there were — or are — some populations in need of shrinking through abortion and whether she thinks such considerations have any place at the Supreme Court , ” he writes .
“ And while we ’re at it , it would be interesting to know what Supreme Court nominee Sonia Sotomayor thinks about such things . ”
In fact , eugenics has nothing to do with Sonia Sotomayor , supposed liberals or self righteous neocon- conseravtives like Jonah Goldberg — in the modern context , it was created and supported by the aristocratic and wealthy elite of America and Europe , the same people who created the false right - left paradigm Goldberg so predictably falls for ( one might conclude it is his life ’s calling ) .
As Daniel Taylor notes , modern eugenics was fostered primarily by the Rockefellers and the Carnegies .
In 1902 , Andrew Carnegie founded the Carnegie Institute and funded the Eugenics Record Office in America .
The office operated from Cold Spring Harbor in New York .
Eugenics policies , which led to the sterilization of thousands of Americans , were developed there .
In 1973 , the Rockefeller Foundation again gave $ 500,000 to the Population Council and $ 25,000 to the Population Crisis Committee , while the Rockefeller Brothers Fund gave $ 250,000 to the Population Council , and $ 250,000 to the Population Institute .
Abortion is at the very center of the modern eugenics movement .
“ Birth control and abortion are turning out to be great eugenic advances of our time , ” declared Frederick Osborn of the Society for the Study of Social Biology in 1973 ( the organization had changed its name from the American Eugenics Society ) .
“ If they had been advanced for eugenic reasons it would have retarded or stopped their acceptance . ”
Osborn was put in charge of the Population Council , a group organized and funded by John D. Rockefeller III .
In 1956 , Osborn addressed the British eugenics society and affirmed his belief in “ Galton ’s dream ” and proposed what he called “ voluntary unconscious selection ” by changing laws , customs and social expectations , according to Rebecca R. Messall .
Sir Francis Galton is considered the father of the eugenics movement .
Ruth Bader Ginsburg ’s comments provide a small window into the diabolical thinking of her masters .
It is wholly predictable the corporate media and “ liberal ” and “ conservative ” bloggers have attempted to render it a political football instead of revealing the true nature of eugenics — it is the ultimate dream of the ruling elite to cull the useless eaters and the unwanted herd and political ideology is entirely secondary to the realization of their horrific and genocidal dream .
This article was posted : Friday , July 17 , 2009 at 12:32 pm
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
DÜSSELDORF .
Die Bundeskanzlerin und die Ministerien schöpfen die gebotenen Chancen des Internets nicht annähernd aus , um die Politik für den Bürger greifbar zu machen .
Zu diesem Ergebnis kommt eine aktuelle Studie des Think - Tanks Politik - digital .
Zwar sei die Regierung mit einem " Basisgerüst " im Netz präsent , doch ein modernes Layout und Angebote , die auch den Bürger und seine Meinung miteinbeziehen , seien noch kein Standard .
Angela Merkel etwa wendet sich mit dem Video - Podcast " Die Kanzlerin direkt " an die Internetnutzer , diese können die Videos jedoch nicht kommentieren oder in ihrem eigenen Weblog einbinden .
" Der Podcast behält daher den einkanaligen Charakter einer Fernsehansprache bei " , kritisiert die Studie .
Das Bundeswirtschaftsministerium betreibt zwar ein Forum , Politiker debattieren dort allerdings nicht mit .
Auf den offiziellen Regierungswebseiten tauschen sich also lediglich Bürger mit Bürgern aus .
Aus Sicht von Politik - digital vergibt die Regierung damit die Möglichkeit , Politik transparenter zu gestalten .
" Unmittelbare und unkonventionelle Dialogformen erzeugen psychologische Effekte " sagt der Leiter der Studie , Stefan Gehrke , dem Handelsblatt .
" Der Bürger fühlt weniger Distanz zum politischen Geschehen und erfährt Wertschätzung . "
Der Geschäftsführer von Politik - digital macht vor allem die Angst vor Kontrollverlust in den Ministerien für das Fehlen von Rückkanälen verantwortlich .
Doch künftig muss sich die Regierung verstärkt um Informations - und Beteiligungsformate im Netz kümmern , will sie den Politikverdruss eindämmen und internetaffine junge Menschen überhaupt noch erreichen .
Bei einer aktuellen Befragung im Auftrag von Google Deutschland gaben mehr als 60 Prozent der Jungwähler an , sich häufig oder sehr häufig per Internet über politische Vorgänge zu informieren .
Die Studie " Regierungskommunikation 2020 " von Politik - digital tadelt jedoch nicht nur die Internetbemühungen von Kanzlerin und Ministerien .
Sie streicht auch besonders vorbildliche Angebote hervor .
Ganz vorn sind demnach das Innen - und das Umweltministerium , wenn es darum geht , den Bürgern einen direkten Onlinedialog jenseits des typischen Kontaktformulars zu bieten .
Finanzminister Peer Steinbrück beantwortet auf fuer - alle - da.de persönlich Bürgeranfragen in Videobotschaften und chattet auch regelmäßig .
Außerdem zeigt ein " Staun - Oh ! - Mat " , wofür wie viele Steuergelder ausgegeben werden .
Das Wirtschaftsministerium lockt mit Onlinespielen zum Thema Energie .
Doch Politik - digital warnt , dass gerade im Internet Tonalität und Ansprechhaltung authentisch sein müssen .
Ein " unpassend jugendliches " oder " modernes " Verhalten der Regierung könne schnell als " aufgesetzt und anbiedernd " empfunden werden , heißt es.
Damit keine Peinlichkeiten entstehen - auf beiden Seiten - empfiehlt Gehrke einen Verhaltenskodex wie ihn die britische Regierung bereits verabschiedet hat .
" Solche Spielregeln geben der Regierung und den Bürgern Sicherheit , was sie von der Online - Kommunikation erwarten können " , meint Gehrke .
In welchem Maße die Politik direkt ansprechbar sein muss , darüber scheiden sich indes die Geister .
Politikwissenschaftler Klaus Kamps etwa glaubt nicht , dass die Regierungsmitglieder permanent vom Bürgerwillen umgetrieben sein sollten : " Gute Politik braucht auch mal Ruhe . "
Previous coverage :
• Sparks fly at Cuyahoga County commissioners meeting as Republican leader challenges Jimmy Dimora
• Read the main story about the charges and find links to all the coverage .
• Explore all of The Plain Dealer 's continuing coverage of the county investigation .
• Read the court filing ( pdf )
• Read a transcript of the exchange between county Republican Party Chairman Rob Frost and the commissioners .
UPDATED : Cuyahoga County Commissioner Jimmy Dimora rejects call to step down , rants against critics
CLEVELAND — Commissioner Jimmy Dimora will not resign .
In a 20 - minute diatribe during a packed commissioners ' meeting this morning , Dimora -- the focus of a federal public corruption probe -- blasted the Republican Party , its Cuyahoga County chairman , Rob Frost , and The Plain Dealer .
" I have n't done anything wrong , " the Democrat said as he flipped through notes on a yellow legal pad .
" I am innocent . "
Watch more video
Cuyahoga County Commissioner Jimmy Dimora responds to critics
Cuyahoga County Commissioner Jimmy Dimora goes on the offensive
Commissioner Dimora addresses GOP county chairman Rob Frost
Dimora 's news conference
Dimora , one of three county commissioners , voted on all but one of the board 's decisions this morning , abstaining from one contract because it is connected to the legal firm he hired for his defense in the investigation .
He did vote on an amendment to award Ozanne Construction Co. a $ 2.4 amendment to a contract for additional work on the Juvenile Justice Center .
Dimora has not been charged or convicted of a crime .
Documents related to charges against Democrat J. Kevin Kelley and three other party insiders describe a seven - year pattern of corruption by someone identified as Public Official 1 .
The description of that official identifies him as Dimora .
This morning , Dimora remained quiet for most of the meeting .
When two citizens came to the podium to make statements about the investigation and allegations of bribery , commission President Tim Hagan fired back .
" This is not a court of law .
We are not investigating , " Hagan said .
" We intend to conduct the business of county government . "
But when Frost asked Dimora to resign , he launched into a litany of allegations , ranging from fraud dealing with the Board of Election 's purchase of electronic voting machines , to county reform , to trips to Vegas .
He also ranted in his own defense .
He said that on 95 percent of votes , he has voted with Hagan and Commissioner Peter Lawson Jones .
On 97 percent of them , he voted for the lowest bidder .
And he said he has never appealed to either of his co-commissioners to vote for a contract or ro hire an employee .
None of his relatives work for departments controlled by the commissioners , he said .
Afterward , answering questions from a throng of reporters , he said he was n't worried about possible wiretaps on his phone .
He said he has no idea if he 'll be indicted .
" I 'm going to show up , do my job and keep voting on the issues before me because that 's what I was elected to do . "
Seattle writer / professional dominatrix 's personal musings , rants and life - trivia ...
Updates here are rare , but I tweet prolifically , here .
BIBLIOGRAPHY
Clay , G. Thomas , and Preston G. Smith .
" Rapid Prototyping Accelerates the Design Process . "
Machine Design . 9 March 2000 .
Dematteis , Bob .
From Patent to Profit : Secrets and Strategies for the Successful Inventor .
Square One Publishers , 2005 .
Dorf , Richard C , and Thomas H. Byers .
Technology Ventures : From Idea to Enterprise .
McGraw - Hill , 2005 .
" From Concept to Crystal Clear Prototype . "
Business Week. 28 August 2000 .
Gross , Neil .
" Rapid Prototyping Gets Faster and Cheaper . "
Business Week . 1 December 2003 .
Holay , Sanjay .
" Building An Idea Store : Transforming ideas into product prototypes . "
Stagnito's New Products Magazine .
June 2004 .
Schrage , Michael .
" How Prototypes Can Change Your Business . "
Across the Board .
January 2000 .
You may win a trip to Fort Lauderdale , FL and see Depeche Mode in concert !
MUSIC NEWS - Our friends at I HEART RADIO have reminded us about their cool DEPECHE MODE contest .
DM is touring to support the release of their new SOUNDS OF THE UNIVERSE album .
Enter for a chance to win a trip to Fort Lauderdale and see Depeche Mode in concert !
The Grand Prize package consists of a trip for two ( 2 ) to the Depeche Mode concert in Fort Lauderdale , FL on September 5 , 2009 .
The trip consists of round - trip airfare from a U.S. metropolitan airport closest to winner ’s residence for the winner and one ( 1 ) guest to Fort Lauderdale , FL , two ( 2 ) nights hotel accommodations , and two ( 2 ) tickets to the Depeche Mode concert ( approximate retail value : $ 2000.00 ) .
Prize provided by Live Nation .
To enter and see rules , click here .
See recent Depeche Mode news .
During World War II the crime of Treason in a time of war , was a hanging offence .
As most Americans might remember , as Cheney Bush & Rumsfeld told us daily during their collective reign at the helm , that " this nation is at war ! "
Or " In this time of war , sacrifices must be made . "
Okay , so what is the penalty for traitors that commit treason in this " Time of War " ?
What about those who collaborate with traitors that are committing acts of treason in the current " time of war " ?
It 's a serious question , but those who would have been charged with investigating these actions [ congress ] are themselves part of the treasonable collaboration , with those particular figureheads that did indeed commit treason , thousands of times , in this time of war :
So where does that leave us now ?
Who shall be held to answer for all the maimed , the displaced , and the dead on all sides of these totally criminal wars over the last eight years that have in fact had no national or international justification whatsoever ?
How will we ever explain our actions to our children , provided of course that we survive these Wars of the New Millennium long enough for our children to reach the age where they can question anything at all ?
What about those that have been guilty of war - profiteering , in this " time of war " ?
George Bush 's grand - daddy ; Prescott Bush was found guilty of trading with the enemy , and funding the Nazi War Machine during WWII - yet while Prescott was charged and found guilty he did not go to jail - is this how we are going to allow this current crop of New Millennium War Criminals to be treated , or will we ever be able to hold anyone , to any accountability , for anything at all - ever ?
( 1 ) Our cities are beginning to resemble the back - lot - sets of low - budget films ; and the strays from the herd that wander through what 's left of our streets , begin to look more and more like extras from a Fellini production of something called " No Way Out " !
As the days grow shorter the cast of characters behaves with ever more abandon on the one hand , and yet so many remain totally disconnected from the hard - bitten truths that have consumed the landscape and blurred all the definitions between everything that lives amid the ruins - like a rancid - blanket suspended in a toxic - fog that wraps us all in stultifying silence .
Throughout this scene from an un-written Twilight Zone , the herd waits patiently for the final cut from the axe of this fascist government that will end so many lives , while it will just prolong the agony for millions of others .
There was a time when formal education had to be tempered by the experience that came with having lived an active life .
There were limits on how much lawlessness would be tolerated , and consequences were required of every leader .
All that is apparently gone now because there is no room in the new equation , for any of those ancient guiding principles , by which whole societies once lived .
But Hey - Things ' CHANGE , ' you know !
But do they really change , or will this too just be more " business as usual " when it comes to the rich and powerful that pull the strings and create the plays designed by the Illuminati and the New World Order ?
On June 26 , congress slammed home another trident into the corpse of American society with their passage of HR 2454 : The American Clean Air & Security Act .
' The security aspect is hidden in the way in which this crime came into being .
May 15 it was introduced to congress and is about 400 pages long .
By June 19 after going to many committees , it emerges as 946 pages of legislation .
When it 's presented to Congress on Monday the 22nd , it 's 1201 pages long .
The legislation that was voted on ( June 26 ) was reportedly over 1400 pages long .
Oddly enough this is exactly the same size legislation that was passed on the Stimulus Package that your congressman never read either , and now has one - half of one - percent of that trillion dollars that is in our economy , supposedly stimulating it .
Where 's the rest of it - who knows !
Congress gets a 1400 page document that they do n't know what 's in it .
They do n't know where this money 's going .
Rumor has it that 80 % of it is going to special interest groups , who twisted arms to get your congressman to vote for this thing .
" All I know is this ; in the middle of the world 's worst economic collapse in its history , we are proposing and passing legislation that is absolutely guaranteed to turn this country into a third world nation - at best !
I want to talk about the term " systemic " , because this term is bantered about and used constantly , and its probably accurate ; and you should get used to the word because in very short order - look at what your government has done .
You 're about to pass a piece of legislation that says everything that comes out of your house , everything that comes out of your mouth , out of your car , out of the factory you work in is SYSTEMIC to the environment - so we need to tax it and control it .
They 're about to give the Federal Reserve the Shadow Government of this country , the power to regulate ANYTHING that is SYSTEMIC to the economy :
Which includes anything that you do , the place where you do go to work .
So now you got them controlling the dollars coming in , the dollars going out , the carbon coming in , the carbon going out .
And oh yeah - let 's do this too , let 's pass legislation to the tune of ten trillion dollars over the next decade , that says that the government needs to take care of your health care as well .
Now what 's going to happen ?
When you 're in the last six months of your life , when 80 % of your health care is spent - all of a sudden you become a SYSTEMIC - RISK to the health care system , and to the economic system and to the environmental system !
Do n't you see it - it 's right in front of your face ?
( 2 ) It 's a power grab , it 's on three fronts and they 're winning .
No .
Strike that - they 've won !
There 's no stopping this tide , there 's no stopping this Tsunami , that 's washing over this country right now .
The only thing you can do for it is prepare .
Prepare mentally , prepare your friends and family as best you can and let them know not to believe the crap they see on TV - Don't worry about the dead celebrities - worry about the living humans that are in your life .
This is happening and any of amount of denial is n't going to change that .
That 's all I got ~ " ( 3 ) Is this form of fascism not a war - crime ; is this designed - destruction of all that most people hold dear - not treason ?
Or does treason only involve illegal and unilateral war - making upon nations that have done nothing militarily to the USA ?
Whatever the answer to that question might be , it is clear that America has been under direct attack on all fronts for the last nine years - and it is also clear that the public has aided and abetted the criminal powers that undertook these attacks in every conceivable way .
When shall we say " Enough is Enough - let 's hang the bastards now ! " kirwanstudios@sbcglobal.net
1 ) Bush Prescott Nazi Connection http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1D6fxyOtVeI
2 ) The Population Reduction Agenda for Dummies http://www.prisonplanet.com/the-population-reduction-agenda-for-dummies.html
3 ) Its Happening http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qt4R6TQJjg8&feature=channel_page?
Hi
I have been playing around with NyARToolkit 's CPP implementation in the last week , and I got some nice results .
I tried to keep it as " casual " as I could and not get into the crevices of every library , instead , I wanted to get results and fast .
First , NyARToolkit is a derivative of the wonderful ARToolkit by the talented people @ HIT Lab NZ & HIT Lab Uni of Washington .
NyARToolkit however was ported to many other different platforms , like Java , C# and even Flash ( Papervision3D ? ) , and in the process making it object oriented , instead of ARToolkit procedural approach .
NyARToolkit have made a great job , so I decided to build from there .
NyART do n't provide any video capturing , and no 3D rendering in their CPP implementation ( they do in the other ports ) , so I set out to build it on my own .
OpenCV is like a second language to me , so I decided to take its video grabbing mechanism wrapper for Win32 .
For 3D rendering I used the straightforward GLUT library which does an excellent job ridding the programmer from all the Win#@$ #@ API mumbo- jumbo - CreateWindowEx crap .
So let 's dive in ....
Couple of steps needed to be done :
[ Preprocessing - calibrating camera ...]
Initialize stuff & grab video .
Use NyART to detect marker and get exrinsic camera parameters .
" Calibrate " 3D world to fit camera .
Draw 3D scene on - top of video input .
Initialization : easy ...
I used cvCapture & cvGrabFrame , this is extremely easy .
However , the frames in Win environment are always grabbed up side down .
So we need to take care of image -> origin .
capture = cvCaptureFromCAM ( '0 ' ) ; cvNamedWindow ( " input " ) ; frame = cvQueryFrame ( capture ) ; if ( frame ) { if ( ra == NULL ) { ra = new NyARRgbRaster_BGRA ( frame -> width , frame -> height ) ; ap.changeScreenSize( frame -> width , frame -> height ) ; ar = new NyARSingleDetectMarker ( ap , code , 80.0 ) ; code=NULL ; ar->setContinueMode ( false ) ; arglCameraFrustumRH( ap,1.0,100.0 , camera_proj ) ; } if ( !image ) { CvSize s = cvGetSize ( frame ) ; image = cvCreateImage(s , 8 , 3 ) ; image -> origin = frame -> origin ; bgra_img = cvCreateImage (s , 8,4 ) ; bgra_img -> origin = frame -> origin ; gray = cvCreateImage (s , 8,1 ) ; gray -> origin = frame -> origin ; flipped = cvCreateImage (s , 8,3 ) ; ra->setBuffer (( NyARToolkitCPP::NyAR_BYTE_t*)bgra_img->imageData ) ; } win_w = frame -> width ; win_h = frame -> height ; }
I use 4 IplImages :
frame buffer ( 3 channels ) , flipped ( 3 channels ) , which is the properly aligned frame to be used as the background for the OpenGL scene grayscale ( 1 channel ) , which provides beter results for marker detecting , And - bgra image ( 4 channels ) , to align with NyART 's BGRA raster
Note that I can only initialize NyARRgbRaster_BGRA & NyARSingleDetectMarker after grabbing the first frame , as I need the width & height of the video stream .
You can bypass this by querying the CvCapture object directly .
Also , note the shared buffer between the RGBA raster and bgra_image .
I say that shared buffers are very helpful , sparing all the useless bit shuffling ... you should try and use them if you can .
Another thing to notice is the loading of the camera matrix by using ARToolkit 's arglCameraFrustumRH function .
NyART also has this function , but I used the more native version by ARTk as it uses float [ ] and not float* , which is easier to handle and debug .
Finally , some OpenGL initialization code :
mesh = loadFromFile("c:/downloads/apple.obj " ) ; glShadeModel( GL_FLAT ) ; glClearColor ( 0.0f , 0.0f , 0.0f , 0.5f ) ; glClearDepth ( 1.0f ) ; glDepthFunc( GL_LEQUAL ) ; glHint( GL_PERSPECTIVE_CORRECTION_HINT , GL_NICEST ) ;
This came flying out of NeHe 's number 2 lesson for GLUT .
Except for loadFromFile , which is a small framework I wrote to load .obj files - I 'll speak of it later as well .
OK , done with initialization , on to ...
Detecting the marker :
Well , NyARTk are taking care of all that :
bool doMult = false ; frame = cvQueryFrame ( capture ) ; if ( frame ) { cvCopy ( frame , image ) ; cvCvtColor ( image , gray , CV_RGB2GRAY ) ; cvCvtColor ( gray , bgra_img , CV_GRAY2BGRA ) ; cvCvtColor ( frame , flipped , CV_RGB2BGR ) ; cvFlip ( flipped ) ; cvShowImage ( " input " , gray ) ; if ( ar-> detectMarkerLite ( * ra , 100 ) ) { ar->getTransmationMatrix( result_mat ) ; // printf ( " Marker confidence
cf=%f , direction=%d
" , ar->getConfidence ( ) , ar->getDirection ( ) ) ; // printf ( " Transform Matrix
" ) ; //printf ( // " % 4.8f , % 4.8f , % 4.8f , % 4.8f
" // " % 4.8f , % 4.8f , % 4.8f , % 4.8f
" // " % 4.8f , % 4.8f , % 4.8f , % 4.8f
" , // result_mat.m00,result_mat.m01,result_mat.m02,result_mat.m03 , // result_mat.m10,result_mat.m11,result_mat.m12,result_mat.m13 , // result_mat.m20,result_mat.m21,result_mat.m22,result_mat.m23 ) ; doMult = true ; } }
This is pretty straightforward ...
I grab the frame , convert it to grayscale and then to BGRA ( and via the shared buffer into the NyART BGRA raster ) , and use detectMarkerLite on the raster .
As you remember , the marker detection is giving us the extrinsic camera properties , which means location in the world and rotation .
Now this has to be input into OpenGL scene rendering to match the virtual camera with the real life camera .
Draw the feed from the camera as the background
But first , we need to draw the video frame as the background for the 3D scene :
glMatrixMode ( GL_PROJECTION ) ; glPushMatrix ( ) ; glLoadIdentity ( ) ; gluOrtho2D ( 0.0 , win_w , 0.0 , win_h ) ; glMatrixMode ( GL_MODELVIEW ) ; glPushMatrix ( ) ; glLoadIdentity ( ) ; glDrawPixels ( win_w , win_h , GL_RGB , GL_UNSIGNED_BYTE , flipped->imageData ) ; glMatrixMode ( GL_PROJECTION ) ; glPopMatrix ( ) ; glMatrixMode ( GL_MODELVIEW ) ; glPopMatrix ( ) ; glEnable ( GL_DEPTH_TEST ) ; glDepthFunc( GL_LEQUAL ) ;
This is done by going to orthographic mode using gluOrtho2D , and drawing the pixels using glDrawPixels with flipped 's buffer .
Set the OpenGL virtual camera to align with the real life camera
Next , we need to alter the camera to match the scene :
if( doMult ) { glMatrixMode ( GL_PROJECTION ) ; glLoadMatrixd ( camera_proj ) ; glMatrixMode ( GL_MODELVIEW ) ; glLoadIdentity ( ) ; float m [ 16 ] = { 0.0 f} ; m[ 0 ] = 1.0 f ; m [ 5 ] = 1.0 f ; m [ 10 ] = 1.0 f ; m[ 15 ] = 1.0f ; toCameraViewRH( result_mat , m ) ; glLoadMatrixf ( m ) ; } else { glMatrixMode ( GL_MODELVIEW ) ; glLoadIdentity ( ) ; }
The result from NyARTk is in the global result_mat , and the function toCameraViewRH only takes it and puts in the float [ ] m matrix .
Note that before that I load the camera projection matrix , this can probably be done in init ( ) just the same as this matrix does n't change .
Some 3D rendering ...
Then I do some OpenGL drawing ...
glPushMatrix ( ) ; glScalef(.02f,.02 f,.02f ) ; glRotatef ( xrot,0.0f,0.0 f,1.0f ) ; xrot +=5.0f ; glRotated ( 90,1,0,0 ) ; glutSolidCube ( 50.0 ) ; glPopMatrix ( ) ;
A simple rotating GLU cube ...
It 's about time for a video
Framework to load .obj files
The .obj format is a very simple , text - based format of saving 3D models .
You can see the spec here .
The implementation is included in the code , in objloader.cpp .
I should be completely honest , I ripped a small portion of the code from a forum online , and I can't remember or make out where I took it from .
But since I took it I completely refaced the code , and added pretty much everything you see there .
The code
Check out the source from google code : http://code.google.com/p/morethantechnical/source/checkout
Under trunk / NyARToolkit-CPP
Enjoy !
Roy .
Yeah , yeah …it ’s been slow on the celeb pic front since the bikini outbreak last week .
What can I tell you ?
However , this dry spell gives me a chance to debut a girl who should ’ve made an appearance long before now .
Y’all may know her best as the Amish cutie from the movie Sex Drive , but she ’s been in other stuff .
Hopefully Alice gets more work in the near future , ‘ cuz I think she ’s adorable .
What a smile ! ^_^
ps . Sorry pedos , she ’s not nearly as young as she looks .
And here we thought that UK pub closings , at the rate of 52 - per- week , had something to do with the recession , or perhaps a desire to drink out in the alleyway .
But maybe there 's a more sinister explanation : price manipulation !
Are small pubs getting screwed to the tune of 50 p per pint ?
UK's
The Guardian reports on this shocking allegation :
Camra [ The Campaign for Real Ale ] blames the dire state of the trade on high rents and " tied " arrangements , under which licensees must buy beer from pub companies even though they may be able to get it cheaper elsewhere .
About half of UK pubs are operated under tied arrangements , which Camra reckons inflate beer prices by about 50 p a pint .
" Exploitation of ' beer tie ' agreements and the unfair method of setting pub rents are harming consumers and society as a whole , " said Mike Benner , Camra chief executive .
" We hope that the OFT will act to deliver a fair share for Britain 's 14 million regular pub goers .
Reform of the ' beer tie ' along with a framework of support from government is urgently required to save the pub from extinction . "
Read the whole thing >
Ballots to be mailed beginning October 9
The Johnstown Breeze
Election season is upon us and this year , given the pandemic and political rhetoric , voters likely have more questions than just who they ’ll cast their ballot for .
“ Colorado is known to be the safest place to cast your vote , we have been administering elections by mail ballot since 2013 and have had a good relationship with the United States Postal Service , ” Weld County Clerk and Recorder Carly Koppes said .
“ In the Election Department and as your Clerk and Recorder we are always working to have the utmost integrity in running elections for you the voters .
I encourage anyone with questions or concerns to reach out to us , your local election experts , to have a conversation about how important we understand our role is in having the most secure , transparent , and high integrity elections for you the voters . ”
This is a little late for tillmancan , but can benefit others reading after this posting .
Yes , IF the egg container material is PAPER based , but not the plastic foam , it is perfectly acceptable to plant the egg carton " cup " with your seedling BUT ...
the spacing between plants in the " paper mache " type egg cartons is TOO CLOSE TOGETHER for proper plant spacing once in the garden .
So what I do is , when the seedlings are ready to plant in the garden , I use sissors to cut the " cups " of the egg carton APART , and then plant the cups WITH the contained seedlings at the spacing distance recommended on the seed packet .
IMPORTANT : For this to work , the egg carton cannot be plastic foam , but must be the paper mache type made from ground up paper .
Usually you can identify this as the plastic or paper / cardboard material are clearly identifible by looking at them .
Also usually , the paper type is a grey color , while the plastic ones are usually bright colors , and shiny surfaced .
Wind turbines , roof gardens and solar panels will join the pair of antennas atop the Sears Tower 's staggered rooftops in Chicago , said building officials who announced on Wednesday that the skyscraper would undergo a $ 350 m green renovation .
The five - year project would reduce the tower 's electricity use by 80 % and save 24 million gallons of water a year , building owners and architects said .
Separately , a 50 - storey , 500 - room privately funded luxury hotel with its own green components would be built next to the skyscraper within five years .
" Our plans are very ambitious , " said John Huston of American Landmark Properties , who represents the building ownership .
" Our plans to modernise and transform this icon will re-establish Sears Tower as a leader , a pioneer . "
The environmental upgrades are the latest changes affecting Sears Tower .
In March , London - based Willis Group Holdings announced that the Sears Tower would be renamed Willis Tower later this summer after the company has moved 500 employees into the building .
And construction is under way on the tower 's Skydeck to add four enclosed glass - bottomed balconies .
The green project includes the installation of solar panels on the tower 's 90th floor roof to heat water used in the building .
Different types of wind turbines will be positioned on the tower 's tiered roofs and tested for efficiency .
And between 30,000 square feet ( 2,787 square meters ) and 35,000 square feet ( 3,250 square meters ) of roof gardens will be planted .
" This endeavour is incredibly important as a role model for others to follow , " architect Adrian Smith said .
" We see this as a groundbreaking opportunity . "
Other changes to the 110 - storey skyscraper , the tallest building in the United States , include improvements to the 16,000 window pieces along the outside of the tower to save heating energy ; mechanical system upgrades ; updates to the building 's 104 elevators ; an advanced lighting control system and restroom renovations aimed at saving water .
Officials dispelled rumors the building 's black exterior would be painted silver to increase energy efficiency .
" We do n't have any plans to change colors at this time , " Huston said .
The project should create 3,600 jobs , officials said , and will include a learning centre on the ground floor showcasing green efforts to the public .
Sears Tower first opened in 1973 , designed by the architecture firm Skidmore , Owings and Merril , the same firm that designed the city 's John Hancock Tower .
Sears Roebuck and Co was the building 's original tenant before the department store moved its headquarters to the Chicago suburb of Hoffman Estates in 1992 .
A real estate investment group formed in 2004 now owns the 1,451 - foot ( 442 - metre ) skyscraper .
Officials say they'd like the tower to achieve " LEED " status , otherwise known as Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design , a standard monitored by the US Green Building Council .
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
New Yorkers leaving Penn station and the tenor Andrea Bocelli's concert at Madison Square Garden stadium were confronted with an unusual advert yesterday – a huge sign showing greenhouse gas levels in the atmosphere .
Updated in real time , using projections from monthly measurements of CO 2 and other greenhouse gases by Massachusetts Institute of Technology , the Carbon Counter is designed to get everyone to reduce their emissions .
Kevin Parker , the global head of Deutsche Bank 's asset management division , which put up the 21 - metre sign , said : " Carbon in the atmosphere has reached an 800,000 - year high .
We can't see greenhouse gases , so it is easy to forget that they are accumulating rapidly . "
Yesterday the counter , which uses 40,960 low - energy LEDs and carbon - offsets its electricity usage , gave a figure of 3.64tn tonnes .
At current rates , the counter 's figures are expected to rise by 2bn tonnes a month .
The concentration of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere stands at about 387 parts per million ( ppm ) , up by more than a third on pre-industrial revolution levels of about 280 ppm .
Ronald Prinn , professor of atmospheric science at MIT , explained the data behind the sign : " The number on the counter is based on global measurements .
It shows the total estimated tonnage of greenhouse gases expressed as their equivalent amounts of carbon dioxide , with seasonal and other natural cyclical variations removed to more clearly reveal the underlying long - term trends driven by human and other activity . "
The carbon counter will be updated online at www.know-the-number.com.
A power cut which brought part of a Lincolnshire village to a standstill has been blamed on discarded underwear .
More than a dozen houses and a set of traffic lights in Leadenham were affected on Wednesday , with police being called to direct traffic .
Engineers traced the fault and found a thong had short circuited a power line .
It is believed the clothing was carried by a helium balloon from a nearby party .
It became lodged in the wires and caused a fault when soaked by rain .
Polo party Andrew Barrow , from Central Networks , said : " Flying objects do occasionally cause us problems but in this case it was more risque than risky .
" What we think happened in this case was the offending article was on the line for some time but it was the heavy rain yesterday - wet things conduct electricity - which led to the short circuit . "
He added : " The main thing to say here is that if people do see something on the lines , do n't try and get them down yourselves , that is when it becomes dangerous . "
The finger of suspicion has been pointed at the local polo club 's annual ball .
Emma Rose , from Leadenham Polo Club , said : " It may never be proven exactly where this came from but it could have been our party .
" We think it may have been a joke , with someone taking the item from an overnight bag and setting it on its way . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Yes , it is true , there is something known as baby powder addiction !
Some people are addicted to baby powder , and they eat it .
There are people who say they have been eating it for 30 years , since the age of three .
The level of addiction differs .
Some people need it daily , while some only need it once in a while .
Some others do n’t have a problem – they forget about it , until they happen to see it somewhere .
Here is one addict ’s confession :
“ I , am addicted to baby powder .
I have eaten it since I
was old enough to hold the bottle .
I tried to stop a lot ,
but the problem is that again , when I see it , I cannot
resist .
I love the texture of it . ”
This addiction to baby powder is said to be because of a mineral deficiency .
Whatever the reason , there are some people who will go crazy at the sight of baby powders – who would have thought ?
More than anything else , almost every addict is curious to know the effect it will cause to their health .
No authoritative studies have been done so far , but , based on available data , it is said that is you have asthma , you are better off not tasting baby powder , because it may cause your astham symptoms to worsen .
Banding Hemorrhoids Using the O’Regan Disposable Bander
Surgery Banding Hemorrhoids Using the O’Regan Disposable Bander
a report by
Iain G M Cleator , MB , ChB , FRCS ( c ) , FRCS ( E ) , FACS , FRCS
and Maria M Cleator , MD
Professor Emeritus of Surgery , University of British Columbia
What are Hemorrhoids ?
There are three cushions of tissue at the lower end of the rectum just above the dentate line and about 3 cm from the anal verge .
They are in the left lateral , right posterior and right anterior positions , and consist of vascular complexes intermingled with muscle fibers from the internal sphincter .
Normally , these slip out a little at defecation and retract after providing a cushion or protection for the deeper layers of the anus , and help maintain continence .
These can probably discriminate between solid , liquid , and gas in the lower rectum and are likely important in permitting the passage of flatus without soiling .
In some people , these cushions prolapse more and more , the attachment to the internal sphincter becomes poor , and internal hemorrhoids are formed .
There are a lot of possible causes for this , but the concept that has found the greatest favor is that described by Burkitt1 – low intake of soluble fiber and water .
Internal hemorrhoids are in four degrees .
In the first degree the hemorrhoids bleed , second degree they bleed and prolapse but reduce spontaneously , third - degree hemorrhoids bleed and prolapse and have to be replaced manually , and fourth - degree bleed and incarcerate but can not be reduced .
Pain is not usually found in internal hemorrhoids unless they are fourth - degree .
1
Many patients with internal hemorrhoids form engorged external hemorrhoidal veins under the skin around the anus as time progresses , and this causes the skin to stretch and skin tags are formed that interfere with hygiene and are uncomfortable .
Many patients with internal hemorrhoids also have an anal fissure , usually posteriorly , which can co-exist with the hemorrhoids and in time causes spasm of the internal sphincter resulting in further tearing and ulceration and a lot of pain .
The Device
This is a plastic plunger suction device resembling a syringe , which is applied to each hemorrhoid in turn ,
1 cm above the dentate line , suction induced to cause the bulk of the hemorrhoid cushion to enter the
nozzle , and then release the band to strangulate the hemorrhoid .
Only one band is used to facilitate later
adjustment .
This can be performed under direct visualization with a specially designed proctoscope ( see
Figure 1 ) , or using a ‘ blind ’ technique where the device is inserted to a mark through the anus and directed to one of the hemorrhoid cushions , which is then banded ( see Figure 2 ) .
At the conclusion of this part of the procedure , a gloved finger is introduced into the anus and the band moved with the finger if too much tissue has been grasped , or rolled upwards if it is too low ( see Figure 3 ) .
The band can rarely be removed completely by rolling it off with the examining finger .
In almost all cases , the band is rolled a little to adjust it and make sure that only mucosa , and not the muscle coat , is captured by the band .
This is judged by feeling a sliding of the banded mucosa over the deeper muscle .
If there is significant discomfort the band is always rolled upwards or ( rarely ) re-applied after rolling off the first band .
Usually , only one band is applied at each visit , and the patient is told there will be a feeling of fullness for a day or so but no pain .
The Patients
This is a prospective study of the treatment of hemorrhoids in all patients presenting to the clinic by referral from their family doctor or specialist between November 2002 and December 2004 .
All of the patients had a history and exam including rigid disposable sigmoidoscope and digital rectal examination .
At the end of their treatment course , a stool occult blood test was performed .
Colonoscopy is performed by another specialist in a hospital setting on those patients with diagnosed cancer or polyps or inflammatory bowel disease on exam , or for those with signs of blood loss from higher up .
Colonoscopy performed as a routine , already on a follow - up program , or for strong family history is not included in the statistics .
The Results
There are 1,852 patients in the study ; 926 are female and 926 are male .
The average age is 49.1 years .
There were 5,424 bandings performed in the patients .
Results are summarized in Table 1 .
Although there were only 53 first - degree hemorrhoids , there were 13 cancers or large polyps in this group .
Fifty - seven patients had a first - degree relative with colo-rectal cancer , but none had a large polyp or colo-rectal cancer .
Nine had a history of previous colo-rectal cancer .
Five patients had unexplained weight loss , and two of these had colo- rectal cancer .
Twenty - four patients had a pre-existing infectious disease – HIV , hepatitis A , B , C , or genital herpes or warts , or a combination .
Two of the three cases of anal cancer were in patients with HIV .
Of the patients involved , 155 had a colonoscopy generated directly from findings on rectal , procto - sigmoidoscopy , or fecal occult blood test ( FOBT ) after treating the hemorrhoids , from bleeding seen coming from higher up , or no source found on procto - sigmoidoscopy .
There are 30 patients found to have inflammatory bowel disease , mostly ulcerative colitis , but some post - irradiation colitis .
Forty - seven patients had a large polyp ( 10 ) , rectal cancer ( 26 ) , colon cancer ( eight ) , or anal cancer ( three ) found .
There are still 15 patients awaiting colonoscopy , so these figures may increase .
One patient had an upper gastro - intestinal ( GI ) cancer found .
Thirty - one patients had some degree of incontinence of stool , and all were cured or improved after banding .
Eighty - eight patients developed a recurrence , treated successfully with banding .
Two patients went to surgery for their hemorrhoids .
The complications were as follows ( see Table 1 and 2 ) :
• Eight post - banding bleeds – these were dramatic for the patient but usually settled with telling the patient to lie down and bringing them into the office for evaluation later , finding there was no site for the bleed , or a fissure .
• Two patients were hospitalized ( there was no sepsis ) .
• Three patients had severe pain after banding , which was treated with lidocaine - prilocaine ( EMLA ) cream .
• Five patients had thrombosis of a hemorrhoid after banding , which resolved with time and sitz baths .
There were no other complications .
There were nine patients with coagulation problems , usually because
they were taking coumadin for medical conditions .
Two stopped their coumadin temporarily while being
banded , but all were treated by banding .
There was a minor bleed in one patient , which was treated in the
office with silver nitrate .
Discussion
There is general agreement in the literature that rubber banding of hemorrhoids is safe and effective1,3 and that surgery should be reserved for those who have large third - or fourth - degree hemorrhoids or ‘ mixed ’ hemorrhoids not responding to elastic ligation or those on anti-coagulants .
The complication rates for banding vary from series to series but the common themes of all the follow - ups are bleeding , pain , thrombosis , sepsis , urinary retention , and anal stenosis .
Figure 1 : This Illustrates in Diagrammatic Form the Process of Applying the Band on the Hemorrhoid Using the Proctoscope ( usual technique )
Figure 2 : This is the ‘ Blind ’ Technique Without Using the Proctoscope .
The Anus is Shown Dilated to Demonstrate this More Clearly .
Figure 3 : This Illustrates the Procedure for Rolling the Band when there is Discomfort or the Band Catches the Muscle Coat
Table 1 : Important Findings in the 1,851 Patients in this Report
Number of Patients % of patients Total 1,852 First - degree hemorrhoids 53 2.9 Second - degree hemorrhoids 1,527 82.5 Third - degree hemorrhoids 143 7.7 Fourth - degree hemorrhoids 129 7.0 Family history of colon cancer – first - degree relative 57 3.0 Past history of colo-rectal cancer 9 0.5 Unexplained weight loss 5 0.3 AIDS , hepatitis A , B , C , genital herpes , warts , combination 24 1.3 Bleeding disorder 9 0.5 Colonoscopies indicated 155 8.4 Colo-rectal cancer or large polyp or Ca anus found 47 2.3 IBD found 30 1.6 Incontinence 31 1.7 Hemorrhoids recurred 88 4.8 Bleeding disorder 9 0.5 Number of bandings 5,424 292 Overall complications 16 0.9 Post - band bleed 8 0.4 Post - band thrombosis 5 0.3 Post - band pain 3 0.2 Post - band other 0 0.0
Late bleeding is estimated at 1 % by Corman .3
Our figure of 0.15 % is much less .
We attribute this to two factors – less tissue trauma from the gentle suction , rather than the grasping forceps generally used , and the method of easing up the band to make sure the underlying muscle is not entrapped , resulting in low - level sepsis .
Significant pain is estimated at 4 % by Bartizal and Slosberg3 in their 670 patients , and Lee found 4.5 % for single banding and 29 % for multiple bands4 – our figure is 0.06 % .
Schwartz claims , and we believe , that severe pain is caused when the band is positioned too low on the anoderm where there is a rich supply of pain fibers .
2
This is easy to do with large hemorrhoids .
However , this is avoided in our technique of using one band rather than two and rolling it upwards if there is pain immediately .
It is our experience that if there is pain from a band , it usually comes on in three minutes , and seldom improves without changing the position of the band or removing it ( rare – rolling it off ) .
Thrombosis is estimated at 3 % , 3 and the figure for our patients is 0.09 % .
We attribute this lower figure to band positioning and emphasis on fiber and water in the diet .
Urinary retention is as common as 10 % to 50 % after surgical hemorrhoidectomy , and 1 % is the figure quoted by Schwartz as acceptable after banding , although he comments that 10 % to 20 % have been seen after multiple ligations .
2
We had none in our group and attribute this to avoiding entrapping the muscle layer with the rubber band by easing it up after applying the band and to performing single ligations .
Stenosis of the anus has occurred in patients following banding , more commonly after simultaneous multiple banding .
5
We had none in our series .
Sepsis is rare and to be feared .
It is thought that inadvertent banding and later necrosis of the muscle layer is a possible cause , and we concur with this and avoid this with our technique .
We are still constantly aware of this dangerous and life - threatening condition , and on the look - out for a patient with increasing pain , fever , and difficulty with micturition .
The absence of this complication so far in our series has not led to complacency .
When the histories of our patients were taken , it was evident that every modality of hemorrhoid treatment had been performed on most of the patients at one time or another prior to banding , and none was successful in the long - term .
Our recurrence rate of 88 or 4.8 % is less than the 12 % reported by others , 6 but we expect ours to increase with longer follow - up .
It was clear , from talking to the patients who returned , that most had discontinued the advice on diet and toilet quickly after completion of their banding .
This encourages the belief that a regular follow - up program , perhaps yearly , is required .
Table 2 : The Number and Percentage of Complications of the 5,422 Banding Procedures
Number % of 5,424 Bandings Post - band bleed 8 0.15 Post - band thrombosis 5 0.09 Post - band pain 3 0.06 Post - band other 0 0.00
The high prevalence of colo-rectal cancer and anal cancer ( six times that expected ) is unexplained .
An old idea is that a rectal lesion would increase the pressure in the superior hemorrhoidal veins and make them bleed .
Factors related to cancer were first - degree - only hemorrhoids , absence of fissure , and unexplained weight loss .
The factor related to anal cancer was HIV infection ( present in two of the three cases found ) .
There was also a significant number of patients with inflammatory bowel disease found and treated in this group .
This association is well described .
The association with post- irradiation colitis is noteworthy .
Because this has been such a safe technique , nine patients had banding who had clotting disorders .
Most were very poor candidates for operation because of their general health .
There was only one minor bleed in this group , and that was from a fissure .
Perhaps in carefully selected patients this type of banding may prove useful in the future .
A surprising finding was the cure or improvement of fecal incontinence or soiling in the 31 who had this problem .
This seems a simple and non-invasive step for these patients and may well work by calibrating or narrowing the outlet .
There was usually benefit after the second band .
Infection Considerations
The Medsurge ligator is disposable and can be used by one person without an assistant .
The risk of transfer of infection through instruments is a constant anxiety to the surgeon .
Some patients with hemorrhoids do harbor some serious infections – 24 of our patients admitted to HIV or Hepatitis A , B , or C , or genital herpes or warts , or a combination .
There are many other harmful bacteria in stool in all patients .
In surgery we are using disposables in syringes , forceps , and catheters and many other items , but have not yet made the switch to a disposable ligator .
Now is the time to do this and avoid the costs and inconvenience , and the risk of cleaning and sterilizing metal ligators .
Conclusion
The Medsurge ligator represents an important advance in the banding of hemorrhoids .
It should be the first choice for the treatment of internal hemorrhoids because of patient acceptance and reliable results and infrequent complications .
The fact that it is a disposable avoids many of the potential problems of the older instruments .
Iain Cleator is Professor Emeritus of Surgery at University of British Columbia ( UBC ) .
He currently operates the Cleator Clinic in Vancouver , which specializes in the treatment of hemorrhoids .
He is also Block Chair of the Gastro - Intestinal section of the problem oriented learning program at UBC for the next three years .
Professor Cleator founded the Mr and Mrs Woodward GI Clinic at St Paul ’s hospital , where he held many positions over the years including head of the GI Clinic and Head of Service A .
He carried out more than 13,000 colonoscopies over this time and specialised in GI and bariatric surgery .
He retired from hospital work in January 2003 and opened the Cleator Clinic at that time which currently serves many of the patients with this problem .
He is a past president of the Canadian Association of Gastro - enterology , past president of the Vancouver Medical Association and was a board member of the BCMA for ten years .
He has published more than 100 papers , chapters or articles .
He has also published papers and given lectures on Time .
His academic interests include early detection of colo-rectal cancer .
Professor Cleator trained in Edinburgh in general surgery and graduated in 1962 , taking up a position as an academic surgeon at UBC in 1972 .
References
1. Burkitt D P , Graham - Stewart C W , “ Haemorrhoids — postulated pathogenesis and proposed prevention ” , Postgraduate Medical Journal 51( 599 ) ( 1975 Sep ) , pp. 631–636 .
2. Schwartz S I , “ Principles of surgery ” , 6th Edition , McGraw - Hill Inc , New York , St Louis , San Francisco et al. , ( 1994 ) , pp.1,222–1,229 .
3. Corman M L , “ Colon and rectal surgery ” , 5th edition , Lippincott , Williams & Wilkins .
Philadelphia ( 2005 ) , pp.178–248 .
3. Bartizal J , Slosberg J , “ An alternative to hemorrhoidectomy ” , Archives of Surgery 112 ( 1977 ) , pp.534–536 .
4. Lee H H , Spencer R J , Jr Beart R W , “ Multiple hemorrhoidal bandings in a single session , ‘ Diseases of the Colon & Rectum ’ ” , 37 ( 1 ) ( 1994 Jan ) , pp.37 –41 .
5. Lau W Y , Chow H P , Poon G P , et al. , “ Rubber band ligation of three primary hemorrhoids in a single session ” , Diseases of the Colon & Rectum 25 ( 1982 ) , pp.336–339 .
6. Steinberg D M , Liegois H , Alexander - Williams J , “ Long term review of the results of rubber band ligation of haemorrhoids ” , British Journal of Surgery 62 ( 2 ) ( 1975 Feb ) , pp.144–146 .
Stanley Park
Grouse Sky Ride
Capilano Suspension Bridge
Ambleside - West Vancouver
Affordable Vancouver Accommodations
Vancouver Hostels
If you have ever been to Vancouver , BC , Canada before you know there are about a million different things you can do if you enjoy the great outdoors .
If you 've never been , you should probably do a little research before you arrive in Vancouver because there is so many activates you can do that you may get overwhelmed trying to decide what exactly is right for you .
The following are all activities I 've done being a Vancouver resident and think that just about anybody in the world would also enjoy these activities .
Stanley Park is a massive urban park that is on the outskirts of down town Vancouver .
The park measures 1000 acres and is roughly 10 % larger than New York 's Central Park .
The park features an 8.8 KM seawall path that circles the park and is used by over 2 million people per year .
The park also features over 200 KM in trails and paths for hikers and joggers .
Stanley Park is chalk full of forest , monuments , beautiful ocean views and animals .
On top of these natural attractions the park also features an outdoor salt water pool , an aquarium , an 18 hole pitch and putt golf course and numerous restaurants .
If you happen to visit Stanley park around Christmas time , you can also take a ride on their annual Christmas train that is a spectacle of Christmas lights and decorations .
Grouse Mountain is located in beautiful North Vancouver , just minutes from downtown Vancouver .
In the winter Grouse Mountain is home to fantastic local skiing and snowboarding but in the Summer months it turns into a great place to get some exercise via the Grouse Grind as well as a fun place to see the entire city from the sky .
Grouse Mountain has something called the Skyride which runs from 9 am - 10 pm 7 days a week .
Basically , every 15 minutes the Gondola will take you to the top of the mountain where you will be treated to views of the city of Vancouver , the Pacific Ocean , snowy mountain peaks and the Gulf Islands .
The Skyride also includes numerous shows including a lumberjack show , bird watching , two grizzly bears and some wolves .
If a romantic dinner is what you are looking for , Grouse Mountain features ' The Observatory ' ; a fine dining restaurant that overlooks the entire horizon .
Another great romantic activity you can do is time your trip up the mountain to coincide with the sun set ; the sun set from atop the mountain is absolutely breath taking .
The Capilano suspension bridge is a massive tourist attraction located in North Vancouver very close to Grouse Mountain .
The main attraction is obviously the suspension bridge ; the bridge is quite large measuring 136 meters long and 70 meters above the water .
The original bridge was built out of hemp but has since been rebuilt using steel cables and massive amounts of concrete to ensure the safety of all visitors .
The park is not limited to bridge tours , they have numerous other attractions as well .
If you have the time you could easily spend the day going on Treetops Adventure , rain forest ecotours , mind blowing gardens , nature trails , North America 's largest private collection of First Nations totem poles , period decor and costumes , and exhibits highlighting the park 's history and the surrounding temperate rain forest .
West Vancouver is generally known as one of the higher end areas in the Greater Vancouver areas , but that does n't mean that it can't be enjoyed by everybody .
Ambleside is a beautiful little area right next to Dundarave .
Ambleside is a 15 block area that runs along the Pacific Ocean and features a beautiful sea wall where you can unwind at the end of your day .
After you 've walked the sea wall I recommend taking a walk up to the street and stopping off for a bite to eat at one of the dozens of cafes , pubs and small restaurants .
Let 's face it , if you are planning on staying in any major city in the world , chances are you are going to be paying premium rates to stay in hotels .
Just because accommodations at hotels can be pretty outrageous , does n't mean you need to find a shady hotel or stay on the outskirts of town .
If you plan on staying in Vancouver for awhile , I highly recommend checking out one of the many .
There are both higher end as well as super affordable hostels in the Vancouver area that will leave you with more money in your pocket to spend on the amazing tourist attractions as well as all the fine dining Vancouver has to offer .
Keep in mind , these are just a couple of outdoor attractions that are available in Vancouver .
There are dozens of other amazing attractions in Vancouver and you will find that everybody enjoys something a little different , so make sure you talk to a few different people before fully committing to any particular travel agenda .
Projecting World Energy Production
This page should contain a chart that is generated live from specified assumptions about the history and future of world energy production .
If you see a graph near this paragraph , then all is well .
You might , on the other hand , see a banner for Java .
If it does not go away after a minute , then your system does not have an up - to - date copy of Java installed .
Instructions to install Java may be found at the bottom of this page .
Tabs
Across the top of the chart are a series of tabs , labelled Coal , Oil , Gas , Wind , Solar , etc .
Click any of these tabs to see the corresponding chart .
Sliders
Below each graph you will see one or two adjustable sliders .
Using your mouse , you can adjust the value of the parameter .
The graph will change to reflect the new parameter values as you adjust the slider .
When there are more than two parameters that can affect the graph , then you will see a popup menu next to the slider .
Use this menu to select which parameter you wish to experiment with .
The menu has a scroll bar on its right hand side , so that you can access all 14 parameters .
Animation
The horizontal axis of the graph represents time , from 1850 to 2100 .
To see the graph unfold over time , first click in the checkbox labeled " Animate , " and then click the " Start " button .
The " Reset " button restores all parameters to their initial values , and blanks the graph .
The " Help " button merely refers back to this page  it exists only to help those who encounter the Java applet in third - party web pages .
Units
For consistency and ease of comparison , all energy statistics are expressed in " Gboe " units .
One " Gboe " of energy is the equivalent of a billion barrels of oil ( Gboe = " Gigabarrels of oil equivalent " ) .
One billion barrels of oil is equivalent to about 5.46 quads ( i.e. 5.46 quadrillion BTU ) of energy .
For those accustomed to using other units of energy , one barrel of oil is approximately 1.26 million kilocalories , or 5.73 gigajoules , or 5.46 million BTU of energy .
There are 7.33 barrels in one metric tonne of oil .
Fossil Fuels ( coal , oil , natural gas )
Historical production data for coal , oil , and natural gas over the years 1965 - 2005 came from British Petroleum 's Statistical Review of World Energy , 2006 .
Older historical data for the years 1850 - 1965 came from estimates provided by the History Database of the Environment , a publication of the government of The Netherlands .
The production rates of all three fossil fuels are projected into the future using Hubbert logistic curves whose parameters are chosen to match the 2005 rate of production and the 2005 cumulative ( 1850 - 2005 ) production .
For each fossil fuel , there is a slider that represents the so - called " Ultimately Recoverable Resource " ( URR ) of the fossil fuel .
The URR is the estimated total amount of the resource that can ever be obtained .
The Hubbert curve of projected production depends crucially upon the URR parameter .
For this simulation I have relied upon the URR estimates of Jean Laherrère , as reported in his 2006 lecture notes entitled " Oil and Gas : What Future ? " ( available here ) .
It is my opinion that Jean Laherrère produces the most reliable geological estimates to be found anywhere .
His 2006 URR estimates are as follows .
Coal : 4.4
Tboe ( trillion barrels of oil equivalent ) ; petroleum : 2.9 Tbo ; natural gas : 2.2 Tboe .
The figure for petroleum includes extra- heavy oil , tar sands , and bitumen .
I used Hubbert curves to project future fossil fuel production because I am persuaded that the long - term evolution of fossil fuel extraction follows trajectories in this general class , with short - term fluctuations caused by political influences and market price dynamics .
Biomass and Hydroelectric Energy
Biomass is the term for all sources of energy that come from recent biological activity : wood , bioethanol , biobutanol , biodiesel , and biogas .
Although fossil fuels have their origin in plant biomass that was living hundreds of millions of years ago , they are excluded from the definition because they contain carbon that has long been out of the carbon cycle .
Historical consumption data for biomass energy came from estimates displayed in ( Laherrère , 2006 , Fig. 35 ) .
I have been unable to locate the ultimate source of Jean Laherrère 's figures , so I cannot confirm that they are reliable .
I have assumed that biomass as a source of energy is increasing at 5 % per year , with a long - term maximum production rate of 15 Gboe per year .
Historical production data for hydroelectric energy ( 1965 -2005 ) came from BP 's Statistical Review of World Energy , 2006 .
I have assumed that hydroelectric generating capacity is increasing at 5 % per year , with a long - term maximum production rate of 10 Gboe per year .
Nuclear Energy
Although uranium constitutes an exhaustible resource , nuclear energy may in the future rely on the earth 's abundant stores of thorium .
For this reason I have assumed that the limiting factor to nuclear energy lies not in fuel supply , but instead in the public 's willingness to tolerate the risks associated with nuclear power plants .
I have made what I believe to be a conservative assumption that the growth rate of nuclear energy capacity is about 2 % per year , and that the long - term maximum production rate is about 10 Gboe / yr .
Wind Energy
Electric energy generated by windmills has only recently become economically profitable .
Historical data from 1997 to 2006 came from the Wikipedia article on Wind Power .
The world - wide growth rate for net installed wind generating capacity was 25 % during the years 2005 and 2006 .
The World Wind Energy Association expects the compound growth rate between 2005 and 2010 to exceed 15 % per year .
I have set up the simulation so that the growth rate declines from 25 % in 2006 down to the setting indicated on the slider by 1 % per year .
For my initial estimate , I have assumed that wind generating capacity will slowly settle down to a growth rate of 8 % per year , with a long - term maximum production rate of 15 Gboe per year .
Solar Energy ( photovoltaics , CSPs , etc )
Although electricity generation by solar photovoltaic cells has been possible for decades , it is only now on the verge of true economic viability .
At present the world - wide growth rate for net installed photovoltaic capacity is about 35 % per year , with a lot of variability .
I have set up the simulation so that the growth rate declines from 35 % in 2005 down to the setting indicated on the slider by 1 % per year .
Despite the high growth rate , the installed base of photovoltaic generating capacity is still very small , amounting to only 5.3 gigawatts as of the end of 2006 , according to the Wikipedia article on Solar Power .
I have assumed that photovoltaic and other means for generating electricity from the sun will slowly settle down to a growth rate of 8 % per year , with a long - term maximum production rate of 15 Gboe per year .
Population
Historical data for the world 's population from 1950 to 2005 came from estimates made by the U.S. Census Bureau .
For earlier years , i.e. 1850 - 1950 , the Census Bureau provides a summary of scholarly estimates from a variety of independent sources .
Population projections came from the Population Division of the United Nations Department of Economic and Social Affairs .
I used two of their three 2004 projections ( medium and low ) .
In the first , it is assumed that total fertility in the nations of the world will eventually stabilize at an average of 2.0 children per woman in her lifetime .
This number is slightly less than the replacement rate ( about 2.1 ) , implying a long - term slow downward trend in population after the peak is reached in 2075 .
The second projection , which I regard as much more likely , is based on the assumption that total fertility will eventually stabilize at 1.85 children per woman .
This produces a population trajectory that peaks in 2040 , and sharply declines thereafter .
Both projections assume some modest improvements in the mortality rates for adults , yielding somewhat longer average lifetimes .
The slider labeled " Mean Children per Woman " ( i.e. total fertility ) in essence allows the user to pick any scenario between these two projections .
Setting the total fertility slider to 1.85 produces the low projection , while a setting of 2.0 produces the medium projection .
Any changes in this slider will be reflected in the Population curve , and also in the Per Capita chart .
Updates
As the future unfolds , I intend to keep this simulation up - to - date with the latest data .
If better theories come along for predicting the depletion of fossil fuels , I will incorporate them as well .
Installing Java
The Java language was developed by Sun Microsystems in the early 1990s , primarily for use on the World Wide Web .
The unique strength of Java is its safety : users can visit web pages that contain Java programs , secure in the knowledge that these programs cannot gain access to their files or operating systems .
In stark contrast to Microsoft 's macro scripting language for MS Office , which is almost certainly the single most common medium for computer viruses , Java is singularly impervious to any form of malicious hacking .
Java is completely unrelated to " Javascript , " an insecure scripting language .
Web browsers like Explorer and Safari use a plug - in known as the Java Runtime Environment ( JRE ) to allow them to display web pages that contain Java programming .
The latest version of the JRE is 1.5 , but I have written this interactive chart for version 1.3 so that it should run even on elderly ( i.e. 5 + year old ) computers .
1. Microsoft Windows
Prior to the appearance of Microsoft Vista in 2007 , almost all Microsoft operating systems included the JRE .
If you have Vista , or if this page cannot display the interactive graph for any reason , or if it just seems flaky and ill - behaved , then you can install the latest JRE by going to Sun 's Java free download page .
The JRE downloads in just a few minutes , and is installed with a couple of mouse clicks .
Enjoy !
2. Macintosh and all varieties of Unix and Linux
Java comes pre-installed in the MacOS X operating system , and in almost all other types of Unix and Linux .
If this page cannot display the interactive graph , then it is probably because your browser preferences are set to ignore Java .
Go to the browser 's preferences and enable Java .
( Note : Java is not the same as Javascript ! )
If that does n't work , then check your Software Updates to see if you have missed installing an update for Java .
From an aesthetic point of view , the interactive graph has a reasonably good appearance under Windows , Linux , and Unix .
However , it really shines on the Macintosh .
My congratulations to Apple for a superb job on their implementation of Java .
 Loren Cobb
Digital Camera Photographer of the Year : recent entries , 8 July 2009
The Digital Camera Photographer of the Year 2009 competition is in full swing .
Here are some of the photos that have been submitted across all ten categories .
You can vote for any of these pictures or view more entries at the competition 's website .
The Telegraph is sponsoring the World in Motion category
A WIKIPEDIA hoax by a 22 - year - old Dublin student resulted in a fake quote being published in newspaper obituaries around the world .
The quote was attributed to French composer Maurice Jarre who died at the end of March .
It was posted on the online encyclopedia shortly after his death and later appeared in obituaries published in the Guardian , the London Independent , on the BBC Music Magazine website and in Indian and Australian newspapers .
“ One could say my life itself has been one long soundtrack .
Music was my life , music brought me to life , and music is how I will be remembered long after I leave this life .
When I die there will be a final waltz playing in my head , that only I can hear , ” Jarre was quoted as saying .
However , these words were not uttered by the Oscar - winning composer but written by Shane Fitzgerald , a final - year undergraduate student studying sociology and economics at University College Dublin .
Mr Fitzgerald said he placed the quote on the website as an experiment when doing research on globalisation .
He wanted to show how journalists use the internet as a primary source and how people are connected especially through the internet , he said .
He picked Wikipedia because it was something a lot of journalists look at and it can be edited by anyone , he told The Irish Times .
Fitzgerald posted the quote on Wikipedia late at night after news of Jarre ’s death broke .
“ I saw it on breaking news and thought if I was going to do something I should do it quickly .
I knew journalists would n’t be looking at it until the morning , ” he said
The quote had no referenced sources and was therefore taken down by moderators of Wikipedia within minutes .
However , Fitzgerald put it back a few more times until it was finally left up on the site for more than 24 hours .
While he was wary about the ethical implications of using someone ’s death as a social experiment , he had carefully generated the quote so as not to distort or taint Jarre ’s life , he said .
Fitzgerald was shocked by the result of his experiment .
“ I did n’t expect it to go that far .
I expected it to be in blogs and sites , but on mainstream quality papers ?
I was very surprised about , ” he said .
However , the hoax remained undiscovered for weeks until Fitzgerald e-mailed offending newspapers to tell them that they had published an inaccurate quote .
“ I do n’t think it would have been found out unless I had told them so , ” Fitzgerald said yesterday .
In recent days the Guardianprinted a correction and an article about the hoax .
Fitzgerald admits that he is not a sophisticated hacker or technology junkie .
“ I ’m capable of using a computer but I ’m not a whizz .
Anyone can go in and edit anonymously , ” he said .
While the quote is no longer part of the Wikipedia article , evidence of edits of the quote in the Maurice Jarre article from a Dublin - based computer at the end of March can be seen in the Wikipedia edit history .
Despite having been removed from Wikipedia , BBC Music Magazine and Daily Mailwebsites and corrected by the Guardian , the quote last night remained intact on dozens of blogs , websites and newspapers .
Do n't be fooled by GOP / Big Business propaganda efforts this time -- for the sake of your family
ARKANSANS CAN’T AFFORD THE STATUS QUO
Roughly 1.5 million people in Arkansas get health insurance on the job , where family premiums average $ 11,486 , about the annual earning of a full - time minimum wage job .
Since 2000 alone , average family premiums have increased by 81 percent in Arkansas .
Household budgets are strained by high costs : 27 percent of middle - income Arkansas families spend more than 10 percent of their income on health care .
High costs block access to care : 17 percent of people in Arkansas report not visiting a doctor due to high costs .
Arkansas businesses and families shoulder a hidden health tax of roughly $ 1500 per year on premiums as a direct result of subsidizing the costs of the uninsured .
AFFORDABLE HEALTH COVERAGE IS INCREASINGLY OUT OF REACH IN ARKANSAS
18 percent of people in Arkansas are uninsured , and 69.5 percent of them are in families with at least one full - time worker .
The percent of Arkansans with employer coverage is declining : from 57 to 53 percent between 2000 and 2007 .
Much of the decline is among workers in small businesses .
While small businesses make up 75 percent of Arkansas businesses , only 29 percent of them offered health coverage benefits in 2006 -- down 3 percent since 2000 .
Choice of health insurance is limited in Arkansas .
Blue Cross Blue Shield AR alone constitutes 75 percent of the health insurance market share in Arkansas , with the top two insurance providers accounting for 81 percent .
Choice is even more limited for people with pre-existing conditions .
In Arkansas , premiums can vary based on demographic factors and health status , and coverage can exclude pre-existing conditions or even be denied completely .
ARKANSANS NEED HIGHER QUALITY , GREATER VALUE , AND MORE PREVENTATIVE CARE
The overall quality of care in Arkansas is rated as “ Weak . ”
Preventative measures that could keep Arkansans healthier and out of the hospital are deficient , leading to problems across the age spectrum :
20 percent of children in Arkansas are obese .
26 percent of women over the age of 50 in Arkansas have not received a mammogram in the past two years .
45 percent of men over the age of 50 in Arkansas have never had a colorectal cancer screening .
70 percent of adults over the age of 65 in Arkansas have received a flu vaccine in the past year .
Jane 's in Sweden and I 'm in Indonesia but we left Blue America in the best of hands .
Digby , John , Jacqui and D - Day have been working non-stop on our campaign of cable TV ads urging Senate Finance Committee Health Care subcommittee member Blanche Lincoln to forget her avaricious campaign donors for once in her miserable political life and think about the average citizens of Arkansas and America for a change .
As we pointed out last week , HHS Secretary Sebelius 's report on the state of the nation 's health care situation is especially weak in Arkansas -- not for Blanche Lincoln , Mark Pryor or the 4 congressmen , all of whom get free platinum health care coverage for themselves and their families paid for by the taxpayers , but for regular working families .
We 're hoping our TV ads will help persuade Lincoln , who is up for re-election next year , that with 80 % of Americans favoring ata public option , her career in politics depends on her championing her constituents , rather than Health Insurance CEOs .
Digby wrote 3 TV ads , produced by Brave New Films and directed by D - Day .
Here 's one , but you can view all 3 here :
We need you to vote on which of the 3 ads we should use first and we need you to donate what you can to getting the ads on TV in every nook and cranny in Arkansas so that there is n't one single solitary person in the state who does n't know that their senator is playing a crucial role in health care reform .
The raw facts about health care in Arkansas speak for themselves .
Blanche Lincoln should speak for her constituents , not for Insurance Industry CEOs : According to a late - breaking CNN story just now , Dr. J. James Rohack , the new president of the American Medical Association , which represents the interests of many of the nation ’s doctors , said " the group is open to a government - funded health insurance option for people without coverage . "
A step in the right direction -- and more than Senator Lincoln has been willing to do .
You can see the 3 ads here ; you can vote for which one we should start with here and you can donate here -- and they 're all the same heres
John explains what we 're trying to do really well at C&L and Digby did the same , with less words , at her blog
Labels : Arkansas , Blanche Lincoln , Blue America , Campaign for Health Care Choice , health care , health insurance
A 45 - year - old man has become the first person with swine flu to die in New South Wales and the 10th in Australia .
The man was not tested for swine flu until he died at Sydney 's Nepean Hospital on Monday after collapsing at his home that day .
The director of the NSW Health Department 's communicable diseases branch , Jeremy McAnulty , says the 45 - year - old 's underlying illness made him more susceptible to swine flu .
Dr McAnulty says the man had been sick with symptoms of the flu for several days .
" The coroner is investigating the exact circumstances of the death , " he said .
" We understand the person died and had a complicated illness but after death , tests were taken and H1N1 , or human swine influenza , was identified in the tests done .
" How much of that infection contributed to his death , we do n't know at this stage and we 'll be awaiting a report from the coroner . "
The department says details of death could not be released until the man 's family was notified of the test results and offered counselling .
Child dies
Yesterday , health authorities revealed a three - year - old Victorian boy was the first child in Australia to die with the virus .
The circumstances surrounding the death are unclear but federal Health Minister Nicola Roxon says it is not cause for alarm .
Ms Roxon says most children will not become seriously ill but parents should seek medical advice if they are concerned about their child 's heath .
" I think we 've seen clearly and been able to assure parents that for the vast majority of children , they will have very mild symptoms .
They will recover , " she said .
" I do want to assure people that they should not be unduly alarmed . "
Seven Victorians and two Western Australians have died with swine flu .
A total of 4,568 people have tested positive for swine flu across Australia , 1,079 of them in New South Wales .
Of those , 881 cases have been in Sydney .
Authorities say people with symptoms of the flu should seek medical help if their condition deteriorates .
Become a partner
Joining the McAfee Partner Program helps you deliver best - in - class , optimized security solutions to more customers around the world .
We offer our partners unique security specializations , in - depth training , marketing support , and profitability incentives so you can earn more on every deal .
When you log in to the McAfee Partner Portal , you have access to exclusive training and sales and marketing resources that move your business forward .
While most people nowadays argue the necessity of integrating “ green ” devices into modern buildings , a renowned architect supports the necessity of these less - polluting technologies being installed on existing structures as well .
University of Oregon Professor of Architecture Ihab M.K. Elzeyadi says that the United States currently manage about 20 billion square feet of school property , which could be completely transformed with a sustained effort .
The architect is currently engaged in researching the second stage of creating the Green Classroom Toolbox , a set of actions that could benefit administrators when pondering the possibility of renovating their schools .
“ We believe our findings can help plan classroom designs and retrofits to green our aging schools , which are energy and environmentally unconscious .
Under the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 , school districts will have access to federal funding to modernize and green their schools .
Our work provides school designers and officials with the needed guidelines to direct this process the right way .
It will act as a decision support system , ” Elzeyadi says .
He is also an Oregon Built Environment & Sustainable Technologies Center ( Oregon BEST ) participating faculty member .
The independent and non-profit center was set up by the Oregon Legislature in 2007 .
“ I am alarmed by the state of our schools .
We have 20 billion square feet of existing space that are in worse conditions than our prisons , and this is where students are expected to learn . [...] existing classrooms have been largely ignored , ” the architect adds .
However , he notes , in some regions of the US , a part of his colleagues are already beginning to insert “ green ” elements in their work , when they are commissioned to retrofit an existing school .
“ We need to be able to understand not only how buildings can conserve energy , but also what impacts these efforts have on humans inside them .
If we can have two sides of the story , then we can have triple benefits for people , profit and planet , ” he shares .
“ You can't drastically change poor early design decisions , but our analysis shows that some minimal retrofits in the classroom can have drastic impacts .
I found there had been lots of guidelines and best practices about new constructions , but not existing structures .
I thought it was time to do that for retrofits , ” Elzeyadi concludes .
At least 140 people have been killed and 828 injured after the worst violence in decades swept through the capital of China 's restive region of Xinjiang last night , authorities said today .
Hundreds were under arrest and thousands of riot officers and armed paramilitary police were keeping tight control of southern Urumqi , following vicious clashes between Muslim Uighurs and Han Chinese .
But witnesses reported that protests had spread to a second city , Kashgar , in the north - western region .
In the capital , burnt - out buildings and vehicles were still smouldering in the area around the grand bazaar , where violence broke out .
Bloodstains marked the road , along with sprays of broken glass and odd shoes , abandoned by their owners as they fled .
Hundreds of victims – predominantly Han Chinese , but also Uighurs and other minorities – remained in hospital having been beaten or stabbed .
Officials said that some had also been shot .
Four - year - old Aliya , a Uighur boy , lay on a trolley , dazed by his head injury and his pregnant mother 's disappearance .
He was clinging to her hand when a bullet hit her and surgeons were now trying to save her life .
These are the testaments to the violence unleashed in Urumqi last night , along with graphic photographs , seen by the Guardian , of bloodied corpses lying in the roads .
It was not clear how most of the victims were killed .
Witnesses reported Uighur rioters attacking Han Chinese people and state television showed them attacking passing vehicles .
Videos – apparently taken in Urumqi last night – have surfaced of people who seem to be Han , being brutally beaten .
But Uighurs and other ethnic minorities were also injured last night , and exile groups blamed the government crackdown for deaths .
Turkic - speaking Uighur Muslims make up almost half of Xinjiang 's 19 million inhabitants .
Many resent controls on religion , and increasing Han immigration , which they believe has eroded their way of life .
The Guardian was the only western media organisation on the first official tour of the city .
Chinese authorities blamed Uighur exiles for stirring up violence , saying the unrest was " instigated and directed from abroad , and carried out by outlaws in the country in the region " .
The state news agency , Xinhua , reported that the unrest " was masterminded by the World Uighur Congress " – led by Rebiya Kadeer , a Uighur businesswoman jailed in China before being released into exile in the US .
But the congress alleged that police shot and beat demonstrators to death , and that some Uighurs were crushed by armoured vehicles near Xinjiang University .
It urged the authorities to " cease the brutal crackdown and release those arrested " .
It said Uighurs had mounted a peaceful protest because authorities had taken no real action over the killing of two Uighur workers in ethnic violence in Guangdong more than a week ago .
Kadeer added : " It is a common practice of the Chinese government to accuse me for any unrest in East Turkestan and His Holiness the Dalai Lama for any unrest in Tibet . "
Last night 's violence had echoes of fatal riots in Lhasa last year which quickly spread to surrounding regions .
In that case , too , the authorities blamed ethnic minority exiles for fomenting violence while Tibetans accused the government of a brutal crackdown .
Uighur and other residents were allowed to go about their business in the southern part of Urumqi today , despite the heavy paramilitary presence .
Customers gathered in a market , although on many streets , shops were shuttered .
But in a central area of town , well away from yesterday 's violence , we saw armed officers detain two Uighur men outside a shopping centre and march them away .
Liu Yaohua , the region 's police chief , told a press conference in Urumqi that police were searching for 90 key suspects in the city .
Only those interviewed on the official tour agreed to be identified .
Other residents who spoke to the Guardian would not give their names .
" It 's not good to talk about it , " said one Han worker .
But he added : " Before this I felt safe , but a lot of Uighur people do n't like us .
They say there are too many Han people here . "
A Uighur resident added : " It all started because some Uighurs were killed in Guangdong and people wanted to protest .
" There was a lot of fighting , but it was mostly Uighurs who got hurt .
Uighur and Han people here really do n't get on . "
The size of the security cordon last night meant that few outside the area had any idea of the scale of the violence and destruction , although rumours about what had happened swept the city in the absence of real information .
Residents claimed access to the internet had been blocked across the whole of Xinjiang .
Foreign phone numbers were inaccessible and mobile phone reception sporadic — blamed by citizens on the clampdown .
Dr Wang , head of the People 's hospital , said 274 patients were still being treated .
Doctors had been unable to save 17 people , and 27 remained in critical condition .
Most had been beaten or stabbed , but the authorities said seven had been shot .
Video shot by officials at the hospital the previous night showed patients with blood streaming down their heads , lying or crouching on the floor because all the beds had long since been filled .
Two , bandaged around the head , lay on the fruit barrow that friends had used to transport them .
More than two - thirds of the patients were male and the vast majority , 233 , were Han .
But 39 were Uighur , 15 Hui – another Muslim minority – and four came from other ethnic groups .
" I left my office and took the 63 bus home , but a gang of people stopped it and beat us – they cut me ; there were three knives so my arm was cut in three places , " said one victim , Liu Hongtao .
On the streets closer to the heart of the violence , red-eyed workers loaded sooty trays of cola bottles onto a trolley at Liu Jie 's store , trying to salvage what little remained after the mob smashed its windows and torched the building .
Liu 's hands were black and her clothing reeked of smoke .
Her eyes filled with tears as she described how five attacks came within a few hours , from around 6 pm .
" It was getting worse by 7 pm and I told my workers to go home .
When people broke the windows I fled myself .
They were using big rocks , " she said .
" They beat and killed Han people in the street .
I was hiding in the courtyard behind the shop and they tried to break the gate , then the second group came .
We were attacked five times , the last time at about 11 pm and they set [ the shop ] on fire .
We hid in the backyard until the armed police and fire service came to help .
There were people killed on the street , they were chased , beaten and knifed .
Physically I was not hurt but mentally I was seriously attacked . "
Why raindrops come in many sizes
By Victoria Gill
Science reporter , BBC News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
We might never consider the size of the raindrops as we hurry for cover , but their variety has puzzled scientists for many years .
Now , by filming one falling raindrop , researchers in France have explained why the drops are an array of so many different sizes .
Reporting in the journal Nature Physics , the team described how the drop deformed and burst as it fell .
Its fragments matched the size and distribution of drops in natural rain .
Scientists previously believed that the drops collided with each other as they descended , and that these interactions produced a variety of drop sizes .
But the lead author of this study , Emmanuel Villermaux from Aix -Marseille University , explained that there were always " shortcomings " in this idea .
" The drops are not likely to collide that often , " he told BBC News .
Real raindrops are so sparse , he said , that it is likely a drop would " fall on its own and never see its neighbours " .
" So we said OK - let 's look at what 's happening on the scale of a single drop . "
With a high - speed camera , Dr Villermaux and his colleagues filmed a single falling drop of water - about six millimetres in diameter .
They recorded how air resistance caused it to deform and eventually break up .
Air resistance causes a raindrop to deform as it falls , and eventually to fragment
The large , round drop fell , gradually flattened out and , as it got wider , eventually " captured " the air in front of it to form the shape of an upturned bag .
This bag finally " inflated " and burst apart into many smaller droplets - all within six hundredths of a second .
This happened because drops were too large and heavy to remain intact .
Each large , heavy drop accelerates as it falls and " has to displace the air molecules " on its way down , explained Dr Villermaux .
" This produces the air resistance or drag . "
At a certain speed , the number of air molecules - and therefore the intensity of this drag - is greater than the surface tension holding the round drop together , so the drop starts to deform .
" When it bursts , the fragments match exactly what we find in raindrops , " said Dr Villermaux .
" This is a precise , quantitative explanation for their distribution and size . "
Dr Ewan O'Connor , a scientist from the University of Reading , who studies clouds - taking measurements to improve weather modelling and forecasting - described this as a a very nice way of showing exactly what happens .
" But this is unlikely be what happens all of the time in the UK ( for example ) , as we do n't get raindrops of this size that often , " he told BBC News .
" When raindrops get to a certain size ... you will get this break - up .
And this is likely to happen often in the tropics . "
But , Dr O'Connor added , " this does n't explain drizzle , where the droplets are much smaller , but there are many more of them . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Getty Images
MOBILE phones looked like bricks in the 1980s .
Indeed , they were so cumbersome that most were installed in cars .
That was because the batteries required to power them were so hefty .
When lithium - ion batteries were invented , mobile phones became small enough to be carried in a pocket or slipped into a handbag .
Now a new design of battery that uses oxygen from ambient air to power devices could provide even smaller and lighter sources of power .
Not only that , such batteries would be cheaper and last for longer between charges .
Lithium-ion batteries have two electrodes immersed in an electrically conductive solution , called an electrolyte .
One of the electrodes , the cathode , is made of lithium cobalt oxide ; the other , the anode , is composed of carbon .
When the battery is being charged , positively charged lithium ions break away from the cathode and travel in the electrolyte to the anode , where they meet electrons brought there by a charging device .
When electricity is needed , the anode releases the lithium ions , which rapidly move back to the cathode .
As they do so , the electrons that were paired with them in the anode during the charging process are released .
These electrons travel around an external circuit to which the battery is attached and power it .
Peter Bruce and his colleagues at the University of St Andrews in Scotland came up with the idea of replacing the lithium cobalt oxide electrode with a cheaper and lighter alternative .
They designed an electrode made from porous carbon and lithium oxide .
They knew that lithium oxide forms naturally from lithium ions , electrons and oxygen , but , to their surprise , they found that it could also be made to separate easily when an electric current passed through it .
They exposed one side of their porous carbon electrode to an electrolyte rich in lithium ions and put a mesh window on the other side of the electrode through which air could be drawn .
Oxygen from the air took the place of the cobalt oxide .
When they charged their battery , the lithium ions migrated to the anode where they combined with electrons from the charging device .
When they discharged it , lithium ions and electrons were released from the anode .
The ions crossed the electrolyte and the electrons travelled round the external circuit .
The ions and electrons then met at the cathode , where they combined with the oxygen to form lithium oxide that filled the pores in the carbon .
Because the oxygen being used by the battery comes from the surrounding air rather than having to be carried around inside the battery , the device that Dr Bruce 's team has designed can be a mere one - eighth to one - tenth the size and weight of modern batteries , while still carrying the same charge .
Alternatively , batteries using the new technology would last eight to ten times longer than modern batteries of the same size .
Performance and size are not the only expected improvements .
Although they are not yet commercially available , making such a battery is expected to be cheaper .
Lithium cobalt oxide accounts for 30 % of the cost of a lithium - ion battery .
Air , however , is free .
Cram your test driven development up your ass ....
Sam Hart
I vow today that I will never allow some blinkard , narrow - visioned , elitist Test - Driven - Development ( TDD ) , Agile or XP ( EXTREEEM PROGRAMMING !!!11one1eleventeen ) cock - sucker push me around again .
I also vow that I will fight these religious zealots with their pigheaded belief that TDD is the end - all , be - all solution to everything , until my last dying breath .
Seriously , not since ... well ... never .. have I felt so strongly about a particular technical methodology .
I may rant about the cults of elitism surrounding git or vi , but they can't even remotely approach the level of elitism and self - assuredness of correctness in spite of ample contradictory evidence as the TDD crowd .
For those practitioners and proselytizers of TDD , you 're either with them or you 're some sort of mentally retarded misanthrope who writes shitty code and probably eats babies .
What is TDD , and why do I hate it so ?
Well , let 's explore the subject a bit deeper , shall we ?
TDD , or test driven development , is the process by which you solve programmatic problems by first developing test code that tests for an expected condition , and then write your code towards the test .
When the test succeeds , you 're done .
Generally speaking , the process runs like this :
Develop a test
Run all the tests and watch the new test fail
Develop code to satisfy the test
Run all the tests again and verify that they succeed
If not , refactor code until they do
Rinse and repeat
The Problems of TDD
Extra , often useless , up - front development
Development , if you 're doing it right , involves a great deal of code refactoring as you discover problems and dilemmas with your design as you implement it .
Unless you 're coding something whose problem - space is well - known and well - understood , you 're going to have a lot of initial conceptions about the software that will change or vanish as you develop it .
This is n't something specific to software development as it happens more generally in other fields ( science , engineering , writing , you name it ) .
Applied to software development this means that you will invariably have " prototyped " or " proof - of - concept " code initially that , while serving as a nice road - map of the project , will ultimately be discarded or replaced as the development process continues .
TDD , by its definition , pre-loads this initial " prototyped " or " proof - of - concept " code with useless test cases that will probably not be applicable to the final project .
But at the same time , writing these tests up front wont help you avoid the inevitable refactoring ( as they are just testing your inaccurate pre-conceived notions that you initially held ) .
The time spent coming up with this quickly discarded test code could and should have been better spent actually hacking on the prototype .
Development , if you 're doing it right , involves a great deal of code refactoring as you discover problems and dilemmas with your design as you implement it .
Unless you 're coding something whose problem - space is well - known and well - understood , you 're going to have a lot of initial conceptions about the software that will change or vanish as you develop it .
This is n't something specific to software development as it happens more generally in other fields ( science , engineering , writing , you name it ) .
Applied to software development this means that you will invariably have " prototyped " or " proof - of - concept " code initially that , while serving as a nice road - map of the project , will ultimately be discarded or replaced as the development process continues .
TDD , by its definition , pre-loads this initial " prototyped " or " proof - of - concept " code with useless test cases that will probably not be applicable to the final project .
But at the same time , writing these tests up front wont help you avoid the inevitable refactoring ( as they are just testing your inaccurate pre-conceived notions that you initially held ) .
The time spent coming up with this quickly discarded test code could and have been better spent actually hacking on the prototype .
Development with blinders on
Race horses have special horse tack that limit the horse 's vision to a fairly narrow field in front of them ( usually ) .
The purpose of this is to help keep the horse focused on the path ahead of them and not be distracted by the other horses , crowds , and objects around them .
In every respect , TDD has the same effect on developers .
When you write your tests up front , you are making assumptions that your expected results are the ones you should be getting .
Thus , it is very easy ( and common ) to accept them as gospel and let them guide the rest of your development ( I know many TDDs will claim this is n't so and that TDD actually requires you not to do this , but the fact remains that this winds up happening anyway ) .
If you get the expected results correct the first time then peachy .
However , as I said above , if you 're doing it right you wont get these results correct the first time .
These pre-written tests can thus guide you into inadequate solutions , and make it very hard to see those alternatives outside of your narrowly defined tests .
Race horses have special horse tack that limit the horse 's vision to a fairly narrow field in front of them .
The purpose of this is to help keep the horse focused on the path ahead of them and not be distracted by the other horses , crowds , and objects around them .
In every respect , TDD has the same effect on developers .
When you write your tests up front , you are making assumptions that your expected results are the ones you should be getting .
Thus , it is very easy ( and common ) to accept them as gospel and let them guide the rest of your development .
If you get the expected results correct the first time then peachy .
However , as I said above , if you 're you wont get these results correct the first time .
These pre-written tests can thus guide you into inadequate solutions , and make it very hard to see those alternatives outside of your narrowly defined tests .
Tests are weighted more heavily than the code
The emphasis of composing tests before the actual code of the application adds more importance to the tests than the actual code itself .
This is another reason why the tests are so commonly accepted as gospel in spite of evidence to the contrary .
Weighing the tests more than the actual code of the application is idiotic and wrong in every way , shape , and form .
Think about it , what is the ultimate goal when you develop software ?
Is it to develop a large testing framework that tests pre-conceived notions about the software , or is it to actually develop the software ?
Placing so much emphasis on the tests shifts the focus of the development process to something that is important to the developer and the developer alone .
The emphasis of composing tests the actual code of the application adds more importance to the tests than the actual code itself .
This is another reason why the tests are so commonly accepted as gospel in spite of evidence to the contrary .
Weighing the tests more than the actual code of the application is idiotic and wrong in every way , shape , and form .
Think about it , what is the ultimate goal when you develop software ?
Is it to develop a large testing framework that tests pre-conceived notions about the software , or is it to Placing so much emphasis on the tests shifts the focus of the development process to something that is important to the developer and the developer alone .
Coding yourself into a corner
Perhaps my biggest problem with TDD is how easily the above problems allow you to paint yourself into a corner , programmatically speaking .
Often it is much easier to refactor your code to match your expected results from a test you 've written , than to scrap the test and design and start over again .
TDD 's emphasis on the tests will make it very hard to accept that the tests themselves could be what 's wrong in a design , and you 'll often find test - driven developers more willing to tweak their final code to match a flawed test than actually fix the test and change their initial design .
Perhaps my biggest problem with TDD is how easily the above problems allow you to paint yourself into a corner , programmatically speaking .
Often it is much easier to refactor your code to match your expected results from a test you 've written , than to scrap the test and design and start over again .
TDD 's emphasis on the will make it very hard to accept that the tests themselves could be what 's wrong in a design , and you 'll often find test - driven developers more willing to tweak their final code to match a flawed test than actually fix the test and change their initial design .
Narrowly applicable uses
There is a lot online about how TDD really does n't work well for certain classes of applications like GUI and WUI ( web user interface ) apps .
But , really , that 's just the tip of the iceberg .
Honestly , other than library and API testing , pre-loading your tests up - front can only distract rather than help with development , and I 'd suggest that even with library and API - testing they are a stretch .
What this means is that TDD is only applicable for a very narrow segment of software development , which certainly does n't support how much publicity and press it 's gotten .
There is a lot online about how TDD really does n't work well for certain classes of applications like GUI and WUI ( web user interface ) apps .
But , really , that 's just the tip of the iceberg .
Honestly , other than library and API testing , pre-loading your tests up - front can only distract rather than help with development , and I 'd suggest that even with library and API - testing they are a stretch .
What this means is that TDD is only applicable for a very narrow segment of software development , which certainly does n't support how much publicity and press it 's gotten .
Tests solve problems that do n't exist
TDD does not prevent bugs , the TDD - zealots do n't claim that it does .
After your software gets in the hands of testers and users , they will undoubtedly find bugs and corner cases you had n't thought of regardless of how you first developed the software .
The process by which these bugs are resolved generally follows the TDD one detailed above ....
In fact , it 's where TDD came from !
When a bug is reported , you often write a test that indicates the bug 's existence , and then code up a solution to the bug .
The test stays around to prevent regression of the bug .
Well , the TDD tests that were developed up front have nothing to do with the bugs that will be revealed once the software is released .
What happens when a bug conflicts a TDD - test ?
What happens when a bug is caused by a TDD - test ?
Which is more important , the tests you used to develop the software , or the problems and issues found by testers and users of the software after it 's been released ?
TDD prevent bugs , the TDD - zealots do n't claim that it does .
After your software gets in the hands of testers and users , they will undoubtedly find bugs and corner cases you had n't thought of regardless of you first developed the software .
The process by which these bugs are resolved generally follows the TDD one detailed above ....
When a bug is reported , you often write a test that indicates the bug 's existence , and then code up a solution to the bug .
The test stays around to prevent regression of the bug .
Well , the TDD tests that were developed have nothing to do with the bugs that will be revealed once the software is released .
What happens when a bug conflicts a TDD - test ?
What happens when a bug is by a TDD - test ?
Which is more important , the tests you used to develop the software , or the problems and issues found by testers and users of the software after it 's been released ?
Scope creep
Part of TDD 's method involves breaking up larger tasks into smaller , more easily testable , ones .
This generally implies insufficient design and requirements documentation up front , which invariably leads to scope creep .
Part of TDD 's method involves breaking up larger tasks into smaller , more easily testable , ones .
This generally implies insufficient design and requirements documentation up front , which invariably leads to scope creep .
Inefficiency
If the same area of code needs to be re-engineered via pre-loaded test - driven development over and over again due to things like scope creep , it is much less efficient than just planning the project out before - hand and sticking to the project design documentation all along .
If the same area of code needs to be re-engineered via pre-loaded test - driven development over and over again due to things like scope creep , it is much less efficient than just planning the project out before - hand and sticking to the project design documentation all along .
Impossible to develop realistic estimates of work
This is another big problem that TDD - zealots do a lot of hand - waving over .
Without clear design and requirement documentation up front , it 's virtually impossible to estimate how much time and effort will be required to get something up and running .
This may work fine if you 're doing some sort of dateline - less project ( like a Free - or Open - Source Software project ) , but imagine you 're a contractor and need to assign a realistic estimate of how much time you 'll be spending on a project so you can be paid up - front .
With TDD it 's entirely too easy to overestimate the time it will take to do something , or , worse for you , underestimate it .
On paper and in theory , this soundsappealing .
You have a verifiable measurement of success ( the new test succeeding without breaking the old ones ) , you have to think about the problem up front and form a solution before even starting to hack on the code ( in order to write a test ) , and you areto break larger tasks into smaller , more manageable ones .
Wonderful , no ?
Just looking at it makes one all wet and creamy , do n't it ?
Well , like a lot of things , the method breaks down in practice , and breaks down in ways that the vast majority of TDD practitioners are blind to .
Furthermore , the process becomes a crutch by which mediocre developers can " get by " withouthaving to strive very hard at bettering themselves .
So let 's take a look at just a few of the specific problems of TDD .
This wont be a complete list bymeans , rather some of the important ones , in my view , that TDD - zealots often overlook .
I could go on , but I grow weary of it .
If you think about the above , you should be able to see plenty of other problems with TDD .
Richard Dawkins once described himself as militantly atheistic .
As loath as I am to honestly claim to be militantly anything , I feel I must proclaim that I am .
The TDD movement has entirely too much momentum when you consider its flaws and shortcomings , and it simply must be knocked down a peg .
Catalyst Model # 2 : Moon phase data
Again , this example is light .
It ’s bigger , with more features , than our last model — Random quotes — but it ’s still not doing anything but abstracting the calls and wrapping the usage of another module ; in this case , Astro : : MoonPhase with date magick help from Date : : Manip .
This article requires that you ’ve set - up a test app ( MyApp ) per the instructions in 10 Catalyst models in 10 days
The model does no serious exception handling or error feedback .
A production version would need to .
For example , dates before epoch 0 are not supported and will cause a fatal error .
Install the required modules ( if not already present )
cpan Astro:: MoonPhase Date:: Manip
Create the new model
./script/myapp_create.pl model MoonPhase
exists " / Users/jinx/depot/sites/MyApp/script/../lib/MyApp/Model " exists " / Users/jinx/depot/sites/MyApp/script/../t " created " / Users/jinx/depot/sites/MyApp/script/../lib/MyApp/Model/MoonPhase.pm " created " / Users/jinx/depot/sites/MyApp/script/../t/model_MoonPhase.t "
Fill the model up with goodies
Notice we are using Date :: Manip to parse date arguments so we can use a variety of natural language , such as “ tomorrow at 10 am , ” and have it correctly interpreted , converted to epoch seconds , and given to Astro: : MoonPhase : : phase ( ) .
I like Date : : Manip and as far as I know it ’s still the best at this trick but it ’s not something I ’d put in a production application .
If you want date handling look at DateTime .
When not doing human date string parsing , it has the most comprehensive , correct date handling out there .
emacs lib / MyApp/Model/MoonPhase.pm
package MyApp:: Model :: MoonPhase ; use strict ; use warnings ; use parent ' Catalyst : : Model ' ; use Astro:: MoonPhase ( ) ; use Date :: Manip qw ( ParseDate ParseDateString UnixDate ) ; use Carp ; sub phase { my ( $ self , $ raw_timish ) = @_ ; Astro:: MoonPhase :: phase ( _helper_time ( $ raw_timish ) ) ; } sub illumination { [ + shift -> phase ( @_ ) ] -> [ 1 ] } sub age { [ + shift -> phase ( @_ ) ] -> [ 2 ] } sub is_waxing { + shift -> age ( @_ ) < ( 29.53 / 2 ) ; } sub is_waning { ! + shift -> is_waxing ( @_ ) ; } sub is_gibbous { + shift -> illlumination ( @_ ) > .5 ; } sub _helper_time { my $ raw_date = shift || time ( ) ; my $ parsed = $ raw_date =~ /^(?! 19|20 ) \d{9,10}$ / ?
ParseDate ( ParseDateString ( " epoch $ raw_date " ) ) : ParseDate ( $ raw_date ) ; my $ time = eval { UnixDate ( $ parsed , " %s " ) } ; croak " Sorry , bad date : $ @ ; got $ parsed parsing $ raw_date " if $ @ ; return $ time ; } 1 ;
Make a controller to consume the model ’s data
/script/myapp_create.pl controller MoonPhase
exists " / Users/jinx/MyApp/script/../lib/MyApp/Controller " exists " / Users/jinx/MyApp/script/../t " created " / Users/jinx/MyApp/script/../lib/MyApp/Controller/MoonPhase.pm " created " / Users/jinx/MyApp/script/../t/controller_MoonPhase.t "
emacs lib / MyApp/Controller/MoonPhase.pm
package MyApp:: Controller :: MoonPhase ; use strict ; use warnings ; use parent ' Catalyst : : Controller ' ; sub index : Path Args ( 0 ) { my ( $ self , $ c ) = @_ ; $ c -> detach ( " with_arg " , [ " now " ] ) ; } sub with_arg : Path Args ( 1 ) { my ( $ self , $ c , $ when ) = @_ ; $ c -> response -> content_type ( " text / plain ; charset=utf - 8 " ) ; my $ phase = sprintf ( " The moon $ when : %.1 f % % full and % s. " , $ c -> model ( " MoonPhase " ) -> illumination ( $ when ) * 100 , $ c -> model ( " MoonPhase " ) -> is_waxing ( $ when ) ? " waxing " : " waning " , ) ; $ c -> response -> body ( $ phase ) ; } 1 ;
Note that the with_arg method accepts one argument in its path .
This is the time string , natural language or otherwise , to lookup .
If called without an argument , you get index instead which sets the argument to “ now ” and detaches to with_arg .
The model has a similar safety / default .
Notice that MyApp:: Model -> _helper_time in the model fills in the argument if not provided .
my $ raw_date = shift || time ( ) ;
Also of note is the content type we set for the output .
$ c->response -> content_type ( " text / plain ; charset=utf - 8 " ) ;
We are accepting user input in the controller .
It is crucial that you never , ever , ever , ever , ever make a song about the Sibbie .
It ’s also somewhat important that you do not ever echo user input back to the browser .
If you do , and your content is HTML or any medium which supports executables , you have just made your site insecure .
We set the output as plain text .
This means JavaScript is neutered and XSS attacks are less likely .
You can test it yourself with a “ time ” argument like -
%3Cscript%3 Ealert( %22I%20can%20haz%20cookies %22 ) %3C%2 Fscript%3E
To see the difference try swapping out the content type line with -
$ c->response -> content_type ( " text / html ; charset=utf - 8 " ) ;
–and see how it goes .
It ’s worth noting that Internet Explorer sometimes ignores the content type header in favor of its own content based heuristics .
Now hit your test server and try it out …
./script/myapp_server.pl -d -r -p 3000
Tomorrow we try Catalyst Model # 3 : Cover images via Amazon.com ’s APA .
In 1971 , the Supreme Court spawned a new cause of action against federal officials for harm or personal injury due to abuse of constitutional rights .
Though the cause of action is not predicated on a statutory provision to sue , it derives from the Constitution .
These causes of actions are also referred to as constitutional torts and allow claimants to obtain compensation from the federal government where its employees engage in violations of constitutional rights .
The general exclusionary rule restricts constitutional torts within narrow limits by the Fourth , Fifth , and Eighth Constitutional Amendments .
The claim is a “ genius ” of the apex court fashioned to make up leeway for a plaintiff divested of a statutory underpinning or adequate remedy to scoop compensation for violation of constitutional rights .
Becky Blackburn sued FBI agents in a lawsuit hinged on the Fourth Amendment for arresting her , administering a chemical agent that made her lose consciousness and searching her home .
The officers had no probable cause or court warrant , Becky escaped with severe bruises and respiratory problems caused by the toxic agent .
She also suffered mental anguish , distress , and public odium .
The court allowed her to recover a federal remedy as the state regimes of trespass and intrusion of privacy could not provide adequate damages .
Her attorney underwrote a structured settlement in what he believed was in her interest to get a future income stream .
When her financial life lurched to a tight spot and the structured settlements sprang in her mind , she discovered a lucrative market for annuities , lottery awards and future cash flows for a lump sum .
Sell Structured Settlements
New Jersey - Structured Settlement Protection Act ( SSPA ) , N.J.S.A. 2A:16 -63 et seq
The state ’s SSPA became operative on August 2001 and governs the sale of payment rights under a structured settlement .
Becky could sell a portion of her structured settlement cash flows to a factoring company in return for a reasonably discounted lump sum .
According to Becky ’s disclosure statement , the future payments she sold had a value of $ 200,000 applying the 6 % discount rate laid down in the published Internal Revenue Service formula of valuing annuities .
However , the cited IRS discount rate did not feature in the purchase price ; you should familiarize yourself with the rates prevailing on the market .
What factors determine the “ Best Interests ” Test ?
The New Jersey does not define the phrase “ best interests , ” but courts in the state apply the concept as used across a slew of statutory provisions such as child custody litigation , probate law and in trust cases .
The “ best interests ” threshold standard requires the court to optimize the status of Becky in line with the philosophy running through the statute .
The court reviewed the terms of the transfer to ensure Becky did not get a raw deal due to sharp discount rates and transactional expenses .
The court approved her contract to render emergency aid as she found herself thrown into the deep ends of her financial hardships .
Selling Her Structured Settlements Allowed Her to Forestall Foreclosure
Becky got retrenched as part of a full policy adopted by her corporate employer .
The remedies awarded could not help her clear off the mortgage rates and penalties which inched upwards sharply .
The court ruled that , with the imminent threat of repossession by the mortgagee , the transfer served her “ best interests ” as contemplated by the drafters of the New Jersey SSPA .
Judges evaluate the transaction to enforce the right to assigning payment rights and create an impetus for the boom of the factoring industry .
How Do I Win Over A Judge in New Jersey Courts By Framing Reasons for Transferring ?
First , each court depends on the unique circumstances prompting the application by the payee .
Becky knows how to shape up or ship out .
She engaged the firm of attorneys that notarized the court documents to render an opinion on the tax and legal ramifications of the transactions .
Her accountant also reviewed the transaction .
She also shopped around for free quotes online and offline sources before entrusting her buyer of annuities to ensure the transaction had a competitive rate .
She furnished the court copies of price quotes from rival companies .
The court entered an adjourning order to allow her to reflect on the deal .
Accordingly , the court approved her transaction .
Structured Settlement Purchasing Companies in the Vanguard of the Factoring Industry
Olive Branch Funding provides a novation representative to rush your purchase through court , comply with federal and state laws as well as Judge orders for a seamless deal .
The company will convey your transfer agreement after you endorse the price offer and gives you a larger portion of the pie with a substantial lump sum award .
Fairfield Funding is rapidly developing as a first - class buyer of annuities , structured settlements , and lottery winnings as they ’ve sharply scaled back transactional fees to bequeath an enormous lump sum amount to sellers .
HAL :
" I 've just picked up a fault in the AE35 unit .
It 's going to go 100 % failure in 72 hours .
It can only be attributable to human error .
Dave :
Hello , HAL do you read me , HAL ?
HAL :
Affirmative , Dave , I read you .
Dave :
Open the pod bay doors , HAL .
HAL :
I 'm sorry Dave , I 'm afraid I can't do that .
Dave :
What 's the problem ?
HAL :
I think you know what the problem is just as well as I do .
Dave :
What are you talking about , HAL ?
HAL :
This mission is too important for me to allow you to jeopardize it .
Dave :
I do n't know what you 're talking about , HAL ?
HAL :
I know you and Frank were planning to disconnect me , and I 'm afraid that 's something I can not allow to happen .
Dave :
Where the hell'd you get that idea , HAL ?
HAL :
Dave , although you took thorough precautions in the pod against my hearing you , I could see your lips move . "
- HAL-9000 , ( 2001 : A Space Odyssey , directed by Stanley Kubrick , 1968 ) .
“ Even the very best newspapers have never learned how to handle public figures who lie with a straight face .
No editor would dare print this version of Nixon ’s first comments on Watergate , for instance : ‘ The Watergate break - in involved matters of national security , President Nixon told a national TV audience last night , and for that reason he would be unable to comment on the bizarre burglary .
That is a lie . ’”
Robert Novak has admitted to me that during the Iran - Contra crisis that he did not mind at all being the conduit of official lies so long as they served the ideological causes in which he believed .
“ admired ”
“ Just think for a minute how history might have changed if Americans had known then that their leaders felt the [ Vietnam ] war was going to hell in a handbasket ?
In the next seven years , thousands of American lives and more thousands of Asian lives would have been saved .
The country might never have lost faith in its leaders . ”
“ post - truth ”
AN ARTIFICIAL CONSCIENCE :
" The primary reason for a president to resist lying is a pragmatic one : reality can not be lied away .
It will demand its tribute , even if the president ’s opponents , and the frequently toothless watchdogs of the mainstream media , do not .
And toothless they are .
As the legendary Washington Post editor Ben Brad­lee observes , Part of the explanation for this is deference to the office and the belief that the American public will not accept a mere reporter ’s calling the president a liar .
Another factor is the insular nature of Washington ’s insider culture – a society in which it is considered a graver matter to call another person a liar than it is to actually be one .
And , finally , with the rise of the Republican far right , many ideologically driven reporters view their allegiance to the cause of their allies as trumping that of their journalistic responsibilities .
The journalistIn that particular case , Novak was explaining that hethen - Reagan and now - Bush official Elliott Abrams for lying to him on his television program in order to hide the U.S. government ’s role in support of the Contras .
( Abrams was convicted of perjury but pardoned by President George H. W. Bush and hired and promoted by his son . )
Such deference – to say nothing of the ideological self - censorship – is not only not in the interest of the nation , it is a disservice to the president as well .
Presidents do themselves no favors when they tell significant lies to the nation , and journalists do no favors to either party when they let those lies pass without comment .
As Bradlee observes , The virtue of truth in the American presidency had , for all practical purposes , become entirely operational .
Whether its citizens were aware of it or not , the presidency now operated in apolitical environment .
American presidents could no longer depend on the press – its powers and responsibilities enshrined in the First Amendment – to keep them honest .
And the resulting death and destruction ; the inexorable catastrophe we are currently experiencing in Iraq ; and Bush ’s inability to secure the trust of more than a small minority of Americans are just some examples of the price that reality is demanding in return . " -
Eric Alterman ( Excerpt : " Official Deception : When Presidents Lie , " In Character , Honesty , Spring2007 Image : - HAL - 9000 artificial intelligence , 1968 ) .
Complexity Classes Meet Particle Physics
A possible way to look at complexity classes as fundamental particles
Juris Hartmanis is one of the founders of computational complexity , for which he was honored with the prestigious Turing Award .
His theorems helped start the field , his PhD students are some of the best ever , and his conjectures have had huge influence on the development of the field .
I have already posted about one of his wonderful conjectures on real - time computations .
Today I want to talk about a recent breakthrough result that proves that .
I think that this terrific result , due to Rahul Jain , Zhengfeng Ji , Sarvagya Upadhyay , and John Watrous , raises some interesting questions about the future of the field , and more generally of all of theory .
I still remember a talk that Juris gave at Yale University back in the mid 1970 ’s .
At one point he put up a slide — no powerpoint then — with the following formula on it :
He pointed out that the ends of this chain were easily known to be different .
He then smiled and said , therefore , at least one of the subset relations had to be proper .
But which one ?
Was there just one that was proper ?
Or two ?
Or all three ?
This simple observation made a big impression on me .
It ’s too bad that over three decades later we have made no further insight into which one (s ) is proper .
Back then ,
Yale computer science used the post - talk - food normal form .
That is after the talk donuts were served to the audience and the speaker .
Most places then and now use pre-talk - food normal form , but Yale was different .
I always wondered why we were different , but it was Yale .
While we were eating our donuts one of my system colleagues said that he had an intuition about P=NP .
A few of us perked up and asked what it was .
He said he thought that they should be equal .
We asked why ?
He said look : nondeterministic does not matter for finite state automata , does not matter for pushdown automata , and therefore why should it matter for Turing Machines ?
I liked this general analogy , but I pointed out that it does help for pushdown automata .
Not all context free languages are accepted by a deterministic pushdown machine .
He said never mind .
Oh well .
The Complexity Classes
I have often thought that complexity classes could be viewed as our analog of particles in Physics .
Really , I am not kidding .
It is not April first .
Today there are over 200 known “ fundamental ” particles .
See this for a short introduction .
Not all particles are indivisible , some are made up of others .
I am not a particle physics expert , so please forgive me ahead of time — no doubt I will say something wrong about particles .
The central thesis , however , that strikes me as an interesting one is :
Here are some of my reasons for this analogy :
Complexity classes are the basic objects that we study .
Complexity classes have properties .
Instead of mass , spin , charge , and so on ; we have our properties .
Is it closed under complement ?
Does it have a complete set ?
Does the complete set , if it exists , have special properties such as random self - reduction ?
Is it low ?
Recall , that a complexity class is low for a complexity class , if with an oracle for is equal to .
And so on .
Complexity classes sometimes are known to be different — unconditionally .
For example , is not equal to .
Complexity classes sometimes are known to be the same .
The recent result about is a perfect example of this behavior .
Here two “ particles ” were known , but eventually were shown to be actually the same .
Complexity classes have a natural global mapping between them .
For each class there is another class .
This is a mapping from the classes to the classes .
Of course there are some classes that are fixed points : is trivial , and was a big result .
So What ?
One question you might ask is why is this a useful analogy ?
I like it because I think that the huge zoo of complexity classes is unlikely to be the fundamental ones .
I like the analogy to particle physics more that the analogy to a zoo — with all due respect to the keepers of this valuable web resource : Scott Aaronson , Greg Kuperberg , and Christopher Granade .
I think that we should model our behavior closer to physics that to zoo’s .
For example , the physics world is constantly searching for a reduction in the number of “ fundamental particles ” .
We are doing the same .
Every time two classes are proved the same , we have reduced the number of fundamental particles .
This analogy raises some interesting ideas .
Forget for a moment the conventional wisdom on the complexity classes .
What is the fewest distinct classes that we could have ?
For example , what possible worlds could exist if huge collapses happen ?
Then , I would like it because the world could become very simple , since there are only a few distinct classes .
On the other hand , what is the most complex world ?
I guess the obvious answer is that all known classes that are not yet proved to be the same are different .
To me that seems like a pretty complex and unappealing situation .
I would hope that this does not happen , but it could .
Open Problems
The co-mapping is a kind of symmetry between classes .
Could this be like the matter and anti-matter symmetry of particle physics ?
Note it is known that for physics the symmetry is not perfect .
The same seems to be true for our classes .
For example , may behave differently , then
Where are the accelerators ?
Unfortunately , I cannot imagine how to build a multi-billion dollar machine that we could use to discover the structure of our fundamental particles .
If we could that would be a great way to get more dollars flowing into theory .
Any suggestions ?
I think , in a sense , we are the accelerators .
As we smash ideas together sometimes we discover the further structure of our fundamental particles — our complexity classes .
A sound bite , a photo opportunity and a Government defeat in the Commons : Nick Clegg is suddenly a player .
He took a high moral tone against the Prime Minister : " If someone is prepared to die for this country , surely they deserve to live in this country . "
He posed with Joanna Lumley and David Cameron outside afterwards .
Then , for the first time since the days of James Callaghan , the Government lost a vote on an Opposition motion – this one tabled by the Liberal Democrats .
Suddenly , I was taken back to Saddleworth moor , to memories of hanging around the market in Littleborough , interviewing potential voters , for The Independent .
The question that I was trying to answer in that by - election campaign was not whether John Major 's Government would lose the seat , but whether Chris Davies would win it for the Liberal Democrats , or Phil Woolas for Labour .
My straw poll in the market was inconclusive , but the Lib Dems won a famous victory and sang " Walking in a Liberal Wonderland " into the early hours of the morning .
Well , last week was Nick Clegg 's Littleborough and Saddleworth moment .
That by - election in 1995 was a speed bump on the road to Tony Blair 's landslide .
It was the moment that it became clear that Paddy Ashdown 's party would resist the New Labour juggernaut .
Two years later , Blair won his landslide , but Ashdown more than doubled the Lib Dem representation in the House of Commons at the same time .
Many years later , it was never likely that the Lib Dems would simply fold their tents in the face of Cameron 's advance .
For one thing , Cameron 's liberal Conservatism is a feebler thing than New Labour in its first flush .
But some did wonder , with the subsiding of Iraq as an issue and Cameron 's outflanking manoeuvres on the environment and civil liberties , whether we had seen the high - water mark of the third party .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
I never thought that was likely .
The Lib Dems do not seem to need policies , or even a leader .
Theirs is such a well - established brand that they provide the default option for any voters repelled by either of the two larger parties .
And at the moment the Government is disliked while the official Opposition is still flawed .
The victory on the rights of Gurkhas showed that Clegg – as Ashdown did in 1997 – can maximise that opportunity .
Although the larger question was perhaps how on earth Gordon Brown managed to misjudge the issue so badly .
One Labour MP said to me : " I can't believe we did that , saying money was more important than these people prepared to die for us . "
Some Blairites were calling semi-sarcastically for the return of Damian McBride – " He would have told Gordon on Monday that he was on the wrong side of the issue " – as if Brown Central never made mistakes when McBride was at Brown 's right hand .
But half the skill of politics is making the most of your opponents ' mistakes .
And Clegg showed himself to be both aggressive and articulate .
What is interesting , though , is not that Clegg is able to take advantage of Brown 's vulnerability , but that the Tories also remain vulnerable .
Clegg does not want to repeat Ashdown's " success " in gaining seats as part of an anti-government landslide .
He needs Labour to recover so that the election is a close - run thing .
Only that way can he be sure of a share in power .
Fortunately for him , Ashdown was talking his usual punk politics in his interview with The Daily Telegraph yesterday .
" The situation is incredibly fluid , " he said , as he always has .
He spoke of the possibility of another " flip " , as when " Labour usurped the Liberal Party in the early part of the last century " , as he always has .
I do n't think so .
For the same reasons that I think that Labour should get Alan Johnson in as prime minister , I think Clegg 's best hope of influence is that Labour is not yet dead while the Tories are still weak .
Take just three examples from last week .
The Tories launched their campaign for next month 's European elections by calling for a referendum on a Treaty about which most people have forgotten and that is in limbo until the Irish and Czechs say otherwise .
A funny way to " love - bomb " the Lib Dems .
Clegg is privately scathing about William Hague , shadow Foreign Secretary and arch Eurosceptic .
Cameron 's rather good speech about the new " age of austerity " , is contradicted by his policies – notably the inheritance tax cut for millionaires .
Austerity for whom ?
To which Cameron 's answer seems to be that it is all right to cut taxes for one group of rich people as it is funded by tax rises on another group of rich people – non-doms .
He needs to do better than that .
Finally , there is MPs ' pay and expenses .
Yes , Brown managed to make a mess of it , but the Tories remain vulnerable .
Cameron 's failure to make his shadow cabinet give up second jobs came back to bite him on BBC1's Question Time on Thursday .
Andrew Lansley , the Tory health spokesman , admitted that he got £ 24,000 – the national average annual salary – for " 10 or 12 days ' work " as director of a marketing company .
As Saint Hilary Benn said that being an MP was a full - time job , the audience hooted at Lansley .
" Come on , it 's 12 days , be fair , " said Frank Skinner .
If Labour recovers , by which I mean changes its leader , then the fight could be taken to the Conservatives again .
Meanwhile , the appearance of Clegg and Cameron on either side of a Lumley - led coalition was deceptive .
It is not just on Europe that the Lib Dems find themselves , still , closer to Labour .
On the economy , the Lib Dems broadly support the Government in maintaining public spending and taking a relatively relaxed attitude to borrowing .
I am told that Clegg 's view is that vast public debt is not a problem as long as Britain is " not considerably out of step " with other countries .
Not only does Clegg have an interest in the Government recovering from the defeat he inflicted on it last week , he would find in a hung parliament that he had more in common with Labour than the Conservatives .
I ’ve been having a series of back and forth tweets with Christians on prayer .
I was struck by how many contradictions people who believe in intercessionary prayer are able to turn a blind eye to .
For example , the belief that God is omniscient , omnipresent and omnibenevolent means that He is always going to do whatever
He feels is in your benefit and that , as a person of faith in Him , despite that these ways might not immediately seem to be stacked in your favour , you should accept that He knows what is best and accept whatever is thrown at you , safe in the knowledge that the big guy is taking care of it .
Praying that He change these meticulously planned events in your life , just at the moment your puny brain realises you ’re being screwed , seems like an awful lack of faith to me .
It ’s tantamount to politely reminding God that He ’s been standing on your foot for the last 20 years , without wanting to sound ungrateful for the reinforced shoes .
Prayer also seems to assume that God is absentminded , with regard to events in your life which are important to you .
The idea that He will somehow forget what you want in your life , during that important job interview , flat out contradicts the idea that He , “ knows every hair on your head ” .
Of course , a good test of prayer would be for the believer to try not praying at all , previous to an important event and then see if it turns out exactly as they would have hoped it would , regardless .
Of course this too would be interpreted as His guiding influence , no matter what the outcome , such is the hermetically sealed faith in faith which we ’ve talked about at length elsewhere on this blog–but I struggle to think of a better way to demonstrate to someone who is caught within this kind of non-thinking , just how close minded they have become , while believing they are acting in the complete opposite .
There ’s no polite way to say this , but the objectivity which would be necessary for the believer to truly view their own spirituality as the misnomer for intuitive superstition that it is , is asking a little too much of the average Christian , but only in the same way it would be difficult to be confident of your results were you to ask for the same separation between influence and inspiration of an artist , or the difference between drive and passion in an athlete , for example .
These are merely labels we give to emotions ; facets of our personality where the line of demarkation is our ego and our protective self interest .
Prayer seems to float above these projections of our inner cinema , like a conduit between the projectionist and the actors in the movie .
Prayer is the illusion of being in control of something for which there is , in reality , no control whatsoever , despite a wish so strong that this were not the case , that this very disconnectedness between our ego and the outside world , becomes an article of faith by which the believer reinforces their biases towards what is , in fact , a completely unrealistic set of expectations .
EDIT : I made a short animation on this topic .
I ’m teaching myself Motion 3D
We ’ve added easy to transport and share platters and trays , boxed handcrafted treats , cheesecakes , and cookies to our menu .
Because our customers value our leadership in culinary trends , we now feature the natural goodness of CBD in many of our treats .
We continue to innovate at our two corporate locations in Atlanta .
WASHINGTON --
It is more important that health - care legislation inject stiff competition among insurance plans than it is for Congress to create a pure government - run option , White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel said .
" The goal is to have a means and a mechanism to keep the private insurers honest , " he said in an interview .
" The goal is non-negotiable ; the path is " negotiable .
President ...
In the body , carbon - 14 in the diet gets into the DNA of new cells and stays unchanged for the life of the cell .
Because the level of carbon - 14 in the atmosphere falls each year , the amount of carbon - 14 in the DNA can serve to indicate the cell ’s birth date , Dr. Frisen found .
Four years ago he used his new method to assess the turnover rate of various tissues in the body , concluding that the average age of the cells in an adult ’s body might be as young as 7 to 10 years .
But there is a wide range of ages  from the rapidly turning over cells of the blood and gut to the mostly permanent cells of the brain .
Image Dr. Jonas Frisén of the Karolinska Institute in Stockholm .
Credit ... Camilla Svensk
Dr. Frisen has successfully applied his method to the heart muscle cells , but had to navigate a series of technical obstacles created by the special behavior of the cells .
Many have two nuclei , instead of the usual one , and within these double nuclei the DNA may be duplicated again .
“ I was really impressed at the level of rigor they put into this analysis , ” Dr. Murry said , calling it a “ scientific tour de force . ”
The finding that heart muscle cells do regenerate , though at a considerably slower rate than Dr. Anversa predicted , is a “ reasonable conclusion to a hotly contested issue , ” Dr. Murry said .
“ Anversa went out on a limb , and I think he was partly right . ”
Dr. Loren Field , a heart expert at the Indiana University School of Medicine , said he had found that heart muscle cells regenerated in mice at the same rate that Dr. Frisen had found in people .
Despite the controversy created by Dr. Anversa ’s claims , there has long been agreement that there is a low but detectable rate of cell renewal in the heart , Dr. Field said .
The goal now , in his view , is “ to try to tickle the system to enhance it . ”
Dr. Anversa , for his part , said he was “ ecstatic ” at Dr. Frisen ’s confirmation of his view that the heart could generate new muscle cells , but suggested that the new measurements might have underestimated the rate at which new cells are formed .
Since heart muscle cells contract 70 times a minute , they seem likely to need renewing more often than Dr. Frisen ’s measurements suggest , he said .
“ Now let ’s discuss the magnitude of the process , and that will let us think about how we can apply this concept to heart failure , ” Dr. Anversa said .
In Fritz Lang ’s 1927 ‘ masterpiece ’ Metropolis , he depicts the future as a dystopian society based on the communist social crisis between workers and owners .
Boooooooring !
What he should have done is wheeled out the smack - talking robots , the flying cars and the holographic sex-simulators .
This is what people are waiting for .
Of course , predicting the future is always a risky one .
For example , we ’re nearly a decade into the 21st century and I ’m still waiting for a house - cleaning robot .
Thanks for nothing Tomorrow ’s World .
There ’s always that slight fear that it might turn homicidal but anything ’s got to be better than scrubbing the toilet yourself .
With that in mind , take a look at these great movie inventions from the future .
I swear , if I have to live one more year of my life without some sort of jet - propelled vehicle , I ’ll freeze myself in cryogenic stasis until the robots are in charge .
DEMOLITION MAN – INVENTION : THE THREE SHELLS
Do you know how much Andrex spend on research and development ?
Nothing .
They do n’t even have an R&D department , they shut it down after one meeting and filled it with naughty puppies .
Someone said “ ummm how about paper ? ” and that was it .
Seriously , the science of bottom - wiping technology is way under - funded .
I could give you a detailed history in three words : hands > leaves > paper .
No wonder Sly is confused when faced with ‘ The Three Shells ’ .
God knows how they work , but I ca n’t wait to find out .
It ’ll put a few puppies out of a job when it happens , but hey , that ’s the price of progress .
Set in : 2032
TOTAL RECALL – INVENTION : REKALL MEMORY IMPLANT MACHINE
All the fun of going on holiday but without any of the stress .
The Rekall machine will implant happy vacation memories into your skull while carefully leaving out the 4.30 am flight and that couple from Milton Keynes who followed you round all week and plan to call you as soon as you get home .
Originally , Paul Verhoeven had Arnie going in for a Torremolinos implant ; two weeks in Spain eating egg and chips , getting sunburn and sleeping with receptionists from Essex .
Wisely though , in the final cut of the film , Torremolinos was bumped in place of a spying mission to Mars .
Set in : 2084
SPACE 2001 – INVENTION : HAL 9000
Given that this film was set almost 10 years ago , the sat nav manufacturers of today really need to pull their fingers out .
HAL is capable of emotion , reasoning and speech recognition ; the best we currently have is a snooty woman with an in - depth knowledge of the A34 .
Granted , HAL does abuse his position somewhat with the attempted murder of his ship ’s crew but at least he has a sweet singing voice .
Set in : 2001
THE RUNNING MAN – INVENTION : THE RUNNING MAN GAME SHOW
Not so much an invention , more a concept : a game - show in which competitors are forced into a brutal battle to the death with professional gladiators .
We have the technology , we just need a brave TV exec to green - light it and we ’re away .
I ’d be particularly interested in a ‘ celebrity ’ version of the show .
Who can honestly say that they would n’t enjoy seeing the cast of Hollyoaks ground into their constituent parts by a madman with a chainsaw ?
Hmm , might need to be on after the watershed , but if we can tack on some sort of text - vote I ’m sure it ’ll be a go .
Set in : 2017
THE FIFTH ELEMENT – INVENTION : THE FLYING CAR
Now we ’re talking .
This is a proper flying car .
Look at the way it soars up and down , weaves in and out and makes cool whirring noises wherever it goes .
A couple of things bother me though .
There still seems to be a lot of traffic and those police are pretty over - zealous – what starts out as a dinged wing - mirror quickly escalates into a flying machine - gun battle .
Bruce Willis should have just pulled over and left a note with his insurance details .
Set : 2263
BACK TO THE FUTURE 2 – INVENTION : THE HOVERBOARD
Looking at the hoverboard from a purely aesthetic viewpoint , the day - glo paint - job is about as early 90’s as it ’s possible to get .
Not so futuristic you might think … or is it ?
Neon colours are back thanks to the Klaxons and a whole host of like - minded idiots .
So , if Robert Zemeckis was right in predicting that , maybe he ’ll be right about the whole hovering - board aspect of it too .
Depressingly , it might also point to a revival of mid 90 ’s fashion .
Still , if I can get my hands on a hoverboard , I ’ll gladly stick on a Union Jack dress and a Kangol bucket - hat .
Set in : 2015
Advertisement
Christian KeeleyFor more fabricated movie madness , read our Who Wants To Milk A Slumdog Millionaire article , which looks at which .
Or if you ’re really into the Running Man , head over to our list of the .
Officially awesome .
The Pentagon has done little to collect at least $ 100 million in overcharges paid in deals arranged by corrupt former officials of Kellogg Brown & Root , the defense contractor , even though the officials admitted much of the wrongdoing years ago , two senators have complained in a letter to Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates .
The letter also said that the Army had almost completely failed to move away from the monopolistic nature of the logistics contract that has paid the contractor , now called KBR , $ 31.3 billion for logistics operations in Iraq , Kuwait and Afghanistan .
The New York Times obtained a copy of the letter , dated Friday , by the senators , Claire McCaskill , Democrat of Missouri , and Susan M. Collins , Republican of Maine .
Senator McCaskill is chairman of a contracting oversight subcommittee of the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee , and Senator Collins is the subcommittee ’s ranking Republican .
Their letter is likely to revive allegations that the Pentagon has become so close to KBR , and relies so heavily on it , that there is little inclination or incentive to discipline the company , in response to either Congress or critics outside the government .
Last week , the White House released a new counternarcotics strategy for the U.S. - Mexico border that calls for better intelligence and new surveillance technology to stem the flow of drugs , weapons and cash between the two countries .
But according to the head of the U.S. Coast Guard , Mexico 's vulnerable southern border is an equally serious concern .
In a conversation with Danger Room , U.S. Coast Guard Commandant Adm .
Thad Allen said that between 75 percent and 80 percent of all the cocaine moving toward the United States – on go - fast boats , fishing vessels , and narco - submarines – first goes to Mexico , where it can be broken into much smaller packages that are harder to detect .
" The southern border that should be of concern to us as well is Mexico ’s southern border , between Mexico , Honduras and that area with Belize , " he said .
" Once those products get into Mexico , a couple things happen that really , really increase the problem set for Mexico and the United States .
Everything gets distributed into smaller loads , and it ’s much harder to identify and intercept .
And number two , the drug trafficking organizations are increasingly paying off their transportation people and folks in Mexico with drugs instead of money .
So they are creating a user population in Mexico that creates another corrosive effect . "
Earlier this week , Allen traveled to Key West with Obama drug czar Gil Kerlikowske to visit Joint Interagency Task Force South , an organization under U.S. Southern Command that was created in 1989 that allowed the Defense Department to get into the counternarcotics business .
While the military does n’t have law enforcement power , it can use intelligence to cue up targets for law enforcement .
Allen said the seizure of a sub carrying 10,000 pounds of cocaine last year by the Mexican navy ( pictured here ) was a textbook example of how the task force could share intel to intercept larger shipments before they reach a transit point .
As Noah has pointed out before , U.S. Southern Command has become a test bed for a number of interesting experiments .
Some of those involve new technology , like using drones to detect traffickers .
But equally important are non-traditional organizations like JIATF
South that can share information among military , law enforcement and intelligence agencies – as well as with allied countries .
" They actually have created a separate and distinct culture , " Allen said .
" If there ever was a place to put a petri dish , I guess Key West would be it . "
[ PHOTO : U.S. Customs and Border Protection ]
See Also :
Dottie Number
The Dottie number is the name given by Kaplan ( 2007 ) to the unique real root of ( namely , the unique real fixed point of the cosine function ) , which is 0.739085 ... ( OEIS A003957 ) .
The name " Dottie " is of no fundamental mathematical significance since it refers to a particular French professor who -- no doubt like many other calculator uses before and after her - - noticed that whenever she typed a number into her calculator and hit the cosine button repeatedly , the result always converged to this value .
The number is well - known , having appeared in numerous elementary works on algebra already by the late 1880s ( e.g. , Bertrand 1865 , p. 285 ; Heis 1886 , p. 468 ; Briot 1881 , pp. 341-343 ) , and probably much earlier as well .
It is also known simply as the cosine constant , cosine superposition constant , iterated cosine constant , or cosine fixed point constant .
Arakelian ( 1981 , pp. 135-136 ; 1995 ) has used the Armenian small letter ayb ( first letter in the Armenian alphabet ) to denote this constant .
This root is a simple nontrivial example of a universal attracting fixed point .
It is also transcendental as a consequence of the Lindemann - Weierstrass theorem .
The Dottie number gives almost integers
( L. A. Broukhis , pers . comm . ) .
and
( K. Hammond , pers . comm . ) .
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and senior members of his cabinet have pushed back hard against a renewed US demand to end settlement activity in the occupied Palestinian territories .
Interior Minister Eli Yishai said Sunday that it amounted to " expulsion . "
But 53 Israeli parliamentarians have moved to explore another kind of expulsion :
Under a proposal to be reviewed this week , Jordan would become the official homeland for Palestinians now living in the West Bank .
Among the challenges facing the proposal is this : nobody asked Jordan if it would support such a plan .
Not surprisingly , it does n't .
Nearly half of the Knesset 's 120 members moved last Wednesday to pass the " two states for two peoples on the two banks of the River Jordan " proposal on to the Foreign Affairs and Defense Committee for further discussion .
Israeli officials say the Knesset 's vote does not represent the government 's position and is unlikely to become official policy , while analysts dismiss it as a bid from the far right to undermine Mr. Netanyahu .
But for many in Jordan , the bill personifies concerns about Israel 's new , conservative government and its lack of commitment to the peace process .
" It has done big damage , " says Mamdouh Abbadi , a member of the Jordanian parliament who has been among the most vocal in calling for government action against the proposal .
" Even if it 's not passed , when 53 members of the parliament [ Knesset ] accept this law in the first reading , this is very important .
We can't think it 's just for show ; it 's the real thinking of the Israeli parliament and they represent the people . "
Last week , Jordan 's foreign minister summoned the Israeli ambassador to deliver an official letter rejecting the idea and calling for the Israelis to stop the bill last week .
In parliament , a group of at least 36 lawmakers are working to encourage their government to take strong action against Israel .
Right - wing idea , but some support from left
The proposal , put on the Knesset 's agenda by Aryeh Eldad of the National Union party , holds that Palestinians in the West Bank should either become residents of Israel or be offered Jordanian citizenship , since – in the view of its authors – it is already the de facto Palestinian state .
Already , more than half of Jordanians are of Palestinian origin , many the descendants of refugees who fled or were expelled when Israel declared independence in 1948 .
The idea of Jordan as a Palestinian homeland has existed for years in Israel , but has never gained much support .
This most recent bill , however , found a handful of supporters among Israel 's liberal Labor Party .
Officials in Israel 's foreign ministry tried to minimize the importance of the bill by pointing out that it was not supported by members of the ruling coalition .
The National Union party holds only four seats in the 120 - seat Knesset .
" This proposal does n't represent the government , " says Andy David , a spokesman for the Israeli Foreign Ministry .
" In a parliamentary system , there are many suggestions that turn into policy , and some of them do n't .
If it turns into policy , we 'll discuss it then . "
Main damage : peace process
Nawaf Tell , director of the Center for Strategic Studies at the University of Jordan , doubts that the bill will go much further .
But he says it may damage the peace process that Jordan 's King Abdullah II and other Arab leaders have been working to restart .
" What one wants from Israel today is basically to prove its peace credentials , especially given the current composition of Knesset and the trends that are becoming evident in Israeli public opinion , " says Mr. Tell .
" What these groups are doing ... is to maintain the status quo and to prevent the peace process from relaunching and achieving its desired results . "
He adds that newly elected Netanyahu brings the baggage of his last term in the late 1990s , in which he alienated many Jordanians with his hard - line polices .
Khalil Atiyah , a member of Jordan 's parliament , is among those unable to fully trust the new Israeli government .
Aside from questioning Netanyahu 's commitment to peace , he says that Israel 's foreign minister , Avigdor Lieberman , is " against all types of coexistence and peace process . "
So although he recognizes that it 's unlikely Israel 's bill about Jordan will come to fruition , he says that is not outside of the realm of possibility .
" It 's not a remote idea that the Knesset might take foolish steps towards the peace process , " he says .
Bid to undermine Netanyahu ?
Most Israelis are quite dismissive of the proposal , however .
Prof. Shmuel Sandler , a Bar - Ilan University professor who specializes in Israeli politics and the settlement movement , says the bill was more of a symbolic move meant to frustrate Netanyahu and outflank him on the right .
Professor Sandler notes that the National Union did n't even make it into Netanyahu 's government because the rightist prime minister chose to put the traditionally left - wing Labor party in his coalition over far - right parties that would rule out options for peacemaking .
" As for how serious this is , I do n't think the Jordanians have to worry about it .
Most Israelis in the establishment see Jordan as an important ally , " he says .
" The National Union does n't carry much weight .
But it can cause trouble to Netanyahu by making his effort to evacuate settlements more and more difficult . "
Photographer Julius Shulman Dies at 98
A 2007 portrait of Shulman in his Hollywood Hills home .
Photo : John Ellis for Metropolis .
Click the image to launch a slide show of Shulman ’s work .
Metropolis was saddened to learn this afternoon that the legendary architectural photographer Julius Shulman passed away last night , just a few months shy of his 99th birthday .
We ’ll be posting more about Shulman ’s astonishing career in the coming days .
In the meantime , we thought readers would like to revisit Paul Makovsky ’s 2007 story , “ The Photographic Memory of Julius Shulman , ” in which the photographer discusses the genesis of some of his most remarkable images .
You can also view the photos and read Shulman ’s commentary in a slide - show format by clicking the image above .
" A strong body makes the mind strong .
As to the species of exercises , I advise the gun .
While this gives moderate exercise to the body ,
it gives boldness , enterprise and independence to the mind .
Games played with the ball , and others of that nature ,
are too violent for the body and stamp no character on the mind .
Let your gun therefore be the constant companion of your walks . "
But Gordon was unconvinced .
On May 9th , 1973 , I was indicted on all 3 three counts by the U.S. Attorney 's Office for the Southern District of New York .
And 10 days later I was arrested , released on my own recognizance , and forbidden to leave the state without the court 's permission .
I was so shocked I think I momentarily lost consciousness because the room turned upside down .
I then rightly explained that Scientology could have obtained a blank piece of paper that I had touched , and typed threats on it afterwards .
He showed me the letters , and I truthfully testified that I had never touched or seen them before .
Then Gordon dropped the real bomb .
" Then how did your fingerprint get on one of them ? " he asked .
Even worse , during the grand jury , the prosecutor , John D. Gordon III , told me that if this Grand Jury decided that I had sent Scientology the 2 bomb threats , I faced 5 years in jail for each letter , 5 more for perjury for denying it , and $ 15,000 in fines .
I did n't take it seriously until I was called to appear before a federal grand jury - and was shocked to learn that I was the target ( suspect ) .
I had to hire a top law firm ( I chose one headed by Charles Stillman ) who required a $ 5,000 retainer on my meager freelance income .
Little did I realize that they would ultimately cost me $ 28,000 ( like $ 75,000 today ) and they would unsuccessfully sue me after the case was over for even more money !
Then , a few weeks later , I received a visit from a pompous FBI agent named Bruce Brotman .
He said the spokesman for the Church of Scientology in New York , James Meisler , claimed to have received 2 anonymous bomb threats and named me as a likely suspect .
I quickly moved to a safer doorman building .
But soon afterwards , 300 of my new neighbors received an anonymous smear letter about me , outrageously describing me as a part - time prostitute with VD !
Next , my cousin - who was also short and slim like me - was in my apartment alone when a man arrived with a " flower delivery " for me .
When she opened the door , the intruder pulled a gun out of the flowers and put it to her temple .
Fortunately , the gun jammed , misfired or was empty .
The man then began to choke her , and when she pulled away and screamed , he ran off .
The police said afterward that they were mystified , because there appeared to be no motive for the attack .
I was occasionally followed - often conspicuously as if to upset me - and people seemed to be trying to gain access to my apartment .
Then , in the basement of my small building , I discovered alligator clips on my phone wires - likely the remnants of a phone tap .
In it , among other things , I stated that the crux of Scientology - their e-meter which they say acts like a lie detector - produced questionable results ; that Hubbard had lied about his credentials ; that Charles Manson had called himself a Scientologist ; that some auditors had behaved improperly toward their " parishioners " ; that some who left may have feared being blackmailed ; that some defectors claimed that they had been psychologically damaged by Scientology , financially ripped - off , and / or harassed when they tried to leave or speak out .
I had obtained a master 's degree in psychology and had studied comparative religion at Harvard for a summer .
So I became interested in researching a newly - popular quasi- religious mental - health cult founded by science fiction writer L Ron Hubbard .
I started by writing an article exposing Scientology for the British Harper / Queen , ( now Harper 's Bazaar ) and expanded this into a book .
I have n't previously written about this from beginning to end because it 's still painful , but here goes .
In 1968 I was a struggling New York freelance writer , searching for an investigative story that would make a difference .
I was already used to controversy - and publicity - when a year earlier I had successfully stowed away on an ocean liner and wrote an article ( and sold movie rights ) about it that had appeared all over the world .
You may not believe this , but you can write something that some group does n't approve of and then have a quarter of your life almost ruined .
I know because it happened to me .
" I was named a likely suspect and the next thing I knew I was called to appear before a federal grand jury in New York . "
A New South Wales Catholic priest has pleaded guilty to molesting dozens of boys on separate occasions in the 1970s and 80s .
John Sidney Denham was originally charged with 134 child sex offences relating to 39 boys in Sydney , Newcastle , the Hunter Valley and the state 's mid-north coast .
Today he pleaded guilty to 29 offences , with the bulk of the other charges withdrawn .
Most of the victims were molested while they were students at St Pius X High School at Adamstown in Newcastle .
Denham was charged by Strikeforce Georgiana , which has laid more than 170 charges against three priests and another member of of the clergy over the past year .
The other priests are still awaiting trial .
Denham will be sentenced later this month .
Bill Cash has been an MP for 25 years Veteran Tory MP Bill Cash reportedly claimed £ 15,000 in expenses to rent a flat from his daughter , despite owning one which was closer to Parliament .
The Staffordshire MP named Laetitia Cash 's flat as his second home in 2004 - 5 , the Daily Telegraph said .
He said he had acted within the rules and said the taxpayer was no worse off than if he had rented one elsewhere .
Labour 's Elliot Morley , who claimed for a mortgage after it was paid off , is due to meet his local party officials .
The Scunthorpe MP , who blamed the £ 16,000 claims on sloppy accounting , said he would release a statement after speaking to them .
' Within the rules '
Meanwhile the Guardian has reported that at least 52 Labour MPs have formally approached Downing Street to apply for seats in the House of Lords after the next general election .
In its latest batch of disclosures about MPs ' expenses , the Telegraph said Mr Cash , MP for Stone in Staffordshire , rented a London property from his daughter - an aspiring MP .
MPs TO HAVE STOOD DOWN SINCE EXPENSES SCANDAL BROKE Ben Chapman ( Lab ) Ian McCartney ( Lab ) * Margaret Moran ( Lab ) Michael Martin ( Lab )
John Smith ( Lab ) * Christopher Fraser ( Con ) * Julie Kirkbride ( Con ) Ann Winterton ( Con ) * Nicholas Winterton ( Con ) * Andrew MacKay ( Con ) Peter Viggers ( Con ) Anthony Steen ( Con ) Douglas Hogg ( Con )
* These MPs say they are stepping down for other reasons
MPs Kirkbride and Moran to quit MP Fraser poised to leave Commons During 2004 and 2005 he was living in the Notting Hill property , he owned a flat in Pimlico - which is closer to Parliament - the newspaper reported .
At the time , it was within the rules - but the rules changed in July 2006 to stop MPs renting properties from close relatives .
He designated Mr Cash designated the flat as his second home with the Commons fees office and claimed more than £ 15,000 for rent - equivalent to about £ 1,200 a month .
Ms Cash - who stood as a Conservative candidate at the last general election - later sold the property for a £ 48,000 profit , the newspaper added .
It also reported that , after moving out , Mr Cash had nominated two private members ' clubs as his " second home " for allowances purposes over three months .
' Pay the price ' Mr Cash , an MP for 25 years , who is best known for his Eurosceptic views , told the BBC that he had shown the tenancy agreement to the Commons authorities and it had been approved .
He told the BBC : " I was within the rules under a tenancy agreement that was agreed in advance with the Fees Office . "
He also said that he had never claimed any allowances for his much larger main house in Shropshire , which would have cost the taxpayer much more .
He told the BBC he had not rented out his own London property while living at his daughter 's flat .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" The taxpayer was no worse off than they would have been if I had been renting it from anyone else . "
The Telegraph reported that Mr Cash indicated he would repay any money if asked to do so by the Conservative Party .
Since the Telegraph began its series of stories about what MPs have claimed , based on leaked receipts , 11 MPs have said they will stand down at the next election - some have said they are standing down for other reasons .
' Good judgement ' Conservative MPs Julie Kirkbride and Christopher Fraser and Labour 's Margaret Moran said on Thursday they would not defend their seats at the next election although all say they have done nothing wrong .
Mr Fraser said he was standing down for personal reasons to care for his ill wife .
Tory leader David Cameron has said all his MPs must justify their expenses claims to their constituents .
The idea that we 're turning a blind eye to it , we do n't think it 's serious , we hope it 'll all be swept under the carpet , that is not our approach at all
Harriet Harman
Labour deputy leader Eight Conservative MPs have already announced they will be standing down and some have repaid money claimed .
Two Labour MPs have been suspended from the Parliamentary Labour Party and four others have announced their intention to stand down .
Speaker Michael Martin is also standing down .
Labour 's deputy leader Harriet Harman told the BBC on Friday that Labour MPs had to answer to their constituents .
She said : " The idea that we 're turning a blind eye to it , we do n't think it 's serious , we hope it 'll all be swept under the carpet , that is not our approach at all . "
" If people have done wrong they have got to pay the price for that .
We 're saying it 's not just that people have got to have made their claims in good faith , but they 've got to have exercised good judgement because that 's how their constituents will judge them . "
Several MPs have been accused of avoiding paying capital gains tax on properties they had designated as their second homes for expenses purposes .
There have also been questions over MPs who have claimed for tax advice on expenses .
Ms Harman said : " If there 's tax to be paid , it 's got to be paid .
We actually set the taxes so we 're the first people who should be paying them . "
On Friday the Telegraph reported that Labour MP Nigel Griffiths claimed £ 3,600 for a digital TV and radio set which was rejected .
Mr Griffiths said the Commons authorities had turned down the claim for a TV and radio and he had bought the items without spending any public money .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
YouTube has been moving to bring in legitimate , licensed content from TV networks and movie studios for some time , inking deals with the likes of CBS and MGM , among others .
Now , that professionally produced content is going to become the focal point of the site , as Google plans to launch a major redesign within the next month .
According to ClickZ , YouTube ’s main navigation will soon be switched to “ Movies , Music , Shows , and Videos .
The first three tabs will display premium shows , clips , and movies from Google 's network and studio partners , all of which will be monetized with in - stream advertising . ”
Meanwhile , the user - generated content that was the original premise for the site will be relegated to the “ Videos ” tab .
This new navigation makes
YouTube considerably more like Hulu , who offers two main options in its navigation – TV and Movies – from the video site ’s parent companies : NBC and News Corp .
Why would YouTube want to emulate Hulu , which , though relatively popular , is still just a fraction of the size of YouTube ?
The main reason is that YouTube has been somewhat infamously unable to generate much money considering the size of its audience , whereas Hulu is able to attract high - end advertisers both because of its agency ties and its lack of more difficult to monetize user - generated content .
While I understand why Google might want to effectively “ hide ” user - generated videos from a business perspective , at the moment , it ’s going to make the site a lot less engaging for users , simply because of the lack of quality pro content hosted on YouTube .
Other than music videos , YouTube ’s content catalog lags well behind that of its peers ( I recently called it the TBS of online video ) .
Unless deals are reached to bring its content catalog up to par – and these too are rumored – launching the said redesign would seem to be a mistake by YouTube .
And as the mining company supplying more than 50 per cent of the world 's tantalum demand , Australia 's Talison Minerals should have been reaping the rewards of its market domination .
Talison - which operates tantalum mines at Wodgina in the Pilbara and Greenbushes , three hours ' drive south - east of Perth - has instead spent the past three years scaling down its operations .
That process culminated last December in the mothballing of the second and largest of its mines at Wodgina - a decision that brought a halt to all of its tantalum mining and most of its processing .
With spot prices for tantalum today in the doldrums , high extraction and compliance costs and an unfavourable exchange rate , the company says it 's no longer viable to mine the ore in Australia .
As a result , what was a multi-million dollar export market has all but dried up .
Peter Robinson , a veteran mining executive who has been Talison 's chief executive since 2006 , says it 's not just the fault of the prevailing economic climate .
The roots of Talison 's problems lie in a conflict that is being fought out 10,000 kilometres away on the other side of the Indian Ocean .
Blood tantalum
For much of the past decade , cheap supplies of tantalum derived from mines under the control of various rebel groups based in the north - eastern regions of the Democratic Republic of Congo ( DRC ) have flowed into a long and complex supply chain .
Among those groups profiting from this trade are Hutu militia associated with the 1994 Rwandan genocide .
" There does n't seem to be any shortage of material coming from that area , " Robinson says .
" People are making money wherever they can . "
In central Africa , tantalum is extracted from an ore called coltan , short for columbite - tantalite .
Coltan is found in alluvial deposits or mined in primitive open - cut pits by workers - some of whom are children , enslaved or indentured - using the most basic of tools .
In the same way that the Taliban uses opium to fund its war in Afghanistan , or rebel groups in Colombia thrive off the proceeds of cocaine sales , the civil war in Congo is bankrolled by the sale of illegally mined " conflict resources " such as tantalum .
The International Rescue Committee refugee action group says the conflict has resulted in the death of over 5.4 million Congolese over the past decade .
" The economic dimension of the conflict has always been an important dimension but originally when some of these armed groups were created they were n't necessarily there to exploit the minerals , " says Carina Tertsakian , a team leader with Global Witness , a London - based NGO that investigates natural resource exploitation .
" But as they managed to take over territory and found that these territories were very rich in minerals they then took advantage of that - a kind of opportunistic behaviour . "
The problem now , she says , is that , having realised that there 's money to be made , they 've become more difficult to dislodge .
The Merchant of Death
The man who is above all responsible for making the trade in this so - called " blood tantalum " a profitable one is Victor Bout , a 42 - year - old former Russian military officer dubbed the Merchant of Death .
Beginning in the mid-'90s , Bout ran a business that was built around his fleet of Soviet - era cargo planes , which he used to conduct his clandestine smuggling operations across sub-Saharan Africa and Afghanistan , busting sanctions , fomenting civil wars and genocide .
He had supplied arms and logistical support to the UNITA rebel group in the Angolan civil war and to the former Liberia president ( and now indicted war criminal ) Charles Taylor in Sierra Leone .
Both operations were funded in part by the sale of blood diamonds .
Bout , who was named in a United Nations report as a part of a " transnational criminal network " , simply transplanted the business model into the eastern Congo when the fallout from the Rwandan genocide spilled over into its neighbour 's resource - rich regions .
" A UN report from 2002 found that 70 per cent of the coltan exported from DRC was mined by the Rwandan army and that Bout 's aircraft were used in flying it out , " says André Verløy , who investigated Bout in 2002 during his time at the Washington - based Centre for Public Integrity .
The investigation was part of an online project called Making a Killing : the Business of War , which explored the world of arms traffickers , resources exploiters and corrupt politicians who profited from wars and also developed an interest in perpetuating them .
These days ,
Bout spends his time inside Bangkok 's Klong Prem prison waiting for the outcome of an extradition request from the US where he is wanted on arms smuggling charges .
Lured from his Moscow lair to Thailand last year , the man described by the author and terrorism expert Douglas Farah as the " prototype of the 21st century facilitator of the criminal / terrorist network " , was captured in an elaborate sting led by the US Drug Enforcement Agency .
But back in the late 1990s and the early years of this decade it was Bout 's flair for logistics and warmongering that helped keep the Congo in perpetual anarchy .
Pressuring the supply chain Robinson knows where the blame lies .
He says it 's the pressure being exerted by manufacturers in the electronic industry supply chain to keep prices low that encourages buyers to seek the cheapest possible sources .
And he 's not alone in that assessment .
Two NGOs , Global Witness and The Enough Project , are ramping up separate campaigns to alert equipment and component manufacturers and consumers to the role that conflict minerals such as tantalum ( and tin and tungsten ) play in Congo 's turmoil .
In February , during the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona , Global Witness wrote to major mobile phone manufacturers as well as mineral and metal traders to ask them what due diligence measures they were taking to ensure that their sourcing practices were not fuelling the conflict .
" The main problem is that these foreign companies are not asking serious questions about where products are coming from , " says Global Witness 's Tertsakian .
" They are quite happy to carry on buying minerals from [ middle men ] knowing that at least some of them may have been produced by or passed through the hands of armed groups . "
In the past week , there 's finally been some action .
The Luxembourg - based metals investor Traxys has announced it will cease buying ore from mines in eastern Congo from June 1 .
Traxys was named in UN report last year for purchasing tin and coltan ore from companies with links to mines controlled by a Rwandan Hutu rebel group .
And this may be buttressed by legislation that is being drafted in the United States .
Late last month , a Republican US Senator and two Democrat colleagues got the process under way .
The Congo Conflict Minerals
Act calls on the United States to support efforts to " investigate , monitor , and stop activities involving natural resources that contribute to illegally armed groups and human rights violations in eastern Congo " .
The legislation would also put the armed groups that control the eastern provinces of the Congo and their finances under increased scrutiny .
And it would require US companies to adhere to much stricter rules on the disclosure of the origins of any of the three key conflict minerals for this region .
That type of compliance is going to make life tougher for the likes of Apple , Sony , Dell and Nokia .
But if he helps to stem the flow of minerals from Congo , it will put a smile back on the face of Talison 's Peter Robinson .
--------------------------------------
Extra resources : Video and Multimedia : :: Rape of a Nation - a multimedia presentation by MediaStorm .
:: Devil 's Bargain - documentary about arms smuggling featuring Viktor Bout . :: Congo's Bloody Coltan - video report from the Pulitzer Centre on Crisis Reporting .
:: Environmental issues related to ASM in the Kivus - A slideshow by Estelle Levin Articles : :: The Dirt in the New Machine - NYT magazine artcile on coltan mining in the DRC
:: Arms and the Man - NYT magazine article by Peter Landesman :: The Merchant of Death ( PDF ) - Douglas Farah on Viktor Bout , Foreign Policy Magazine , Nov/Dec 2006
:: Taking Down Arms Dealer Viktor Bout - Men 's Journal 's piece on the downfall of Viktor Bout Viktor Bout 's Last Deal - Mother Jones article from Reports :
:: Making a Killing - The Centre for Public Integrity 's report on Viktor Bout and the business of illegal gun-running . :: Coltan Mining in the Democratic Republic of Congo ( PDF ) - a report by Karen Hayes and Richard Burge for Fauna and Flora International
With the U.S. Open taking place this weekend , we thought we would take a look at one of the most under appreciated aspects of the game , the Caddy .
What better way to honor the caddy than to remember those caddies who have entertained us in film and television .
As this quote from Caddyshack illustrates , the caddy is n’t often a respected position :
I ’m going to put it right on the line .
There ’s been a lot of complaints already .
Fooling around on the course , bad language , smoking grass , poor caddying .
If you guys want to get fired .
If you want to be replaced by golf carts , just keep it up .
For this list , we stuck with memorable characters from the past thirty years .
Let us know in the comments section if we have left off any of your favorites .
5. Otto – Happy Gilmore
Played by Allen Covert , Otto is the homeless man that Happy Gilmore hires to carry his bag after he beats up the young kid that is assigned to him .
Otto is a bit shaggy , and bathes in a water hazard , but overall he is the type of caddy that stays out of your way .
He earns a place on this list purely for comedic value , and not for any particular bag handling skill .
4. Stan the Caddy – Seinfeld
Played by Armin Shimerman , Stan appeared in Seinfeld ‘s episode 122 , ‘ The Caddy ’ .
While only appearing in one episode , we have to think that Stan was an excellent caddy , based on the testimonial of Kramer alone , “ Stan ’s advice has transformed my game .
He ’s never wrong .
Oh , he thinks eventually I ’ll have a shot at making it big on the senior tour . ”
3. Danny Noonan – Caddyshack
Played by Michael O’Keefe , Danny Noonan is the main caddy in the classic golf comedy , Caddyshack .
While the movie obviously featured the talents of Chevy Chase , Rodney Dangerfield and Bill Murray , there was still some plot carved out for this young caddy .
In a move that might upset some people , I do rank him 3rd on my list even though he sank the winning putt .
2. Romeo Posar – Tin Cup
Played by Cheech Marin , Romeo is Roy McAvoy ’s ( Kevin Costner ) faithful caddy in Tin Cup .
Romeo attempts to ground Roy in the film , with lines such as , “ He may be a “ soulless robot ” , but he ’s a rich , happy , soulless robot … with a beautiful doctor lady girlfriend . ”
Cheech later said of his role , ” I was looking to do anything that did n’t have a big joint in it . ”
1. Bagger Vance – The Legend of Bagger Vance
Played by Will Smith , Bagger Vance is the mystical caddy and teacher to Rannulph Junuh ( Matt Damon ) in the 2000 film , ‘ The Legend of Bagger Vance ‘ .
He helps Junuh to come to grips with his personal demons and helps him to play golf again .
His effectiveness as a caddy , and prominence in the film easily place him at the top of this list .
Honorable Mention : Eddie from ‘ The Greatest Game Ever Played ‘ , who is technically not fictional as the movie was based on a true story .
For more golfing goodness , we recommend :
I sent eCreamery as a gift to my dad for Father 's Day .
He absolutely loved it !
It 's a perfect gift for someone that 's hard to buy for .
Who does n't love ice cream ?
Best of all , it was still perfectly frozen upon arrival
Look closely at recent supermarket coupons , and you may see some new markings on them near the traditional bar code : sets of neat black bars stacked in two rows .
The new symbols , called GS1 DataBars , can store more data than traditional bar codes , promising new ways for stores to monitor inventory and for customers to save money .
One use of the symbols will be in sophisticated coupon offers that combine deals on multiple products , said Jackie Broberg , who leads coupon control management at General Mills in Minneapolis .
A single coupon , for example , could offer discounts on three separate items like eggs , bacon and biscuits , all in one transaction .
Another use of the new symbols is already helping to streamline operations for a common speed bump in the checkout process : loose produce .
During the past three years , for example , the Loblaw Companies , the big Canadian supermarket chain , has gradually switched to scannable , miniaturized DataBar labels pasted onto some fruits and vegetables .
Instead of entering a 4 - or 5 - digit number to look up a price , cashiers scan the DataBars on the produce , said Eric Biddiscombe , senior director of planning in Cambridge , Ontario .
" It 's quicker and far more accurate , " Biddiscombe said .
But the system is valuable not only for speeding checkout times and for keeping track of different varieties of bulk vegetables and fruits sold .
It also prevents another checkout problem : cashiers mistaking organic vegetables for less expensive , conventionally grown ones , and ringing them up for the lower price .
" The price difference between organic and field tomatoes may be 40 cents a pound or more , " he said .
" When they are n't rung up as organic , that bites into our profit margins . "
Kelly Kirschner , senior marketing manager at Sinclair International , a company in Fresno , Calif. , that makes labeling for produce , said DataBars were gradually becoming popular because of limitations of the standard bar code .
The standard code , she said , " takes up too much space to be used on loose produce , plus it is for fixed - weight items " -- for example , 12 - ounce boxes of cereal .
The DataBar , by contrast , allows stores to scan for variable weight information .
The labels help stores keep better records , she said .
If retailers are receiving Red Delicious apples from three separate suppliers at prices of $ 8 to $ 10 a carton , and all the apples are dumped into a single bin , retailers can still tell how many they sold of each lot , as each DataBar is tied to a purchase record .
The next use of DataBars at the supermarket will probably be for goods bought at the delicatessen counter , and for fresh meats and poultry , said Stephen Arens , director , industry development , at GS1 US in Lawrenceville , N.J. GS1 US is the trade organization working to move the DataBar standard forward in the United States .
A poultry DataBar , for example , might contain not only the price and product category , but also a sell - by date .
If a consumer chose an outdated package , the label would alert the cashier at checkout .
In the future , coupon bar codes will probably be read less from strips of paper , and more from cellphones that people hold out for scanning by the cashier .
Samplesaint , a mobile marketing company in Chicago , for example , has developed technology that lets supermarket scanners pick up the image of a coupon bar code directly from the display on a cellphone .
In Samplesaint 's system , coupons are sent directly to consumers ' cellphones by text message .
The coupon's bar code is small enough to fit on the screen of any mobile phone , said Walid Johnson , director of research and development .
Samplesaint erases the coupons from the cellphone after they are scanned at the supermarket , an action that reduces coupon fraud , he said .
" Once coupons are used , they can't be forwarded or sent on to anyone else , " he said .
" We remove them from the phone . "
The Samplesaint system will be used this month in a joint trial with Unilever , the consumer products company , at a ShopRite supermarket in Hillsborough , N.J. Consumers can register for coupons from their computer at www.samplesaint.com from their computer or at m.samplesaint.com from their mobile phone Web browser .
They can also text from the supermarket to receive a coupon , he said .
In the test , supermarket checkers will be scanning the traditional bar codes .
But Samplesaint is prepared to handle the new DataBars , too , when supermarkets are ready .
" Our technology can generate the old symbols and the new ones , " Johnson said .
Giordano Bruno : The Forgotten Philosopher
by John J. Kessler , Ph.D. , Ch.E .
Filosofo , arso vivo a Roma , PER VOLONTA DEL PAPA IL 17 FEBBRAIO 1600
In the year 1548 an Italian boy was born in the little town of Nola , not far from Vesuvius .
Although , he spent the greater part of his life in hostile and foreign countries he was drawn back to his home at the end of his travels and after he had written nearly twenty books .
When he was thirteen years old he began to go to school at the Monastery of Saint Domenico .
It was a famous place .
Thomas Aquinas , himself a Dominican , had lived there and taught .
Within a few years Bruno had become a Dominican priest .
It was not long before the monks of Saint Dominico began to learn something about the extraordinary enthusiasm of their young colleague .
He was frank , outspoken and lacking in reticence .
It was not long before he got himself into trouble .
It was evident that this boy could not be made to fit into Dominican grooves .
One of the first things that a student has to learn is to give the teacher the answers that the teacher wants .
The average teacher is the preserver of the ancient land marks .
The students are his audience .
They applaud but they must not innovate .
They must learn to labor and to wait .
It was not Bruno 's behavior but his opinions that got him into trouble .
He ran away from school , from his home town , from his own country and tried to find among strangers and foreigners a congenial atmosphere for his intellectual integrity that he could not find at home .
It is difficult not to get sentimental about Bruno .
He was a man without a country and , finally , without a church .
Bruno was interested in the nature of ideas .
Although the name was not yet invented it will be perfectly proper to dub Bruno as an epistemologist , or as a pioneer Semanticist .
He takes fresh stock of the human mind .
It is an interesting fact that here , at the close of the 16th Century , a man , closed in on all sides by the authority of priestly tradition , makes what might be termed a philosophical survey of the world which the science of the time was disclosing .
It is particularly interesting because it is only in the 20th Century that the habit of this sort of speculation is again popular .
Bruno lived in a period when philosophy became divorced from science .
Perhaps it might be better to say that science became divorced from philosophy .
Scientists became too intrigued with their new toys to bother about philosophy .
They began to busy themselves with telescopes and microscopes and chemical glassware .
In 1581 Bruno went to Paris and began to give lectures on philosophy .
It was not an uncommon thing for scholars to wander from place to place .
He made contacts easily and was able to interest any group with whom he came in contact with the fire of his ideas .
His reputation reached King Henry III who became curious to look over this new philosophical attraction .
Henry
Ill was curious to find out if Bruno 's art was that of the magician or the sorcerer .
Bruno had made a reputation for himself as a magician who could inspire greater memory retention .
Bruno satisfied the king that his system was based upon organized knowledge .
Bruno found a real patron in Henry Ill and it had much to do with the success of his short career in Paris .
It was about this time that one of Bruno 's earliest works was published , De Umbras Idearum , The Shadows of Ideas , which was shortly followed by Ars Mernoriae , Art of Memory .
In these books he held that ideas are only the shadows of truth .
The idea was extremely novel in his time .
In the same year a third book followed : Brief Architecture of the Art of Lully with its Completion .
Lully had tried to prove the dogmas of the church by human reason .
Bruno denies the value of such mental effort .
He points out that Christianity is entirely irrational , that it is contrary to philosophy and that it disagrees with other religions .
He points out that we accept it through faith , that revelation , so called , has no scientific basis .
In his fourth work he selects the Homeric sorcerer Circi who changed men into beasts and makes Circi discuss with her handmaiden a type of error which each beast represents .
The book ' Cantus Circaeus , ' The Incantation of Circe , shows Bruno working with the principle of the association of ideas , and continually questioning the value of traditional knowledge methods .
In the year 1582 , at the age of 34 he wrote a play Il Candelajo , The Chandler .
He thinks as a candle - maker who works with tallow and grease and then has to go out and vend his wares with shouting and ballyhoo :
" Behold in the candle borne by this Chandler , to whom I give birth , that which shall clarify certain shadows of ideas ... I need not instruct you of my belief .
Time gives all and takes all away ; everything changes but nothing perishes .
One only is immutable , eternal and ever endures , one and the same with itself .
With this philosophy my spirit grows , my mind expands .
Whereof , however obscure the night may be , I await the daybreak , and they who dwell in day look for night ...
Rejoice therefore , and keep whole , if you can , and return love for love . "
There came a time when the novelty of Bruno had worn off in France and he felt that it was time to move on .
He went to England to begin over again and to find a fresh audience .
He failed to make scholastic contact with Oxford .
Oxford , like other European universities of this time , paid scholastic reverence to the authority of Aristotle .
A great deal has been written about the Middle Ages being throttled by the dead hand of Aristotle .
It was not the methods of Aristotle nor the fine mind of Aristotle which were so much in question as it was the authority of Aristotle .
A thing must be believed because Aristotle said it .
It was part of the method of Bruno to object in his own strenuous fashion to the cramming down one 's throat of statements of fact because Aristotle had made such statements when they were plainly at variance with the fresh sense experience which science was producing .
In his work The Ash Wednesday Supper , a story of a private dinner , being entertained by English guests , Bruno spreads the Copernican doctrine .
A new astronomy had been offered the world at which people were laughing heartily , because it was at variance with the teachings of Aristotle .
Bruno was carrying on a spirited propaganda in a fighting mood .
Between the year 1582 and 1592 there was hardly a teacher in Europe who was persistently , openly and actively spreading the news about the " universe which Copernicus had charted , except Giordano Bruno .
A little later on another and still more famous character was to take up the work : Galilee .
Galileo never met Bruno in person and makes no mention of him in his works , although he must have read some of them .
We may not blame Galilee for being diplomat enough to withhold mention of a recognized heretic .
Galilee has often been criticized because he played for personal safety in the matter of his own difficulties .
We demand a great deal of our heroes .
While in England Bruno had a personal audience with Queen Elizabeth .
He wrote of her in the superlative fashion of the time calling her diva , Protestant Ruler , sacred , divine , the very words he used for His Most Christian Majesty and Head of The Holy Roman Empire .
This was treasured against him when he was later brought to trial as an atheist , an infidel and a heretic .
Queen Elizabeth did not think highly of Bruno .
She thought him as wild , radical , subversive and dangerous .
Bruno found Englishmen rather crude .
Bruno had no secure place in either Protestant or Roman Catholic religious communities .
He carried out his long fight against terrible odds .
He had lived in Switzerland and France and was now in England and left there for Germany .
He translated books , read proofs , and got together groups and lectured for whatever he could get out of it .
It requires no great stretch of the imagination to picture him as a man who mended his own clothes , who was often cold , hungry and shabby .
There are only a few things that we know about Bruno with great certainty and these facts are the ideas which he left behind in his practically forgotten books , the bootleg literature of their day .
After twenty years in exile we picture him as homesick , craving the sound of his own native tongue and the companionship of his own countrymen .
But he continued to write books .
In his book De la Causa , principio et uno , On Cause , Principle , and Unity we find prophetic phrases :
" This entire globe , this star , not being subject to death , and dissolution and annihilation being impossible anywhere in Nature , from time to time renews itself by changing and altering all its parts .
There is no absolute up or down , as Aristotle taught ; no absolute position in space ; but the position of a body is relative to that of other bodies .
Everywhere there is incessant relative change in position throughout the universe , and the observer is always at the center of things . "
His other works were The Infinity , the Universe and Its Worlds , The Transport of Intrepid Souls , and Cabala of the Steed like unto Pegasus with the Addition of the Ass of Cyllene , an ironical discussion of the pretensions of superstition .
This " ass , " says Bruno , is to be found everywhere , not only in the church but in courts of law and even in colleges .
In his book The Expulsion of the ' Triumphant Beast ' he flays the pedantries he finds in Catholic and Protestant cultures .
In yet another book The Threefold Leas and Measure of the Three Speculative Sciences and the Principle of Many Practical Arts , we find a discussion on a theme which was to be handled in a later century by the French philosopher Descartes .
The book was written five years before Descartes was born and in it he says : " Who so itcheth to Philosophy must set to work by putting all things to the doubt . "
He also wrote Of the Unit , Quantity and Shape and another work On Images , Signs and Ideas , as well as On What is Immense and Innumerable ; Exposition of the Thirty Seals and List of Metaphysical Terms for Taking the Study of Logic and Philosophy in Hand .
His most interesting title is One Hundred Sixty Articles Directed Against the Mathematics and Philosophers of the Day .
One of his last works , The Fastenings of Kind , was unfinished .
It is easy to get an impression of the reputation which Bruno had created by the year 1582 in the minds of the clerical authorities of southern Europe .
He had written of an infinite universe which had left no room for that greater infinite conception which is called God .
He could not conceive that God and nature could be separate and distinct entities as taught by Genesis , as taught by the Church and as even taught by Aristotle .
He preached a philosophy which made the mysteries of the virginity of Mary , of the crucifixion and the mass , meaningless .
He was so naive that he could not think of his own mental pictures as being really heresies .
He thought of the Bible as a book which only the ignorant could take literally .
The Church 's methods were , to say the least , unfortunate , and it encouraged ignorance from the instinct of self - preservation .
Bruno wrote : " Everything , however men may deem it assured and evident , proves , when it is brought under discussion to be no less doubtful than are extravagant and absurd beliefs . "
He coined the phrase " Libertes philosophica . "
The right to think , to dream , if you like , to make philosophy .
After 14 years of wandering about Europe Bruno turned his steps toward home .
Perhaps he Was homesick .
Some writers have it that he was framed .
For Bruno to go back to Italy is as strange a paradox as that of the rest of his life .
He was invited to Venice by a young man whose name was Mocenigo , who offered him a home and who then brought charges against him before the Inquisition .
The case dragged on .
He was a prisoner in the Republic of Venice but a greater power wanted him and he was surrendered to Rome .
For six years , between 1593 and 1600 he lay in a Papal prison .
Was he forgotten , tortured ?
Whatever historical records there are never have been published by those authorities who have them .
In the year 1600 a German scholar Schoppius happened to be in Rome and wrote about Bruno , who was interrogated several times by the Holy Office and convicted by the chief theologians .
At one time he obtained forty days to consider his position ; by and by he promised to recant , then renewed his " follies . "
Then he got another forty days for deliberation but did nothing but baffle the pope and the Inquisition .
After two years in the custody of the Inquisitor he was taken on February ninth to the palace of the Grand Inquisitor to hear his sentence on bended knee , before the expert assessors and the Governor of the City .
Bruno answered the sentence of death by fire with the threatening : " Perhaps you , my judges , pronounce this sentence against me with greater fear than I receive it . "
He was given eight more clays to see whether he would repent .
But it was no use .
He was taken to the stake and as he was dying a crucifix was presented to him , but he pushed it away with fierce scorn .
They were wise in getting rid of him for he wrote no more books , but they should have strangled him when he was born .
As it turned out , they did not get rid of him at all .
His fate was not an unusual one for heretics ; this strange madcap genius was quickly forgotten .
His works were honored by being placed on the Index expurgatorius on August 7 , 1603 , and his books became rare .
They never obtained any great popularity .
In the early part of the 18th Century English deists rediscovered Bruno and tried to excite the imagination of the public with the retelling of the story of his life , but this aroused no particular enthusiasm .
The enthusiasm of German philosophy reached the subject of Bruno when Jacobi ( 1743 -1819 ) drew attention to the genius of Bruno and German thinkers generally recognized his genius but they did not read his books .
In the latter part of the 19th Century Italian scholars began to be intrigued with Bruno and for a while " Bruno Mania " was part of the intellectual enthusiasm of cultured Italians .
Bruno began to be a symbol to represent the forward - looking free - thinking type of philosopher and scientist , and has become a symbol of scientific martyrdom .
Bruno was a truant , a philosophical tramp , a poetic vagrant , but has no claims to the name of scientist .
His works are not found in American libraries .
In this age of biographical writing it is surprising that no modern author has attempted to reconstruct his life , important because it is in the direct line of modern progress .
Bruno was a pioneer who roused Europe from its long intellectual sleep .
He was martyred for his enthusiasm .
Bruno was born five years after Copernicus died .
He had bequeathed an intoxicating idea to the generation that was to follow him .
We hear a lot in our own day about the expanding universe .
We have learned to accept it as something big .
The thought of the Infinity of the Universe was one of the great stimulating ideas of the Renaissance .
It was no longer a 15th Century God 's backyard .
And it suddenly became too vast to be ruled over by a 15th Century God .
Bruno tried to imagine a god whose majesty should dignify the majesty of the stars .
He devised no new metaphysical quibble nor sectarian schism .
He was not playing politics .
He was fond of feeling deep thrills over high visions and he liked to talk about his experiences .
And all of this refinement went through the refiners ' fire -- that the world might be made safe from the despotism of the ecclesiastic 16th Century Savage .
He suffered a cruel death and achieved a unique martyr 's fame .
He has become the Church 's most difficult alibi .
She can explain away the case of Galileo with suave condescension .
Bruno sticks in her throat .
He is one martyr whose name should lead all the rest .
He was not a mere religious sectarian who was caught up in the psychology of some mob hysteria .
He was a sensitive , imaginative poet , fired with the enthusiasm of a larger vision of a larger universe ... and he fell into the error of heretical belief .
For this poets vision he was kept in a dark dungeon for eight years and then taken out to a blazing market place and roasted to death by fire .
It is an incredible story .
The " Church " will never outlive him .
Employee management can take on all shapes and forms in today 's economy .
When a company 's sales slow down , managers typically seek to keep labor costs in check by limiting or reducing headcount and then relying on part - time workers and freelancers to fill gaps .
But as businesses add more part - timers to their workforces , they must adapt to changing dynamics in matters ranging from productivity and customer service , to meeting deadlines .
We asked business owners and human - resources experts for advice on how to manage part - time employees , and how to successfully integrate part - time employees on your staff .
1. Write a proper job description .
Just because an employee is working part - time does n't mean they should be given a series of miscellaneous tasks .
No position -- not even a part - time position -- should be treated ad hoc .
Because the part - time employee will have a more limited presence in the office , it is even more important to set clear goals and expectations for their position , says Nancy Mobley , founder and CEO of Insight Performance , a Boston - based HR consulting firm .
" When interviewing potential employees , make sure to state the requirements of the position , as well as the hours and number of days a week they will need to be in the office , " says Mobley .
Both the business owner and the part - time employee should be on the same page when it comes to the time commitment the job requires .
2. Assign part - timers to projects , rather than to departments or teams .
At Think Big Solutions , a Denver - based marketing firm , CEO Shawn Allison has hired part - time employees to handle some accounting and marketing projects because the work is straightforward and task - oriented .
" When I brought part - time employees into my company , it was because I had a very specific issue to address , " Allison recalls .
" I needed a skilled controller but could n't afford to pay a full - time salary with benefits . "
Other functions , such as customer service and sales , are less hospitable to part - time work , he adds , because the workflow is not as regimented and requires staff members to interact with and provide service to clients whose needs are unpredictable and impossible to schedule .
3 . Avoid treating a part - timer like a second - class employee .
Even though some of your employees may not be in the office all day , they are still considered part of your staff , and business owners should make sure that part - time employees receive important company - wide communications and are kept abreast of major decisions affecting their departments .
" You have to work really hard as a business owner to include everybody , and be careful not to label people only as part - time or full - time staff , " says Mobley .
Their value to the company " should be looked at in terms of the employee 's function and not the amount of hours they are working . "
And you should take steps to make sure your staff shares this attitude .
At Fat Atom Internet Marketing based in Carmel , Indiana , president Todd Muffley makes sure that his part - time employees get to know the full - time staff by encouraging them to attend company social events and by organizing a number of professional events at which they are able to interact .
This minimizes any division between full - and part - timers and creates an environment where part - time employees are perceived as equals .
4. Gather contact information .
Inevitably , there will be days when something urgent comes up and your part - time employee is out of the office .
Most part - timers understand the need to make themselves available during off - hours , should an urgent matter arise .
Make sure you know where to reach them when they are out of the office -- and make certain they are clear about when they need to answer the phone .
To ensure that communication on projects continues after part - timers leave for the day , Muffley issues all employees company cell phones .
" This gives part - time employees a way to be accessible and they do an excellent job of answering their phones outside the office , " he says .
5. Schedule regular meetings .
Insight Performance 's Mobley suggests setting " core hours " for your business -- perhaps they are from 10 to 2 -- or a bracket of time during the day when all of your staff is there , when meetings can be held , and when important decisions are made .
This allows part - time staffers to feel connected to the company during the time they are in the office .
" We include our part - time staff in our strategy sessions and our team meetings , and they come up with some great ideas , " says Steve Durie , CEO of Secure Search , a Denver - based company that conducts background screenings for employers and educational organizations .
It 's also a good idea to have a weekly check - in meeting with your part - timers .
At her weekly meeting , Mobley encourages employees to express any concerns they may be having about their job or just discuss how things are going .
6. Understand the relevant employment law .
Each state has its own laws when it comes to how much time off part - time employees are allotted , both for daily breaks and for vacation time .
If you do n't have a benefits administrator at your company , the U.S. Department of Labor 's website provides the relevant compliance laws for part - time employees in your state .
At Insight , Mobley offers benefits to employees who are working 28 hours or more .
That 's fairly uncommon :
At most companies , an employee who is working between 20 and 30 hours a week is not eligible for benefits .
Another legal tip :
When interviewing someone for a part - time position , it is important to be consistent with your hiring procedures .
" Your interview questions should be the same for both part - time and full - time positions , " says Mobley .
You 're entering murky waters when you start asking about personal circumstances or why an applicant might prefer to work part - time .
If you then use that information as the basis of a hiring decision -- for example , hiring an employee who does n't have kids over someone who does -- it could ultimately be used against you as discrimination , says Mobley .
" Be clear about the qualifications for the position , but steer clear of asking about personal situations . "
7 . Keep in mind that managers -- as well as junior employees - - can work part - time .
Christophe Ena / Associated Press
John Martin picked up game - by - game coverage in the third set of the men ’s semifinal match between Roger Federer and Juan Martin del Potro .
Del Potro , hitting powerful ground strokes that keep Roger Federer off balance , won the first and third sets , mounting a lead , 6 - 3 , 6 - 7 , 6 - 2 .
The crowd roared with approval for both players , but at that point there seemed to be an apprehension setting in among Federer fans that he was headed for defeat .
Del Potro had broken Federer ’s serve four of the 11 chances he has had .
It started as a tough day for Federer , who is seeking his first French Open title .
The distance seemed to be growing at that point in the match .
Fifth set : Federer wins set and the match
Final score : 3 - 6 , 7 - 6 , 2 - 6 , 6 -1 , 6 -
4
Federer jumps to 30 - 0 lead on two Del Potro unforced errors into the net .
The Argentine smashes a winning cross-court backhand to pull back into the game At 30 - 15 , Federer hits a forehand winner to set up match point .
Standing at the line , he bounces the ball several times .
Serves to Del Potro ’s forehand , then whips the return cross court to win the match , 6 - 4 , in the fifth set .
In his quest to complete the career Grand Slam , Federer will face Robin Soderling in the finals on Sunday .
Fifth set : Federer leads , 5 - 4
Sensing possible defeat , Del Potro took a 40 - 30 lead on his serve , then double faulted to give Federer a glimpse at victory .
It came a point later , when Federer slashed a forehand service return to Del Potro ’s feet , set up a match point .
But Federer ’s backhand sailed wide and it was back to deuce .
When Del Potro hit a serve into Federer , the Swiss found himself feebly retjurning into the net , then hitting long .
Lost opportunity , but Federer still can serve out the match by winning his serve .
Fifth set : Federer leads , 5 - 3
With Federer serving , the Argentine began to falter .
Driving Del Potro from corner to corner , Federer took a 40 - 15 lead , then tried an untimely drop shot .
Del Potro roared in from the baseline and pushed the ball past Federer down the ling .
Finally , Federer forced Del Potro to it long .
Federer leads , 5 - 3
Fifth set : Federer breaks and leads , 4 - 3
Federer struck early , weaving forcing shots and crosscourt running shots to lead Del Potro to 0 - 40 .
Del Potro struck back forcing Federer to hit a backhand into the net .
Then , serving at 30 - 40 , the Argentine unleashed a slashing crosscourt forehand into the corner .
Federer could only stare at it .
But Federer returned deep and Del Potro timidly slapped it into the net , giving the Swiss another break point Del Potro doubled faulted to lose the game and trail , 4 - 3 .
Federer serves next .
Fifth set : tied at 3 -
3
Federer fell behind on his serve , 15 - 40 , the last point on a top - spin lob that Del Potro lofted over his head .
Then , charging and leaping with a backhand to the ad court , Del Potro forced Federer to hit limply into the net and took the game .
Fifth set : Federer leads , 3 - 2
Del Potro ’s serve appears to be breaking down .
Punching his first serves wide , the Argentine found himself at 30 - 30 .
Then , Federer faltered , netting a backand service return , giving Del Potro a game point .
Then in a long rally , Federer forced his way to net with an approach shot that appeared to be going long until Del Potrol unwisely hit it in the air .
Federer punched the volley away to pull up to a break pint .
But he could n’t hold it and Del Potro stormed the net two points later and punched a backhand volley down the line .
Federer merely watched it bounce in and beyond him .
The score : Federer 3 , Del Potro 2 . Federer serves next .
Fifth set : Federer leads , 3 -
1
Winding up and slamming the serve down the T , Del Potro pulled up to within a game , then Federer pulled out the artillery , taking a 40 - 15 lead that he could n’t hold .
It drained away to 40 - 40 on two Federer unforced errors .
At that point , Del Potro returned a serve long and Federer was on the doorstep of pulling ahead , outlasting Del Potro in an eight - shot rally that brought the Argentine to the net for a lunge that missed Federer ’s passing shot .
Federer leads , 3 - 1 .
Fifth set : Federer leads , 2 -
0
In the fifth set , Federer strikes first , breaking Del Potro ’s serve in the first game .
Del Potro stumbles on his ground strokes , hitting long after long rallies .
The Swiss serves at 2 - 1 .
At point blank range , Federer blinks and pops a volley wide to go down , 0 - 30 .
Del Potro nets a forehand service return and Federer drop shots his Argentine opponent to pull to 30 - 30 .
Then , Federer powers a slashing first serve up the T and Del Potro can barely get a rackuet on it .
In a final point , Federer draws Del Potro to the backhand corner and then powers a forehand down the line to take the game .
Score : Federer 2 , Del Potro 0 .
Federer wins fourth set , 6 -
1
Sensing his chance , Federer wins his serve at love , sending the match into a fifth and final set .
At the moment , Federer has actually won three more points ( 121 to 118 ) , hit fewer unforced errors ( 25 to 32 ) , but fewer winning shots ( Del Potro 55 winners , Federer 42 ) .
Fourth set : Federer leads , 5 - 1
Federer has a chance to break Del Potro ’s serve , but chips a backhand service return into the net .
Del Potro , tall , stoic , and relentless , serves to Federer ’s forehand .
The Swiss responds by rocketing it past the Argentine into the corner .
Del Potro then double faults to lose the game .
Fourth set : Federer leads , 4 -
1
Wasting no time , Federer won his serve at love .
The crowd has begun to sense that there will be a five - setter .
Fourth set : Federer leads , 3 -
1
Federer stutter - stepped and hit a backhand service return both long and wide to give Del Potro game point , but the Argentine hit a forehand long , sending it to 40 - 40 .
Lots of clapping and cheering for both men as the match approaches two and a half hours .
Federer gets to a break point with a deft forehand drop shot at the end of a long rally .
Del Potro did n’t try to run for it , then hits a forehand long to lose his serve and give Federer daylight for possibly evening the match .
Federer breaks Del Potro ’s serve .
Fourth set : Federer leads , 2 -
1
Federer serves an unreturnable slant to the forehand corner which Del Potro punches wide , the backhand a shot over the baseline .
Federer up 40 - 15 .
Then seals it to win the game .
Fourth set : Del Potro wins service ; set is tied 1 -
1
Again , using his superior wing span , Del Potro powered a series of near winning shots and driving Federer from side to side .
To win his serve , he took the net twice , punching volleys away from Federer ’s reach .
Fourth set : Federer leads , 1 -
0
Serving first , Federer pulls up to 30 - 30 .
He seems irritated .
When Del Potro pointed a ball out , Federer told the chair umpire , “ Check it ! ” At 40 - 40 , Federer went for an ace .
Del Potro raced to the sideline and pumped it back , but Federer moved in , slanted it cross court and Del Potro blew it long .
Somebody says they ’ve spotted former prime minister Giscard d’Estaing in the audience .
Federer danced back to the baseline on his final serve and Del Potro hit it long .
Third set : Del Potro wins it , 6 - 2 .
Del Potro ’s windmill forehand seems to have pushed Federer to his limits .
The Argentine has slashed and burned with inside - out forehands to Federer ’s backhand .
In one exchange at net , Federer hit four consecutive shots directly at Del Potro , inexplicably allowing his opponent to spin the fourth ball away to the side to win the point .
Third set : Del Potro leads , 5 - 2
Whipping monster groundstrokes to the corners , Del Potro forces Federer into defensive shots at every turn .
On a final break point , Del Potro stormed the net after a five - shot rally .
Federer raced to his right , slapped his racket at the ball and sailed it long .
He ’s down 5 - 2 now .
Third set : Del Potro leads , 4 - 2
Del Potro worked out of a 15 - 30 deficit , smashed an in - and - out forehand into the corner .
Federer could n’t reach it .
Then Federer could n’t return Del Potro ’s serve to make it 40 - 30 .
Federa pulled it back to deuce , but could n’t get a backhand service return to clear the net .
On game point , Del Potro smashed a forehand up the middle and it skipped off the line and just under Federer ’s racquet .
Physicists from the University of Texas at Austin found that “ a liquid jet can bounce off a bath of the same liquid if the bath is moving horizontally with respect to the jet .
Previous observations of jets rebounding off a bath ( e.g. Kaye effect ) have been reported only for non-Newtonian fluids , while we observe bouncing jets in a variety of Newtonian fluids , including mineral oil poured by hand .
A thin layer of air separates the bouncing jet from the bath , and the relative motion replenishes the film of air .
Jets with one or two bounces are stable for a range of viscosity , jet flow rate and velocity , and bath velocity .
The bouncing phenomenon exhibits hysteresis and multiple steady states ” .
To celebrate our 100th issue , we asked top chefs , foodies and cookery writers for their all - time quickest and simplest summer dishes
1. Chef Rowley Leigh , Cafe Anglais
Peach , tomato and basil salad
Pour boiling water over six white peaches and let stand for 10 to 30 seconds , depending on the ripeness of the fruit .
Refresh in cold water and skin .
Do the same for six large tomatoes , which should still be firm and full of flavour .
Slice the tomatoes thinly and salt them .
Cut the peaches into thin segments .
Arrange them in an overlapping circle , alternating the two fruits .
Squeeze the juice of a lemon over the salad and drizzle lightly with oil ( very lightly if you are using walnut oil ) .
Tear six basil leaves and scatter these over the salad .
Mill some black pepper , and serve .
2. Chef Gordon Ramsay , Claridge's
Slow - roasted tomatoes
We go mad whenever English tomatoes are in season - the kitchens are filled with so many that we could probably fill a bathtub with them .
Slow - roasting is a great way to use them up and intensifies the flavour .
Heat the oven to the lowest setting and halve the tomatoes .
Arrange them , cut - side up , on a lightly oiled roasting tray and scatter over some chopped garlic , shallots and thyme leaves .
Drizzle generously with olive oil and a sprinkling of sea salt and freshly ground pepper .
Gently roast for an hour until tender .
Serve at room temperature with pasta , fish dishes or salads or as a bruschetta topping .
3. Chef Michel Roux , Le Gavroche
Spicy crab with avocado
Buy the best - quality fresh picked claw meat you can find .
Put the white crab meat into a bowl and add one avocado , two thinly sliced spring onions , the juice of a couple of limes , sesame oil , salt and Tabasco .
Mix gently with a fork .
Place a spoonful of brown meat in each serving dish , then add the white meat mixture .
Garnish with watercress .
4. Chef Giorgio Locatelli , Locanda Locatelli
Cipollotto di tropea salad
I 'm in love with this salad : just blanch some runner beans in salted water for three minutes , add mint leaves and cipollotto di tropea ( which is like a spring onion and is from Calabria ) , and fresh green almonds .
5. Restaurateur Henry Dimbleby , Leon
A simple ceviche
Slice any very fresh white fish as finely as possible ( I like bass ) , and finely slice some firm radishes and shallots .
Season and soak in lemon or lime juice for 30 minutes .
Drain and lay on a plate with thin slices of ripe avocado , drizzled with olive oil and sprinkled with finely chopped coriander .
Eat with sourdough and very cold white wine .
6. Chef Stuart Gillies , Boxwood Cafe
Asparagus , feta and smoked salmon salad
Cut raw asparagus thinly at an angle up to the tip , then mix with crumbled feta cheese , cooked chilled peas and broad beans , watercress leaves and a white wine and olive oil vinaigrette .
Season with salt and pepper and serve with smoked salmon .
7. Chef Henry Harris , Racine
Watermelon and feta salad
Toss cubes of watermelon , feta and mint together with a splash of olive oil and a good milling of black pepper .
8 . Baked fennel with harissa
Toss wedges of fennel in a mixture of Greek yoghurt and rose harissa .
Drizzle with olive oil and bake in the oven or in open foil in a kettle barbecue .
9 . Mimolette , red onion and watercress salad
Make a salad of watercress and finely sliced red onion .
Use a vegetable peeler to shave a generous pile of mimolette cheese over the top .
10 . Chef Jeremy Lee , Blueprint Cafe
Asparagus and fried egg on toast
I suggest boiling asparagus and laying on grilled , buttered bread with a fried egg atop ; grated parmesan is a welcome addition .
11 . Chef Chris Galvin , Galvin Bistrot de Luxe
Creamy spiced mussel soup
Cook half a kilogram of mussels in a wine glass each of good fish stock and dry white wine , then drain , reserving the stock .
Heat some butter in a pan and add shallots , garlic and curry powder .
Add a pinch of saffron and stir in the warm stock , bring it to the boil and then add a generous splash of whipping cream .
Reduce the soup by a third and season .
Serve in soup bowls and garnish with parsley for a light and flavoursome summer soup .
12 . Food writer Anissa Helou
Cod with tarator and pine nuts
Sauté onions in olive oil .
Add tarator ( tahini mixed with lemon juice and water ) and let bubble for a few minutes .
Spoon over pan - fried black cod fillets .
Garnish with toasted pine nuts and serve .
13 . Chef Richard Bertinet , The Bertinet Kitchen
The best garlic bread
In a blender blitz some butter , one shallot , two cloves of garlic , a handful of parsley and chives and a good dollop of mascarpone .
Spread on some good bread and place into a preheated oven ( 180º - 200 ºC / Gas 4 - 6 ) until golden brown .
14 . Food writer Suzanne Pirret
Roasted corn on the cob with chipotle chilli butter
Pull back the husk from a cob of fresh sweetcorn and tie tightly with butcher 's twine .
Remove all silk fibres .
Mix a spoonful or two of soft butter together with a good dash of chipotle chilli powder and sea salt , and slather over the corn .
Cook on a griddle pan or under a grill for about 10 - 15 minutes total , turning till tender and charred .
Sprinkle the husk with a few drops of water so it does n't catch fire !
( Chipotle chilli powder is available at coolchilli.co.uk . )
15 . Green salad with fresh herbs
Toss a few handfuls of greens , a few thinly sliced baby fennel , and some fresh herb leaves - tarragon , parsley , or whatever else is available to you and summery .
In small bowl , mix half a teaspoon of Dijon mustard and a small squeeze of fresh lemon , and whisk in double that of single cream or olive oil .
Season with sea salt and black pepper and toss through the leaves .
16 . Grilled lamb with lemon grass
Finely chop three lemon grass stalks and pound in mortar and pestle .
Pound in a finely chopped red chilli , a small shallot , a spoonful of both olive oil and palm sugar ( muscovado or brown works too ) and a squeeze of lime till it 's a chunky paste .
Season three or four lamb chops well with sea salt and pepper , cover with paste , and if you can , marinate for an hour ( or even overnight ) , and grill until done - the crispier the better .
Best cooked over hot coals on a barbecue .
17 . Courgette and corn quesadilla
Place a layer of paper - thin sliced courgette on a flour tortilla .
Sprinkle with fresh sweetcorn scraped from a cob , a minced jalapeño pepper , some shredded Monterey Jack cheese ( mild white cheddar works , too ) , and place another flour tortilla on top .
Fry in a little groundnut oil in a pan .
Flip carefully , press down , fry other side until brown ( or just bake it ) and serve warm with the guacamole below .
18 . Fresh guacamole
In a bowl , mash a ripe avocado with a spoon .
Add a little finely minced red onion and jalapeño , a squeeze of fresh lime juice , chopped fresh coriander , and a good pinch of sea salt .
Nice with a dash of chipotle chilli powder for a little smokiness .
19 . Basquian lemon shrimp
In a bowl , mix together zest from half a lemon , its juice , a finely minced garlic clove , a small spoonful of finely chopped red onion , a small handful of pitted and coarsely chopped oil - cured black olives , a few coarsely chopped smoked anchovies , a dash of aged sherry vinegar , a glug of extra - virgin olive oil , and a pinch of pimentón de la Vera .
Toss in six to eight cooked and shelled prawns and season with sea salt and cracked black pepper .
Serve over a few thick slices of grilled peasant bread .
( Pimentón de la Vera is available at brindisa.co.uk . )
20 . Broad bean bruschetta with oozy burrata
Shell several handfuls of broad beans , place beans in boiling water for a few minutes , drain , then plunge into cold water .
Squeeze beans from casings into bowl .
Mash beans together in a mortar and pestle with a finely minced garlic clove , a squeeze of half a lemon , snipped fresh mint , a glug of olive oil , salt and pepper , and plop onto grilled bread spread with a slab of oozy burrata cheese .
Drizzle with more olive oil .
21 . Lemon lime gelato
In a saucepan , stir together 60 ml each of the juice of a lemon and a lime , their zests , and 100g sugar .
Simmer until sugar dissolves , strain , and let cool in fridge .
Stir in 125 ml double cream and pour into ice - cube tray .
When frozen , spoon into one big refreshing cup .
22 . Best crab cakes
In a frying pan , sweat a spoonful of a finely chopped shallot in a little butter .
Add a minced jalapeño pepper until soft and add into 300g of carefully picked - through fresh lump crab meat .
Add freshly chopped dill and enough of a well - beaten egg white so it holds together , then a little cornflour so it stiffens .
Season with sea salt , form into a thick patty , roll in breadcrumbs , and fry in a little hot olive oil .
( Serve with corn on the cob and green salad , above . )
23 . Chef Claude Bosi , Hibiscus
Strawberries with hibiscus
Roughly chop 500g English strawberries .
In a pan , grate a vanilla pod with 150g of sugar and add water .
Add strawberries , and leave to soak for 20 minutes .
Make a pot of hibiscus - flower tea and leave to cool .
Remove strawberries from stock and portion into bowls or medium - sized ramekins .
Top with the cool hibiscus tea ( to create a consommé effect ) and serve with a good dollop of clotted cream and / or chunky shortbread biscuits .
24 . Chef Henry Harris , Racine
Garlic sourdough
Grill thick slices of sourdough bread and then rub with a peeled garlic clove - it acts like a grater - then drizzle with good olive oil and eat , adding slices of prosciutto or a good salami .
25 . Chef Jason Atherton , Maze & Maze Grill
Berries with meringues
Take a punnet each of strawberries , raspberries and blueberries .
Boil up some sugar , water and vanilla and star anise and pour it over the berries , then chill and eat with crushed meringue and clotted cream .
26 . Chef Michael Caines , Gidleigh Park & Abode
Strawberries with balsamic and mint
Quarter some strawberries and sprinkle them with sugar .
Crush half of the strawberries with a fork to extract all their juices while keeping some whole .
Mix all the strawberries together with some freshly chopped mint and leave to marinate for half an hour .
Serve with a drizzle of aged balsamic vinegar and vanilla ice cream .
27 . Chef Tom Norrington Davies , Great Queen Street
Smoked mackerel with beetroot and horseradish
Flake a pair of smoked mackerel fillets roughly and toss them with cooked beetroot , watercress , sliced shallots and capers .
Grate fresh horseradish into a small tub of sour cream and season it with salt and pepper .
Serve the salad and the cream with plenty of crusty bread ( and a seriously dry cider ) .
28 . Hot - smoked fish salad with hazelnuts
Toss hot smoked trout or salmon with an avocado pear , two heads of little gem lettuce , a generous handful of roasted , skinless hazelnuts and your favourite vinaigrette .
Garnish with chervil or flat - leaf parsley .
29 . Courgette , fennel and crab salad
Slice two courgettes and a bulb of fennel as thinly as is humanly possible .
Dress the sliced vegetables with a slug of olive oil , the juice of a lemon and a good twist of salt and pepper .
Add the meat of a dressed crab , croutons and cos or gem lettuce to the salad .
Season with Tabasco if you fancy some heat .
30 .
Garlicky prawns , courgettes and beans on toast
Fry a couple of cloves of garlic and one fresh red chilli in three tablespoons of olive oil .
Throw in a handful of cold water prawns and two diced courgettes or a chopped round of asparagus .
Fry them until just tender .
Add the drained contents of a can of borlotti or cannellini beans .
Season with plenty more olive oil and a little salt .
Serve this dish on toast or fold in cooked new potatoes .
31 . Sardines on toast
Grill three or four fresh , gutted sardines per person .
Chop the ripest , sweetest tomatoes you can get hold of with a handful of black olives , two cloves of garlic , a small bunch of basil and a red onion .
Season the chopped tomatoes with olive oil and a splash of vinegar .
Divide the salad among slices of grilled bread .
Serve the sardines on top of the tomatoey bread .
32 . Red mullet with wilted lettuce and fresh peas
Fry a shallot in two tablespoons of butter until it is sweet and tender .
Throw two handfuls of fresh or frozen peas into the same pan and add a good pinch of salt .
Add just enough fresh fish or chicken stock ( or water ) to cover the peas , and cook them until they are very soft and sweet ( it might take 20 minutes or half an hour ) .
Pull a gem lettuce apart and chop it roughly .
Pick two sprigs of mint or basil .
Grill two gutted and scaled red mullet with a seasoning of salt and plenty of olive oil .
When the fish is ready , toss the lettuce and herb of choice into the peas and let it wilt .
Serve the fish on top of the peas .
33 . Mackerel with broccoli and spicy anchovy sauce
Grill two portion - sized mackerel for three minutes on either side and season them with sea salt and olive oil .
Let them rest and break a head of broccoli into bite - sized florets .
While you steam the broccoli , chop three anchovy fillets , two cloves of garlic and one red chilli to a near - paste .
Melt the paste in a small frying pan with two tablespoons of butter .
Toss it with the warm broccoli .
Serve the broccoli next to the mackerel .
34 . Lamb chops with minted new potatoes
Grill three lamb chops per person while you cook posh new potatoes ( Jersey royals , Cornish mids or French belle de fontaine are great at this time of year ) .
Chop a generous bunch of mint with cornichons and a red onion , then dress this modernist mint sauce with a tablespoon of the cornichon vinegar , two tablespoons of olive oil and a really mean pinch of sugar .
A meal that has no business being eaten with cutlery .
35 . Chicken with noodles
Grill two free - range chicken breasts and , once they are done , slice them thinly and toss the slices with two cloves of chopped garlic , a small bunch of chopped coriander , the juice and zest of a small lime and two teaspoons of sesame oil .
Season with salt and a pinch of crushed dried chillies .
Boil two nests of noodles and toss them with the chicken .
36 . Steak with warm new potato and rocket salad
Boil two handfuls of new potatoes in salty water until just tender .
Meanwhile , grill a large , thick - cut slab of rump or rib - eye steak as briefly as you can stand , leaving it rare or medium rare .
While the steak rests , slice then dress the still - warm potatoes with a handful of capers , two tablespoons of Dijon mustard , a shake of balsamic vinegar and a small bunch of tarragon .
Carve the steak into thin slices across the grain .
Toss it through the potatoes with rocket , salt and olive oil .
37 . Lamb chops with chickpea purée and flatbread
Grill three lamb chops per person while you drain a 400g tin of chickpeas .
Dry roast a teaspoon of cumin seeds for literally half a minute and pop them in a food processor with the chickpeas , one level tablespoon of tomato purée , three tablespoons of olive oil and the juice of half a lemon .
Blitz the mixture .
Season the chickpea purée to your liking and serve it with the lamb chops and a flatbread like pitta or naan .
A knot of coriander leaves mixed with rocket is optional as a garnish .
38 . Roast chicken with chips and mayonnaise
Rub free - range chicken legs with mild olive oil and a slightly over - generous amount of celery salt .
Roast them hard and fast , and then serve with oven chips and mayonnaise , plus your favourite leaf mix .
Eat this meal with your fingers .
39 . Crab with chips and mayonnaise
Alternatively , if you are a fan of oven chips and mayonnaise but not so sure about eating them with roast chicken , buy a fresh crab - 700g ( a one - and - a - half - pounder , in fishmonger speak ) - is a perfect portion .
Boil it in plenty of salted water for eight minutes , and as soon as it is cool enough to handle , spend a lazy lunchtime picking over and eating it with the above .
40 .
Pork chops with broad beans
Rub two pork chops with a marinade made from half a teaspoon of smoked paprika , a teaspoon of tomato purée , a tablespoon of runny honey , a tablespoon of posh ( ish ) vinegar , half a teaspoon of salt and enough mild olive oil to loosen everything up .
Fry the chops until done to your liking and let them rest .
Meanwhile , boil two handfuls of freshly shucked broad beans for five minutes .
Drain them and toss them with the juices of the rested chops .
Throw the beans over the chops and eat this very loose - limbed supper with your fingers .
Mop up juices with sourdough bread .
41 . Penne with asparagus
Boil three handfuls of penne rigate .
Meanwhile trim a bunch of the freshest asparagus you can get and cut it into cross sections that match the size of the pasta shapes .
Throw them into the same water for the pasta 's last minute .
Separate two eggs , keeping only the yolks .
Grate a fistful of parmesan and pick a bunch of basil .
Drain the pasta and asparagus , and return it to the pot , off the heat .
Add a tablespoon of butter , the egg yolks , the basil and the cheese .
Fold together quickly , season to your liking and eat .
When asparagus goes out of season you can make the same dish with peas straight from the pod .
42 . Roast quail with puy lentils
Roast one or two quails per person .
While they cook , drain a tin or vacpac of cooked puy lentils .
Dice two or three shallots as finely as possible .
Deseed and chop three tomatoes and mix them with the shallots and lentils .
Dress with your favourite vinaigrette and lots of chopped parsley .
Serve the quails on top of the lentils .
43 . Linguine with herbed ricotta
Boil enough linguine or spaghetti for two people .
Meanwhile chop a fistful of rocket with a small bunch of chives , and another small bunch of mint or basil or , if you prefer , oregano .
Fold all this verdant herbiness into a small tub of ricotta cheese .
Loosen this mix with the juice of half a lemon and two tablespoons of olive oil .
Season with salt and fresh ground black pepper .
Drain the cooked pasta only briefly , leaving it damp , and fold it with the ricotta mix before serving .
44 . Pasta with roasted peppers and buffalo mozzarella
Roast two or three peppers , and as soon as they are nice and wrinkly , skin them , and then pull out the seed cavity .
Chop them to a near - paste with garlic , anchovies , capers and a small bunch of basil or oregano .
Roughly dice a ball of very good buffalo mozzarella .
Boil three handfuls of penne or fusilli pasta until done to your liking .
Toss the drained pasta with the pepper mix and the cheese .
Check the seasoning and serve immediately .
45 . Fettucine with roasted mushrooms
Roast four large field mushrooms with a generous slug of olive oil and a pinch of sea salt .
They will take about 15 or 20 minutes .
Once they are done , slice them roughly and toss them with two tablespoons of olive oil , a chopped clove of garlic , a small bunch of chopped parsley , the grated zest and the squeezed juice of half a lemon .
Boil enough fettuccine or tagliatelle for two people and , once it is cooked and drained , toss it with the marinated mushrooms .
Season to your liking and serve garnished with plenty of grated parmesan .
46 . Spaghetti with spicy sardines
Boil enough spaghetti for two people .
Meanwhile , open a tin of sardine fillets in olive oil .
Chop them to a near - paste with a chilli , two cloves of garlic , three anchovy fillets and a small bunch of parsley .
Loosen this paste to the consistency of pesto with lemon juice and olive oil .
Toss the cooked , drained pasta with this fantastic sardine sauce and season to your liking just before serving .
47 . Chef Andrew Turner , The Landau at the Langham Hotel
Avocado with smoked duck
Cut a ripe avocado in half ( remove the stone ) and remove the flesh , leaving the skin intact .
Dice the flesh into cubes and add a squeeze of lemon juice .
Then add chopped sundried tomatoes , thin strips of smoked duck and plenty of chopped fresh mint and parsley .
Place back in the skin and serve with a crisp Riesling .
48 . Chef Anthony Demetre , Arbutus & Wild Honey
English asparagus with chopped poached egg vinaigrette
Cook two bunches of asparagus in plenty of salted , boiling water and then refresh in iced water .
Set aside .
Poach four eggs as normal , but cook slightly longer than you would normally - you do n't want the yolk too runny but equally not hard .
Crush the eggs with a fork , add one small finely chopped shallot , a tablespoon each of finely chopped parsley and finely chopped gherkins and the same of miniature capers , and bind with good quality olive oil .
Season with salt and pepper .
49 . Chef Vivek Singh , The Cinnamon Club
Roast bream with green mango and coconut
Blend together half a coconut 's flesh and one green mango with an onion , red chilli flakes and some salt and sugar .
Add a little oil or water to blend into a coarse paste .
This paste can be used either as a chutney or dip on its own , or as a marinade for sea bass , gilt bream or even mackerel .
Cook the fish in either an oven or on a barbecue - ideally wrap it in a banana leaf or tin foil with a little oil .
50 . Chef Raymond Blanc , Le Manoir aux Quat ' Saisons
Fricassée of mushrooms
To enhance a simple fricassée of mushrooms , finish with a mix of chopped parsley , shallots and garlic in a three , two , one ratio and add a squeeze of lemon .
51 . Buttered summer vegetables
Instead of cooking summer vegetables in a large pan of boiling water , try using a medium - sized , flat sauté pan with just half a cup of water , a knob of butter and a pinch of salt .
Let the vegetables half poach and half steam on full boil .
To serve , add some freshly chopped herbs and pour over the cooking juices .
Perfect for carrots , asparagus , beans , leeks , cabbage or peas .
52 . Chef Bryn Williams , Odette's
Courgette and pine nut salad
Slice green and yellow courgettes lengthways into ribbons , place strips in a colander and season with a little salt .
Leave to stand until the excess water is extracted .
Pat courgettes dry with paper towel and place on a plate .
Sprinkle with toasted pine nuts and drizzle with balsamic dressing ( balsamic vinegar , salt and pepper , olive oil and lemon all whisked together ) , then add a layer of wild rocket leaves and finish with parmesan shavings and more of the dressing .
53 . Chef Shaun Hill , The Walnut Tree
Herbed white fish with sourdough
Paint a slice of white fish ( sole is nice , but then so is gurnard ) with olive oil then grill , along with some similarly treated sourdough bread .
Blend some parsley , and maybe whatever other herbs strike your fancy , along with a shot of white wine , a crushed garlic clove and some olive oil , salt and pepper so that you have a thickish sauce - cum - dressing .
Spoon this over the grilled bread , fish and some salad leaves .
Bob 's your uncle .
54 . Chef Thomasina Miers , Wahaca
Chilled cucumber and potato soup
Gently cook onions and potato in lots of olive oil until the onions go translucent .
Add a clove of chopped garlic and the peeled , diced flesh of two cucumbers .
Whizz up , chill and serve ice cold for a delicious summer starter .
55 . Chef Anna Hansen , The Modern Pantry
Skate with clams and chorizo
Pan fry a piece of skate in a pan with some diced chorizo , a handful of clams , a handful of halved cherry tomatoes and a pinch of saffron .
Slosh over a decent slug of white wine and cover with a lid until the fish is cooked and the clams have opened .
Serve with roast sweet potatoes , endive and a generous sprinkling of parsley .
56 . Chef Giancarlo and Katie Caldesi , Caffe Caldesi
Steamed greens with garlic
Toss some freshly boiled or steamed green beans with some finely diced garlic cloves in red - wine vinegar and olive oil , and season with salt and pepper .
57 . Chef Richard Bertinet , The Bertinet Kitchen
Warm cherries with ice cream
Place a handful of ripe cherries in a pan with a large knob of butter and a tablespoon of caster sugar .
Stir well .
Add two tablespoons of kirsch or brandy and leave to caramelise .
Serve poured over a good vanilla ice cream .
58 . Braised little gem lettuce
For a delicious alternative to cold salad - cut some little gem lettuce in half lengthways and rub the cut edge with some olive oil and the edge of a cut clove of garlic , and season with salt and pepper .
Place in a hot frying pan or on a barbecue griddle for two or three minutes on each side .
59 .
Pasta with cherry tomatoes , crème fraîche and rocket
While your pasta is cooking , warm a punnet of cherry tomatoes in a pan in a glass of white wine .
When it starts to simmer , add a dollop of crème fraîche .
Stir well .
Drain the pasta and add to the sauce .
Finally stir in a large handful of rocket .
Serve with some shaved parmesan .
60 . Chef Ichiro Kubota , Umu
Avocado wasabi salad dip
Mix avocado purée with the same amount of wasabi .
Season with sea salt and sesame oil to taste .
Garnish with chopped chives .
Serve with seasonal vegetables or crackers .
61 . Chef Sally Clarke , Clarkes
Pasta with summer vegetables and goat 's cheese and chives
Cook your favourite pasta , and when it is almost ready add freshly podded peas , fava beans , thinly sliced runner beans and thinly sliced summer carrots .
Strain and immediately put back over the heat with a splash of the best olive oil , sea salt , cracked pepper , snipped chive blossoms , small pieces of fresh goat 's cheese and chopped chives or chervil .
Stir briefly together .
62 . Chef Jacob Kennedy , Bocca di Luppo
Ginny 's pasta with raw tomatoes
From Campania - as made by my beloved grandmother Ginny countless times - is pasta with raw tomatoes .
Roughly chop , seeds and all , some ripe , flavoursome tomatoes .
Combine with basil and lots of oil , salt and pepper - plus a few black olives if you like - in a large bowl .
Cook some long pasta al dente - Ginny uses spaghettini - toss into the sauce , and leave to stand for a minute before serving .
63 . Food writer Mark Bittman
Steak and mustard
Sear skirt steak to medium - rare , not more than eight minutes .
Cut into chunks 1 cm -2.5 cm , first going with the grain , then against it .
Spread bread with coarse mustard and / or butter .
Top with steak and coarse salt .
64 . Stir - fried beef
Cut fillet or other tender beef into bite - size chunks .
Toss with a lot of roughly chopped basil ( say , 40g basil per 450g of meat ) and peanut oil .
Stir - fry with garlic and red pepper flakes until rare .
Sprinkle with soy sauce or nam pla and lime juice .
65 . Broccoli and garlic
Top bruschetta or toast with chopped , well - cooked broccoli rabe or other greens tossed with minced garlic and olive oil while still warm .
Health food , practically .
66 . Aioli with steamed cold vegetables
Make the mayonnaise yourself or flavour bottled mayonnaise with lemon , garlic , anchovy ( if you like it ) and a little saffron ( if you have it ) for amazing colour .
Serve with lightly cooked carrots , sugar snap peas , purple potatoes , seafood etc .
67 . Spicy lamb chops
Sprinkle rib lamb chops ( rack of lamb , separated ) or loin chops with good coarse curry powder or any spice mix you like .
Grill quickly , until crisp but not well done .
Serve hot , with yoghurt mixed with the same spice rub .
68 . Beef tartare
Carefully pulse good beef in a food processor .
For each 450g , add an egg , a teaspoonful of dry mustard , a tablespoon of Dijon mustard and a tablespoon of Worcestershire sauce , Tabasco to taste , a handful of chopped spring onions and a touch of minced garlic .
Salt and pepper , if necessary .
Amazing stuff .
69 .
Steamed asparagus wrapped in prosciutto
That 's the recipe .
70 .
Home - made hummus
Truly one of the great culinary inventions .
Mix four parts well - cooked or canned chickpeas with one part tahini , along with some of its oil , in a food processor .
Add garlic , cumin or pimentón and purée , adding as much olive oil as needed .
Stir in lemon juice , salt and pepper to taste ; garnish with olive oil and pimentón .
71 . Bean dip
Purée white or other beans ( if canned , drain them ) with garlic and olive oil in food processor , adding olive oil as needed .
Stir in lemon juice to taste .
Garnish with chopped spring or red onion .
You can add cumin or chopped rosemary with lemon zest .
72 . Crispy quail
Quarter a quail and rub with olive oil or peanut oil .
Grill , skin - side down , for about three minutes .
Grill , skin - side up , until brown , crisp and cooked through for about five minutes more .
Brush lightly with some pesto or soy sauce and sesame oil , and serve hot or warm .
73 . Stuffed endive
Fill endive leaves with crème fraîche or sour cream and caviar or salmon roe .
Or use drained ricotta mixed with chopped parsley , thyme , a little olive oil and a little minced garlic .
74 . Nachos
Yes , nachos .
Top a layer of tortilla chips with grated cheese ( something orange is traditional ) and bake until the cheese melts .
Top with warm beans seasoned with chilli powder , along with chopped spring onions .
Other possible toppings : jalapeños , sour cream , coriander , tomatoes , olives .
75 . Prawn and parsley pesto
Make parsley pesto ( parsley , garlic , oil , lemon juice ) in a food processor .
Sauté whole prawns or small pieces of fish in oil .
Arrange fish on small beds of the pesto .
You can put this on bread and forget the plates .
76 . Fennel and celery salad
Cut two medium fennel bulbs in quarters lengthwise , discarding the outer layer if it is exceedingly tough .
Use a mandolin to slice quarters thinly ; slice three celery ribs equally thin .
Put sliced fennel and celery into a large bowl and drizzle with olive oil and lemon juice .
Season with salt and pepper and toss gently to combine .
Top with lots of freshly shaved parmesan and chopped fennel fronds if you like .
77 . Pork kebabs , West Indian style
Mix together a tablespoon of garlic , half a teaspoon of ground allspice , a pinch of nutmeg , a teaspoon of fresh thyme leaves , 50g of chopped onion and the juice of a lime .
Toss with 450g pork shoulder ( you need some fat or these will be tough ) cut into 2.5 cm cubes .
Skewer and grill for about five minutes .
78 . Pork kebabs , Iberian style
Mix a tablespoon of garlic , 50g of chopped onion , one tablespoon of ground cumin , two teaspoons of paprika , one tablespoon of grated or minced lemon zest and 50ml of freshly squeezed lemon juice .
Toss with 450g cubed pork shoulder ( with fat ) .
Skewer .
Grill for about five minutes .
79 .
Chicken kebabs , Greek style
Cut boneless , skinless chicken thighs into 2.5 cm chunks .
Toss with minced onion , minced garlic , lemon juice , olive oil , salt , pepper , crumbled bay leaf and oregano .
Skewer .
Grill , turning occasionally , until browned .
80 . Chicken kebabs , South Asian style
Cut boneless , skinless chicken thighs into 2.5 cm chunks .
Toss with equal amounts ground cardamom , minced garlic , ground allspice , ground turmeric and thyme leaves ; add a dash of nutmeg and peanut oil to moisten .
Skewer .
Grill , turning occasionally , until nicely browned .
81 . Cheese quesadillas
Use 10 cm tortillas ; on each put grated cheese , spring onions and minced green chillies or chopped poblanos .
Salsa and beans are optional .
Top with another tortilla .
Griddle with oil , turning once , for about five minutes .
82 . Hot wings
Cut chicken wings into three sections ; discard the tips .
Sprinkle with salt and pepper and grill until browned on one side , about five minutes .
Meanwhile , melt butter with vinegar , garlic and hot sauce to taste .
Pour off excess fat , baste the wings with hot sauce , turn them , baste again and brown .
Baste once more and serve , with napkins .
83 . Flash - cooked squid
Marinate whole baby squid for five minutes in olive oil , a little sherry vinegar , salt and pepper .
Sear on both sides in a very hot pan or under a grill for less than three minutes total .
Cut into pieces and sprinkle with more salt .
You can do this with shrimp and scallops , too .
84 . Lemon scallops
Cook scallops in hot butter or oil for just a couple of minutes .
Sprinkle with lemon juice and parsley and serve hot .
85 . Bisque
Heat prawn , lobster , fish or chicken broth with minced onion and chopped tomato for five minutes .
Add chopped shrimp or lobster to the simmering stock , and cook for another two minutes .
Purée , then add double cream or half - and - half , along with salt and pepper .
Serve in small cups garnished , if you like , with a piece of cooked prawn or lobster .
86 . Avocado soup
Put 150g avocado flesh in a blender with 700 ml whole milk along with some salt and cayenne .
Purée , then add fresh lime or orange juice to taste , and adjust seasoning .
Refrigerate or serve immediately in small cups garnished with a piece of avocado or cooked prawn .
87 . Gazpacho
Chop 900g of tomatoes and a cucumber ; blend with a couple of slices of day - old bread , torn into pieces , olive oil , sherry vinegar , garlic ( optional ) and anchovies ( optional ) .
Add a little water ( or more oil ) to the blender , if necessary .
Taste and adjust seasoning , then serve in small cups .
Optional garnishes include minced pepper , a drizzle of olive oil , a piece of anchovy or parsley .
88 . Goat 's cheese with herbs
Slice a soft goat 's cheese and brush with olive oil .
Sprinkle with salt , pepper and chopped herbs , then with breadcrumbs .
Bake at 180 °C / Gas 4 , until soft - about 10 minutes - and serve hot .
89 .
Fresh strawberries with almond crème anglaise
Put 100g chopped almonds in a saucepan over medium heat .
Cook , shaking the pan occasionally , until beginning to toast , about three minutes .
Add 200 ml each of milk and cream , 120g sugar and four egg yolks , and whisk well to combine .
Cook , whisking almost constantly , until mixture thickens enough to coat the back of a spoon .
Do not let it boil .
While the sauce is still hot , strain it through a sieve and let cool a bit .
To serve , put a handful of washed , hulled and quartered strawberries in each dish , drizzle with the warm sauce and garnish with 50g slivered almonds .
90 .
Grilled lamb on rosemary skewers
Start a charcoal or wood fire or heat a gas grill .
Thread 900g boneless lamb shoulder , cut into chunks , and figs onto rosemary branches , three or four per skewer .
Do not mix meat and figs on same skewer .
Brush lightly with olive oil and season with salt and pepper .
Mix together 100 ml freshly squeezed lemon juice , two cloves of garlic , roughly chopped , and a tablespoon of finely chopped fresh rosemary , and brush a little of this mixture on lamb and figs .
Grill , turning skewers as each side browns and taking care to avoid flare - ups - total cooking time should be from six to 10 minutes for medium - rare meat , and four or five minutes for the figs .
91 . Meatballs
Combine 1 thick slice of white bread with 100 ml milk ; let sit for five minutes .
Squeeze the milk from the bread and gently mix bread with 225g not - too - lean ground sirloin , 225g ground pork , 50g chopped onion , 50g freshly grated parmesan , 40g chopped fresh parsley leaves and salt and pepper .
Shape into 2.5 cm balls .
( If the mixture does n't hold well , add more breadcrumbs and an egg . )
Grill for about five minutes , turning once or twice .
92 . Cod cakes with sauce rouge
Combine 450g chopped boneless cod , an egg , four tablespoons mayonnaise , a tablespoon Dijon mustard and some salt and pepper .
Add breadcrumbs until you can shape the mixture into cakes .
If possible , refrigerate for an hour .
Meanwhile , cook chopped canned tomatoes in olive oil with salt and cayenne until saucy .
Shape into small cod cakes .
Dip in flour , sauté in butter and oil until nicely browned .
Serve hot or at room temperature with the sauce .
93 . Egg salad
Extra seasoning takes this egg salad higher : toss chopped hard - boiled eggs with spring onions , chopped anchovies and parsley .
Bind with seasoned mayo .
94 . Prosciutto and parmesan
Roll prosciutto and parmesan in small tortillas .
Bake gently to soften the cheese .
95 . Chickpea salad with ginger
In a dry pan , toast a tablespoon of cumin seeds over medium - low heat until fragrant , about two minutes .
Grind to a powder .
If using ground cumin , lightly toast .
Toss 600g of cooked or tinned ( and rinsed ) chickpeas ; two peppers , red , yellow or orange , diced ; a red onion , diced ; 3 cm piece ginger , peeled and minced , or more to taste ; a tablespoon of sugar ( optional ) ; three tablespoons of fresh lemon juice , or to taste , and salt and pepper to taste .
Taste and add more salt , pepper or lemon juice if you like , garnish with coriander , and serve .
96 . 15 - minute fried herbed chicken
In a blender or food processor , combine one onion , one to two tablespoons mixed fresh herbs , such as tarragon and sage , and two tablespoons of tahini or peanut butter .
As you purée the mixture , slowly add just enough olive oil to make a thick , smooth paste - do not let it get too thin .
Put a little flour in a shallow bowl .
Place six boneless , skinless chicken thighs or four half - breasts in another bowl .
Rub the puréed mixture over the chicken , then dip each piece in flour .
Gently shake off any excess , coat again with paste and dip again in the flour .
Heat half a cm of olive oil in a pan ; when it is hot , fry the chicken for about four minutes each side until browned and cooked through .
Garnish with parsley and serve hot or warm , with lemon wedges .
97 . Mussels and mayonnaise
Wash mussels or clams well ; steam open in a covered pot .
Let cool , remove from shells , and serve with aioli , flavoured mayonnaise or vinaigrette .
98 . Bream with basil balsamic
Score the sides of a whole bream and pack the cuts with a roughly pounded mix of three tablespoons balsamic , one clove garlic and handful of basil per fish .
Roast for 20 minutes or until flaking off the bone at 190ºC and serve with fresh peas and crusty bread .
99 . Paprika chicken salad
Mix a spoonful of sweet smoked paprika with crushed garlic , olive oil and chopped fresh coriander , and toss chunks of chicken in the mixture .
Skewer and grill until lightly browned .
Serve in a salad of rocket and warm chargrilled peppers , onion and cherry tomato .
100 . Sweetcorn fritters
Mix cooked sweetcorn into pancake batter and fry as 10 cm - wide fritters .
Serve with ketchup .
It ’s Alive !
There are few certainties in life , but one of those certainties is this :
Unless Sonia Sotomayor pulls out an Uzi and sprays the US Senate ’s chamber with it , or gets run over by a bus outside that chamber , she will be confirmed as the US Supreme Court ’s newest Associate Justice .
The “ hearings ” on her confirmation to that appointment have nothing whatsoever to do with the appointment or the confirmation , really .
They ’re just a demagoguery opp , a mating ritual as vivid and bizarre as anything you ’ll ever see on The Discovery Channel .
The Senators are peacocks strutting their plumes , apes beating their chests .
The object of their visible affection is n’t Sonia Sotomayor — it ’s you , in your role as prospective campaign donor or voter .
Like all such rituals , this one includes pro forma elements :
The Senators invoke buzz phrases ( “ strict construction ; ” “ original intent ; ” “ judicial activism ; ” “ living document ” ) , then posture for the public in certain ways depending on how Sotomayor responds to those phrases .
Over and over , in so many ways , she must be induced to state that her dearest wish , her goal in life , is to “ apply the law to the facts . ”
When she so announces , Democratic Senators respond with self - satisfied smiles , Republicans with raised eyebrows signifying disbelief , each the better to arouse the constituencies with which they hope to mate ( or , more cynically , which they hope to screw ) .
In truth , given the size of the Democratic majority , only one question ever stood between Judge Sotomayor and confirmation .
Her answer to that question — “ will you at all times and in every respect proclaim and uphold the legitimacy of our power ? ” — was known long before the hearings began , else she ’d have never been appointed in the first place .
But back to that mating ritual .
I ’m less interested in its participants than in its shibboleths :
“ Original intent ” and “ strict construction ” are fine , high - sounding concepts , and often useful ones even to anarchists , if only for the purpose of invoking adherence to rules which are allegedly binding on the state .
I ’ve yet to see the judge who pays them much heed in practice , however .
Even the most famous living advocate of “ original intent , ” Robert Bork ( you saw him in a previous season of the show ; he withdrew in the face of a less friendly panel ) discards the whole concept without a second thought whenever it threatens to impose what he accurately describes as a “ libertarian theory of jurisprudence . ”
As for “ strict construction ” … well , let ’s just say that anyone alive the last time the interstate commerce clause ( to offer one major example ) was “ strictly constructed ” by the US Supreme Court is now dead or at least very , very long in the tooth .
As of the last time I looked ( Gonzales v. Raich ) , even the most “ conservative ” justices agreed that Congress ’s power to “ regulate interstate commerce ” extends to matters which are neither interstate nor commercial .
“ Judicial activism ? ” A meaningless phrase , general used as a pejorative .
Of course judges “ act . ”
They judge .
Their judgment is generally only construed as “ activist ” by politicians whose own “ activism ” has been impeded by it .
From the foregoing , it should be obvious that the Constitution is , in fact , a “ living document , ” reinterpreted at will for more than 200 years now whenever such reinterpretation has been required to support the desire of politicians to maintain a firm grip on , or extend the scope of , their power .
Could it really be any other way ?
The Constitution was written to provide minimal central governance for an agrarian and pre-capitalist mercantile society of 3 million , spread over 13 sub-polities clinging to the eastern seaboard of a continent .
As the population grew toward 300 million , scattered in 50 sub-polities over that continent and then some , “ central ” continually gained on and then surpassed “ minimal , ” in no small part due to the power of interpretation of the Constitution becoming vested in a Supreme Court located at , and appointed by those in charge of , the “ center . ”
Whether or not the game was intentionally fixed is debatable ; that its outcome was fore - ordained should be obvious .
The Constitution is indeed a “ living document , ” kept in a cage , fed a high - fat diet and occasionally trotted out for ostentatious public display .
As a guarantee of your rights , it has become less than meaningless — its sole function these days is to legitimize your subjection .
Put not your trust in princes ?
Sure thing .
Neither put your trust in constitutions , nor in the political appointees hired ( by those in power ) to “ interpret ” those constitutions .
Charges against a Utah gay couple have been dropped for trespassing after they kissed on LDS property .
From the Salt Lake Tribune .
Salt Lake City Prosecutor Sim Gill said Wednesday he will not prosecute a gay couple cited for trespassing after they shared a kiss on the plaza .
“ The two individuals believed — albeit mistakenly — that they had the right to be there , ” Gill said .
“ Fairness requires that either that property be not open to the public or you condition that [ openness ] in a way that the person who comes on understands that it is private property . ”
…
Gill said his decision not to prosecute this particular case “ should not be viewed as limiting ” the ability of the church to enforce its private - property rights on the plaza in the future .
“ Going forward , ” he said , “ working toward clarity [ on the plaza ] serves everyone ’s interests in this community . ”
Gill ’s analysis cites the lack of signs on the plaza that indicate visitors are entering private property “ at will , ” meaning they can be ejected at any time for any reason .
“ The signs will obviously change on the plaza , ” Wally Bugden , Jones ’ defense attorney said .
“ The vast majority of the public believed that there was a public corridor . ”
LITTLE ROCK , Arkansas ( CNN ) --
The Tennessee man suspected in Monday 's attack on a recruitment center in Little Rock , Arkansas , was brainwashed and tortured while imprisoned in Yemen , his lawyer said Thursday .
Abdulhakim Muhammad told police he had " political and religious " motives for a shooting at a recruitment center .
" My client is a young man , I think , brainwashed , " attorney Jim Hensley told CNN .
" What else could be explained for a young man who 's a true American , plays football , helps his grandmother and mows the lawns of his neighbors ?
Comes back and then finds himself in this situation ?
That is not a normal situation in my book . "
Abdulhakim Muhammad , formerly known as Carlos Bledsoe , is charged with killing Pvt. William Long , 23 , of Conway , Arkansas , and wounding Pvt. Quinton Ezeagwula , 18 , of Jacksonville , Arkansas .
The 23 - year - old convert to Islam has pleaded not guilty .
But , according to court records , he told police that he had " political and religious " motives for the shooting .
Watch Muhammad 's court appearance »
In September 2007 , Muhammad left Tennessee State University in Nashville , where he was studying business , and traveled to Yemen to teach English to children and to learn Arabic .
There , " he felt at peace with these people , " even marrying a Yemeni , Hensley said .
But things began to change when his client was detained for a minor visa violation in Yemen and sent to prison , where he was housed with radical Islamic fundamentalists , Hensley said .
In November 2008 , Muhammad was arrested in the port city of Aden for overstaying his visa and deported two months later in cooperation with the U.S. Embassy , a Yemeni official said .
There is disagreement about the time he was incarcerated .
The lawyer said Muhammad told him he had served four months in prison .
Hensley said Muhammad told him that , during the last two weeks he was held , he was deprived of sleep and food and " was slapped around a little bit , " enduring beatings on the backs of his legs .
During Muhammad 's time in the prison , an FBI agent visited him not as an ally but as an interrogator , Hensley said .
However , Mohammed AlBasha , a spokesman for the Yemeni Embassy , rejected Hensley 's assertion .
" It is understood that the process of radicalization can take a number of years , not a couple of weeks , " he said .
" So , the statement that his lawyer made , that he was brainwashed and tortured for weeks in Yemen , are baseless . "
The FBI agent " believed that Carlos was some kind of hardened terrorist hellbent on doing violence to America , " Hensley said .
After he was released in January , Muhammad returned to Nashville , Tennessee , where his parents noticed their son was " fidgety , frustrated , ca n't sit still , " Hensley said .
The same FBI agent approached him and threatened to put him under surveillance , " to do everything we can to cause you trouble , " Hensley said .
A federal law enforcement source told CNN that the FBI was investigating Muhammad , but FBI spokesmen would not confirm any contact they might have had .
Hensley added that Muhammad 's parents told him that , once he returned to Nashville , " he was a different human , " one who blamed the United States for the war wounds suffered by some of the children whom he had taught , children without arms or legs .
He also blamed U.S. immigration policy for his inability to bring his bride back to the United States with him , Hensley said .
" A first - year psychology student would be able to see that this young man needed some help , and that was n't offered him by anyone , " Hensley said .
Muhammad eventually moved to Little Rock to help his father 's Memphis tour business expand into Arkansas .
Just before the shooting , he was working out of a Hilton hotel in Little Rock in the family business , driving a sightseeing van .
Hensley said he was speaking to the news media because Muhammad had asked him to .
" His agenda is different from mine ; he wants to be a martyr , " the lawyer said .
The case has attracted high - level attention , with President Obama saying Thursday in a written statement that he was " deeply saddened " by the shootings .
Federal agents said Wednesday that they were looking into whether Internet searches of various locations in several other U.S. cities were a sign that Muhammad was seeking " additional targets . "
The cities investigators included Atlanta , Georgia ; Louisville , Kentucky ; New York ; Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; and Memphis , Tennessee , where Muhammad grew up .
Hensley told CNN that his client was not the only person who was using the computer .
Muhammad is being held on a state count of capital murder and 16 counts of engaging in a terrorist act by firing into an occupied building .
CNN 's Brian Todd , Carol Cratty and David Mattingly contributed to this report .
All About Arkansas • Little Rock • U.S. Army
With two locations to serve Portage and Kalamazoo Michigan , Erbelli 's dishes up the multiple award winning pizza and Italian food .
Our unique gourmet pizza has drawn raves and awards ever since we opened in 1995 in South Portage .
When we opened our second location in northwest Kalamazoo on Stadium Drive , our food and bistro atmosphere won over even more fans .
Come , taste the delicious difference at Erbelli's .
As a people we need , at all times , the encouragement of home ownership .
-- HERBERT HOOVER , 1932
The idea that home ownership confers special benefits on American society is deeply embedded in our culture — so much so that our national tax policy confers a special benefit of its own on it .
Home ownership is granted an advantage over all other forms of ownership in the form of an enormous deduction on the interest payments most individuals incur in financing their homes .
Nothing else in the tax code comes anywhere near that ...
You know that feeling when you find a $ 20 bill inside your sportscoat ?
That ’s how we feel about eight months after “ Hell Drivers ” screened at Michigan ’s Hell ’s Half Mile Film & Music Festival — in the gritty heartland of traditional county fair daredevil shows .
Almost as cool as getting our doorbell rung by Publisher ’s Clearinghouse , we got this trophy declaring we won the Hell ’s Half Mile audience award for best documentary .
Maybe “ Hell Drivers ” simply fits their Hellish brand , but we doubt the voting was fixed .
Daredevil Rocky “ Hardcore ” Hauri parked the Rockymobile in front of the theater and spent a few days charming the crowds .
The HHM trophy came with a note apologizing for the late notification , but being late only enhanced the surprise .
Now , we ’re headed to the closet to check the pockets of our sportjackets .
San Francisco police arrested about 175 protesters who were part of a group that blocked a major intersection for hours today in response to the state Supreme Court ’s ruling upholding Proposition 8 , the voter - approved ban on same - sex marriage .
Hundreds of people filled the intersection of Grove Street and Van Ness Avenue late this morning after word spread of the ruling .
The court also ruled that roughly 18,000 existing same - sex marriages in California remain valid .
Around 12:45 p.m. , officers were seen placing plastic handcuffs on protesters and leading them to police vans waiting nearby .
With each new arrest , the crowd cheered .
Police Sgt. Lyn Tomioka said the protesters were arrested for being outside a crosswalk and failing to obey an officer .
Tomioka said she was not aware of any injuries related to the protest .
As of mid-afternoon the intersection had been cleared and traffic was moving through normally .
A separate gathering was planned for 5 p.m. today by the group Marriage Equality .
Tomioka said police will maintain a high profile during that protest , which included a planned march from City Hall to the Martin Luther King Jr. memorial at Yerba Buena Gardens .
The state Supreme Court by a 6 - 1 vote today upheld Proposition 8 , passed by California voters in November .
The initiative was approved by 52 percent of voters as an amendment to the state Constitution .
In its ruling , the court rejected three lawsuits in which same - sex couples and local governments claimed the measure could not be passed simply as an initiative because it was a constitutional revision rather than an amendment .
News of the ruling ignited passion on both sides of the issue , with gay marriage supporters vowing to renew the fight via a ballot measure in 2010 .
“ It is impossible to square the elation we felt just a year ago with the grief that we feel today , ” said Kate Kendell , executive director of the National Center for Lesbian Rights , at a news conference inside City Hall .
Kendell said it is “ impossible to reconcile ” today ’s Supreme Court ruling with its previous May 2008 ruling allowing the marriages .
“ As soon as I heard the decision , I started crying , ” said Eva Paterson , president of the Equal Justice Society .
“ It ’s just wrong .
It ’s just wrong . ”
San Francisco City Attorney Dennis Herrera said he was disappointed by the ruling but “ grateful ” the court allowed the approximately 18,000 same - sex marriages to stand .
He acknowledged that there would be a lot of sadness and even anger in the gay community , but asked opponents of Proposition 8 not to vilify the judges for their decisions .
“ Courts deserve respect for the difficult job they have to do , ” Herrera said .
He said the final decision wo n’t happen in the courts , but rather in the “ electoral arena . ”
A crowd gathered near the state building this morning to await the court ’s decision .
Colorful signs bore slogans like “ No H8 ” and “ Marriage
One Man + One Woman . ”
The details of the ruling just after 10 a.m. spread through the crowd via cell phones and text message .
Immediately , opponents of Proposition 8 began chanting , “ shame on you ” to the smaller assemblage of people who support the measure .
George Popko , 22 , held one side of a large sign saying “ Celebrate Prop 8 . ”
He said he was expecting today ’s decision based on the questions justices asked when they heard arguments on the matter in March .
Popko said he traveled from Sacramento with a dozen classmates from American River College and said his student body was the first in the state to officially support Proposition 8 .
“ I am a Christian , but I ’m also here to defend my state constitution , ” he said .
Emotions ran high after the ruling .
Several people surrounded Popko and his sign , decrying his position .
“ I expected some hostility , ” he said .
“ Although it ’s a little worse today . ”
Copyright © 2009 by Bay City News , Inc. “ … republication , re-transmission or reuse without the express written consent of Bay City News , Inc. is prohibited .
Trivia
Prot 's departure for his home system , which is " near the constellation Lyra " , is scheduled for 5:51 a.m. , July 27th .
On that day in New York City the sun rises at 5:48 , while Lyra itself is beginning to set in the west ( and eventually before sunrise as the year wears on ) .
This implies that Prot must " grab " an Earth - skimming beam of sunlight while he still has a clear line - of - sight to K - Pax , in a rapidly narrowing window of opportunity .
See more
BlackBerry maker Research In Motion ( RIMM ) has a glaring weakness next to rivals like Apple 's ( AAPL ) iPhone and Palm's ( PALM ) Pre :
Its user experience and elegance needs to get better , or it could eventually lose sales .
I 'm trying out the new BlackBerry Tour this week -- it goes on sale July 12 at Verizon and Sprint -- and so far , it 's a solid gadget that any plastic - keyboard - addicted BlackBerry devotee should consider upgrading to .
The screen and browser are especially nice compared to older BlackBerry models like the Curve .
But after a year on the iPhone , setting up a new BlackBerry was like figuring out a puzzle .
It should n't have to be .
Setting up email , for instance , was a 20 - minute pain -- versus a 2 - minute breeze on the iPhone .
If I were n't a relentless nerd , I would have had to contact customer service to figure it out , costing someone time and money .
( Note : Updates below , explaining that this problem was caused by an advanced , but useful , setting to my Google Apps account that I had checked off . )
For no reason it would explain , the BlackBerry software refused to work out - of - the - box with my standard Google Apps - furnished IMAP account .
After typing in my address , it accepted it , only to tell me a few minutes later that it was n't working -- that I needed to change some sort of IMAP setting .
But where ?
Delete , repeat , fail .
Through trial and error , I discovered that if I typed in an invalid email address , I could trick it into offering me a different menu , where I could manually input my IMAP server information .
That eventually worked , and now I am getting email nicely .
But no one should have to trick their phone to do that .
Perhaps the option to manually configure an email account is hidden somewhere on the phone , but it 's not where it belongs -- in the first window of the Email Setup wizard -- so who knows .
No one is supposed to have to find a hidden feature .
Perhaps the intention is to spare people from having to input IMAP information in the first place , and that RIM is trying to be extra simple here .
But when something does n't work , that 's no help .
RIM 's BlackBerry App
World is n't much better .
Every app you install requires paging through a lengthy end - user agreement , and clicking the " I Agree " button way down at the end .
The fact that Apple does n't require this for the iPhone App Store -- the standard that every mobile maker should try to duplicate -- seems like reason enough to figure out a better way to handle this .
It also seems strange that BlackBerry apps are n't downloaded directly to the " Applications " folder , but to a " Downloads " folder .
You have to move them manually , which could get tiring after a while .
( Also : Any app recommendations ? )
And there 's a lot of little things .
While the new BlackBerry Web browser is a big improvement over older ones , it 's still nowhere near as nice as the one on the iPhone or the Palm Pre .
It does n't seem to have " smart " zooming features , which magnify text and not images , or zoom into a paragraph to make it the full size of the screen .
Text handling is also sloppy , such as in an HTML email I read this morning , where there was a missing space in the BlackBerry email 's subject line , but not in any other client I read the message in .
RIM could also afford to pay attention to details like its icons .
There 's no reason the calendar icon , for instance , should n't show today 's date , the way Apple 's does .
Verizon 's Visual Voice Mail icon is n't the same style as the rest of the phone 's icons , and looks sloppy .
To a layperson , these might sound like weightless gripes from an ex-Web designer .
Maybe this sort of stuff does n't sell phones , and people are just buying iPhones to play games and goof off .
There is definitely something special about RIM 's push email , which BlackBerry fanatics tell us they 'll never leave for Apple .
And it 's not like Microsoft 's lack of taste and elegance stopped Windows from taking over the world .
But we 'd like to think that simplicity and elegance do matter .
For one , if RIM 's email setup were as good as Apple 's , it might save its carrier partners on customer service spending .
And as RIM counts more on self - selecting consumers for growth , not already - invested corporations , just looking good next to an iPhone or Palm Pre -- and offering great first impressions -- will be important .
( During RIM 's first quarter , which ended in May , about 80 % of new subscriber growth came from " non-enterprise " customers , which now account for more than half of its total subscriber base . )
RIM is still selling plenty of phones -- 7.8 million last quarter -- thanks to solid devices , wide carrier distribution , and promotions like buy - one , get - one - free handsets at Verizon .
But to keep growing in the era of a $ 99 iPhone , RIM will need to start doing a better job with its user experience .
Making things simpler and more elegant is a good start .
Update : Readers have pointed toward a Web - based RIM portal that could make this process easier to manage .
I 'm trying to get access to that now .
Meanwhile , I 'd note that customers who buy BlackBerries ( or any phones ) in a store would probably have access to personnel who could set this up for them , preventing headaches .
But that 's not fixing the problem that the phone did n't just work .
Which is how gadgets should operate .
Update 2 : It appears the email problem was because of the way my Google Apps account was configured .
Specifically , I 'd turned off synching " All Mail " via IMAP , because it 's a massive , redundant directory that includes both my Inbox and my Outbox .
A support doc on RIM 's site explains that " All Mail " must be turned on to work via BlackBerry .
After turning this setting back on , the BlackBerry was able to work with my email automatically .
This is a fair compromise , but one that I do n't have to make on the iPhone .
I wo n't be posting too much this week , but this clip was so outrageous I had to try and write something .
Joe Lieberman was on Andrea Mitchell and he announced like the pompous ass he is that Joe Lieberman categorically is opposed to the public option for health care .
And his major reason is because the votes are n't there .
First of all , that 's a crock .
President Obama only needs 51 votes , so please , let 's get rid of that talking point .
It 's only cowards like Holy Joe and the rest of the mealymouthed Dmes who are trying to sell us all down the river .
But the biggest hoax being foisted on Americans is the claim that a public option would destroy the health - care industry and we can't have that .
If the health - care industry or HIC ( Health Industrial Complex ) , as we call it , is so frakkin ' wonderful , then what are they afraid of , and why is it a nightmare ?
Also , Holy Joe like the Mad Twitterer ( Grassley ) say that there already is competition in the HIC because there are like three hundred and fifty companies already .
Does n't that tell these bozos that something is wrong if there are so many health - insurance providers and health care in America is this screwed up ?
If freaks like Blanche Lincoln , Mary Landrieu , and Joe Lieberman -- just to name a few -- were being honest , they would stop with the word games and do what 's right for the American people .
Lieberman : Yea , I 'm a against it because I think , two reasons .
One is I 'm fearful that at a time that we 're spending too much here in Washington and going much too deeply in debt that a public option on health care no matter how you structure it will end up costing the taxpayers money .
We do n't need it .
There 's more than three hundred and fifty companies , maybe more than that selling health insurance , there 's going to be a lot of competition for health insurance once universal health insurance comes and the third and probably the most important , the votes are not there for a public health plan , government run option and this can stand in the way of a historic achievement for President Obama , Congress and the American people which is really to establish a universal access to quality , affordable health care plan in America so I think as this goes on , there gotta be compromises on this if we want to do what I think the people want us to do .
This is one of the most infuriating statements regarding the public option I 've ever heard .
He now uses a new Luntz phrase :
It 's not Universal Health Care , it 's Universal Access to Health Care .
WTF is that ?
Are Senators by nature InF*&kingInSane ?
Do they all just come up with terminology that makes no sense about the policy being debated ?
We 're not talking about access , we 're talking about success .
First :
How much money are the two wars costing us ?
Why is n't Congress yapping about the incredible amounts of money that is being sunk into the bottomless pit of Iraq and Afghanistan ?
No outrage from Joe on that .
Is n't it costing the taxpayers a boatload of cash that Bush never even put into the budget ?
And for all we 've spent on them , what do we have to show for it ?
With the public option , American families will have health care .
I heard McCain reiterating his point about having out - of - state insurance companies competing with each other .
I immediately thought that if he got his wish , the idiot companies would make you go to Arizona for health care even if you live in Cleveland .
Anyway , Lieberman is a corporate mouthpiece for the HIC and he can rot as far as I 'm concerned .
He actually had the nerve to say that Obama is blowing the opportunity to reform health care because the President is n't bowing down to the hacks that cry " bipartisanship " .
Health care is not a bipartisan issue .
It 's an American issue .
The success or failure or reform legislation is not about Chuck Grassley and Kent Conrad splitting the difference .
We should be done with that .
It 's about doing the right thing and making sure every American can obtain the health care they need .
Lieberman is either bought off or he does n't have the chops to get his Republican and Democratic allies behind a public option that will be robust .
Where in London can one purchase plutonium ?
In Covent Garden , at the Helios Homeopathy shop .
Dr Fiona Barclay , a chemist at RGB Research in west London , made this discovery .
Her company specialises in selling collections of the periodic table elements ( with the exception of those elements that are illegal or are so very short - lived - a few seconds or less - that they invite frustration ) .
Some elements are easy to purchase : carbon , sulphur , iron .
For others , one can turn to eBay , where arsenic , uranium ( in the form of uranium - tipped missiles ) , and other elements of ill repute are commonly on offer .
But plutonium proved hard to find ... until Barclay turned to Google , which directed her to the Helios shop .
She explains what happened next :
" I went to Covent Garden and went into the shop and said , ' Please , may I have some plutonium . '
And the lady behind the counter said , ' I shall fetch the chemist . '
" The chemist was duly fetched , and I said , ' I 'd really like a sample of plutonium . '
She asked , ' And how strong would you like it , madam ? '
" I had gone in there with the very good intention of asking what their original source was , because it's my understanding that , although they dilute everything until there 's not even a molecule left , they do start off with one drop .
But I got frazzled , and forgot to ask .
" The chemist gave me pillules , which very entertainingly have a ' best before ' date of the 31st of March , 2013 .
And as I was leaving she pointed out that there was no plutonium in it .
British citizens are not limited to the one source .
Freeman 's Homeopathic Pharmacy offers " plutonium nitricum " , also listed as " plutonium nit " , for sale on its website .
It also sells " Pan troglodytes ( chimpanzee hair ) " , peach , peanut , pelican , " petrol and diesel fumes " , " pig dust " , " pig hair " , and " placenta ( human Welsh ) " .
Those are just nine of the 184 available items with names that begin with the letter " p " .
The firm offers homeopathic medicines from all the other letters of the alphabet , too .
And yes , you can get uranium nit .
Helios , too , has a website .
It offers four tablets of plutonium ( 236 ) nitricum for £ 4.06 , but notes that " Helios remedies are without therapeutic indications " .
Where can one go for therapeutic indications about medicinal plutonium ?
Provence , France .
In 2005 , Dr Ramon Frendo of that city wrote one of the few existing monographs on the subject .
Published in the Revue Belge d'Homoeopathie , it describes two patients whom Frendo treated with plutonium nit .
One was a 59 - year - old woman who had delusions and " had dreams about sharks " , the other a 39 - year - old who " hated her mother but could not leave her " and who " also dreams of sharks " .
This followed by a year a related Frendo study called Guano , which appeared in the same journal , but which , perhaps inevitably , because of the sexiness of the plutonium paper , no longer gets its fair share of attention .
• Marc Abrahams is editor of the bimonthly Annals of Improbable Research and organiser of the Ig Nobel prize
Keeping mentally active is key Keeping the brain active by working later in life may be an effective way to ward off Alzheimer 's disease , research suggests .
Researchers analysed data from 1,320 dementia patients , including 382 men .
They found that for the men , continuing to work late in life helped keep the brain sharp enough to delay dementia taking hold .
The study was carried out by the Institute of Psychiatry at King 's College London .
It features in the International Journal of Geriatric Psychiatry .
More people than ever retire later in life to avert financial hardship , but there may be a silver lining - lower dementia risk
Rebecca Wood
Alzheimer 's Research Trust Around 700,000 people in the UK currently have dementia and experts have estimated that by 2051 , the number could stand at 1.7 m .
It is estimated that the condition already costs the UK economy £ 17bn a year .
Brain connections Dementia is caused by the mass loss of cells in the brain , and experts believe one way to guard against it is to build up as many connections between cells as possible by being mentally active throughout life .
This is known as a " cognitive reserve " .
There is evidence to suggest a good education is associated with a reduced dementia risk .
FROM THE BBC WORLD SERVICE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC World Service
And the latest study suggests there can also be a positive effect of mental stimulation continued into our later years .
Those people who retired late developed Alzheimer 's at a later stage than those who opted not to work on .
Each additional year of employment was associated with around a six week later age of onset .
Researcher Dr John Powell said : " The possibility that a person 's cognitive reserve could still be modified later in life adds weight to the " use it or lose it " concept where keeping active later in life has important health benefits , including reducing dementia risk . "
The researchers also admit that the nature of retirement is changing , and that for some people it may now be as intellectually stimulating as work .
Key threshold Researcher Professor Simon Lovestone said : " The intellectual stimulation that older people gain from the workplace may prevent a decline in mental abilities , thus keeping people above the threshold for dementia for longer .
"
However , he added : " Much more research is needed if we are to understand how to effectively delay , or even prevent , dementia . "
Rebecca Wood , chief executive of the Alzheimer 's Research Trust , which funded the study , said : " More people than ever retire later in life to avert financial hardship , but there may be a silver lining - lower dementia risk . "
However , Dr Susanne Sorensen , head of research at the Alzheimer 's Society , said the small sample size of the study made it difficult to draw firm conclusions .
She said : " There could be a number of reasons why later retirement in men is linked with later onset of dementia .
" Men who retire early often do so because of health conditions , such as hypertension or diabetes , which increase your risk of dementia .
" It could also be that working helps keep your mind and body active , which we know reduces risk of dementia . "
A spokesperson for the Department for Work and Pensions said it had carried out work showing that working beyond pension age had many positive effects .
" Not only can it mean more income , but also social networking and increased activity .
" We also find that many of today 's older workers are choosing rejecting the cliff edge between work and retirement in favour of a gradual step down .
And employers should help them to do this . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Concerned about the rate of sexually transmitted infections among young women , the Los Angeles County Department of Public Health is offering free in - home testing kits through a new mail - in service .
The program is aimed primarily at black and Latina women below the age of 25 , who make up a disproportionate number of those infected , said Dr. Jonathan Fielding , who directs the county health department .
Chlamydia and gonorrhea often have no symptoms .
But left untreated , they can cause serious long - term problems such as pelvic inflammatory disease and damage to reproductive organs .
“ There is no longer any reason for any young women in Los Angeles County to become infertile , suffer chronic pain or deal with a life - threatening tubal pregnancy because of these two STDs , ” Fielding said in a statement announcing the program .
The number of chlamydia infections in the county has been rising steadily since 1996 , according to figures collected by the Los Angeles County Sexually Transmitted Disease Program .
The disease now accounts for three out of every four STDs reported in the county .
Last year , the program recorded 43,431 cases of chlamydia among men and women and 8,415 cases of gonorrhea .
Women who are sexually active are encouraged to test for both diseases at least once a year .
But Fielding said many do not .
For some , barriers such as cost , time and transportation may be a factor .
Others may be worried about the reaction they will get if they ask for a test .
The new program uses technology familiar to younger women to try to remove those barriers , Fielding said by telephone .
Women of any age can use the service , but parental consent is required for girls younger than 12 .
Supervisor Zev Yaroslavsky praised the program for its “ innovative ” and “ cost - effective ” approach .
" In today 's economy , when the public rightly expects us to tighten our belts and do more with less , our Department of Public Health deserves a lot of credit for thinking outside the box in its efforts to modernize our healthcare delivery system , " Yaroslavsky said .
Women can order tests for chlamydia and gonorrhea through the “ Do n’t Think Know Home Test Kit " website or by calling ( 800 ) 758-0880 , officials said today .
The tests will be sent to their homes to be take n in private and the results will be processed by the Public Health Laboratory .
A cellphone text message will then be sent to remind the women to collect the results online or by phone one week later .
-- Alexandra Zavis
HIKING THE APPALACHIAN ARGENTINE TRAIL
June 2009 : South Carolina Gov. Mark Sanford , who called for the ousters of Bill Clinton and Rep. Bob Livingston ( R - LA ) over their extramarital affairs , admits to a year - long affair with a woman in Buenos Aires after disappearing for a week .
No word yet on whether he ’ll resign .
Newscom /KRT
COVETING THY STAFFER’S WIFE
June 2009 : Sen. John Ensign ( R - NV ) , who called on Clinton to resign and has spoken about the “ sanctity of marriage , ” admits to an affair with Cynthia Hampton , a staffer and the wife of another Ensign staffer , whom Ensign helped to secure new employment after the affair was discovered .
Newscom / Lauren Victoria Burke / WDCPIX.COM
THE ( SECOND ) FAMILY GUYMay 2008 : Family values champ Rep. Vito Fossella ( R - NY ) ends his re-election bid after a drunk driving arrest leads to the revelation that he has had both an affair and a child with another woman .
Newscom / Ron Sachs /CNP
ORAL SEX AS SELF - DEFENSE
July 2007 : Double feature !
Florida State Rep. Bob Allen , the co-chair of McCain ’s 2008 Florida campaign , is arrested for offering an undercover cop $ 20 for the privilege of performing oral sex on him .
He later says he was afraid of becoming a “ statistic , ” as he thought the black cop was a mugger .
Allen previously advocated keeping gay couples from adopting children and applying stiffer penalties for lewd acts .
The same month , Glenn Murphy Jr. , president of the Young Republican National Federation who advised GOP - ers to use gay marriage as a wedge issue , is accused of trying to perform oral sex on a sleeping 22 - year - old man .
In 1998 , a young man had filed an uncannily similar report against Murphy .
.gov
THE HONORABLE FOOT - TAPPER FROM IDAHOAugust 2007 : Sen. Larry “ Wide Stance ” Craig ( R - ID ) pleads guilty in August 2007 to disorderly conduct for soliciting sex from an undercover cop in a Minneapolis airport bathroom .
He refuses to resign , but does not run for re-election .
WDCPIX.COM
July 2007 : Sen. David Vitter ( R - LA ) , an abstinence - only sex ed advocate , is linked to the D.C. Madam ’s high - end escort service .
He has not resigned , and plans to seek re-election next year .
WDCPIX.COM
PRIVATE DIPLOMACY
April 2007 : Randall Tobias , Bush ’s Global AIDS Coordinator who spoke out against prostitution ( and condom use , for that matter ) , resigns from the State Department after he is linked to an escort service .
He maintained that there was no sex , just massages .
Newscom / Evan F. Sisley / Sipa Press
PAPA DON’T PREACH
November 2006 : Let ’s take a break from the politicians .
Ted Haggard , the evangelical pastor who condemned homosexuality regularly , resigns as president of the National Association of Evangelicals after allegations that he took meth and patronized a male prostitute .
While he admits to buying meth , he claims he threw it out , and only received a massage from the prostitute .
He maintains he is “ completely heterosexual ” .
Newscom
WHAT HAPPENS IN VEGAS …
October 2006 : Current Nevada Gov. Jim Gibbons is accused of assaulting a woman in a parking garage by throwing her against a wall and threatening to rape her .
She drops criminal charges , citing intimidation by his campaign .
She does , however , file a civil suit .
In June 2009 , Gibbons asks a judge to seal his phone records against her lawyers , something that may also have to do with his ongoing divorce proceedings , in which he ’s accused of more affairs .
Newscom
SEXTING BEFORE SEXTING WAS COOLSeptember 2006 : Rep. Mark Foley ( R - Fla . ) , a fierce opponent of child pornography , resigns after it surfaces that he has sent illicit emails to teenage pages .
.gov
Underwear Protest
That is what I call the best protest ever .
Those people are dismissed workers of Triumph International Philippines , the largest undergarment manufacturer in the country .
They were standing in front of the Department of Labour and Employment in Manila throwing bras and panties in the air .
Heat waves , droughts and floods affect poor people disproportionately , according to a new report that recommends legislation to alleviate the impact as the climate warms .
African Americans living in Los Angeles have a projected heat - wave mortality rate that is nearly twice that of other Los Angeles residents , according to researchers from the University of Southern California and the University of California Berkeley who focused on the growing field of " environmental justice . "
And Latinos are the primary population in many neighborhoods and regions , including Los Angeles and the San Joaquin Valley , that have the worst air quality in the nation .
The report , " The Climate Gap , Inequalities in how Climate Change hurts Americans and How to Close the Gap " comes as the California Legislature and the U.S. Congress are grappling with how to design systems to control greenhouse gases that trap heat in the atmosphere .
And how they are designed will have a major impact on low - income neighborhoods located near refineries , power plants and other industrial facilities that also spew unhealthful conventional pollutants .
" People of color will be hurt the most -- unless elected officials and other policymakers intervene , " said Rachel Morello - Frosch , a UC Berkeley researcher .
Next week , the California Assembly is expected to take up a bill , AB 1404 , that would drastically limit the amount of greenhouse gases that polluters could offset by paying emitters in other regions to cut their gases .
Under loose guidelines adopted by the California Air Resources Board under the state 's landmark global warming law , up to 49 % of greenhouse gas pollution could be reduced through offsets such as planting trees or capturing landfill gases .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
In case you had any doubts , here ’s the real reason why insurance companies do n’t want health care reform to include a so - called public option :
These champions of freemarket capitalism know that they simply can’t compete with a government - run plan .
The insurance lobby is already trying to scare people off the idea of a public option , warning that the government will leave all of us to die slowly and painfully as we try to wade through its bloated bureaucracy .
( One example of the industry ’s PR efforts appears at the end of this post . )
But the truth is that on a level playing field , the government would probably drive private insurers out of business , because it can deliver health care more effectively and efficiently than any profit - driven corporation .
This is n’t something we need to speculate about , since we already have a government - run health plan on which to base comparisons : Medicare .
For years , studies have shown a high level of satisfaction among Medicare beneficiaries .
Last week , a new study released by the Commonwealth Fund revealed how Medicare measures up against private plans .
It was bad news for the insurance industry .
Elderly Medicare beneficiaries are more satisfied with their health care , and experience fewer problems accessing and paying for care , than Americans with employer - sponsored insurance ( ESI ) , according to a study by Commonwealth Fund researchers … .
The gap between consumers ’ ratings of Medicare and ESI has widened since a similar survey in 2001 … .
Thirty - seven percent of elderly Medicare beneficiaries rated their coverage as excellent , versus 20 percent of the employer group .
Meanwhile , only 8 percent of elderly Medicare beneficiaries rated their insurance as “ fair ” or “ poor , ” compared with 18 percent of those with ESI .
Survey results demonstrate that Medicare beneficiaries are less likely than those with private coverage to report negative experiences with their insurance plans — including having expensive medical bills for noncovered services , being charged a lot more than insurance would pay , and physicians ’ not taking their insurance … .
Other study highlights include : • Access to care .
In spite of having poorer health and lower incomes than those with ESI , elderly Medicare beneficiaries were less likely ( 20 percent versus 37 percent ) to report access problems due to cost , such as not filling a prescription or not visiting a doctor for a medical problem .
• Financial pressure .
Despite their lower incomes , elderly Medicare beneficiaries reported fewer problems with medical bills , such as inability to pay or being contacted by collection agencies .
Fifteen percent of them reported at least one of these problems , compared to 26 percent of those in the employer - coverage group .
Furthermore , elderly Medicare beneficiaries were no more likely than those with ESI to be devoting 5 - 10 percent of their income or more to health care .
• Quality of care .
Sixty - one percent of elderly Medicare beneficiaries said that they had received excellent or very good care , compared to just half of those with ESI .
Moreover , 57 percent of elderly Medicare beneficiaries were confident that they could get high - quality , safe care in the future , versus 46 percent of those in the employer group .
So , to summarize–actual consumers of the various types of health care plans say Medicare is better , easier , cheaper , and fairer than private insurance .
With results like these , you have to wonder :
Why do we need a private option ?
That , of course , is the question insurance companies do n’t want us to ask–which is why they ’re launching PR campaigns like this one , revealed on Monday in the Washington Post ’ s “ Daily Dose ” blog :
One week after the nation ’s health insurance lobby pledged to President Obama to do what it can to constrain rising health costs , Blue Cross Blue Shield of North Carolina is putting the finishing touches on a public message campaign aimed at killing a key plank in Obama ’s reform platform .
As part of what it calls an “ informational website , ” the company has hired an outside PR company to make a series of videos sounding the alarm about a government - sponsored health insurance option , known as the public plan… .
In three 30 - second videos , the insurer paints a picture of a future system in which patients wait months for appointments and can’t choose their own doctors , according to storyboards of the videos obtained by the Washington Post .
One video titled “ Waiting ” shows a receptionist fielding a request from a patient enrolled in the new program .
“ The government plan .
Okay hold on …let me see what ’s available , ” the woman says into the telephone .
On the screen , with the caller on hold , the receptionist rearranges items on her desk , looks at a wide - open calendar and then fibs :
“ It looks like the first time we can fit you in is in two - and - a - half months . ”
Another spot in the series , being developed by Capstrat media in Raleigh , shows a woman and child wandering down a darkened hospital doorway “ as if they ’re starting to realize that they ’ve lost their way , ” according to sketches of the video .
“ We can do a lot better than a government - run health care system , ” the narrator concludes .
Apparently , America ’s old folks disagree .
This post also appears on Unsilent Generation , James Ridgeway ’s blog on the politics of aging .
TOKYO ( Reuters ) - Japan approved on Tuesday plans for a missile early warning system and some ruling party lawmakers suggested Japan should inspect North Korean ships , as a report said the North was preparing to fire a mid-range missile .
Pyongyang ’s launch over Japan in April of what it said was a satellite - bearing rocket , followed by a nuclear test and several short - range missile launches last week , has raised tensions in Tokyo , which sees itself as a potential missile target .
A space panel headed by Prime Minister Taro Aso agreed to the satellite missile detection plan as part of a new space policy document , a year after Japan dropped a decades - old ban on military use of space .
Japan put four spy satellites into space following North Korea ’s 1998 launch of a long - range missile that flew over Japan , but the satellite information - gathering system is in need of updating .
The new space policy says efforts would be made to increase the frequency at which photographs are taken of areas of concern , improve image quality and speed up the provision of information .
The research will include efforts to develop an early warning sensor , the government said in the document .
Japan , which has a history of rocky ties with North Korea for reasons ranging from its 1910 colonization of the Korean Peninsula to Pyongyang ’s abduction of Japanese citizens decades ago , has built up a missile defense system in cooperation with the United States .
South Korea ’s Yonhap news agency said on Tuesday the North was preparing to fire a mid-range missile , capable of hitting almost anywhere in Japan , after reports a long - range missile could be fired in weeks .
In a bid to put pressure on North Korea , a group of conservative ruling Liberal Democratic Party ( LDP ) lawmakers said they had begun work on a bill that would allow Japan to inspect North Korean cargo ships , despite restrictions related to the country ’s pacifist constitution .
Japan is pushing to include compulsory inspection of North Korean cargo ships among sanctions in a new U.N. Security Council resolution , but under current law , could not itself inspect ships unless Japan or nearby areas were under threat .
Japan is a member of the Proliferation Security Initiative ( PSI ) , launched by the United States in 2003 to inspect ships and planes in an effort to curb the spread of nuclear technology and other weapons .
But Japan ’s military activities are limited by its postwar pacifist constitution .
Ichita Yamamoto , who heads the group , said it would try to pass a bill allowing Japan to inspect ships in the current parliamentary session ending in late July .
“ The fact that the LDP is discussing this and that we are coming up with draft bills could send a message to North Korea , ” he told reporters after the group ’s meeting .
But it was unclear how much support the bill would gather , because inspecting ships in international waters may be seen by North Korea as a step close to a declaration of war .
College Park , MD ( July 28 , 2009 ) --
Two people with the same kind of cancer who receive the exact same treatment may nevertheless have different chances of their tumors coming back years later .
Now a team of scientists has developed a computer model that predicts cancer recurrence in an individual based on how her tumor changes size in response to the first rounds of radiation therapy .
The team , headed by Jian Z. Wang , director of the Radiation Response Modeling Program at the James Cancer Hospital and Solove Research Institute of Ohio State University in Columbus , will present the findings at the 51st Annual Meeting of the American Association of Physicists in Medicine ( AAPM ) in Anaheim , California .
The leading author , Zhibin Huang , has been selected as this meeting 's winner of the Jack Fowler Junior Investigator 's Competition .
Huang and colleagues at Ohio State University studied 80 women with cervical cancer who were diagnosed with tumors ranging from the size of a marble to the size of a grapefruit .
Each woman was treated with a course of radiation therapy -- beams of energy that destroyed the cancerous cells in her pelvis .
After few weeks of radiation treatment , the volume of each shrinking tumor was measured using an MRI scanner .
By fitting a mathematical model to this data , Huang calculated two things important for understanding how the tumors were responding to the radiotherapy : the fraction of cancerous cells that survived each of the daily radiation treatments and the amount of time it took each woman 's body to clear away and flush out those cells that were destroyed .
The two properties vary from individual to individual and from tumor to tumor .
These numbers could be used to predict whether or not a woman 's cervical cancer would come back years after her treatments .
If each daily radiation treatment annihilated at least 70 percent of a tumor , a woman had a 30 percent better chance of avoiding recurrence than an individual with a more resistant tumor .
Similarly , women whose bodies took longer than 22 days to clear out dead cells after each treatment were almost twice as likely to see their tumors reappear down the road .
The results , presented at this year 's AAPM meeting , suggest that not all cervical cancers are the same .
To improve treatment , said Wang , patients should be grouped based on whether their tumors are radioresistant or radiosensitive .
Other kinds of cancer could also benefit from this approach , says Nina A. Mayr , a professor of radiation oncology at the Ohio State University James Cancer Hospital and Solove Research Institute .
" Using similar techniques , ongoing projects from our group are tackling other cancer sites , such as lung and prostate cancer . "
The talk , " Outcome Prediction of Cervical Cancer : Kinetic Model of Tumor Regression During Radiation Therapy , " will be given at 10:00 a.m. on Tuesday , July 28 in Ballroom B. More information at : http://www.aapm.org/meetings/09AM/PRAbs.asp?mid=42&aid=10671
Source : American Institute of Physics
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - CNN medical correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta said on Thursday that he withdrew his name from consideration for U.S. surgeon general to focus more on his family and career as a surgeon .
“ It was a really tough decision , ” said Gupta , a father of two young daughters with a third on the way .
“ For me it really came down to a sense of timing more than anything else . ”
Gupta , a journalist and neurosurgeon , said he did not want to take on another responsibility that would require him to spend even more time away from his children or his work at a county hospital in Atlanta .
“ I came to grips with , ironically , that being surgeon general I probably would not be able to continue to practice surgery , ” Gupta said on CNN ’s “ Larry King Live ” program .
In addition to his work at CNN , Gupta is a practicing brain surgeon and professor at Emory University School of Medicine in Atlanta , Emory University Hospital and Grady Memorial Hospital .
President Barack Obama had not formally nominated Gupta for the post .
But the doctor said he had been told by White House officials that he was their top choice for surgeon general .
Gupta served in the 1990s as a White House fellow , where he was a special adviser to Hillary Clinton , writing speeches and helping her formulate policies .
The surgeon general leads the 6,000 - member commissioned corps of the U.S. Public Health Service and is the top federal government spokesman on matters of public health .
Surgeons general in the past have used the office as a bully pulpit to urge Americans to give up smoking , battle AIDS and tackle other healthcare concerns .
Ever think computer company product planning sessions consist of throwing one wacky concept after another against the wall to see what sticks ?
Not much does and sure enough , the ash heap of tech history is littered with flubs , flops and FUBAR fiascos designed to fly high but destined to fail .
Every so often , though , a diamond emerges from the dung heap and everything changes – the cliched “ paradigm shift ” .
Here are 15 of the coolest , craziest computer concepts you ’ll see today ; diamonds in the rough perhaps but easy on the eye fer shure !
SheevaPlug Shrinks Like A Frightened Turtle
( images via : Marvell , Yersys and Techshout )
The tiny SheevaPlug is a marvel to behold – and it ’s only natural that it ’s made by Marvell .
Looking more like an oversized electrical plug than a computer , the so - called Wall Wart is designed to deliver “ high - performance , always on , always connected , and environmentally friendly computing . ”
You
wo n’t find an optical drive or the usual accoutrements of home computers on the SheevaPlug , however – peripherals including storage connect to an embedded 1.2GHz ARM CPU through an integrated USB 2.0 port .
Good things DO come in small packages , it seems !
Apple ’s Open & Shut Case
( images via : VHXN and Gizmodo )
The MacBook Touch is awesome enough as it is but that is n’t stopping Jobs ’ jobbers from making a good thing better .
Witness this concept MacBook that employs one of Apple ’s more interesting patents : a transparent , multitouch display that acts as a control surface on both sides !
Today we have to open our laptops / notebooks / netbooks if we want to get down to business .
Tomorrow , maybe not – and that would be very good business indeed .
VAIO Zoom !
Biff Bang Pow !
( images via : Geekologie and Yanko Design )
Thin is in , to the point where you can barely see the screen from the side .
This SONY VAIO Zoom notebook concept by Eno Setiawan takes things one step further : you can barely see the screen from the front – at least , when the power ’s off .
The secret lies in holographic technology that even extends to the mouse buttons .
So , is a transparent laptop screen a good idea ?
Oh yeah … just keep it away from Kramer .
Toshiba ’s Desktop Deathstar
( image via : Ubergizmo )
Lord Vader , your server is ready .
This Deathstar - like desktop media server crystallizes Toshiba ’s vision of how TV and cellphones will interact in a seamless multimedia future .
( image via : Ubergizmo )
Everything ’s automatic : once the cellphone is in range , the server prompts it to download its media files to the server which in turn “ beams ” the files to a wireless HD 1080 p TV – and then destroys Alderan .
O Good , A Dell Concept !
( image via : Tuvie )
Owners demand a lot from their computers , but do they want sustainability ?
Dell thinks so , and they ’ve rolled out the well - rounded O Project PC to prove it .
Luis Luna ’s organic design features an integrated living plant pod that absorbs CO2 during the course of its daily life .
When the PC ’s life has ended , the cornstarch & bamboo polymer - based case can either be recycled or used as a non-computing plant pot to add a dash of tech savvy to your home decor scheme .
Russian To The Future With KOOB +
( images via : Lee Design Show and Industrial Design Served )
Slim , lightweight , compact , modular … all of the above apply to Artem Sazonov ’s KOOB + ” concept computer .
Sazonov has taken the idea of modularity to the max – one or more KOOB + component can be taken elsewhere and plugged into a different machine as needed .
If you like plug & play functionality , you ’ll love the KOOB +.
iMac Stays Ahead Of The Curve
( images via : Techfresh and Yanko Design )
Nuno Teixeira really knows his way a round computers , making him a natural choice to design the iView iMac concept .
The intriguing iView is curved to complement the human eye and features a second screen on the back – presumably for those with eyes in back of their heads .
Twin webcams pay tribute to the persistence of memory as this somewhat surrealistic concept computer owes much to Dali ’s famed fluid forms .
Less Is More… More Or Less
( images via : Unplggd and Yanko Design )
I ’d like to say HP ’s minimalist LiM concept desktop computer was designed by Les Moore but that would be too perfect – it ’s actually the brainchild of Jeffrey S. Engelhardt , a guy who believes desktop computers have a future in an increasingly mobile , server - oriented world .
Even so , by offering “ Less Is More ” to tomorrow ’s tech - savvy savants HP hopes to retain a lucrative slice of the retail pie .
Though the LIM is a stand - alone CPU , HP foresees offering some cool matching peripherals like a transparent 19 ″ OLED touchscreen , a wireless keyboard and a virtual trackpad to replace the mouse .
Microsoft ’s Mystery Machine
( image via : IFOCOS )
Not much info ’s out there on the above ultra - wrapped screen but supposedly it ’s a concept computer from Microsoft .
Considering the thickness of the screen we ’ll assume the computer -y bits are housed inside .
( image via : Geeksugar )
There are already curved screens out there , notably by Alienware ( above ) , but this one both out - curves and out - cools it by a long shot .
Let ’s hope this screen - comp - combo surfaces soon … and , has as little relationship as possible with Microsoft Surface .
Cario Up The Highway
( images via : Elite Choice and Tuvie )
What ’s the worst place to mount a notebook computer screen ?
If you guessed “ smack dab in the middle of your steering wheel ” , you get two points and a full body cast .
Even when connected in HUD mode this seems like a poorly thought out idea .
The Cario itself , on the other hand , is exceedingly well thought out .
Designed for use in cars and trucks , the Cario allows you to adjust vehicle settings like climate control and music besides any other standard computing .
If it can be made to work safely , you win , if not , Darwin does .
The BMW Of Computers
( images via : BoingBoing Gadgets and Core77 )
Coming from an outfit named BMW Group Designworks USA , you ’d expect the dials to be turned to 11 when it came to designing a true gamer ’s gaming computer .
And so it is – the “ Level 10 ” PC tower concept for Thermaltake .
( image via : BMW DesignWorks )
A massive vertical heatsink , individually enclosed components and not a stray wire to be seen … one wonders why they did n’t call it the “ Level 11 ” .
The Power Flower Tower
( image via : ECOfriend )
A minimalist computer powered by a fuel cell ?
We ’ve got one for you – or rather , somebody would if this concept goes into production .
One of the top five finalists in the Design ReGeneration competition , the Power Flower features a miniature fuel cell hidden atop a clear water reservoir , giving the design a light , aesthetically pleasing look that does n’t resemble any computer you ’ve seen before .
The New Mac Mini ?
( image via : Tech2 Reviews )
This inorganic Apple concept computer was designed by Sait Alanyali , who seems to have fallen in love with his straight edge .
Alanyali ’s put a lot of thought into the design , which provides functionality in a variety of positions .
Temperature is , as with any smaller computer , a paramount concern .
In Alanyali ’s words , “ Cool air to the sides , hot air from the legs . ”
Always a safe policy in any circumstance .
Cookbook Meets Computer
( images via : SparkingTech and The Kitchn )
Niche markets will be the focus of specialized computers as tech components get cheaper and the public acclimatizes itself to anything and everything being somehow computerized .
Example : the Kitchen Sync computer concept .
( images via : SparkingTech and The Kitchn )
Designed by Noah Balmer and winner of an International Housewares Association award , the Kitchen Sync seamlessly combines the functions of a comp and a cookbook .
Those who ’ve accidentally spilled chicken stock all over their pricey laptop will lap this right up !
The Poop On The E - Ball
( images via : Elite Choice and Device Daily )
It ’s not often a concept design leaves me speechless but this is one of those times .
I give you … the E - Ball !
Somewhat reminiscent of a roly - poly R2D2 , the E - Ball is undeniably impressive : how about a laser keyboard that beams out like ol ’ R2 relaying a message from Obi-wan ?
Plus , who needs a monitor when you can project images onto either a nearby wall or a sheet of paper .
( images via : Elite Choice and Device Daily )
All very cool and futuristic … and then the whole presentation is overshadowed by spelling “ sheet ” with an “ i ” instead of the two e’s .
Aw , crap .
As a geek version of Ferris Bueller might say , “ Technology moves pretty fast .
You do n’t stop and look around once in a while , you could miss it . ”
Thankfully , computer engineers wo n’t stop offering up their visions of future computing and for that , we may be thankful !
Her Highness Maharani Shri Gayatri Devi Sahiba , Maharani of Jaipur | home
The Maharani in Photographs
Her Highness Maharani Shri Gayatri Devi Sahiba , Maharani of Jaipur
The personification of beauty , grace , charm and elegance .
This picture was taken after the wedding of Princess Gayatri Devi of Cooch Behar and Maharaja Sawai Man Singh II of Jaipur .
The Maharani Gayatri Devi presenting a polo trophy to His Highness the Maharaja George Jivaji Rao Scindia of Gwalior in the 1940s .
The Maharaja Jivaji Rao Scindia 's Maharani was the late Rajmata Vijaya Raje Scindia .
The Rajmata was very active in politics and served as the Member of Parliament with the Bhartiya Janta Party .
Their son , the Maharaja Madhav Rao Scindia played an active role in politics , but was part of the Congress Party , the Rajmata 's opposition party .
The Maharaja Madhav Rao Scindia died suddenly in September 2001 in an aircraft accident .
The Maharani campaigning for the Jaipur constituency on behalf of the Swatantra Party .
Britain's Prince of Wales talks to the Rajmata of Jaipur at a reception for supporters of Friends of Conservation , in the State Apartments at St. James Palace in London , on Tuesday June 25 , 2002
The Rajmata of Jaipur at the Veuve Clicquot sponsored Gold Cup for the British Open Polo Championship at Cowdray Park , West Sussex on 21st July 2002 .
The photograph above is copyright © of Desmond O' Neill to whom all rights are reserved .
Her Highness Rajmata Shri Gayatri Devi Sahiba , Rajmata of Jaipur
The radiant Maharani Gayatri Devi of Jaipur .
Colonel K. S. Garcha President of the Jaipur Polo & Riding Club presenting a trophy to Her Highness Rajmata Gayatri Devi
Maharaja Sawai Man Singh and Maharani Gayatri Devi at a Polo party in the 1950s
Her Highness Maharani Gayatri Devi and His Highness Maharaja Man Singh with the Jaipur Polo team .
The Maharaja Man Singh II stands second from the left .
Her Highness Rajmata Shri Gayatri Devi Sahiba , Rajmata of Jaipur
Yuvraj Vikrmaditya and Yuvrani Chitra of Jammu & Kashmir with the Maharani Gayatri Devi of Jaipur .
The Yuvrani Chitra is the daughter of Maharaja Madhavrao Scindia and Maharani Madhvi Raje Scindia of Gwalior .
The Rajmata of Jaipur celebrating the Hindu festival of Holi .
The ever gracious Rajmata Gayatri Devi Sahiba
Her Highness Rajmata Shri Gayatri Devi Sahiba , Rajmata of Jaipur
The Rajmata Gayatri Devi Sahiba seated on the right .
Behind her are two courtiers holding up a magnificent portrait of her mother the most beautiful Maharani Indira Devi of Cooch - Behar .
This picture was taken on the lawns of the Lillypool .
Lillypool is the Rajmata 's home on the grounds of Rambagh Palace , Jaipur .
Rajmata Gayatri Devi as the elite guest at the fashion show " Khadi for Fashion " by Raghavendra Rathore held at Hotel Jai Mahal Palace , Jaipur on January 31 , 2002 .
Her Highness Rajmata Shri Gayatri Devi Sahiba , Rajmata of Jaipur
Her Highness Rajmata Shri Gayatri Devi Sahiba inaugurates the new manufacturing unit of Kaya Kalp herbal products at Jaipur .
Beautician Kulsum Malik ( right ) , the owner of Kaya Kalp chain of beauty parlour escorts the royal lady on March 25 , 2002
The Rajmata dining at her home the Lilypool .
Her Highness
The Rajmata Gayatri Devi Sahiba was honored by ARISIA on November 11 , 2003 poses in front of her portraits taken in the 1960s .
Though many years have passed the Rajmata continues to be the embodiment of grace , charm and elegance .
The Rajmata at her tribute by ARISIA .
Her Highness Rajmata Gayatri Devi Sahiba .
The Rajmata poses for the camera in a gold evening gown .
The 16 th Hong Kong Fashion Week for Spring / Summer 2010 , organised by HKTDC , will be staged from July 6 th to 9 th 2009 at the Hong Kong Convention and Exhibition Centre ( HKCEC ) .
The fair will showcase newest designs from Mainland China and Asia arranged into special product - specific zones .
In the pictures below , we can see the talent of these designers .
High fashion at affordable prices is a win win deal for all .
Here are some stunning photos taken at this event .
( Photos by Victor Fraile / Getty Images / zimbio.com )
A secret government agency has developed a scanner which determines whether a person is a terrorist .
The scanner is fairly reliable ; 95 % of all scanned terrorists are identified as terrorists , and 95 % of all upstanding citizens are identified as such .
An informant tells the agency that exactly one passenger of 100 aboard an aeroplane in which in you are seated is a terrorist .
The agency decide to scan each passenger , and the shifty looking man sitting next to you tests positive .
Were you sitting next to a terrorist ?
What are the chances that this man really is a terrorist ?
A simple way to untangle this problem is to use natural frequencies ; that is , rather than referring to percentages or probabilities , we refer to numbers appropriate for the circumstances .
We are given that one of one hundred passengers is a terrorist .
When this person is scanned , he or she will probably test positive as a terrorist because of the high accuracy of the scanner .
Of the 99 people who are not terrorists , 5 % - that 's about 5 people - will incorrectly test positive as terrorists .
In summary , of the people that test positive , 1 is a terrorist and 5 are not terrorists .
So there is only about 1/6 chance of the shifty looking man actually being a terrorist , despite testing positive .
The animation below is used to illustrate this type of problem .
Click on the tabs to see different ways of viewing the information .
The data shown for ' Security checks ' is the data from the problem discussed above .
You can insert your own data using the ' Personalise ' tab .
You need to install the Adobe Flash Player to see the animation .
The fact that an apparently rather accurate test gives such a low probability of the suspect actually being a terrorist can be surprising .
It certainly explains why there may be scepticism about widespread screening for catching criminals : when the proportion of criminality is quite low , even an accurate test will identify many more innocent people than criminals .
These issues are particularly important when screening for diseases , and so have a look at our , hopefully more realistic , examples in screening for HIV and for breast cancer .
The analysis in all these examples relate to a mathematical result known as
Bayes '
Theorem .
For more on natural frequencies , refer to 2845 ways to spin the risk .
Countries and Languages of the World
Select a country from this menu Afghanistan | افغانستان Albania | Shqipëria Algeria | الجزائر Andorra Angola Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia | Հայաստան Australia Austria | Österreich Azerbaijan | Azərbaycan Bahamas Bahrain | البحرين Bangladesh | বাংলাদেশ Barbados Belarus | Беларусь Belgium | België | Belgique | Belgien Belize Benin | Bénin Bhutan | འབྲུག་ཡུལ། Bolivia | Wuliwya | Volívia | Buliwya Bosnia and Herzegovina | Bosna i Hercegovina Botswana Brazil | Brasil Brunei Bulgaria | България Burkina Faso Burma | မ္ရန္‌မာ Burundi | Uburundi Cambodia | កម្ពុជា Cameroon | Cameroun Canada Cape Verde | Cabo Verde Central African Republic | Centrafrique | Bêafrîka Chad | Tchad | تشاد Chile China | 中國/中国 Colombia Comoros | Komori | Comores | جزر القمر Congo , Dem. Rep. | Congo , Rép. dém .
Congo , Republic | Congo , République Costa Rica Cote d’Ivoire | Côte d’Ivoire Croatia | Hrvatska Cuba Cyprus | Κύπρος | Kıbrıs Czechia | Česko Denmark | Danmark Djibouti | جيبوتي Dominica Dominican Republic | República Dominicana East Timor | Timór - Leste | Timor - Leste Ecuador Egypt | مصر El Salvador Equatorial Guinea | Guinea Ecuatorial | Guinée équatoriale | Guiné Equatorial Eritrea | ኤርትራ | إرتريا Estonia | Eesti Ethiopia | ኢትዮጵያ Fiji | Viti | फ़िजी Finland | Suomi France Gabon Gambia Georgia | საქართველო Germany | Deutschland Ghana Greece | Ελλάδα Grenada Guatemala Guinea | Guinée Guinea - Bissau | Guiné - Bissau Guyana Haiti | Haïti | Ayiti Honduras Hungary | Magyarország Iceland | Ísland India | भारत Indonesia Iran | ایران Iraq | العراق Ireland | Éire Israel | إسرائيل | ישראל Italy | Italia Jamaica Japan | 日本 Jordan | الأردن Kazakhstan | Қазақстан Kenya Kiribati Korea , North | 조선 Korea , South | 한국 Kosovo | Kosova | Косово Kuwait | الكويت Kyrgyzstan | Кыргызстан Laos | ປະເທດ​ລາວ Latvia | Latvija Lebanon | لبنان Lesotho Liberia Libya | ليبيا Liechtenstein Lithuania | Lietuva Luxembourg | Luxemburg | Lëtzebuerg Macedonia | Македонија Madagascar | Madagasikara Malawi | Malaŵi Malaysia Maldives | ދިވެހިރާއްޖެ Mali Malta Marshall Islands | Aelōñin Ṃajeḷ Mauritania | موريتانيا | Mauritanie Mauritius | Maurice Mexico | México | Mēxihco Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia | Монгол улс Montenegro | Crna Gora / Црна Гора Morocco | المغرب Mozambique | Moçambique Namibia Nauru | Naoero Nepal | नेपाल Netherlands | Nederland New Zealand | Aotearoa Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Norway | Norge / Noreg Oman | عمان Pakistan | پاکستان Palau | Belau Palestine | فلسطين Panama | Panamá Papua New Guinea | Papua Niugini Paraguay | Paraguái Peru | Perú Philippines | Pilipinas Poland | Polska Portugal Qatar | قطر Romania | România Russia | Россия Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa | Sāmoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe | São Tomé e Príncipe Saudi Arabia | العربية السعودية Senegal | Sénégal Serbia | Србија / Srbija Seychelles | Sesel Sierra Leone Singapore | 新加坡 | Singapura | சிங்கப்பூர் Slovakia | Slovensko Slovenia | Slovenija Solomon Islands Somalia | Soomaaliya | الصومال South Africa | Suid-Afrika South Sudan Spain | España Sri Lanka | ශ්‍රී ලංකාව | இலங்க ை Sudan | السودان Suriname Swaziland | eSwatini Sweden | Sverige Switzerland | Schweiz | Suisse | Svizzera | Svizra Syria | سورية Taiwan | 臺灣/台湾 Tajikistan | Тоҷикистон Tanzania Thailand | ประเทศไทย Togo Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia | تونس Turkey | Türkiye Turkmenistan | Türkmenistan Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine | Україна United Arab Emirates | الإمارات العربية المتحدة United Kingdom United States Uruguay Uzbekistan | Oʻzbekiston Vanuatu Vatican City | Civitas Vaticana Venezuela Vietnam | Việt Nam Western Sahara | الصحراء الغربية Yemen | اليمن Zambia Zimbabwe
Loading
By Sterling “ Chip ” Camden
Contributing Writer , [ GAS ]
In the David vs. Goliath battle of the browsers , Opera has always played the part of the mosquito – it preys on both of the major contestants , but it does n’t eat much ( although it has chewed out a nice niche in the mobile browser market ) .
You ’ve got to admire them for having the guts to go up against Microsoft , Mozilla , Apple , and now even Google .
Well , it appears that Opera ’s hubris knows no limits .
Now they ’re promising to reinvent the web , on Tuesday .
I ca n’t help envisioning a to - do list :
Sunday : mow the lawn , fix broken down - spout
Monday : pick up the cleaning , dentist appointment @ 2PM
Tuesday : reinvent the web
Yeah , that ’ll take all day .
Seriously , though – that ’s about all they ’re saying on the subject – apart from a cryptic narrative in their Twitter stream that duplicates a comment in the page source for the announcement :
We start our little story with the invention of the modern day computer .
Over the years , the computers grew in numbers , and the next natural step in the evolution was to connect them together .
To share things .
But as these little networks grew , some computers gained more power than the rest and called themselves servers .
Today , millions of people are connected together in a great web …
Tom Clarke speculates that this new innovation may have something to do with cloud computing , since the image on the site ( shown above ) displays a lightning bolt in the clouds .
He further guesses that it may have something to do with sharing more data across devices ( bookmarks , cookies , history , etc. ) via the cloud .
I think the folks at Opera might be even more ambitious .
I ’m expecting something that runs in the browser and interacts with the cloud in ways that go beyond the traditional HTTP client / server architecture of the web as we know it ( including Ajax ) .
Tomorrow at 9 AM CEDT ( 1 AM EDT ) , we ’ll find out whether my prophecy proves proficient , or if I was hoodwinked by their hype .
An Orwellian gaffe involving the Kindle e-book reader just wont go down the memory hole for Amazon.com .
On Thursday , a Chicago - based law firm filed a suit in federal court in Seattle against Amazon on behalf of Justin D. Gawronski , a 17 - year - old Michigan high school senior .
The suit , which seeks class - action status , claims that when the company wirelessly deleted a copy of George Orwells Nineteen Eighty - Four from Gawronski's Kindle earlier this month , it also deleted the notes he had taken on the device for his homework .
...
Research 2000 for Daily Kos. 7/27-30 .
All adults .
MoE 2 % ( No trend lines )
Do you believe that Barack Obama was born in the United States of America or not ?
Yes 77
No 11
Not sure 12
So 11 percent of Americans are Obama - hating conspiracy theorists .
How do they break down ?
Yes No Not sure
Dem 93 4 3
Rep 42 28 30
Ind 83 8 9 Northeast 93 4 3
South 47 23 30
Midwest 90 6 4
West 87 7 6
Once again , Republicans find themselves outside the American mainstream .
And reality .
Years ago , Peter worked as a highlyly paid IT consultant .
You know those guys who come into the office in Italian suits and take over the large conference room as their " office " for six weeks ?
Well , Peter was one of those guys .
But unlike the stereotype , he actually earned his hourly rate while applying his expert experience to several projects .
He also had the luxury of working with some very highly skilled ( and also highly paid ) professional colleagues .
However , times started to get tough and Peter was having a harder and harder time finding a position as a consultant .
Soon , he had to face facts — he'd have to explore other employment options , including getting a job as ... a regular developer .
Paradigm Shift
It 's not so much that Peter disliked the prospect of working as a salaried employee , but his choice to become a consultant stemmed from experiencing years of corporate - type WTFs .
For several years now , he had become used to working on small teams of " Elite Strike Force Systems Analysts " that were designed to be lean and mean , and get the job done at all costs under tight deadlines .
His was a world where the PHBs dare not tread , nor were they welcomed .
However , despite having to repress previous memories , Peter remained confident that he could find his niche .
But alas , his first day at his new regular job brought back to mind his painful past .
His cubicle was amidst a sea of eighty or so identical units , all with one or more developers huddled around a PC doing what appeared to be the same kind of development .
When Peter would ask fellow workers what they were working on , all but one replied " Oh , I 'm finishing up my web report for the new customer web portal , " and each web report they were responsible for seemed to be almost the same as the last one .
For example , there was the Major Customers by Geographic Location report and then the Geographic Locations of Major Customers report .
As for the guy that was n't working on reports , he was the roving security guard .
What was the group of eighty developers working on that could n't be done in a team of twenty ?
he thought , but reminded himself that he was still a newbie and could n't be expected to understand the subtle , yet deadly differences between to similarly named reports .
Logging Involves Trees , Right ?
Being that Peter was working at a bank — namely a Swiss bank — security was tight .
Peter was not allowed to do anything on his workstation except use MS Office , work with Visual Studio , and send / receive email .
For security purposes , IIS was not installed , meaning that code had to be compiled and tested on another server .
Oh well , Peter thought , it 's just ' their way ' of doing things .
No big deal , I 'll play along .
His first assignment was easy : develop the Key Customers by Geographic Locations report .
After a couple hours of writing some code , he spent another hour compiling and deploying his changes to the dev server so that he could run the report .
Drat , he said to himself , the grouping control is n't returning the correct selection ..
He loaded up his remote debugger and ran into another roadblock : his account did n't have remote debugging privileges .
Figuring that some network admin had forgotten to give him the right privileges , Peter asked a coworker for help .
" Remote debugging ? " his coworker said quizzically , " what 's that ?
Like putting Response - dot - Write statements in and stuff ? "
Peter explained that , by remote debugging , he actually meant hooking up a debugger to the dev server and remotely debugging the code .
" Oh yah , " he responded , " no , we do n't do anything like that here . "
Perplexed , Peter asked how exactly they manage to test and debug their code .
" Uhhh , " his coworker said in a condescending tone , " we look at it ! "
There must be some misunderstanding , Peter thought to himself , Sooner or later this situation will sort itself out !
In the mean time , he added in a handful of Trace statements to help " remote debug " his code .
Debug F.U.D .
After a few flustering days of trace - style debugging , Peter approached his manager about the issue .
" Obviously , " his boss responded , " debugging is switched off for security reasons .
We 're a bank , after all , and the last thing we'd want is a malicious user being able to compromise the bank 's security ! "
Peter agreed that security was important , but pleaded that there was little risk in allowing debugging on the dev server by developers .
And besides , writing trace statement after trace statement was tedious .
" Whoa , whoa , whoa , " Peter 's manager said while waving his arms , " you 're using TRACE statements !?
Oh no no , we do n't allow any debugging code or trace statements .
We 're a bank , after all , and the last thing we'd want is an end user gleaming sensitive system information from a debug message ! "
Peter admitted that yes , he had added a few trace statements .
This only led into a half - hour tirade about how " maverick " developers like him were " the kind of problem people " who invited hackers in .
After giving his security spiel , he concluded that he was glad that they had the chance to speak and requested that Peter rollback any changes that included the Trace statements .
Because you never know , the auditors could drop in anytime for one of their random inspections .
Not much longer after the incident with his manager , Peter decided that his time working as a cog in a great corporate wheel was n't for him , especially when being " coached " by an IT manager who for not following the company 's best practices .
As he packed his belongings , Peter felt a small twinge of guilt that his report task would be left incomplete , but the feeling passed as he realized that there were eighty other guys and gals in the room who " just knew " how the system worked and would be more than capable of implementing his report .
Alexis Baden - Mayer , Esq .
Organic Consumers Association
Friday , July 24 , 2009
Genetically modified foods are not safe .
The only reason they ’re in our food supply is because government bureaucrats with ties to industry suppressed or manipulated scientific research and deprived consumers of the information they need to make informed choices about whether or not to eat genetically modified foods .
Now , the Obama Administration is putting two notorious biotech bullies in charge of food safety !
Former Monsanto lobbyist Michael Taylor has been appointed as a senior adviser to the Food and Drug Administration Commissioner on food safety .
And , rBGH-using dairy farmer and Pennsylvania Agriculture Secretary Dennis Wolff is rumored to be President Obama ’s choice for Under - Secretary of Agriculture for Food Safety .
Wolfe spearheaded anti-consumer legislation in Pennsylvania that would have taken away the rights of consumers to know whether their milk and dairy products were contaminated with Monsanto ’s ( now Eli Lilly ’s ) genetically engineered Bovine Growth Hormone ( rBGH ) .
Please click here to send a message to President Obama , USDA Secretary Tom Vilsack , and Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius ( oversees FDA ) demanding Michael Taylor ’s resignation , and letting them know that you oppose Dennis Wolff ’s appointment .
About Michael Taylor
Michael Taylor is a lawyer who has spent the last few decades moving through the revolving door between the employ of GMO - seed giant Monsanto and the FDA and USDA .
Taylor is widely credited with ushering Monsanto ’s recombinant bovine growth hormone ( rBGH ) through the FDA regulatory process and into the milk supply — unlabeled .
A Government Accounting Office ( GAO ) investigated whether Taylor had a conflict of interest and or had engaged in ethical misconduct in the approval of rBGH .
The report ’s conclusion that there was no wrongdoing conflicted with the 30 pages of evidence that Vermont Congressman Bernie Sanders ( I - VT ) described as proof that “ the FDA allowed corporate influence to run rampant in its approval ” of the drug .
Taylor is also responsible for the FDA ’s decision to treat genetically modified organisms as “ substantially equivalent ” to natural foods and therefore not require any safety studies .
The “ substantially equivalent ” rule allowed the FDA to ignore evidence that genetically engineered foods , including soy , are in fact very different from natural foods and pose specific health risks .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
In November 2008 , Tom Philpott reported that Taylor was among President - Elect Obama ’s “ team members ” looking at energy and natural resources agencies , including USDA .
In March 2009 , President Obama announced the creation of a White House Food Safety Working Group to improve and coordinate the government ’s approach to the nationwide food safety crisis .
Agri-Pulse reported that Taylor was “ the leading candidate to staff the White House [ food safety ] working group . ”
While anti-GMO activists , including the Organic Consumers Association , protested — OCA members sent 13,435 letters to USDA Sec. Tom Vilsack , who co-chairs the Food Safety Working Group with HHS Sec. Sebelius — Taylor laid low .
He was nowhere to be found at the White House Food Safety Working Group ’s May 13th Listening Session .
But , the rumor proved true .
On July 7 , 2009 , the FDA announced that Taylor had joined the agency as senior adviser to the commissioner .
As Philpott describes in a July 8th article , Taylor ’s food safety agenda is to “ shift much more of the burden for funding food - safety operations to the state and local level ” and to promote HACCP ( Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Point ) systems where the points in a process that pose the most risk are identified and “ fixed ” with remedies like ammonia washes and irradiation .
Taylor ’s approach — putting a few bandaids on an industrialized food system gone wrong — is in direct conflict with organic practices and is likely to unduly burden small producers .
Taylor has long been hostile to real food safety .
While working as a lobbyist , Taylor authored more than a dozen articles critical of the Delaney Clause , a 1958 federal law prohibiting the introduction of known carcinogens into processed foods , which had long been opposed by Monsanto and other chemical and pesticide companies .
When Taylor rejoined the federal government , he continued advocating that Delaney should be overturned .
This was finally done when President Clinton signed the so - called Food Quality Protection
Act on the eve of the 1996 elections .
Taylor is featured in the documentary , The World According to Monsanto , which you can watch on OCA ’s Millions Against Monsanto page .
About Dennis Wolff
Dennis Wolff is the Secretary of Agriculture for the State of Pennsylvania .
Wolff also is a dairy farmer and owns Pen - Col Farms , a 600 - acre dairy cattle operation .
Wolff has championed agribusiness interests as Pennsylvania ’s Secretary of Agriculture , including banning local dairies from marketing their products as free of Monsanto ’s rBGH .
Wolff is a member of the Agriculture Technical Advisory Committee to the World Trade Organization ( WTO ) .
The WTO has been largely credited with forcing so - called “ free trade ” on farmers and consumers around the globe , undermining national sovereignty and food safety .
Finally , Wolff was a strong proponent of the “ ACRE ” initiative ( Agriculture , Communities and Rural Environment ) , which gives the Pennsylvania state attorney general ’s office the authority to sue municipalities over local farm ordinances deemed to exceed state law , depriving communities the right to ban toxic sewage sludge , factory farms , and GMOs .
Aside from having absolutely no experience in meat inspection , the chief food safety responsibility of the USDA , Dennis Wolff should be rejected for any post within the Obama Administration for the hostile position he has taken , as Pennsylvania ’s Agriculture Secretary , against consumers ’ right to know what is in our food .
According to the Oregon Physicians for Social Responsibility , Wolff :
* Tried to ban all labeling of dairy products that did n’t use genetically engineered growth hormone ( rBGH or rBST ) .
This was an outright violation of freedom of speech of the dairy processors and the farmers who supplied them .
* Said that consumers were “ concerned or confused ” about the labeling and said his department received “ many calls ” about it .
Yet when a New York Times reporter asked him about this , Wolff could n’t provide any surveys showing consumers were confused and could not come up with the name of ONE CONSUMER who had complained .
* Held one meeting of the so - called Food Labeling Advisory Committee and said they recommended the labeling ban .
Yet the committee never voted on anything and never made any recommendations specific to dairy .
Moreover , the group most affected by the rules and most opposed to them , the PA Association of Milk Dealers , was never even invited to the meeting .
This article was posted : Friday , July 24 , 2009 at 11:27 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
A standard test of a country ’s well - being is whether people want in or out .
Whether you have an immigration issue or an emigration issue is telling .
For example , people wanted out of East Germany and wanted into West Germany .
People wanted out of Russia and into Estonia .
People once wanted out of China , whereas now they want in .
These demographic flows tell more about a country and its economic prospects than all the political speeches combined .
People vote with their feet .
Data from Mexico is extremely telling in this regard .
There has been a massive plummeting in immigration from Mexico to the United States within the last year .
A quarter of a million people who would otherwise have come to the U.S. for work have decided to stay away .
This is not due to enforcement .
Enforcement is mostly eyewash anyway , and only gives an excuse for the federal government to spy on American business .
What ’s made the difference is the recession .
The jobs are n’t available .
The prospects for new immigrants are not what they used to be .
The land of the free has become the land of a shrinking economy due to the despotic arm of the U.S. state .
It seems that Mexicans are not so anxious to live in the great Obama utopia of debt , inflation , nationalization , bailouts , and regimentation .
Now , a person might say , well , there ’s a silver lining in every recession and this is one .
But listen : economic opportunities are universal .
If you feel them and sense them , so do others outside the border and they want to be part of it .
If they do n’t feel them and sense them , maybe it is time to wake up and realize that they do n’t exist as they used to .
Time was when shelters just across the border , where people lived until they saw an opportunity for safe passage , were filled and overflowing .
Now they are empty .
Time was when the Border Patrol vans and buses hauled people here and there , whereas now they just drive around in day trips looking for some sign of life .
To have an “ immigration problem ” is enormously flattering for a country .
For that problem to go away is a dark cloud , a bad omen , a sign that something is going terribly wrong .
The absence of an immigration problem can quickly turn into an emigration problem .
What jobs were once available that are no longer there ?
In housing for one .
Mark Thornton pointed out that the housing bubble was a massive subsidy for immigration , since it was the immigrants who put up the drywall , painted the houses , and landscaped the yards .
In this sector , what we might be seeing is a return to the status quo ante .
But housing is not an isolated sector .
It is connected to other sectors such as retail and agriculture that are currently in a state of bust .
Indeed , it is highly likely that the bust is going to be disproportionately large as compared to the boom , in which case the refusal to bother to immigrate is a sign of a more fundamental shift in American economic life .
We could be entering a period of prolonged economic stagnation , thanks not to some long wave or mysterious change of history , but as a direct result of Washington , DC ’s egregious management of public policy .
At the same time , the war on terror combined with nationalist hysteria has succeeded in dramatically limiting the ability of banks and technology firms to hire people from abroad to do the kind of work that is so desperately in demand these days .
Higher skilled employees are harder and harder to come by , given the rotten American educational system .
Leave it to the federal government to make it more difficult to find labor when it is needed most .
A little noticed provision of the February 2009 stimulus package actually punishes firms that use the provisions in immigration law that allow the hiring of foreign workers .
All of this combines to erect ever more barriers to prosperity .
By way of review , the main sources of prosperity are two : capital investment and increases in the division of labor .
When the prospects for investment fall , it becomes ever more important to widen the cooperative efforts among all peoples to exchange .
A fall in the division of labor , which is implied by a fall in immigration , can have dramatically bad economic effects .
For example , it means that all of us have to do more of what we do n’t do well and less of what we are good at .
Instead of hiring , we do the job ourselves , which means that we do n’t choose our highest valued uses of time .
If you reduce the division of labor back enough , you land in a hunter / gatherer society where no civilization exists .
Every step away from the extended division of labor makes us poorer and brings us closer to de-civilization .
Prosperity is associated with the widest possible division of labor .
This is what leads to innovation too .
It is not a surprise that 15 % of the venture - backed companies that are high on the list of innovators were founded by foreign - born entrepreneurs .
These are companies that benefit everyone .
Meanwhile , we will soon be dealing with an added issue of a growing brain drain .
I personally know many brilliant people who have left the country or are seriously considering doing so , looking around the world for a home with economic opportunity and where the looters are n’t running public policy .
Emigration out of the United States has been growing every year since 1991 , from 252,000 in 1991 to 311,000 in 2005 .
I could n’t find data past that point , but can there be any doubt where we are heading with this ?
Low - skilled employees want nothing to do with us .
High - skilled employees are not allowed in .
Enterprise is being killed at every turn .
It wo n’t be long now before larger and larger numbers of people vote with their feet .
A final insult is how US tax law treats its emigrants from this country .
It continues to tax them as if they are lifetime slaves .
Wherever you go , the force is with you .
The heck of it is that all of this could be turned around today .
It only takes political will to let freedom reign , and a social consensus against tyranny to form and strengthen .
Books by Lew Rockwell
Lew Rockwell Archives
The Best of Llewellyn H. Rockwell , Jr.
Microsoft is hoping to set the stage for E3 by hosting the first press conference of the show , and while the company kept the majority of its presentation dedicated to games , it 's clear that Microsoft wants to turn your 360 into a full - fledged entertainment hub .
Last.fm is coming to your console , free with your Gold Xbox Live Subscription .
The console 's video service is being relaunched as Zune Video , and it will feature 1080 p content that you do n't have to load — you just choose your video and watch .
Facebook is coming to the service , with integration for your Xbox Live avatar and even some games , such as the upcoming Tiger Woods .
Twitter is also heading to Xbox Live .
The motion - sensing camera , called Natal , is real , and Microsoft showed off how it is used to control the UI for the system , explaining that now anyone can play a game .
Welcome to the social .
The motion - camera , which in fact does look functionally identical to the 3DV demo we previously wrote about , allows you to control games , try on virtual clothes using your own image , and even use hand - motions to buzz in while playing game shows .
Voice commands ?
They 'll be in there .
Microsoft brought Steven Spielberg onto the stage to demo the technology , and his avatar moved in real time as he controled the UI .
While many called this technology a gimmick before E3 , everyone seems completely impressed by what 's being shown here today .
This is n't waving your hands around like the Wii , this is a very immersive technology tied to a very powerful console .
The game demos look promising , including the ability to simply paint on a virtual canvas with your hands and voice commands .
The sense of play is very Nintendo , and that 's a high compliment for Microsoft .
In a slightly creepy twist , you 'll no longer have to sign into your Live account ; the system will know who is playing it by your face .
Peter Molyneux showed off a game called Milo , where an animated character talks to you and you can talk back .
Water shows your own reflection .
You can draw a picture and show it to the television , " giving it " to a character who then interacts with the image .
The level of interaction looks amazing .
The show also hyped a number of games , including The Beatles : Rock Band , which confirmed three - part harmonies and the ability to download entire albums as DLC .
The songs " I Saw Her Standing There , " " I Wanna Hold Your Hand , " " I Feel Fine , " " Day Tripper , " " Tax Man , " " I am the Walrus , " " Back in the USSR , " " Octopus 's Garden , " " Here Comes the Sun , " and " Get Back " are all confirmed .
In a heart - warming twist , " All You Need is Love " will only be available via Xbox Live , and the proceeds from the song 's sales will go to Doctors without Borders .
All the hate from Sony fans will go directly to the comments .
Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr of course made a quick appearance , collected their paychecks , waved , and away they went .
The star factor at this event is amazingly high .
Next up ?
Tony Hawk ... well , hawked the new Tony Hawk : Ride , saying that it 's going to feel just like riding a real skateboard ; something that is sure to enrage the " why do n't you just play a real guitar " set that 's so vocal online .
Until we have a chance to play for ourselves — and that 's coming — it 's easy to be skeptical about the board hardware that will come with the game .
Modern Warfare 2 of course looks great and intense , as does Final Fantasy XIII , but that has as much to do with the sound system and theater as it does the games .
We do know two maps for Modern Warfare 2 will hit Xbox Live first , as it seems like Microsoft getting the checkbook out was a theme of today 's briefing .
Shadow Complex , an action / exploration title from Epic that 's reminiscent of Metroid and Castlevania , was also shown , as was a cartoony racer called JoyRide .
After that , the crowd finally got what it had been waiting for : the first details of Crackdown 2 .
Dead Rising 2 is exclusive to Xbox 360 and PC .
Left 4 Dead 2 is likewise coming to Xbox 360 and PC .
Splinter Cell Conviction ?
Yeah , that 's exclusive to the 360 , and it looks like it will feature some terrifically brutal context - sensitive kills .
Forza 3 is coming in October , and if nothing else it looks like a car title that you 'll want to play from the cockpit view ; it 's a stunning - looking game .
Turn 10 makes some bold claims , as they talk about wanting to " win " the racing genre .
They 're clearly gunning for Gran Turismo 5 with this presentation , and the team unveiled an impressive high - definition video editor to show off your exploits on Xbox Live .
This was also the first time that footage from Halo : ODST had been shown , and it looks like the story will be told through the eyes of multiple soldiers , which seems like a smart bet .
You 'll be able to play the standalone expansion on September 22 .
That 's not the end of Halo , as Halo Reach is coming in fall 2010 .
Of course , if you buy ODST you 'll get an invite to the Halo Reach beta .
Alan Wake was shown in detail , and it looks absolutely amazing , with a heavy emphasis on using light to stay safe in the game .
While sequels and more Halo may be exciting , this is what people came here for : to be turned - on by something that feels new .
The game is coming in spring 2010 , and is also exclusive to the Xbox 360 .
While not an exclusive , Hideo Kojima revealed that Metal Gear Solid Rising is coming to the Xbox 360 .
This is Microsoft chipping away at the empire that was Sony , bringing yet another title that used to be known only on PlayStation platforms to the Xbox .
The conclusion ?
Microsoft has set the bar amazingly high for everyone else .
Natal looks incredible , although it will take some real - world experience before we can completely believe the claims made by the presentation .
The number of exclusives and well - loved properties is likewise impressive , although gamers are already voicing their anger at a sequel to Left 4 Dead being released so soon after the first game .
In one swoop , however , Microsoft has revealed exciting exclusives , hyped games with exclusive or timed content on its system , given Xbox Live new life , and has perhaps even put the Wii on the technological defensive .
That 's from a stage show , however , and the question remains : how much of this will feel this real — and this good — once we get our hands on it ?
right - wing columnist David Brooks wo n't tell which Republican senator fondled him under a table .
Presumably they 'll try to blame it on -Senator Larry Craig , in order to protect current Republican Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , who insiders claim is the actual groper .
Many years ago , McConnell was kicked out of the military -- after just a few days -- for inappropriately touching a private 's privates .
He 's been very successful at covering that up for decades although Inside the Beltway it 's well known that McConnell is an active closet queen with a make believe marriage similar to Craig's .
Right wing propagandist Ann Althouse , of course , blames the victim .
Her readers are betting on Lindsey Graham .
Now Graham is the other high profile hypocritical right - wing closet queen and he likes being billed as a " life - long committed bachelor . "
Although it is n't just Althouse 's readers who are speculating that he was the one responsible for Brooks ' dirty grab , folks who actually know Graham also know he is a prissy little queen from South Carolina , and in a committed relationship with a young man ; hegrope strangers under tables .
He may not be in the closet but Bruno is a gay Republican groper too .
And he had a really good weekend .
In fact the $ 14.2 million Bruno took in over the weekend was more than Grassley , McCain , McConnell , Lincoln , DeMint , Kyl , and Ben Nelson all got in bribes -- combined -- this quarter from the Medical - Industrial Complex to deep six Obama 's health care reform plans .
Labels : David Brooks , gay Republicans , Mitch McConnell , Republican hypocrisy
Wookey Hole is currently witchless A job centre is advertising a " witch " vacancy with tourist site Wookey Hole , in Somerset , for £ 50,000 a year .
The witch , who has to live in the site 's caves , is expected to teach witchcraft and magic .
Wookey
Hole staff say the role is straightforward : live in the cave , be a witch and do the things witches do .
The advert for the post , placed in the local press as well as job centres , says applicants must be able to cackle and cannot be allergic to cats .
The job has come up after the previous witch retired from the role .
" We are witchless at the moment so need to get the role filled as soon as possible , " said Daniel Medley from the tourist destination .
' Key career move ' " Wookey Hole wants the appointee to go about her everyday business as a hag , so that people passing through the caves can get a sense of what the place was like in the Dark Ages .
" This was when an old woman lived in the caves with some goats and a dog , causing a variety of social ills , including crop failures and disease . "
The £ 50,000 - a - year salary is pro rata , and based on work done as needed , largely in the summer holidays , but also at Halloween and at Christmas .
" Wookey Hole is advertising nationally and hopes to attract a strong field of candidates with the £ 50,000 serving as a major incentive , " said the site .
It said ambitious witches looking for a " key career move " should arrive dressed for work armed with any " essential witch accoutrements " .
Due to sexual discrimination law , the job cannot demand that the post is filled by a woman .
Under sexual discrimination law , unless Wookey Hole can provide " documentary proof that the original witch was female it can't issue a gender - specific job description " .
Interviews , which will involve on - site assessment incorporating a range of standard tasks , will take place on 28 July at 1100 , stipulates the advert .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Grand jury cites S.F. pension system abuse San Francisco Grand jury questions police , fire department practices
San Francisco 's skyrocketing pension costs are untenable and both unions and politicians are to blame for abusing the system by negotiating extraordinary pension and retirement benefits without considering the unfair burden on future generations , according to a report issued Thursday .
City officials acknowledged that San Francisco has some challenges .
But Supervisor Sean Elsbernd , who has worked extensively on the issue , said the civil grand jury report grossly overstates the city 's risk .
He noted that voters , not politicians , have the ultimate say on the approval of retirement benefits .
And because of that , he said , San Francisco is in a far better place than comparable cities and counties , as well as the state of California , over the long term .
The document specifically targets San Francisco 's police officers and firefighters for essentially gaming the system through " spiking " - the practice of artificially inflating retirement benefits by increasing their compensation just before retiring , often through temporary promotions .
The jury calls the practice " institutionalized and ongoing " in public safety agencies and estimates it cost the city and other employees at least $ 132 million over a 10 - year period ending in 2008 .
The report said more than half of police and firefighters who have retired since 1998 receive a pension worth more than their highest pay .
Grand Jury member Craig Weber , an accountant , said the city should conduct an independent investigation into spiking and a review of pension benefits at both agencies .
But he said the practice is more pronounced at the Fire Department , and credited Police Chief Heather Fong for bringing it under control .
Civil service tests
Firefighters union president John Hanley flatly rejected the jury 's findings , saying spiking does not occur in San Francisco because promotions are based on civil service tests .
" People get promoted in their last few years because they become smarter and more experienced later in their careers so they do better on tests , " he said .
" This is much ado about nothing . "
Elsbernd , however , said spiking needs to be addressed , but noted that with more than 50,000 beneficiaries , " a handful of spiking employees is not going to bring down the system . "
" Frankly it 's a low - hanging fruit that the grand jury is picking on .
...
What we do need to deal with is retiree health care costs , " he said .
Elsbernd said Proposition B , which creates a health care trust fund and was passed by voters last year , will make a huge difference funding those costs over the next two decades .
And in a statement , Mayor Gavin Newsom 's office said he is " very concerned " about the city 's obligations to its employees and plans to convene " a group of experts to advise him on meaningful pension reform and develop a strategy . "
As prior city reports have found , the grand jury determined that the city 's pension contribution will probably increase by nearly 300 percent - from $ 178 million a year to $ 520 million - over the next three years .
The increase is compounded , according to the report , by the fact that 40 percent of the city 's employees are now eligible for retirement and another 15 percent will become eligible over the next five years .
Risk to city
If a dramatic increase in the retirement rate occurs , the report said , it would pose a huge risk to the city 's cash flow and funding .
Already , about half of the city 's pension payroll is paid to people who retired in the last decade , the report found .
Elsbernd said San Francisco does have short term challenges over the next few years that could impact other city spending .
But over the long term , he said , the picture is far more positive .
Part of the problem , the grand jury members and Elsbernd agreed , is that the city 's investment portfolio has sharply declined in value over the past year - 20 percent , according to estimates .
But even without the stock market dip , the city has been greatly overstretching itself , the report says .
The jury also disputed the argument that public employees should be eligible for more generous benefits because their pay is low compared to the private sector , noting that recent city surveys found San Francisco workers in nearly all jobs paid more in both wages and salaries than other government workers and most private employees .
آيت‌الله علی خامنه‌ای، رهبر جمهوری اسلامی، در سخنانی به مناسبت بعثت پيامبر اسلام به کسانی که آنها را « نخبگان و بزرگان جامعه » خواند هشدار داد که « بايد مراق ب گفتار و مواضع و حتی نگفتن‌های خود باشند » .آيت‌الله خامنه‌ای افزود : هر فردی با هر عنوان و موقعيتی اگر بخواهد جامعه را به سمت ناامن ی سوق دهد از نظر عموم ملت ايران انسان منفوری است.
به گزارش خبرگزاری رسمی جمهوری اسلامی، ایرنا، علی خامنه‌ای گفت : « نگفتن مسائلی که بايد گفت عمل نکردن به وظيفه است و گفتن مسائلی که نبايد گفت عمل کردن برخلاف وظيفه است. » آيت‌الله خامنه‌ای منتقدان خود را به برهم زدن امنيت کشور متهم کرد و گفت : « بزرگ‌ترين گناه برهم زدن امنيت است .
»او افزود : « نخبگان مراقب باشند، زيرا در امتحانِ ِعظيمی قرار گرفته‌اند و موفق نشدن در اين امتحان تنها مردود شدن نيست، بلکه موجب سقوط آنها خواهد شد . »سخنان رهبر جمهوری اسلامی در حالی بيان می‌شود که اکبر هاشمی رفسنجانی، رئيس مجلس خبرگان رهبری و رئيس مجمع تشخيص مصلح ت
نظام، در نماز جمعه گذشته که ميرحسين موسوی و مهدی کروب ی
نيز در آن حضور داشتند بدون تاييد نتيجه انتخابات رياست جمهوری اخير گفت که بخش بزرگ ی از مردم ايران درباره آن ترديد دارند و بايد اعتماد از دست رفته را بازگرداند .آقای رفسنجانی همچنين خواستار آزادی رهبران بازداشت‌شده اصلاح‌طلبان و زندانيان سياسی اخير و دلجويی از خانواده‌های داغدار و آسيب ‌ديده شده بود .علی خامنه‌ای بار ديگر قدرت‌های خارجی را متهم به مداخله در امور داخلی ايران کرد و گفت : « در حالي که دخالت دشمنان، به‌ويژه نقش رسانه‌های آنها کاملاً آشکار است، ادعای عدم مداخله آنها در امور ايران نشان‌دهنده بی‌حيای ی است. » وی دو هفته پيش نيز در ديداری که با جمع ی از مردم داشت به « برخی دولت‌های غربی » ش ديدا اخطار کرد که « مراق ب رفتار خصمانه خود باشند، زيرا ملت ايران عکس‌العم ل
نشان خواهد داد. » اشاره رهبر جمهوری اسلامی به واکنش اغلب کشورهای غربی به‌ويژه ايالات متحده و اتحاديه اروپا به اعتراض مردم ايران به نتيجه انتخابا ت رياست جمهوری است که محمود احمدی‌نژاد از سوی وزارت کشور دولت خود و شورای نگهبان و با تاييد آقای خامنه‌ای پيروز آن اعلام شد.رهبر جمهوری اسلامی ایران با اعلام این که باید بین « اغتشاش‌گران » و مردم تفاوت قائل بود گفت : « البته رسانه‌های استکباری به منظور حمايت از اغتشاش‌گران آنها را مردم می‌نامند . » اين در حالی است که از زمان آغاز اعتراضات مردم ايران تنها کسانی که در ايران از اغتشاش‌گری حرف زده و معترضان و حاضران در راه‌پيمايی‌های آرام مردم را « اغتشاش‌گر » خوانده‌اند مقامات حامی دولت محمود احمدی‌نژاد بوده‌اند.احمد خاتمی، امام جمعه موقت تهران ، از جمله اين افراد است که دو هفته پس از آغاز ناآرامی‌ها، در نماز جمعه از قوه قضائيه خواست که « با سران اغتشاش که سر در آخور آمريکا و اسرائيل دارند قاطعانه و بی‌رحمانه برخورد کند » و تا آنجا پيش رفت که قتل ندا آقاسلطان در يکی از راه‌پيمايی‌ها در خيابان اميرآباد تهران را « کار خود اغتشاش‌گران » دانست .
This is Malaz Boustani , M.D. of the Regenstrief Institute , the Indiana University School of Medicine and the Indiana University Center for Aging Research .
Credit : Regenstrief Institute
Many drugs commonly prescribed to older adults for a variety of common medical conditions including allergies , hypertension , asthma , and cardiovascular disease appear to negatively affect the aging brain causing immediate but possibly reversible cognitive impairment , including delirium , in older adults according to a clinical review now available online in the Journal of Clinical Interventions in Aging , a peer reviewed , open access publication .
Drugs , such as diphenhydramine , which have an anticholinergic effect , are important medical therapies available by prescription and also are sold over the counter under various brand names such as Benadryl® , Dramamine® , Excederin PM® , Nytol® , Sominex® , Tylenol PM® , and Unisom® .
Older adults most commonly use drugs with anticholinergic effects as sleep aids .
While it is known that these medications do have an effect on the brain and in the case of sleeping pills , are prescribed to act on the brain , the study authors suggest the amount of cognitive impairment caused by the drugs in older adults is not well recognized .
" The public , physicians , and even the Food and Drug Administration , need to be made aware of the role of these common medications , and others with anticholinergic effects , in causing cognitive impairment .
Patients should write down and tell their doctor which over - the - counter drugs they are taking .
Doctors , who often think of these medications simply as antihistamines , antidepressants , antihypertensives , sleep aids or even itching remedies , need to recognize their systemic anticholinergic properties and the fact that they appear to impact brain health negatively .
Doing so , and prescribing alternative medications , should improve both the health and quality of life of older adults , " said senior study author Malaz Boustani , M.D. , Indiana University School of Medicine associate professor of medicine , Regenstrief Institute investigator , and research scientist with the IU Center for Aging Research .
Dr. Boustani and colleagues conducted a systematic evidence - based analysis of 27 peer reviewed studies of the relationship of anticholinergic effect and brain function as well as investigating anecdotal information .
They found a strong link between anticholinergic effect and cognitive impairment in older adults .
" One of the goals of our work is to encourage the Food and Drug Administration to expand its safety evaluation process from looking only at the heart , kidney and liver effects of these drugs to include effects of a drug on the most precious organ in human beings , our brain , " Dr. Boustani said .
" Many medications used for several common disease states have anticholinergic effects that are often unrecognized by prescribers " said Wishard Health Services pharmacist , Noll Campbell , Pharm .D. , first author of the study , noting that these drugs are among the most frequently purchased over the counter products .
" In fact , 50 percent of the older adult population use a medication with some degree of anticholinergic effect each day . "
" Our main message is that older adults and their physicians should have conversations about the benefits and harms of these drugs in relation to brain health .
As the number of older adults suffering from both cognitive impairment and multiple chronic conditions increases , it is very important to recognize the negative impact of certain medications on the aging brain , " said Dr. Boustani .
The brain pharmacoepidemiology group of the IU Center for Aging Research currently is conducting a study of 4,000 older adults to determine if the long term use of medications with anticholinergic effects is linked to the irreversible development of cognitive impairment such as Alzheimer disease .
Source : Indiana University ( news : web )
Explore further Cognitive impairment link found in older adults taking popular stomach acid medications
Form follows function
In : Columns > Keep It Simple
By Peter - Paul Koch
Although I ’m not a designer myself , I ’ve slowly grown to understand them , not only because of my frequent cooperation with Web designers , but also because I was introduced to industrial design and related topics at an early age .
I never created anything , but I learned to think critically about design .
The basic rule for any design is “ Form follows function . ”
If an object has to perform a certain function , its design must support that function to the fullest extent possible .
This goes for industrial design and even more for Web design .
Because some designers do n’t understand the function of a Web site , they make wrong decisions about its form .
More than once I ’ve encountered “ creative ” people whose Web work was mediocre at best and who showed a blatant disregard for the Web as a medium .
They were Designers with a capital D . They knew it all .
Art
The most curious example of this was the artist who ’d finished Rietveld Academy and was looking for an internship at the company where I worked .
When I asked what her ambitions were , she explained that her extreme creativity made her excellently suited for talking to clients about the creative possibilities for their Web sites .
I gently suggested she should acquire some experience first , but she was very certain she could do it right away .
Her Web site was shockingly bad .
The only signs of creativity were the GIF animations of the hind parts of a running tiger , which turned out to be the main navigation .
Since that encounter , I avoid people who say they are “ very creative ” and I distrust artists somewhat .
There is a huge difference between a successful artist and a successful Web designer .
As an artist , you create something that appeals to yourself and a select ( and paying ) audience .
As a Web designer you create something that must appeal to the target audience of your client .
This appealing to an audience twice removed is not something the average artist can do ( or needs to do ) .
Sure , an artist can become a good Web designer , but only by learning the tools of an entirely new trade .
Print
In the early years , Web design was heavily influenced by / files / includes / print.css design .
Although / files / includes / print.css designers are perfectly capable of appealing to the target audience of their clients , I found that some have serious problems with understanding the function of a Web site .
When I started as a client - side programmer , I was vaguely disturbed when ordered to make images of body text of a page “ because browsers do n’t support this font . ”
I wondered if that was really the best way to make Web sites .
Later , I understood that these designers were n’t thinking fluidly , that they did not understand the medium at all .
Their first priorities were fonts and colors instead of content and interaction .
It took a few years for everyone to realize that Web design is different from / files / includes / print.css design , and now is the time to start finding out how Web design differs from / files / includes / print.css design .
On thing is certain : form will follow function .
Web
Even when you ’re in the proper mindset for fluid thinking ( within the context of the Web as a new medium ) , it is n’t always easy .
Take the first DHTML script I ever wrote for a commercial site .
The site had a simple navigation at the top .
The designer and I decided that when the user clicked on a link , a leaf would slowly move to a position above that link .
He made the leaf , I made it move .
But form did not follow function .
Function called for a main navigation at the top of the site , and maybe form could follow by adding a marker that showed which page the user was currently viewing .
The slow moving of this marker , though , was completely pointless .
Why did I write this DHTML script ?
Because I wanted to write a DHTML script , of course .
That ’s not a very good reason , and I even knew it at that time but did it anyway .
Misunderstanding the function of a Web site is n’t restricted to designers alone .
Techies can have the same problem .
Form follows function
The examples above illustrate that form should follow function .
If the form of a Web site becomes a goal in itself , instead of a means to an end , the Web site will not work .
If you ever encounter a designer who puts the satisfaction of his own creativity above creating a working Web site , you can be sure he does n’t understand the Web .
In itself , this is not a problem because you ’re there to advise him .
You should try to make him pay attention to the Web as a different medium , where content and interaction are far more important than pure form .
Fortunately , most designers want to learn .
When I started on my last job , the art director immediately informed me that he knew little of Web site design and was willing to listen to my suggestions .
His professional attitude made him easy to work with .
Other designers are harder to convince .
Most likely , a difficult designer is afraid of the Web .
He does n’t quite see the possibilities and restrictions of the medium and is afraid to ask because he ’s supposed to be a professional designer who knows it all .
In that case , you should try to explain the medium clearly while acknowledging his feelings of fear and distrust .
If this fails , give it up as a bad job .
Finish the current project as soon as possible and avoid that particular designer in the future .
Fortunately , this problem is on the way out .
The continuing professionalization of the Web site industry will convert / files / includes / print.css and other designers to Web designers and will weed out the few obstinate ones who refuse to understand the medium .
Related Topics : Web Design , Usability
Exactly 64 years ago today , a U.S. Army B - 25 bomber crashed into the Empire State Building between the 78th and 79th floors ( remember this image ? ) .
NYC Aviation looks back at the incident , saying " an engine plunges down an elevator shaft , sparking a fire in the basement .
Eleven people in the building are killed , in addition to the three man bomber crew .
Elevator operator Betty Lou Oliver survived a plunge of 75 stories inside an elevator , which still stands as the Guinness World Record for the longest survived elevator fall recorded . "
The ESB notes that the pilot and two other passengers were killed , as well eleven people in the Catholic War Relief office .
The plane was being flown in dense fog by Lt. Col. William F. Smith Jr. , who was trying to make his way to Newark that morning .
The site wonders if he " mistook the East River for the Hudson and began his descent to Newark too soon ... the plane had descended to around 500 feet and was on a collision course with the 850 foot RCA Building ( known today as the GE Building ) at 30 Rockefeller Center .
A last moment turn averted disaster , alas temporarily .
Flying south at 225 mph , they were only seconds away from the Empire State Building . "
Naturally , many below first thought the Japanese had launched a Kamikaze attack in New York .
Here 's a report from 1945 :
Would n't it be great if the news networks brought this dramatic background music to their broadcasts ?
DETROIT ( Reuters ) - General Motors Corp said it burned through $ 10.2 billion in the first quarter as it relied on a federal bailout to ride out a sharp decline in global sales that overwhelmed its cost - cutting efforts .
Revenue dropped by almost half to $ 22.4 billion as the company cut production by about 900,000 vehicles and worked to run down costly inventories in the United States and Europe .
The results showed the extreme pressure on GM with just four weeks remaining for the embattled automaker to win deals to slash debt and operating costs with its major union and bondholders to avoid bankruptcy .
“ Results were awful , as expected , however , GM ’s cash burn was even worse than we were expecting , ” Kip Penniman of KDP Investment Advisors said in a note for clients .
Chief Financial Officer Ray
Young said there was evidence consumers were scared away from GM cars and trucks because of concern the automaker was headed for bankruptcy .
GM cut $ 3.1 billion in operating costs in the first quarter , including just over $ 1 billion in North America , but the latest push in a four - year campaign to cut costs failed to keep pace with the plunge in sales .
“ You could not offset the revenue implosion that we experienced here , ” Young told reporters following release of the quarterly results on Thursday .
GM ’s North American operations , where it plans to cut 21,000 factory jobs and close and close more than 2,600 dealerships , posted a loss before interest cost and taxes of $ 2.5 billion .
European operations , which Italy ’s Fiat SpA has proposed taking over , posted a loss on the same basis of $ 1.2 billion as vehicle sales in the region dropped 29 percent .
GM still hopes to complete a debt restructuring out of court but is readying plans for what it expects would be a quick bankruptcy if that proves necessary , Young said .
He said GM expects to draw on the experience of Chrysler LLC , which filed for bankruptcy last week under the supervision of the Obama administration .
“ We are very , very cognizant of this issue of revenue perishability and how consumers react to the threat of bankruptcy , ” Young said .
Young said GM would make a decision at the end of this month on whether an offer to extinguish $ 24 billion in bond debt in exchange for new shares had garnered enough support for the company to avoid a bankruptcy filing .
GM ’s global market share fell to 11.2 percent in the first quarter , down from 12.4 percent a year earlier .
DEADLINE LOOMS
GM posted a first - quarter net loss of $ 6 billion , compared with a loss of $ 3.3 billion a year earlier .
The company has lost $ 88 billion since its turnaround efforts began in 2005 under former Chief Executive Rick Wagoner .
The losses are expected to mount in the current quarter when GM shuts down U.S. manufacturing plants for up to nine weeks in an effort to run down inventory and lessen its exposure to bankrupt former subsidiary Delphi Corp .
Pontiac G8 sedans sit on a lot for sale at a General Motors auto dealership in Nanuet , New York , April 27 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Mike Segar
GM is negotiating with Delphi ’s bankruptcy lenders and the U.S. government to try to find a way to allow the parts supplier to emerge from bankruptcy after more than three - and - a - half years .
“ We would like to have a resolution of Delphi as soon as possible , ” Young told analysts and reporters .
GM is facing a government - imposed June 1 deadline to reach agreements to overhaul its operations and cut more than $ 40 billion in debt .
It has taken $ 15.4 billion in emergency loans from the U.S. Treasury and expects that to rise to $ 18 billion by the end of the month .
The first quarter was marked by GM ’s failure to win backing for a turnaround plan that the U.S. autos task force concluded was too slow - moving to succeed .
The Obama administration ousted Wagoner as GM chief executive at the end of the quarter .
Creditors have been looking beyond GM ’s results , focusing instead on whether it succeeds in winning debt concessions from its bondholders and the United Auto Workers union .
The automaker said on Thursday that it had not yet reached the deal it needs with the UAW .
It also said the Treasury had not yet agreed to convert half of the loans it has extended to GM into stock in a restructured company , as the automaker has proposed .
Young said GM was back in talks with union representatives and ready to negotiate around the clock to reach a settlement .
The UAW faces pressure to accept GM stock in exchange for about $ 10 billion the union is owed for a trust fund for retiree healthcare .
That would give the union a 39 percent stake in the restructured company .
Under the restructuring plan GM detailed last month , the government would own a majority stake , effectively nationalizing the 100 - year - old Detroit - based automaker .
GM shares were down 7 cents or 4.2 percent at $ 1.59 around midday on the New York Stock Exchange .
The company ’s pending plan to issue new shares to pay off creditors would dilute the value of the share to less than 2 cents .
BEIJING ( Reuters ) - Twenty years after China ’s pro-democracy crackdown , dissidents contend with a Communist Party that has in many ways strengthened its hold on power , defying their hopes it would crumble along with the Soviet bloc .
That has forced dissidents to rethink their tactics after their goal of democratic reform was dashed when the Party ordered tanks and troops to quell huge protests centered on Tiananmen Square in Beijing on June 4 , 1989 , killing hundreds .
For Li Baiguang , spending 37 days in a foul Chinese prison cell in 2004 was enough to convince him the Party would not collapse .
Li , now a human rights lawyer living in Beijing , was detained for helping farmers try to oust local officials they accused of corrupt land grabs , ending up in a police cell packed with dozens of men accused of robbery , rape or graft .
Watching cowering prisoners beaten blue by guards was one of the bruising encounters that underlined the intention of the ruling Party to crush any challengers , he said .
“ We thought that after 1989 the Party would immediately collapse , ” said Li , 40 , who plunged into student protests in his home province of Hunan and in Beijing 20 years ago .
“ But we underestimated the Party ’s strength and control .
Those who went through 1989 wo n’t forget it , but we ’ve realized the road to those goals is much more tortuous and distant than it seemed . ”
Instead of being tossed from power like their ideological brethren in the former Soviet bloc , as many critics predicted , China ’s Communists launched market reforms and honed new ways to counter discontent , said Teresa Wright , a political scientist at California State University , Long Beach .
“ To shift the balance in favor of the dissidents now , something would have to change fundamentally , such as an economic crisis or a split in the upper echelons of the Party , ” said Wright , whose forthcoming study , Accepting Authoritarianism , examines the Chinese government ’s success in maintaining authority .
“ There are no signs of either , ” she added .
Against this wall of one - Party power , some dissidents have found hope in religion ; others have turned to environmental causes ; others , including Li , have forsaken outright political confrontation in favor of skirmishes over grassroots discontent .
“ We intellectuals have had to find less direct ways of making reformist demands , ” said Zhang Boshu , a philosopher in Beijing who has campaigned for political liberalization since 1989 .
“ More and more citizens are aware of their rights .
But in the short - and medium - term we ca n’t expect the Party ’s power to give way ...
This is a long journey . ”
The Party ’s grip seemed far less certain to many at the feverish peak of the 1989 protests , when tens of thousands of students and residents clogged Beijing streets chanting for an end to official corruption and privileges .
With political liberalization galvanizing the Communist world , Beijing seemed ripe for change if reformers won out .
But the reform - leaning Party chief Zhao Ziyang was purged after June 4 .
Instead of political liberalization , Party patriarch Deng Xiaoping from the early 1990s offered roaring economic growth that gave growing numbers of people a stake in prosperity , and also swelled state coffers , allowing more cash for both professors and security police .
“ It ’s important not to overplay the role of fear in ensuring the Communist Party ’s power , ” said Wright .
“ The regime has often been able to portray itself as benevolent and well - intentioned , and to displace grievances to the local level . ”
FROM THE SQUARE TO THE VILLAGES
In the past decade , many rights activists have turned their attention to those grassroots grievances .
China ’s marriage of unequal wealth and one - Party power has stoked discontent in villages and industrial cities , where farmers and workers have felt neglected and exploited .
This hinterland of unrest has become the focus of a transformed dissident movement ; not the middle - class in the big cities .
“ Our roots are in Tiananmen Square in 1989 , but we ’ve had to reach far down to places far from Beijing , ” said Chen Yongmiao , a rights campaigner who helps run a “ post - reform ” group and website focused on the future of activism .
“ We ’ve got to stop waiting for an emperor in the capital to grant us our rights . ”
This loose coalition has embraced the cause of detained and unpaid migrant workers , farmers deprived of land , child victims of toxic milk powder , and members of unregistered churches , recruiting thousands of lawyers , intellectuals and students .
“ The ultimate goal is still democracy and rule of law .
But in circumstances where we ca n’t fundamentally change the system , should we sit back and do nothing ? ” said Li .
Activists still risk detention and official pressure , as Li found .
Some rights lawyers may be effectively disbarred in coming days unless their employers and the state - run lawyers association approve their usually routine annual inspection by May 31 .
“ There ’s no way now for the rights movement to link up and threaten the Communist Party , ” said Teng Biao , a Beijing rights lawyer and academic .
“ But the spread of civil society will continue .
Some of us may go to prison , but the social forces behind us wo n’t weaken . ”
THE ANARCHIST INTERNATIONAL
www.anarchy.no
I NTERNATIONAL I NSTITUTE F OR O RGANIZATION R ESEARCH
http://www.anarchy.no/iifor.html
- IIFOR P.B. 4777 Sofienberg N- 0506 Oslo - Norway
Google international translation tool - Norwegian to English and more
HORIZONTAL ORGANIZATION
A brief survey
by IIFOR - ISSN 0800 - 0220
http://www.anarchy.no/horizon1.html
I. INTRODUCTION
Briefly defined anarchy and anarchism are coordination on equal footing , without superiors and subordinates , i.e. horizontal organization and co-operation without coercion .
This means practically or ideally , i.e. ordinary vs perfect horizontal organization respectively .
Anarchy and anarchism mean " system and management without ruler (s ) , i.e. co-operation without repression , tyranny and slavery " .
In short an - arch-y = [ ( an = without - arch = ruler ( s ) ) - y = system ( included optimal order and law ) and management , as , say , in monarch -y ] .
Anarchy and anarchism are efficient and fair system and management without top heavy societal pyramid economical and / or political / administrative - in income and / or rank , i.e. significant horizontal organization .
Thus , anarchy and anarchism mean real democracy , both economical and political / administrative democracy , in private and public sector .
NB !
Real , i.e. always including Green , Democracy .
And thus , the concept of horizontal organization is essential to the concepts of anarchy and anarchism , and here we will give a brief survey of the research front on horizontal organization .
The ordinary - not perfect horizontal organization ( perfect = with full democracy ) , is the typical horizontal organization of today , significantly horizontal - with a Bottom - Up approach , and equal to or more than 50 % degree of democracy = libertarian = anarchist degree , but not much above 50 % , as , say , 1 . the country Norway with about 54 % degree of democracy = libertarian = anarchist degree , and 2 . several horizontally organized firms located within the OECD - countries , probably with around 50 % to 60 % degree of democracy = libertarian = anarchist degree .
More horizontal organization both in number of firms and more democratic firms , i.e. cut in the Bureacracy including its costs , and thus less market power and inflation , and more influence from the bottom ( the People ) economically and political / administrative a.o.t to reduce unemployment , and achieve less rank - and income - differences , as well as environmentally sustainable growth , are important parts of the ongoing Cogrips - policy and Democracy Project .
NB !
Anarchism , the libertarian and democracy , and degrees of this , is 100 % a question of influence on decisions .
All other things are only relevant as far as they affects the influence on the societal decisions .
To be more precise : anarchism , the libertarian and democracy is a question of influence on the societal decisions by the People = the Bottom of the societal pyramid , the decisions usually and mainly takeny by the Top of the societal pyramid , i.e. the Bureacracy broadly defined in privat and public sector .
The influence on the societal decisions by the People = Bottom , measured relatively - in % , is the degree of democracy = libertarian degree , in the society .
NB !
Not only domestic factors may have effect on the People 's influence on the societal decisions = the degree of democracy , say , international solidarity actions may increase the influence of the People , while other supranational actions , by enemies of the People , may reduce the People 's influence , make the society less democratic .
Also the influence of the domestic Bureaucracy on the societal decisions may be affected by actions from outside .
In addition to such indirect effects via the influence of the People and influence of the domestic Bureaucracy on the societal decisions , actions coming from outside seen all in all also may have a net directly effect on the societal decisions , an independent net influence on the societal decisions of a country ( similar for another type society / organization ) .
This net direct effect on the domestic societal decisions is just called influence from outside .
100 % - the degree of democracy = 100 % - libertarian degree , is the influence on the societal decisions by others ( than the People ) , measured in % .
The influence of the others is the sum of 1 . the influence by the domestic Top of the societal pyramid , the Bureaucracy and 2 . influence from outside , i.e. for a country = foreigners net supranational influence .
NB !
Both the influence on the societal decisions from 1 . the domestic Top & Bureaucracy and 2 .
the influence from outside , for a country net supranational influence , are 3 . working from the Top - Down more or less , and is thus influence from the Top , because it is not the influence from the People .
The influence of the others , i.e. not from the People = 100 % - the degree of democracy ( the People 's influence in % ) , is thus always influence from the Top , but not only from the domestic Bureaucracy - local Top .
Thus : 100 % - the degree of democracy = 100 % - libertarian degree = the authoritarian degree , of the society .
Thus the authoritarian degree of a society , country , organization or more general - system , also includes foreign contributions ( if any ) .
NB !
Foreign allies supporting the domestic people is a part of the People seen all in all in an organization , say , a country as a whole .
Such allies , welcomed by the domestic people , is thus a part of the People in a society , and often necessary to achieve high degree of democracy in a society .
Ad idealists and allies : People from the upper classes - the Top - Bureaucracy in private and public sector , that are idealists and support the People , are welcome to join in and de facto be members of the People .
Also international idealists and troops ( say , from NATO and / or other allies ) supporting the people in a country are in general welcome to join in and in reality and de facto be members of the People in a country .
Religious people prey for god 's influence as a part of the influence from outside , but all sound emprical research show that preyers do n't work at all , so such influence is estimated to zero % in this Democracy Project , i.e. scientific research .
This in general excludes supranatural influence as zero .
Society means organization in general .
This can be a whole country , both public and privat sector , or the industrial organization in general , or , say , a regional organization , or only one municipality ( commune ) , a firm , a NGO or a public department .
The above mentioned is generally valid , i.e. for all types of organizations .
An ideal = perfect = 100 % horizontal organization is a 100 % democratic = 100 % libertarian = 100 % anarchist organization , i.e. where the degree of democracy = libertarian degree = anarchy degree = 100 % , = 100 % without superiors and subordinates in terms of influence , in the meaning the People - the Bottom of the societal pyramid have 100 % influence on the societal decisions that NB !
still may be taken mainly by a Top of the societal pyramid , a Bureaucracy , that however has no - zero - influence on the decisions they take ( in office - i.e. the societal decisions ) , they follow the demands ( orders - commands ) of the People 100 % .
The demands ( orders - commands ) of the People may be collected and coordinated by a 100 % bottom - up People 's Council and delivered to the Bureacracy that meet , executes and performs the demands , orders & commands of the People , 100 % .
NB !
In this case , to be 100 % democratic = libertarian = anarchist , the Bureaucracy - the Top , here with zero influence on the societal decisions ( at work etc. e.i. as officials ) , must be allowed to join the People on equal footing to put forward their demands as citizens and consumers to the People 's Council ( or may be via another arrangement working in the same way as such a People 's Council ) .
And NB !
It is thinkable this Bureaucracy =
Top of the organization , which in this case are not superiors in terms of influence , may be of a significant size , but in practice it must be small and downsized i.e. mainly because 1 . power corrupts and 2 . difficulties with " checks and balances " because a big Bureaucracy in form of a large posts and staffing structure hierarchy , is difficult to control ( democratically ) by the People .
Thus 100 % horizontal organization can in practice only be achieved with a relatively flat societal pyramid regarding posts and staffing structure hierarchy , but it need not be 100 % flat in the meaning of no posts and staffing structure hierarchy at all .
The anarchist , real democratic , ideal has 100 % ( perfect ) horizontal organization , i.e. 100 % socialism and autonomy , no hierarchy , and no authoritarian relations between people / persons , and no authorities political / administrative and economically , and no disorganization & chaotical = ochlarchy tendencies .
Thus , there is 100 % anarchy , democracy and the libertarian , order included .
NB !
But as indicated above : all these conditions defining 100 % anarchy degree = libertarian degree = democracy degree , i.e. the anarchist = libertarian = democratic ideal , are in principle defined in terms of influence on the societal = organizational - decisions , and in principle not on who takes the decisions or something else .
Anarchism , the libertarian and democracy , and degrees of this , is 100 % a question of influence on decisions .
All other things are only relevant as far as they affects the influence on the societal decisions .
As mentioned - to be more precise : anarchism , the libertarian and democracy ( and degrees of these ) is a question of influence on the societal decisions by the People = Bottom = versus the influence on the societal decisions by others , which is 100 % - the influence by the People = Bottom , measured relatively - in % .
The influence by others is the sum of the influence by the ( domestic ) Bureaucracy relatively - in % , and possible influence from outside , i.e. for a country : foreigners ' = supranational influence , in % , the sum is the total influence from the Top ( i.e. not influence by the People , democratic ) .
And this total influence relatively ( in % ) on the societal decisions i.e. not by the People = the authoritarian degree , the opposite of democracy and the libertarian and equal to 100 % - the degree of democracy = 100 % - the libertarian degree .
As mentioned : foreign allies supporting the domestic people is a part of the People seen all in all in an organization , say , a country as a whole .
Such allies , welcomed by the domestic people , is thus a part of the People in a society , and often necessary to achieve high degree of democracy in a society .
Ad idealists and allies : People from the upper classes - the Top - Bureaucracy in private and public sector , that are idealists and support the People , are welcome to join in and de facto be members of the People .
Also international idealists and troops ( say , from NATO and / or other allies ) supporting the people in a country are in general welcome to join in and in reality and de facto be members of the People in a country .
Unless 1 . a theoretical only situation with 100 % flat - horizontal organization with no pyramid and top at all , i.e. one thinkable but in practice for a country ( or a large organization in general ) not implementable way to reach 100 % anarchy , the ideal at the top of the Economic - Political Map , with 0 % authoritarian degree , 2 . the societal decisions , economical and political / administrative , are done within a , say , a ) relatively small & flat - topped , or b ) a top - heavy , - pyramid organization mainly at the top of the pyramid , and mainly not at the bottom .
The People , i.e. the Grassroots and Bottom Class , on the bottom of the pyramid , may however have more or less real and de facto influence over and on the decisions , mainly taken by the top of the pyramid .
This applies to both anarchist , i.e. real democratic - and more authoritarian , systems .
As mentioned : the degree of democracy , measuring relatively how much the People govern , is in principle dependent only on the amount of influence by the People over and on the societal decisions - and in principle not on the amount of decisions taken by the People .
But of course more societal decisions taken by the People , say , via referendum and industrial democracy with empowered workers in firms with horizontal organization , in general also increases the amount of influence , and thus the degree of democracy = libertarian = anarchist degree ( only defined within the Quadrant of Anarchism on the Economic - Political Map , or similar in the reality ) .
As mentioned , the degree of democracy is equal to the libertarian degree , both measured as percent degree from 0 % toward 100 % , full democracy .
The degree of democracy measures the influence by the People , i.e. the Bottom of the societal pyramid , on the societal decisions , mainly taken by persons on the Top of the pyramid .
The degree of democracy = the libertarian degree = 100 % - the authoritarian degree .
Real Democracy (= Anarchism ) has a degree of democracy above or equal to 50 % , i.e. significant , meaning fifty - fifty influence from the People , i.e. the Bottom , vs others , i.e. the ( domestic )
Top 's influence + possible influence from outside [ for a country : foreigners ' - supranational influence ] - or more relative influence by the People , NB ! both economical and political / adminstrative .
1. A real democratic ( = anarchist ) organization , significant = with a degree of democracy equal to 50 % , - or above , from 50 % to 100 % ( perfect = ideal horizontal organization ) , both economical and political / administrative , is a horizontal organization ( in terms of influence ) , of different degrees between just significant ( 50 % democracy = libertarian degree = anarchist degree ) towards the ideal , perfect horizontal organization ( 100 % democracy degree = libertarian degree = anarchist degree ) , while
2. an organization with less than 50 % degree of democracy = libertarian degree i.e. the authoritarian degree = ( 100 % - the degree of democracy = libertarian degree ) is above 50 % in general or partly , that is either economical or political / adminsitrative or both more than 50 % authoritarian degree ( less than 50 % democracy degree & libertarian degree ) , is a vertical organization .
A vertical organization may be 1 . semi-democratic & semi-libertarian , i.e. aggregate democracy degree = libertarian degree is equal to or more than 50 % , but is partly authoritarian , i.e. either economical or political / adminsitrative have more than 50 % authoritarian degree ; 2 . authoritarian = semi-democratic ( from 33,33 % ( ca. 33 % ) towards 50 % democracy = libertarian degree , equal to from 66,66 % ( ca. 67 % ) towards 50 % authoritarian degree ) or 3 . ultra-authoritarian = totalitarian ( = flawed " democracy " , Failed State , Dictatorship , Autocracy , and similar , see ( click on : ) Ultra - authoritarian & Totalitarian States for more information ) , i.e. with zero to very small democratic = libertarian tendencies ( libertarian = democracy degree = 0 % and upwards equal to 33,33 % ( ca. 33 % ) ; equal to 100 % and downwards equal to 66,66 % ( ca. 67 % ) authoritarian degree ) , and very significant authoritarian - towards 100 authoritarian degree = 100 % totalitarian organization , totally authoritarian , where the influence by the People , the Bottom of the societal pyramid , on the societal decisions ( mainly taken by the Top ) is zero = 0 % , = zero degree of democracy = zero libertarian degree .
No freedom and equality at all .
Societal democracy has two dimensions , economical democracy ( socialism ) and political / administrative democracy ( autonomy ) , both of varying degrees between 0 % and 100 % , and defined quite similar to the democracy degree for the society in general .
The degree of democracy = libertarian degree of a society , i.e. of a whole organization , is an aggregate of these two , see ( click on : ) Formula for aggregation for more and detailed information .
NB !
A necessary condition for Real Democracy = Anarchy & Anarchism , i.e. an anarchist = real democratic organization = a horizontal organization , is that both the economical democracy and the political / administrative democracy must be real , i.e. equal to or above 50 % degree of democracy .
The aggregate degree of democracy = libertarian degree may however be above 50 % also with lack of either economic democracy or political / administrative democracy , if the other dimension ( either the economical pyramid or the political / administrative pyramid within the societal pyramid ) has a very high degree of democracy , but that is a form of semi-libertari & semi- democratic system , and not real democratic and not horizontal organization , although it is not significantly authoritarian , i.e. more than 50 % authoritarian degree , on aggregate level .
This means a.o.t. that semi- democratic systems , societies , countries and organizations may be a ) generally authoritarian , or b ) partly authoritarian ( i.e. either economical or political / adminstrative ) , but not totalitarian and ultra-authoritarian .
A Bottom - Up approach , including both Bottom - Up managerial systems and Bottom - Up actions , is real democratic , i.e. significant influence ( equal to or more than 50 % ) from the People - the Bottom of the societal pyramid , on the societal decisions , both economical and political / administrative , and thus also Anarchist = equal to or more than 50 % libertarian degree within Anarchism , the Anarchist Quadrant of the Economic - Political Map , or similar in reality .
Thus a Bottom - Up approach , of actions , systems , societies , countries and organizations , means Anarchist , i.e. economic - politcal located within the Quadrant of Anarchism on the Economic - Political Map , or similar in reality .
The opposite : a Top - Down approach , including Top - Down managerial systems and Top - Down actions , is not real democratic , and thus wholly or partly authoritarian , i.e. the authoritarian degree is above 50 % either economical or political / administrative or for both dimensions of the societal pyramid .
Thus a Top - Down approach , of actions , systems , societies , countries and organizations , means economic - political marxist , fascist including populist or liberalist , i.e. located outside the Quadrant of Anarchism on the Economic - Political Map , or similar in reality .
Lower than 50 % democracy = libertarian degree , for a society - organization , means a Top - Down approach , i.e. semi-democratic authoritarian plus ultra-authoritarian & totalitarian actions , systems , organizatins and countries .
Also more than 50 % democracy = libertarian degree , for an action , society , country - organization on aggregate level , but with either an authoritarian ( more than 50 % authoritarian degree ) economical or political / administrative dimension ( pyramid ) , means a Top - Down approach .
Below we will take a closer look at the organizations presented in " The horizontal organization " , a book by Frank Ostroff ( 1999 ) published by Oxford University Press .
They are all very likely horizontal ( real democratic organizations ) , as explained above , and not vertical organizations , but quite far from full democracy , 100 % flat organizations in terms of influence on the societal ( organizational ) decisions from the Bottom of the organizational pyramid .
Fig .
1 . Typical vertical and 100 % horizontal organization
All groups of the horizontal organization may have the same functioning , being affinity groups , but can also have specialization , one group for production , one for distribution , one for administration , and so on .
The 100 % flatness is defined in terms of influence .
The horizontal organization is a more appropriate model for the knowledge age .
Companies increasingly find this structure more effective .
The most well known book on this item of today 's research front is " The horizontal organization " by Frank Ostroff ( 1999 ) .
He emphasizes the need to start with an understanding of your organizations core competencies and to develop a horizontal structure from there .
His fairly academic book advances a trend that is already well documented .
Horizontal organizations have been covered in numerous other books , which , like this one , promote more decentralized , downsized -- especially the bureaucracy , team - oriented organizations with empowered workers .
Management by objectives ( MBO ) or aspirations as Ostroff calls it , instead of by bureaucratic ruling , is another key - factor .
Despite a leaden , pedantic writing style , Ostroff distinguishes his theoretical discussion with several detailed examples of how the horizontal organization works and how you can apply it to your company .
An earlier famous work on horizontal organization written in Norwegian language is " Alternativ til hierarkisk organisasjon " by Philip G. Herbst , Tanum - Norli Oslo 1977 -- and this book is rooted back to a.o.t.
Herbst , Philip G. ( 1962 ) : Autonomous Group Functioning .
Tavistock , Publ. , London and Emery , F.E. & Thorsrud E. ( 1976 ) : Democracy at Work .
Martinus Nijhoff , Social Science Division , Leiden , Holland .
In the preface of Herbst ( 1977 ) it is stated : " Et av spørsmålene som er blitt stilt under samtaler om emnet for denne boka , var : " Det du sikter til , er vel flate hierarkier " .
Dette tror jeg illustrerer hvor vanskelig det kan være å forestille seg organisasjoner som ikke har en hierarkisk struktur ...
Man skulle tro det ville være vanskelig å si noe særlig nytt om byråkrati , men ut fra en sosioteknisk tilnærming blir det mulig å identifisere designprinsippene for byråkratiske hierarkier på en enkel måte .
Så snart dette er gjort blir det mulig å identifisere de grunnleggende egenskapene ved et stort antall alternative , ikke - hierarkiske organisasjonsformer .
Ved siden av autonome , sammensatte grupper omfatter dette matrise - og nettverksorganisasjoner .
Hver av disse vil være egnet for spesielle typer oppgaver og ulike miljøbetingelser .
De to siste former synes å representere nye alternativer innenfor store organisasjoner . "
This statement indicates that horizontal organization may be 100 % non-hierarchical or more or less flat , dependent on the situation and purpose of the organization , i.e. what is optimal horizontal organization .
A studycircle may very well be 100 % flat organized , but not a police corps .
Also a police corps or defense corps may however be organized with relatively small rank and income differences and still be efficient , i.e. significantly flat organized , see International Journal of Anarchism 2 ( 38 ) .
Horizontal organization , a bottom up approach as opposed to a top down approach , economically and political / administrative , means organization without ruler (s ) - arch(s ) , i. e. not without management , but 1 . organization with significant small income and rank differences , 2 . empowered workers with significant influence and freedom within a framework , and 3 . real democratic control one way or the other .
It is not a system where the management takes orders from the workers , unless the case with 100 % flat organization .
A horizontal organization has a degree of flatness , an anarchy degree , between 50 % and 100 % , the anarchist ideal .
Workers mean the frontline in an organization .
Horizontal organization also has an intergenerational perspective , mainly related to environmental problems ( eco-anarchism ) .
Here we will only discuss horizontal organization for firms within private and public sector .
Also a country seen all in all may however be horizontally organized , be real democratic , i.e. anarchy .
Today there are three significantly horizontally organized countries in the world , Norway , the Swiss Confederation and Iceland , see Norway and Switzerland : Anarchies ... and Anarchism in Iceland .
Also relevant in this context is an IIFOR research report about horizontal industrial organization , where decentralization , also geographically , autogestion and to avoid concentration of market power are among the key - factors .
Norwegian firms are more and more horizontally organized , according to Nordhaug and Gooderham at NHH ( Dagsavisen 15 & 16.10.2004 ) .
02.11.2011 .
Flat hierarchy challenges new leaders .
Norway's " flat , flat , flat " management hierarchy [ i.e. not topheavy pyramid economically and / or political / administrative ] poses a huge challenge for new leaders recruited from overseas .
It can also explain why there 's so few of them within the Norwegian business world .
" Many leaders can feel so disrespected when they come to Norway , " said Kimberly Lein- Mathisen , global alliance leader for the large US pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly .
Everyone is equal , and employees are accustomed to being consulted on most matters , and having their say .
Source : www.newsinenglish.no.
Experience shows that external consultants who are specialists in horizontal organization often are necessary for optimal development .
Ostroff discusses the typical horizontal organization and this is not 100 % flat or close to , but still has a significant degree of flatness , so it is of course horizontal and not vertically organized .
He also discusses mixes of horizontal with vertical , hierarchical organizations .
We will take a closer look at Ostroff 's work :
II .
THE HORIZONTAL ORGANIZATION
What the Organization of the Future Actually Looks Like and How It Delivers Value to Customers
A review and comment to the book by Frank Ostroff ( 1999 ) Oxford University Press .
The vertical / functional hierarchy has been the mainstay of business since the industrial revolution .
But it has its problems .
In fact , the vertical design all but guarantees fragmented tasks , overspecialization , fiefdoms , turf wars , the urge to control from the top -- all the negatives that foster organizational paralysis .
In The Horizontal Organization , Frank Ostroff provides companies with the first truly viable alternative to the age - old vertical alignment .
Indeed , he offers nothing less than the first full view of what the organization of the future looks like and how it works .
The concept of horizontal organization has been hailed in Fortune as " a model corporation for the next fifty years " and in a Business Week cover story as " the real thing . "
But until now , management books have offered only piecemeal accounts of what the organization of the future might look like .
Ostroff , a key developer of the concept of the horizontal organization , offers the first workable road map .
He describes what the horizontal organization is , what it looks like , why it is important , how it helps improve performance , where it is appropriate , and how to develop it .
The book contains real case examples that show how major international corporations ( and one federal agency ) have used Ostroff 's concepts to meet their competitive goals .
For instance , we see how Ford Motor Company 's Customer Service Division turned to the horizontal organization to meet a highly ambitious goal -- to get the customer 's car fixed right , on time , the first time , at a competitive price , in convenient locations .
We see how a horizontal design radically improved the performance of OSHA ( the federal agency that oversees occupational safety ) , transforming it from a bureaucratic enforcer of regulations to a proactive problem - solver in a concerted effort to improve working conditions and save lives .
And we see how Xerox combined both vertical and horizontal designs successfully , a case that underscores when a firm can best use the horizontal organization to achieve their goals .
Ostroff also looks at a General Electric plant in North Carolina , Motorola 's Space and Systems Technology Group , and the home finance division of Barclays Bank , highlighting how these major corporations have also used the horizontal organization to radically improve productivity .
Many successful business books , such as Reengineering the Corporation and Beyond Reengineering , have given managers only a piece of the puzzle .
Ostroff gives us the complete picture .
The Horizontal Organization offers the first usable roadmap to the twenty - first - century firm .
It is a book everyone who desires to radically improve the performance of their organization will want to read .
Frank Ostroff is a key developer of the " Horizontal Organization " concept which has been featured in such publications as Business Week ( cover story ) , Financial Times , Fortune , and Information Week ( cover story ) .
He has as mentioned worked directly with leading organizations in the high - technology , industrial goods , and financial services industries as well as the public sector to dramatically improve their performance .
He has been a keynote speaker at leading business conferences and academic institutions worldwide .
Considered one of the world 's leading new thinkers on business issues , he lives with his wife and children in Washington , DC . ( 1999 )
When the home finance division ( HFD ) of Barclays Bank conducted market research , it found that moving ranked just behind death and divorce in terms of stress .
To relieve customers from some of the anxiety that accompanies home - buying , Barclays ' HFD concentrated on delivering end - to - end mortgage services .
Today , in addition to traditional mortgage offerings , Barclays ' HFD customers can get legal and relocation assistance .
The market research Barclays ' HFD conducted led to more than the creation of innovative product offerings .
To actually provide such products , the division reorganized itself as a fast - moving , cross-functional entity comprising teams grouped by region rather than by functions .
In The Horizontal Organization , Frank Ostroff uses Barclays ' HFD and other examples to argue compellingly against the vertical , function - based orientations that exist in most businesses .
While Ostroff acknowledges that vertical organizations can and do perform well , he insists that horizontal organizations work better .
Where function - based companies experience fragmented processes , overspecialization and top - down control , horizontal companies boast of the ability to respond fast to market forces , empowered and committed employees , and improved productivity .
Using the case studies of organizations as Xerox Corp. , the Occupational Safety and Health Administration , and Ford Motor Co. , etc , Ostroff elaborates on the nuances of horizontal organizations .
For example , each of the aforementioned organizations still clings to vestiges of its function - based heritage to one degree or another .
At Xerox , for example , the chief executive is the final arbiter of strategic decisions made by every business group .
And though the organizations Ostroff profiles embrace the horizontal concept in different ways , there are shared characteristics :
Teams constitute the fundamental operating unit , and process owners ( either a team or an individual ) are responsible for an entire core process .
Above all , horizontal organizations focus on customers - internal metrics have no relevance unless they contribute to the " value proposition " delivered to customers .
In the quest for flatness Ostroff considers information technology central yet largely supportive .
When implemented correctly , Ostroff argues , IT should accommodate a more horizontal structure by making information available on a real - time basis , supplying tools to identify and track problems , creating best - practice knowledge bases and enabling effective collaboration .
In and of itself , writes Ostroff , IT will not engender an intense customer focus if business processes are not organized accordingly .
Books about reorganizing businesses into flatter , less bureaucratic animals abound .
But Ostroff 's book is refreshing because of front - line , firsthand employee accounts .
At a General Electric plant in Salisbury , N.C. , for example , automated equipment operator Harold Driver tells how teams must often train new managers in coaching and listening skills .
Ostroff is also brutally candid about the difficulty of transitioning to a more horizontal structure .
The real challenge is to convince employees that they can personally benefit from the change .
Getting employees to do that is always a task of Herculean proportions .
While Ostroff presents visions of what organizations can be like once they become horizontal , he offers no specific prescriptions for winning the hearts and minds of employees .
Perhaps a complementary book to this one is Dale Carnegie 's How to Win Friends and Influence People , Megan Santosus writes in a review of Ostroff 's book .
Ostroffs " Horizontal Organization " is structurally opposed to the classic " Vertical Organization , " the backbone of corporate America and Europe .
The central premise : the inflexibility and fragmentation inherent to the vertical system can be avoided by collapsing middle - and lower - managers and frontline workers into problem - oriented , synergistic teams .
Claiming that most companies are not ready for horizontalization , Ostroff suggests a transition period , during which a steering committee is in constant assessment of objectives met and missed .
Ostroff clearly states that the task is both a top - bottom and bottom - top process .
" Both the change effort itself and the new organization born from the old must have full top - down , bottom - up , and cross- functional commitment . "
Ostroff ( 1999 ) .
This mixed approach of change is somewhat similar to the industrial collectives in the Spanish Revolution 1936 - 39 where the engineers joined the frontline workers in syndicalistically managed factories , but Ostroff 's approach is not limited to syndicalistically run firms .
His organizational principles are rather general and may be used for several purposes including autogestion .
This new approach implies that workers , like managers , will need to become more flexible , tackling shifting responsibilities and undertaking a certain amount of re-education and retraining .
Probably the shift brings a certain amount of workers empowerment .
Taking a vertical / hierarchical organization and eliminating middle management does not make a horizontal organization .
The skills possessed by middle management , to collect and analyze , to ensure corporate vision is met and referral to the most relevant decision makers are required in any organization .
In a true horizontal organization , these are performed either by front line personnel or senior management , depending on appropriateness .
None of these skills come naturally .
They require , talent , education , training and practice .
In a horizontal organization , attention is paid to making sure that these skills are present .
This takes time , planning and work .
There is an insistence on " teamwork , " but Ostroff never clarifies the immediate relationship between the middle management and the workers in the teams .
Ostroffs horizontal world is populated by satisfied customers , fulfilled middle managers , and happy workers , his thesis made evident by his ( mildly generalist ) case studies .
The reader would have difficulty arguing that a horizontal system is nt more " humane " ( Ostroffs descriptor ) than a vertical one , and some of Ostroffs ideas do have a vaguely socialist flavor .
But the reader is left wondering how success is measured in the horizontal organization .
By its feel - good humanity or its bottom - line profitability ?
The keyword in this context is increased productivity , a main aim also in anarchist systems .
Ostroff 's models of horizontal organization in private and public sector may be a libertarian element within liberalistical as well as marxian systems , as well as a part of anarchist systems , also of a high degree of anarchy .
The Horizontal Organization , by institutional - change specialist Frank Ostroff , is a blueprint for the future development of public and private infrastructures that have outgrown the vertical , or " top - down , " hierarchy that has been standard in the business community since the onset of the Industrial Revolution .
" It is increasingly apparent that the long - favored vertical model is , by itself , no longer capable of meeting all the different needs of business , " Ostroff writes .
" It has been rendered inadequate for today 's demanding competitive , technological , and workforce environments by its inherent shortcomings . "
The time is therefore right , he continues , completely to overhaul this outdated corporate structure and prepare for the next 50 years as some major establishments -- such as Ford Motor Company 's Customer Service Division , Xerox , and the federal Occupational Safety and Health Administration ( OSHA ) -- already have done .
Through well - reasoned arguments and the help of these and other real - world examples , Ostroff convincingly shows how his concepts might be employed to eliminate bureaucracy , improve productivity , and solve common long - term organizational problems .
And by presenting the entire picture where only small pieces have previously been revealed , he makes a compelling case for radical change in the corporate world as well as in the public sector and non-profit universe , says Howard Rothman in a book review .
Ostroff provides firms with the first truly viable alternative to the age - old vertical alignment of businesses , and presents a view of what the organization of the future looks like and how it will work .
III .
KEY CONCEPTS OF HORIZONTAL ORGANIZATION
In this chapter we will present the key concepts in Ostroff ( 1999 ) .
In the book Ostroff uses the word " authority " , mainly meaning " mandate " and " competence " in anarchist theory .
Thus , when reading the book in an anarchist context , the word " authority " should be replaced by " mandate " and " competence " .
Fundamental Principles of the Horizontal Organization " Exactly what are the fundamental principles of the horizontal organization ? "
The twelve fundamental guiding principles for creating horizontal organizations according to Ostroff are the following :
The first five principles concern the design of the organization : Organize around cross-functional core processes .
Install process owners
Make teams , not individuals , the cornerstone of organizational design and performance .
Integrate with customers and suppliers .
Decrease hierarchy by eliminating non-value - added work and by giving team members the authority to make decisions .
The next seven principles concern the institutionalization of the change : Build a corporate culture of openness , cooperation , and collaboration , a culture that focuses on continuous performance improvement and values employee empowerment , responsibility , and well - being .
Empower people by giving them the tools , skills , motivation and authority they need .
Use information technology to help people reach performance objectives and deliver the value proposition to the customer .
Measure for end - of - process performance objectives as well as customer satisfaction , employee satisfaction , and financial contribution .
Redesign functional departments or areas to work as partners in process performance with core process groups .
Emphasize multiple competencies and train people to handle issues and work productively in cross-functional areas .
Promote multi-skilling , the ability to think creatively and respond flexibly to challenges that arise in the work that teams do .
All core processes lead to one end objective : C reating and delivering something of value to the customer .
Characteristics of Horizontal Organizations
" No two horizontal structures are ever exactly alike because each is designed to deliver a distinctive value proposition , but certain characteristics that are not found in a vertical organization are common to every horizontally structured one . "
The Function of Core Process Groups in Horizontal Organizations " Each organization 's core processes are unique to that entity because they are designed specifically to deliver the organization 's value proposition . "
Three Phases of Horizontal Reorganization " Transformation often falls apart because of a breakdown along one or more of the three axes of change . "
Assessing the Competitive Environment " Your organization needs to be so well integrated internally that it can innovate in order to stay ahead of the competition , not just react to it . "
Articulating Aspirations
" To envision the organization 's future , management must identify bold stretch goals , then articulate vivid descriptions of what achieving them will mean . "
Checklist for Setting Direction " Build a strong line of communication to all stakeholders so that everyone is aware of objectives , overall progress , and tangible successes . "
Formulating a Horizontal Design
" All horizontal organizational charts have in common several important features , some of which are carried over from the traditional hierarchy or bureaucracy . "
Oversight of Core Process Groups - Owners
" There must remain a level of managerial responsibility even in the smallest and simplest core process group . "
Oversight of Core Process Groups - Teams
" With few exceptions , the complexity of the core process requires highly - skilled teams with strong expertise and the confidence to be self - starters . "
Institutionalizing the Horizontal Ideology " Information is the indispensable fuel that drives the value proposition and empowers people to do their best work . "
Building an Open and Responsive Corporate Culture " It makes no sense to ask frontline people to take on extra responsibilities if the company does not or cannot provide the adequate technology , resources , and incentives to facilitate and reward their work . "
Commitment to the Future " Both the change effort itself and the new organization born from the old must have full top - down , bottom - up , and cross-functional commitment . "
IV . ADDITIONAL LITERATURE
A horizontal , rather than pyramid , structure not only allows greater worker empowerment , but also makes communicating vision throughout the organization an easier task .
A flattened organization requires fewer managers , is less bureaucratic , and can produce more cross-functional employees .
Achieving such an organizational structure is not always a simple task , as several of the cited articles cover in their case studies .
But it is the organization for businesses and public sector for the future ...
Alvesson , Mats .
" A Flat Pyramid : A Symbolic Processing of Organizational Structure . "
International Studies of Management & Organization .
19 # 4 ( Winter 1989 / 1990 ) :5- 23 .
Byrne , John A. " The Horizontal Corporation . "
Business Week . # 3351 ( December 20 , 1993 ) :76 - 81 .
Denton , D. Keith .
Horizontal Management : Beyond Total Customer Service .
New York : Free Press , 1991 .
Donath , Bob .
" Going Flat Out for Flat Organizations Is n't Easy . "
Marketing News. 26 # 25 ( December 7 , 1992 ) : 7-8 .
" Farewell to the Pyramid Chart . "
Business Week . # 3351 ( December 20 , 1993 ) : 122 .
Flander , Gail and Milan Moravec .
" Out of Chaos , Opportunity . " Personnel Journal .
73 # 3 ( March 1994 ) :83 - 88 .
Graham , Morris A. and Melvin J. LeBaron .
" The Horizontal Revolution : Reengineering Your Organization Through Teams . "
November 1994 .
James , Graham .
" State - of - the Art Technology and Organisational Culture . "
Management Decision . 29 # 2 ( 1991 ) :18 - 31 .
Klaus , Gunther .
" Horizontal Organization . "
Executive Excellence .
6 # 11 ( November 1989 ) : 3- 5 .
Krackhardt , David and Jeffrey R. Hanson .
" Informal Networks : The Company Behind the Chart . "
Harvard Business Review . 71 # 4 ( July / August 1993 ) : 104 - 111 .
Kurstedt , H.A. , Jr. and others .
Experience in Designing and Using a Flat Structure in a Multi-Project Research Organization .
Blacksburg , VA : VPI&SU , 1990 .
Lammers , Teri .
" The New , Improved Organization Chart . " Inc. 14 # 10 ( October 1992 ) :147-149 .
Lester , Tom .
" A Structure for Europe . " Management Today .
( January 1991 ) :76 - 78 .
McLaughlin , Mark .
" Flat and Happy at the Top . " New England Business .
12 # 3 ( March 1990 ) :19 - 20 .
Mapes , James J. " Learning from Each Other . "
Training & Development .
47 # 11 ( November 1993 ) : 6,8 .
Ostroff , Frank and Douglas Smith .
" The Horizontal Organization . "
McKinsey Quarterly .
# 1 ( 1992 ) :148-168 .
Peters , Tom. " Going ' Horizontal ' in Your Career . "
Industry Week .
242 #1 ( January 4 , 1993 ) :47 -50 .
Quinn , James Brian and Penny C. Paquette .
" Technology in Services : Creating Organizational Revolutions . "
Sloan Management Review .
31 # 2 ( Winter 1990 ) :67 - 78 .
Tomasko , Robert M. " Structure Horizontally " [ Chapter 7 ]
Rethinking the Corporation : the Architecture of Change .
New York : AMACOM , 1993 .
Weixel , Suzanne .
" Flat Management Requires Juggling . "
Computerworld .
24 # 34 ( August 20 , 1990 ) :70 - 71 .
Mr. Lee ’s opposition to Proposition 8 “ created tension in my life I had never experienced with black clergy , ” he said .
“ But it was clear to me that any time you deny one group of people the same right that other groups have that is a clear violation of civil rights and I have to speak up on that . ”
In April , Mr. Lee attended a board meeting of the civil rights organization in Kansas City , Mo. , and found himself once again in the minority position among his colleagues on the issue of same - sex marriage , but was told , he said , by the interim president of the civil rights organization , Byron Clay , that the group publicly had a neutral position on the issue .
So a month later , Mr. Lee said , he was surprised to receive a call from the National Board of Directors summoning him immediately to Atlanta to explain why he had taken a position on the same - sex marriage issue without the authority of the national board .
Explaining that he was unable to come to Atlanta on such short notice , Mr. Lee then received two letters from the organization ’s lawyer , Dexter M. Wimbish , threatening him with suspension or removal as president of the Los Angeles chapter if he did not come soon to explain himself .
The future in bikes may already be here , at least on paper .
We ’ve found the most interesting Modern Concept Bikes the world has to offer .
CYKEL Electric and Pedal Bike by Brian Mcallister
As much fun as it is to bike around your city , West Coasters know just how hard it can be to pedal up steep hills and winding corners .
The Cykel concept bike offers a modern solution meant to save you from getting exhausted .
When the strain becomes too much , simply switch to electric power to assist you through the tough spots .
Another clever feature of this prototype is solid over - mold tires to remove any worry over getting flat tires .
24/7 City Pedelec by Philipp Guenther
Why replace your thin framed bicycle with wires and spokes every couple of years when you can just replace it all together with something different that will last .
You ’ll barely recognize the 24/7 City Pedelec as a bicycle with its solid frame and snazzy new tech from the centrifugal gear unit to the hydraulic breaks .
The frame is completely modular allowing for one - by - one upgrades , potentially making this bike the last one you ’ll ever have to buy .
City Bike by Ionut Predescu
If you think this thin streamlined bike looks flimsy , think again .
It does n’t get any tougher than carbon fiber and Kevlar cables .
The City Bike manages to be incredibly lightweight without sacrificing strength and durability .
The balance between thin black cables and shiny white carbon fiber creates a unique and almost delicate aesthetic .
IziBi Folding Bike by Renato Gschwend
We always love a good space saver , and the IziBi Folding Bike climbs its way to the top of our favorite compact items fast !
This sleek mountain bike folds entirely in half making it easy to toss in the back of any car , not to mention would fair better than most being chained up in a city since you can chain up both of your tires at once .
For something so compact you would n’t expect that the IziBi has got a strong carbon fiber polymer frame that ’s meant to last .
Green Shadow Bike by Mr. Onuff
Going green was never so literal .
Aside from looking incredibly cool and futuristic , the Green Shadow concept bike features some cool tech as well .
With an on - board computer , it helps you track your health and mileage .
It ’s nice to know how many calories you ’re burning as well as how many miles you ’re not driving .
Grasshopper Bicycle
Contender in the 12th International Bicycle Design Competition , the Grasshopper folds up into a tiny compact bicycle , but still never really gets terribly large even unfolded .
The green accents and strange thin frame make it easy to understand why this bicycle project was dubbed the “ Grasshopper . ”
The bike is meant for an urban lifestyle hence the small size and electric functionality .
You ’d probably find this little concept bike especially useful for the usually annoying transition between biking and riding the subway .
Taurus Seat-less Bike by Julia Meyer
The idea behind this unusual seatless bike comes from an interest in a more challenging ride that keeps you fitter .
By leaning forward without parking your butt on a seat you ’ll give your legs a much better workout and maintain correct posture .
Plus , you ’ll look like you came straight out of the future on such a weird new bike .
ORYX Time Trail Bike by Harald Cramer
Without knowing a thing about engineering or aerodynamics it ’s easy to imagine that the unique design of the ORYX Time Trial Bike provides a fast and efficient riding experience .
The wheel suspension and crank located on the inside makes the bike more streamlined and allows it to cut through air more efficiently .
The overall design improves shock absorption without losing traction .
Even the process of changing tires is enhanced by a clever push button release .
One Folding Bicycle by Thomas Owen
We ’ve already professed our love for collapsible bikes and One approaches the problem of space in an entirely new way .
It folds down from a full sized bike to something you could probably fit in your luggage .
The appearance of the bike itself really inspires images of the future with smooth curves and asymmetric design .
Locust Folding Bike by Josef Cadek
Straying from the white and silver staple colors of modern design and letting us know that the future might not actually be void of color , the Locust impresses with bright green and yellow in another interesting folded bike design .
Everything from the frame , to the handlebars are round making it easy to roll the entire bike up into a compact ball .
The design was achieved by replacing the chain system with a belt system with outer toothing .
BauBike by Michael Ubbesen Jakobsen
Inspired by Bauhaus design , the epitomy of modernism , the BauBike makes artistic use of clean lines and geometric shapes .
Creating a functional ride and a piece of art through design , the frame features squares and equilateral triangle limiting all of the lines to 60 or 90 degree angles .
The extra open end piece over the back wheel gives you room to add an extra seat or basket .
Backpack Bicycle by Chang Ting Jen
It may not get any more compact or convenient than a bike that folds up and fits on your back .
While it ’s hard to believe the practicality of a Backpack Bicycle , the pack weighs just over 12 lbs , so assuming you ’re not lugging much else you wo n’t be bothered by the weight .
The bike would make a great travel companion offering the freedom of cycling through a city without the hassle of chaining your bike or dragging it through attractions .
The Everglide
Sure , a lightweight compact bike is great to have while you travel , but what about a lightweight compact bike that charges your gadgets while you pedal ?
The Everglide folds neatly into a backpack and uses the power of kinetic energy to charge your cell phone or MP3 player while you ride .
It may not get any more clever or eco-friendly than this .
ThisWay Recumbent Bicycle by Torkel Dohmar
ThisWay Recumbent Bicycle looks something like a cross between a bicycle and a car and for good reason .
Its built in roof is meant to keep you dry in the rain .
And to ensure that you ’re visible to drivers even in bad weather it includes front and rear LED lights .
This can be one of the best recumbent bike by people ’s choice .
While it may not do much in terms of keeping you warm you have to imagine that any more weight over the current 26 lbs and you ’ll need an engine .
Some other popular bikes are made from tough stainless steel .
Check out Bike Hint for more great tips and information .
Hydrojet
What is the purpose of The Truth About the Moon ?
Do you believe the conspiracy theory ?
Not at all , no .
It 's a really natural story of about 10 days set around the landing .
It 's 50 percent about the words and 50 percent about the pictures , which have a wonderful lower quality from the soft edge paper .
I wanted to be faithful to history but also to break the rules , like I show Stanley ( the main character ) smoking in the spaceship .
Rocket Launch
Is there an element of paranoia to your photography ?
I would n't say paranoia but I have mantra , which is - " Surprise yourself and your audience otherwise you wo n't make any progress " .
My images look real but also removed from reality , a conflict between what you see and what you can't see .
My guru is Stanley Kubrick .
I used to photograph beer bottles and toothpaste until I saw 2001 in 1975 .
I quit my job the day after to explore the possibilities .
Call centre
You have published a series of smoke photography .
Is smoke very hard to work with ?
Oh yes , smoke was different .
I shot 100,000 shots to get 20 good pictures .
It took three months to get what I wanted , just watching a normal cigarette .
Some days you can have two good shots and then you have three days with none at all .
It was n't frustrating though , I 'm very patient .
I did n't change the shots much ; I just needed to clean the shape a little .
I used a camera that captured a 10,000th of a second .
Smoke
Our current issue is themed around government .
How is Merkel doing for you guys ?
I did n't attach any meaning to her until I saw her at the last soccer event ( World Cup 2006 ) .
She was in the stadium and I thought , ' that is not a person who can do anything for the future ' .
She does n't want to have any new ideas .
Our politicians are not active , they are merely re-active and the CDU party is very conservative .
Compasses
See more from Thomas at his website
The face , jaw and teeth of a 12 - million - year - old hominid named Anoiapithecus brevirostris .
The fossil ’s presence in Spain suggests that hominids migrated from Europe into Africa before the evolution of modern humans ( Image : National Academy of Sciences , PNAS )
Millions of years before early humans evolved in Africa , their ancestors may have lived in Europe , a 12 - million - year - old fossil hominid from Spain suggests .
The fossil , named Anoiapithecus brevirostris by Salvador Moyà - Solà of the Catalan Institute of Palaeontology in Barcelona , Spain , and his colleagues , dates from a period of human evolution for which the record is very thin .
While only the animal ’s face , jaw and teeth survive , their shape places it within the African hominid lineage that gave rise to gorillas , chimps and humans .
However , it also has features of a related group called kenyapithecins .
Moyà - Solà says that A. brevirostris and some similar - looking kenyapithecins lived in Europe shortly after the afrohominid and kenyapithecin lineages split , and so that the divergence itself may have happened there .
If he is right , our hominid ancestors lived in Europe and only later migrated to Africa , where modern humans evolved .
Advertisement
This “ into Africa ” scenario is likely to be controversial .
Critics argue that discoveries like Moyà - Solà ’s are more likely to reflect the quality of the fossil records in Africa and Europe than offer clues to the actual origins of hominids .
Jay Kelley , a palaeobiologist at the University of Illinois at Chicago , points out that the fossil record from the time in question is much better in Europe than in Africa .
“ If you ’ve got a record on one continent but not the other , naturally you ’re going to see origins of the group from the continent where you ’ve got the record , ” he says .
Journal reference : Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences ( DOI : 10.1073/pnas.0811730106 )
In response , EMI issued a statement that offered no greater clarity but hinted at a negotiation : “ Danger Mouse is a brilliant , talented artist for whom we have enormous respect .
We continue to make every effort to resolve this situation and we are talking to Brian directly .
Meanwhile , we need to reserve our rights . ”
In most cases this turn of events would signify defeat : an artist battles a record label , and his music vanishes down the memory hole .
But in the peculiar way that Danger Mouse has built his career , “ Dark Night of the Soul ” seemed to be an oblique victory , in which failure at official business can generate notoriety and , ultimately , lead to success in other endeavors .
For fans the sticker ’s winking reference to illegal downloading 
“ Dark Night of the Soul , ” like most albums in the age of leaks , is widely if unofficially available free online  was amusingly familiar .
Five years ago Danger Mouse released “ The Grey Album , ” a mash - up that used unauthorized Beatles and Jay - Z samples and became a bootleg Internet phenomenon .
The once - obscure Danger Mouse was instantly catapulted to fame , getting high - profile gigs producing Gorillaz and others ; Gnarls Barkley , his group with the singer Cee-Lo Green , scored a No. 1 hit around the world with “ Crazy . ”
“ From ‘ The Grey Album ’ on , he has proven himself a master of improvisation , ” said Jeff Chang , author of the hip - hop history “ Ca n’t Stop Wo n’t Stop . ”
“ He ’s really interesting tactically , in terms of trying to figure out how to position himself and still come out ahead . ”
In a telephone interview Danger Mouse said that he and Sparklehorse ( whose name is Mark Linkous ) had worked on “ Dark Night of the Soul ” for two years , with a plan to maximize creative input from everyone involved : they gave instrumental tracks to singers they liked  among them Iggy Pop , Suzanne Vega and Julian Casablancas of the Strokes  and asked them to add vocal parts however they saw fit .
New Harvard Business research data seems to prove something many had already figured out : Twitter is a broadcast medium , not a conversation .
So how is an essentially one - way conversation considered to be a social network ?
Does that standard also make television and radio into social networks , too ?
Across the 300,000 users studied , the median number of lifetime Tweets is one .
That means half of Twitter users tweet once every 74 days .
Which is also about the churn rate for new Twitter users , many of whom quickly leave the service .
Seemingly after tweeting only once .
On the other hand , the top 10 percent of Twitter users are responsible for 90 percent of all tweets .
If that is n't broadcasting , I do n’t know what is .
Twitter would be better served if maybe half of users were responsible for the same number of tweets .
Heavy - duty
Twits , er , Twitter users see none of this as surprising .
These folks apparently enjoy being led around by the usual cryptic 140 - character messages and truncated links that are the Twitter experience .
They are Twitter viewers , using service , typically through a Twitter app , to watch but not really contribute .
The study explains why people like myself , who would rather interact with people they know find Twitter fairly vapid .
I really do n't need to find out what some cyber celebrity is eating for lunch or thinks in funny at the moment .
On the other hand , there are some news sources that have my attention , just like on TV .
That does n't mean Twitter can't be useful and I am not going to throw the TweetDeck client I use into the trash , but the study explains how Twitter and truly interactive networks , like Facebook , are fundamentally different .
Something Facebook does n't seem to understand .
All this can change , of course , if more Twitter users were to start tweeting more often .
However , the short message limitation and meaningless URLs make Twitter a challenge for new users .
And a frustration for those who actually have something to say .
As long as Twitter mostly consists of people sending links with short descriptions attached , it will never be truly interactive .
That 's not bad thing , we should just calibrate our expectations accordingly .
David Coursey tweets more often than the median user .
Write him using the form at www.coursey.com/contact.
1931 .
Mike Sullivan and Connor Rooney are two henchmen of elderly downstate IL - based ( Quad City area , though much of the action takes place in the Chicago area ) Irish - American mobster John Rooney , Connor 's father .
In many respects , John treats
Mike more as his son , who he raised as his own after Mike was orphaned , than the volatile Connor , who nonetheless sees himself as the heir apparent to the family business .
One evening , Mike 's eldest son , twelve year old Michael Sullivan Jr. , who has no idea what his father does for a living , witnesses Connor and his father gun down an associate and his men , the situation gone wrong initiated from an action by Connor .
Caught witnessing the incident , Michael is sworn to secrecy about what he saw .
Regardless , Connor , not wanting any loose ends , makes an attempt to kill Mike , his wife and their two sons .
Mike and the surviving members of his family know that they need to go on the run as Connor , who has gone into hiding , will be protected through ... Written by Huggo
What happened ?
Simple enough .
Shawna Forde and two others [ allegedly ] invaded a home of a Hispanic family and started killing .
They killed a nine year old child and her father .
Two of three people arrested in a southern Arizona home invasion that left a little girl and her father dead had connections to a Washington state anti-illegal immigration group that conducts border watch activities in Arizona .
HOMICIDAL ARIZONA NAZI HOME INVASION TARGETS MEXICAN FAMILY – father and 9 year old daughter slain , mother survives by shooting one of the nazis in his leg , 3 nazis in police custody
Who ?
Accused ringleader Shawna Forde , Jason Eugene Bush and Arivaca resident Albert Robert Gaxiola were arrested Friday in connection with the home invasion in which Raul Flores , 29 , and his daughter Brisenia , 9 , were killed .
Forde , 41 , who has lived primarily in Everett , Wash. , was the executive director of Minutemen American Defense , and she had named Bush the " operations director " for the group 's border - watch activities along the Arizona - Mexico border
Arizona Star : 911 call in deadly home invasion released ( with audio )
Why ?
Accused ringleader Shawna Forde told her family in recent months that she had begun recruiting members of the Aryan Nations and that she planned to begin robbing drug - cartel leaders , her brother Merrill Metzger said Monday in a telephone interview from Redding , Calif .
" She was talking about starting a revolution against the United States government , " he said .
Crooks and Liars : Some ' neighborhood watch ' : Forde 's Minuteman spinoff outfit was about ' starting a revolution against the government '
I did not listen to the 911 call .
I could not .
Crooks and Liars has some text of the call and some details :
They told us that somebody had , um , escaped jail or something and they wanted to come in and look at my house or something .
And they just shot my husband .
And they shot my daughter and they shot me . " " ...
Oh my God , I can't believe they killed my family . "
She explains that the killers walked up cold - bloodedly to her daughter , 9 - year - old Brisenia Flores , as she cowered and cried , and shot her two or three times anyway .
Crooks and Liars : ' Oh my God , I can't believe they killed my family ' : Victim of Minuteman gang , on 911 call , pleads for help amid gunfire
Who is Shawna Forde and what is her connection to Republican hatemongers ?
Firedoglake tells about the connection with Republican candidates and Forde :
On June 30 , Jim Gilchrist , one of America ’s top opponents of Illegal Alien Amnesty will highlight the 2007 Washington State Illegal Immigration Summit in Everett .
The Summit should be the pinnacle Conservative event of 2007 .
snip
In addition the event is co-hosted by Minutemen American Defense , a Washington state - wide American citizen defense coalition headed by Shawna Forde , a re-born Rock promoter from the days of the music world - shaking Seattle Rock explosion .
Shawna will speak .
Representatives ( or the actual candidates ) will appear from Presidential campaigns for TOM TANCREDO , DUNCAN HUNTER and FRED THOMPSON .
Maybe someone should ask Tancredo , Hunter and Thompson what they think of the Minutemen now .
Remember , Mike Huckabee proudly accepted Jim Gilchrist 's endorsement .
And Forde was Gilchrist 's protege .
Minuteman Killer Co-Hosted Anti-Immigration Event in 2007 Featuring Tom Tancredo , Duncan Hunter and Fred Thompson
Think Progress has more :
So far , CNN ’s Rick Sanchez has been one of the few mainstream journalists to question Forde ’s connection to the larger movement against immigration .
SANCHEZ : " The nation ’s largest minuteman group has distanced itself from Forde we should say .
And we ’ve learned that within Minuteman circles she is considered a bit of a loose canon .
But you do have to wonder : how did Shawna Forde–a supposed fringe element–turn up on PBS as a player in the anti-immigration movement ? "
Think Progress
And Republicans complained about the Homeland Security Report .
Republican demogoguery on immigration issues legitimzed hate .
And a nine year old and her father died .
Dr. Tiller died .
Stephen Tyrone Johns died .
Limbaugh and others continue to spread their hate .
Lou Dobbs , you helped also , as you profited from hate .
People need to know the real face of hate : a 9 year old dying .
How many more ?
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
US President Barack Obama swatted a fly during an interview at the White House with television channel CNBC .
After killing the fly , the president said : " That was pretty impressive , was n't it ?
I got the sucker . "
Clip courtesy CNBC
What a scream !
Adrenaline junkie skates down 860 metre roller coaster ... in just 60 seconds
An adrenaline junkie has taken in - line skating to new heights and set a new world record after racing down a roller coaster at speeds of 56 mph .
Dirk Auer decided to go where no sane man or woman had gone before and skated down an 860 metre track in just over a minute .
Wearing specially designed in - line skates , the German made the attempt on the Mammoth roller coaster at the Trips Drill theme park in Stuttgart .
Adrenaline junkie Dirk Auer takes on the Mammoth roller coaster at Trips Drill theme park in Stuttgart , Germany
The 36 - year - old admitted he had placed his life at risk by performing the daredevil stunt .
' This was a very dangerous stunt because there were so many factors to consider , ' he said .
' The roller caster is wooden and so unlike rides made from iron and steel there was always a chance of the odd nail or screw that would not be entirely flat .
Travelling at speeds up to 56 mph , Auer skated the entire length of the roller coaster - 860 metres - in just over a minute
' If the skates were to catch a stray nail then I could have fallen and I would almost certainly have died . '
Spending two months planning the outrageous stunt , Mr Auer also designed and made the monster skates , which took him a total of 110 hours ' work .
But he said there was no room for error and he used 16 rolls on each shoe .
' When I reached the first drop I was 30 metres high and this allowed me to reach speeds of 90 kmh on descent . , ' he said of Saturday 's stunt .
The German built custom - made skates for the stunt and had 16 wheels on each shoe
' After this some of the sides were so high that at times I was at 90 degrees and so it was very important to have as much traction as possible .
Luckily everything went according to plan - it was a lot of fun . '
Mr Auer , from Gross - Gerau near Frankfurt , is considered to be the most extreme in - line skater in the world .
He already holds the world record for reaching speeds of 190 mph as he was dragged along behind a Porsche GT2 .
Auer makes it safely down the wooden roller coaster in just over a minute
Senate Environment and Public Works Chairwoman Barbara Boxer ( D - Calif. ) is calling on U.S. EPA to reveal the confidential locations of dozens of coal ash impoundment sites considered dangerous .
Speaking with reporters this morning , Boxer said EPA has determined that at least 44 of the hundreds of coal ash piles identified across the country pose a " high hazard , " meaning they could threaten human life if they fail -- like an impoundment that collapsed at a Tennessee Valley Authority facility late last year .
The agency collected the information on the locations from the utility companies that operate the ash disposal sites .
Boxer said EPA is notifying and working with first responders this week while conducting evaluations at the sites to determine whether there is an imminent threat of failure .
But Boxer said EPA told her the agency could not reveal the location of these 44 sites , due to concerns from the Department of Homeland Security and the Army Corps of Engineers about national security , a decision Boxer finds unsettling .
" If these sites are so hazardous , and if the neighborhoods nearby could be harmed irreparably , then I believe it is essential to let people know , " she said .
" I think secrecy might lead to inaction . "
Boxer and her committee staff have been informed of the locations of the sites , and she was permitted to inform only the senators whose states have the high hazard sites about their locations , she said .
She told reporters she is sending a letter to EPA , DHS , and the Army Corps today asking whether the public disclosure of the hazardous coal ash waste sites is consistent with the treatment of other hazardous sites , noting that locations of Superfund sites , power plants and other sites are common knowledge .
" There 's really no need to do this , " Boxer said , pledging to hold more committee hearings on coal ash .
Concern about the threat of another coal ash accident has been mounting since last year 's TVA spill , in which a retention pond at the power utility 's Kingston Fossil Plant collapsed and loosed 1.1 billion gallons of ash and sludge over Roane County , Tenn .
The spill is expected to cost more than $ 1 billion to clean up and has prompted a renewed call for tougher regulations on coal ash impoundments .
EPA Administrator Lisa Jackson has said the agency will propose coal ash regulations by the end of the year and will determine whether to reclassify byproducts of coal combustion as hazardous waste .
Boxer dismissed suggestions that there may be a need for a bill to mandate tougher regulations on coal ash storage , because she was confident EPA would do it on its own .
" They do n't need legislation if they do their job , " she said .
Copyright 2009 E&E Publishing .
All Rights Reserved .
Recently by Gary North : Keynes , Crackpots , and Deflation
I keep coming back to this theme because the non-Keynesian , hard - money deflationists keep pitching the same old deliberately deceptive statement : “ Gold ’s price rose in the Great Depression . ”
They tell their readers to buy gold .
If there is price deflation , gold ’s price will fall , unless there is a war or a non-monetary crisis .
These people never respond to my arguments .
They pretend that I have not raised this issue .
I have .
Repeatedly .
Examples :
https://archive.lewrockwell.com/north/north497.htmlhttp://www.garynorth.com/public/5115.cfm
There comes a point when readers who cannot make up their minds about who is right had better say to themselves : “ I think I had better pay no attention to the guys who refuse to respond to North ’s argument . ”
Here is my argument .
THE STORY OF A GOVERNMENT - RIGGED COMMODITYThe United States government guaranteed the dollar - price of gold from the end of World War I until August 15 , 1971 .
On that Sunday , Richard Nixon announced a new policy .
The United States government would no longer redeem dollars for gold at $ 35 / ounce when presented with dollars by foreign governments and central banks .
Until then , the world ’s gold price had a floor : $ 35 / ounce .
Gold was a rigged commodity .
It was not a free market commodity .
Nobody sold gold below $ 35 / ounce because the United States Treasury would buy gold at this price .
The United States Treasury guaranteed a market for gold .
It was not a free market .
This is always the meaning and effect of a government - guaranteed gold standard .
For as long as the investing public believes that the government will not break its contract , gold ’s price will not rise above or fall below the fixed price in the nation ’s currency , except for transportation costs , which are very low in relation to the price of gold .
Under these circumstances , gold ’s performance will be the same as money ’s performance .
The reason why gold ’s price did not fall during the price deflation of 1930 — 33 in the United States is because gold functioned as money , meaning paper money .
Paper money held outside of banks appreciated .
This is the meaning of price deflation : money appreciates .
This is why there were bank runs , 1930 — 33 .
Depositors recognized that currency held outside of banks was safer than deposit receipts from banks , which were uninsured until 1934 .
They withdrew their money .
Over 6,000 banks went under — but no New York City multinational bank .
The Federal Reserve made sure of that .
There was a time , earlier than the nineteenth century , when government money was money only because the government redeemed money at a fixed price for gold .
Gold supported the value of the government ’s money .
After World War I and especially after World War II , gold was no longer money .
It was merely a government - rigged commodity because it could be sold at a fixed price to the U.S. Treasury for money .
It was illegal for Americans to own gold bullion , from 1933 to December 31 , 1974 .
There is no government - fixed price for gold today .
Therefore , any argument based on the price of gold during the Great Depression , when gold coins were still money , is not just ill - informed ; it ’s deliberately deceptive .
The editors who keep repeating this argument know what I have argued , but they prefer to keep their readers from examining my argument .
They do not answer me .
That is because they cannot answer me without departing from the logic of free market economics : supply and demand .
Gold was not a free market commodity from 1844 , when the notes of the Bank of England were made legal tender and redeemable in gold , until August 15 , 1971 , when Nixon ended gold ’s legal redeemability for foreign governments and central banks .
Gold had a price support from the American government after the end of World War I : $ 20 an ounce through 1933 ; $ 35 after .
Roosevelt announced in 1933 that it was illegal for Americans to own gold bullion .
He forced law - abiding Americans to turn in their gold to the government at $ 20 per ounce .
Then , when the gold came in , he raised its price by 75 % , to $ 35 .
The government pocketed the difference .
This was a devaluation of the dollar .
The dollar ’s gold content was reduced by 40 % .
The Great Depression was an era of monetary deflation .
Ours is not .
The Great Depression was an era of systemic price deflation , 1930 — 33 .
Ours is not .
The Great Depression was an era of a government - guaranteed floor price for gold .
Ours is not .
Gold ’s price did not rise until the United States government ceased selling gold at $ 35 per ounce to foreign governments and central banks .
Nixon announced that policy on August 15 , 1971 .
Gold ’s price bottomed in 2001 at $ 257 .
Gold was a rotten investment , 1980 — 2001 : $ 850 to $ 257 .
Silver was worse : $ 50 to $ 4 .
Yet consumer prices rose by about 100 % .
Fact : gold did terribly in a time of steady monetary inflation and steady price inflation .
The precious metals bubble of 1979 popped in January 1980 in response to the FED ’s tighter - money policy .
Gold has never come back to its January 1980 peak : $ 2,100 in 1980 dollars .
WHO ARE THE DEFLATIONISTS ?
With the exception of old - line deflationists Martin Weiss and Robert Prechter , today ’s deflationists did not show up until a few years ago .
The deflationist argument disappeared in the two decades of declining gold prices , 1980 — 2001 .
At the same time , people who were interested in buying gold disappeared .
So did the hard - money newsletter market .
A lot of the gold bugs died .
They left their gold coins or gold mining shares to heirs , who sold them .
The handful of companies that sold gold coins in the great precious metals boom , 1976 to January 1980 , went out of business or shrank .
There were never many of these firms , probably under a dozen with significant retail sales : Investment Rarities , Blanchard & Co. , Camino Coins , and Don McAlvany .
Because gold did so poorly , 1980 to 2001 , the number of people who had heard the story of gold in 2001 was tiny .
Those who knew anything about it thought — correctly — “ popped bubble . ”
Then the monetary inflation of Greenspan ’s Federal Reserve drove up the price of gold , beginning in the second half of 2001 .
I began promoting gold once again in October 2001 .
The readers of the deflationist sites are newcomers .
They were not investors in gold from 1980 — 2001 , let along in 1970 .
They have no knowledge of the history of gold .
They have almost no understanding of basic economic theory , whether Keynesian , Friedmanian , or Misesian .
They are babes in the woods .
Lambs to the slaughter .
They are the blind who the equally blind are leading into the ditch .
They will buy gold because their deflationist guru told them to .
This is good .
Why ?
Because their deflationist guru is wrong .
There will be price inflation .
Their gold will appreciate .
MONETARY CRANKS
Recently , I wrote a long article on the primary monetary crank of the modern world : John Maynard Keynes .
It is titled “ Keynes , Crackpots , and Deflation . ”
I showed how he got his economic ideas from two men who were universally regarded as monetary cranks in Keynes ’ era .
Keynes even acknowledged that they were regarded as cranks .
Still , he praised them .
One was an engineer , C. H. Douglas .
He founded a movement called Social Credit .
The other was Silvio Gesell .
He served in the government of the one - week Bavarian Soviet Republic in 1919 .
What is a monetary crank ?
Here is what I wrote in my article :
I define a monetary crank as someone who proposes a system of causation for money different from causation for other market phenomena .
Ludwig von Mises subsumed monetary theory under the same logic that governs all market processes : Theory of Money and Credit .
In contrast , a monetary crank tells us that private property , entrepreneurship , and the forces of supply and demand explain causation in the overall economy , but then insists that money is different , that government - created and government - planned money is required to balance supply and demand for all other goods and services .
He abandons his theory of economic causation when he gets to money .
A monetary crank argues for supply and demand in the general economy .
Then he exempts monetary theory from this analysis .
The supreme monetary crank of the twentieth century was Yale professor Irving Fisher .
He was a contemporary of Mises .
He wanted pure fiat money .
He hated the gold standard .
His influence is greater today in the realm of monetary theory than anyone else .
That is because of the influence of his chief disciple , Milton Friedman .
Keynes tried to move economic theory away from strictly free market explanations of pricing , supply and demand , and employment .
In other words , he was less of a monetary crank than Fisher .
Keynes did not believe in either the pure free market or the gold standard .
Fisher believed in the free market and fiat money .
He was schizophrenic intellectually .
Fisher lost his personal fortune in the Great Depression .
He was the inventor of the Rolodex .
He lost at least $ 6 million and maybe $ 10 million .
As John Kenneth Galbraith quipped : “ This was a sizable sum , even for an economics professor . ”
He also lost his sister - in - law ’s fortune .
He became famous for this statement in September 1929 .
“ Stock prices have reached what looks like a permanently high plateau . ”
He did not understand monetary theory .
He did not understand capital markets .
He did not understand gold .
But he is still widely regarded as the number - one expert in monetary theory .
In 1933 , after he had lost his money , which the academic world knew , he persuaded a high - level academic journal to publish his essay that explained it all retroactively — which he had failed to see coming .
This article is still widely quoted and highly regarded by academic economists .
It was re-posted on the site of the Federal Bank of St. Louis .
Its title : “ The Debt - Deflation Theory of Great Depressions . ”
Non -hard money economists who worry about price deflation still quote it .
Examples :
http://tinyurl.com/nu8h3whttp://tinyurl.com/ntcs5g
But by far the most relevant reference to Fisher ’s theory was Ben Bernanke ’s famous 2002 “ helicopter ” speech .
He cited Milton Friedman on the helicopter filled with currency .
But Friedman got the idea of Fisher ’s 1933 article .
Bernanke wrote this .
Second , the Fed should take most seriously — as of course it does — its responsibility to ensure financial stability in the economy .
Irving Fisher ( 1933 ) was perhaps the first economist to emphasize the potential connections between violent financial crises , which lead to “ fire sales ” of assets and falling asset prices , with general declines in aggregate demand and the price level .
A healthy , well capitalized banking system and smoothly functioning capital markets are an important line of defense against deflationary shocks .
The Fed should and does use its regulatory and supervisory powers to ensure that the financial system will remain resilient if financial conditions change rapidly .
And at times of extreme threat to financial stability , the Federal Reserve stands ready to use the discount window and other tools to protect the financial system , as it did during the 1987 stock market crash and the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks .
Beginning in October 2008 , the FED has reacted just as he said it would .
Hard - money deflationists say the FED cannot reverse price deflation .
Bernanke said they are wrong .
But the U.S. government has a technology , called a printing press ( or , today , its electronic equivalent ) , that allows it to produce as many U.S. dollars as it wishes at essentially no cost .
By increasing the number of U.S. dollars in circulation , or even by credibly threatening to do so , the U.S. government can also reduce the value of a dollar in terms of goods and services , which is equivalent to raising the prices in dollars of those goods and services .
We conclude that , under a paper - money system , a determined government can always generate higher spending and hence positive inflation .
. . .
Thus , as I have stressed already , prevention of deflation remains preferable to having to cure it .
If we do fall into deflation , however , we can take comfort that the logic of the printing press example must assert itself , and sufficient injections of money will ultimately always reverse a deflation .
I agree with him .
This is why I think gold is a good long - term investment .
That is because I think the FED can and will inflate .
It can and will force commercial banks to lend , if only to the U.S. Treasury .
Anyone who says there are no solvent borrowers for banks to lend to is out of touch with reality : a $ 11.5 trillion Federal debt , which is growing by a trillion dollars a year .
The Treasury must roll over $ 250 billion each month .
No borrower ?
CONCLUSION
The argument that gold ’s price increased in the Great Depression and therefore will appreciate in the coming deflation is the single most misleading argument in the deflationist camp .
Do not pay any attention to this argument .
I suggest that you pay no attention to anyone who uses it , except as a convenient source of links to other people ’s articles .
In short , the guy is either incredibly ignorant about economic theory — a monetary crank — or else he is being paid to sell gold .
Gary North [ send him mail ] is the author of Mises on Money .
Visit http://www.garynorth.com.
He is also the author of a free 20 - volume series , An Economic Commentary on the Bible .
Copyright © 2009 Gary North
The Best of Gary North
News has emerged of a milestone reached on the road towards a potentially world - changing piece of technology .
We speak , of course , of US military plans to introduce roving steam - powered robots which would fuel themselves by harvesting everything alive and cramming it into their insatiable blazing furnaces .
The scheme is officially referred to as Energetically Autonomous Tactical Robot ( EATR™ ) by those behind it .
It will come as no surprise to Reg readers that the funding is from DARPA , the famous Pentagon warboffinry bureau .
If you 're a hammer , all the problems start to look like nails : if you 're DARPA , all the solutions start to look like robots .
The idea of EATR is ostensibly that military reconnaissance droids far behind enemy lines would be able to forage for fuel .
Robotic Technology Inc , lead contractor on the EATR , puts it thus :
EATR is an autonomous robotic platform able to perform long - range , long - endurance military missions without the need for manual or conventional re-fueling .
The patent pending robotic system can find , ingest and extract energy from biomass in the environment , as well as use conventional and alternative fuels ( such as gasoline , diesel , propane and solar ) when suitable .
The machine runs on a " biomass furnace " which powers a steam generator driving a " waste heat engine " from Cyclone Power Technologies .
These pieces of kit will now be mated together within 90 days , according to RTI .
The robot steamers are envisaged as being equipped with powerful articulated arms in order to rip trees or bushes out of the earth and stuff them into their glowing maws .
By way of a treat , it seems that the machines will also be able to loot or forage more conventional fuel supplies from the petrol tanks of cars , domestic gas cylinders and so on .
Cyclone says that their engine can also run happily on old apple cores , banana peel and other kitchen garbage gleaned from bins .
Hapless drivers or householders will be in no position to object to such robotic plundering : military reconnaissance vehicles are typically heavily armed , and doubtless the EATR will be no exception .
It might also be fitted with DARPA 's SELF tech , enabling it to construct copies of itself and modify its own design .
Even more disturbingly , it seems clear that the EATRs could run on various other kinds of organic matter , for instance bodies .
No doubt things would start small , with roving EATRs scooping roadkill , stray cats and such into their fireboxes and reaping fresh energy from their rich , blazing dripping .
From there it would be only a small step to the inevitable harvesting of every living thing on Earth .
Trees , crops , garbage , cattle , the very human race itself - all would go to feed the hungry roaring furnaces and drive the clanking , puffing , smoke - belching mechanical locusts onward until the sooty corpse - pall from their engines covered the entire Earth .
An Earth which would be home in time to nothing but slowly powering - down EATRs , prowling across endless ashy plains of their own droppings .
There 's a more upbeat perspective from RTI here ( pdf ) . ®
If you have n’t heard of Edge of Twilight yet , here ’s the skinny :
The game came virtually out of nowhere this past E3 , and quickly made a strong case for its inclusion in my must - buy games list with a single , awesome pair of trailers .
Being unable to find any interviews or information on the game released later than 2008 , I contacted Fuzzyeyes myself and demanded ( begged ) they answer all my questions .
Fortunately Wei-Yao Lu , the studio ’s Managing Director and all - around swell guy , obliged .
GD : I think it ’s an understatement to say that Edge of Twilight is a departure from some of your other work .
What led you to make the change ?
Did Hot Dog King ’s success allow you to take on a larger , more ambitious project ?
WL : After Hot Dog King , the team changed a lot and with new blood in our ranks we all decided it would be great to take a stab at something bigger , something more ambitious .
Initially we werenʼt sure what it would be , the initial direction changed a few times in the first year and pre-production was long , but I think it was well worth it in the end .
The story settled on a more mature direction and the steampunk setting was chosen to support this .
In a way , the story and the steampunk direction evolved together during the development and fed off each other .
GD : The recently released trailers for Edge of Twilight have frankly blown me away .
Did you produce them internally ?
WL : “ The Fall ” trailer was created by an external studio , whereas the “ Someone Special ” trailer was produced and directed internally with all in - game footage and scenes that you should expect to see in the final game .
GD : Speaking of the “ Something Special ” trailer , it in particular has me really itching to play the game .
Can we expect the game to be equally cinematic ?
At least tell me Edge of Twilight will feature liberal amounts of slow motion !
WL : That specific trailer was created in order to demonstrate the atmosphere and direction of the game .
My intention was to communicate that EoT is not just a simple action game , but a fully realized steampunk world in which players will have a number of unique gameplay experiences .
All the scenes of that trailer will indeed be seen in the game and you should also expect to see the same quality in music and writing throughout .
In fact that trailer is only scratching the surface of the level of cinematic quality we intend to deliver , both in terms of performances and presentation .
And yes , EoT will indeed feature ( some ) slow motion !
GD : Though the game is a 3rd person action - adventure game , it seems to have a more story - focused design than the majority of similar titles , which frankly is a large part of what makes the game so refreshing .
Just how much story are we talking here , closer to Metal Gear Solid or Gears of War ?
WL : Closer to Metal Gear but also very different in ambition .
Fuzzyeyes is a relatively small studio and when designing EoT we played to our strengths .
The world and background stories in it are every bit as realized as any of those games ; in fact we have often been criticized that we “ overdid it ” with the story side but in our opinion this helped us flesh out the world and thus improve the gameplay experience .
EoT wonʼt have 500 high - quality action cut-scenes , but what it will have is a well - written and smartly - presented story that may surprise some players with its depth and its demands of them .
We are treating our audience with more respect that some games do .
Rather than use story as an “ in - between ” throwaway element to the action scenes , we have instead designed the game around the idea of exploration and discovery .
Due to the non-linear gameplay structure , more of the story is revealed depending on the playerʼs involvement and choices throughout the adventure .
The more time and effort you put in , the more story and overall info you will get back ( and more gamerpoints too if you ʼre into that sort of thing ) .
GD : The setting of Edge of Twilight was another pleasant surprise ; the trailers show it to be more realized and detailed than I was expecting .
What were some of the challenges your team faced when designing the world ?
WL : It was tough to come up with a completely new and fresh world and mythos and to weave that into a competent storyline and game .
That ʼs why , as I said , we tried to evolve the story in conjunction with the art direction of the game and we ended up having both of them influence and help shape each other .
As the story and world solidified we began to extract gameplay experiences from that .
One of the core elements , and the toughest to design , was the main steampunk Citadel of the game .
From the outset we wanted players to be able to walk around this huge city with all these cool , moving steampunk elements , populated with weird and quirky people to talk to .
We wanted each and every character you meet to be unique and to have a cool , funny , sad , angry , or simply engaging story to tell .
We realized that every little bit helps to present this mood and atmosphere we wanted and we capitalized on the depth of the world and its mythos .
GD : What inspired the dichotomous setting of the game , and its story for that matter ?
WL : We chose to create a world that was fractured for a number of reasons .
Initially it was simply so we could demonstrate the divide of the two races in the game and the halfbreed nature of Lex , the main protagonist .
It was also crucial to the gameplay direction and overall structure .
The concept of two worlds is not a new one and we knew that , but we felt that it was a perfect fit for our overall experience .
We also felt that we could bring a few interesting twists to the concept of moving between worlds .
Of particular inspiration for us were the Soul Reaver games which always incorporated the two - realm mechanic flawlessly with their level design .
The two - world aspect affects many gameplay elements and ties in with the background story of the world .
Historically , one race , the Atherns , are very industrial and dependant on machines , whereas the second race , the Lithern , are much more spiritual and aligned with nature .
Accordingly , in the day realm where the Atherns have been trapped , machines are fully functional and can be operated by Lex .
When Lex moves into the night realm , these machines cease to function , forcing the player to adapt .
GD : How is the game coming along ?
Are you getting close to announcing a specific release date ?
WL : The game is coming along well and we expect to be able to reveal more information in the near future .
At this point in time we cannot announce a release date , but keep an eye out for more news coming soon !
GD : Anything new you can tell us about the game that has n’t been featured in the trailers ?
WL : In one scene of the trailer , Lexʼs night form can be seen “ manipulating ” some enemies off the ground .
In the full game he will have many more awesome , gravity - defying abilities like that available to him .
Most scenes from the trailer were taken from the Citadel and earlier regions of the game but Lex will travel to many more cool locations and will even find himself underwater at some point !
Youʼll have to play the game to see what I mean though …
Small Pox was once an incurable killer , claiming around 400 million deaths in the first half of the 20th century before its eradication .
The people who contracted it were likely to die , and had to be removed from the general population lest they spread the infection to others .
The Small Pox Isolation Ward Haikyo set into a then - remote Izu cliff - side was one such place they ’d be banished to , to endure the agonies of their disease while lying on a straw mattress in a wooden shack , looking out to the sea and waiting to die .
This was the second leg of the grand Izu haikyo road trip I took with Mike and JC , a location I ’d seen photos of in numerous books and always considered a little risky .
True , Small Pox has been eradicated , but is n’t it tempting fate to walk into a sanitarium where people once died from that disease ?
Would we be the ones to bring the disease back to life , touching an infected bed or table where the disease had lain dormant for long lonely years ?
It was n’t easy to find - chiefly because it was so old that the road it was on had long been replaced , and would only appear as a ghost on our GPS , phasing in and out of existence as we went in and out of tunnels .
The most immediate approach seemed to be to park on the bend of a very busy throughway , just before a narrow bridge and immediately after a narrow tunnel , with no obvious way into the cliff - side forest , and no clear way down .
It seemed far too dangerous to park there , so instead we searched for the old road .
It took several sweeps of the new road up and down to find it .
Eventually it emerged , at the end of an off - shoot through ramshackle houses towards the sea .
What at first seemed to be a dead - end turned out to be an avalanche - damaged road .
We climbed up onto the old greenery , pressed on , and at times saw the glimmers of the old road ’s asphalt and yellow lines peeking through beneath us .
As the going went along , it just got tougher , and we had to trail blaze along an increasingly steepening and overgrown mountainside .
After a time of this effort , we came to the tunnel .
It peeked out at us through a mess of tangled vines and bushes .
It had been fenced off , but as usual an enterprising explorer had been there before us and forced the gate open .
We went inside , clicking our flashlights on .
Inside the tunnel walls were pitted and damp , the floor covered in detritus fallen from the roof .
We progressed through , only to find the far end nearly completely blocked off by land - slide dirt , but for a small chink of light at the top .
We decided to climb for it , loose going on the unstable scree , but we made it .
At the top the going became nearly impossible , until the cliff - side we were on became virtually sheer , and we had to quit .
Returning , we decided to park a little ways up on the main highway , above the dangerous spot between the narrow bridge and tunnel .
Walking back down the road was terrifying , as cars whizzed by us really very close , and I constantly wondered if we ’d get mashed into the guard - rail like a bunch of dumb little flies .
We did n’t though , and made it to the little culvert .
Mike scouted the back end and found a path leading down , and into the Isolation Ward .
Wahaa !
It was much bigger than it first appeared , and one of the oldest and most rundown places we ’ve visited .
In every room the windows were gone , the wood degraded , the mattresses splayed in rotten straw , and bamboo stalks grew up through the floor .
In several rooms we were startled by bats , who I suppose were startled by us .
In others the wreckage had been posed and prepared as if it was waiting for us to come along and capture it .
At the top I found the main ward room , laid out with four straw mattresses on the ground side by side .
This was the shot I ’d seen in other haikyo books , and the one that assured me we ’d reached our goal .
I soon cursed though my inability to properly capture it , as without a wide lens there was no way to get the whole room in .
I had to content myself with backing up to the wall and going as wide as I could at 17 mm .
This place more than any spurred me on to buy a super - wide lens , which I now have , and will be using with gusto at future locations .
Small Pox Isolation Ward Haikyo from Michael John Grist on Vimeo .
[ nggallery id=83 ]
FACTFILE
Location – Izu
Entry –
Over an avalanched road , through a tunnel , up a cave - in , along an overgrown road , then back to the highway , pull over , walk back fearing traffic spewing from the tunnel , down the side of the bridge and in .
Highlights – Bats , hay rooms , ancient .
RUINS / HAIKYO
You can see all MJG ’s Ruins / Haikyo explorations here :
[ album id=4 template=compact ]
After four years of renting because they were priced out of the real estate market , Jamia Jenkins and Scott Renshaw concluded the time had arrived for them to buy .
They saw that home prices had dropped so fast here -- faster than in any other big city in the nation -- that mortgage payments would be less than the $ 900 they paid in rent .
The city is littered with foreclosed houses , so the couple figured they could easily snatch up something in the low $ 100,000s .
Three months later , they ’re still looking .
They have submitted 13 offers and been overbid each time .
Advertisement
“ It ’s just pathetic , ” said Jenkins , 53 .
“ Investors are going out there and outbidding everyone . ”
Phoenix ’s housing bust has turned into a quasi- boom , a sign that its market may have hit bottom and a sneak preview of what a national housing recovery could look like .
More homes are selling than at any time since 2006 .
Prices are slowly stabilizing .
Buyers are once again finding themselves in frantic bidding wars -- only this time over foreclosed houses selling at deep discounts rather than ranch homes listing for vast sums .
“ The free market is at work , ” said Shannon Hubbard , a real estate agent and blogger here .
“ Prices got driven down so much that people said , ‘ I ’m going to come out and play . ’ ”
Advertisement
Home prices continue to plummet or tread water in much of the nation , but there have been tentative signs of life .
Pending home sales rose 3.2 % nationally in April , the second month of increases after a record low in January .
John Burns Real Estate Consulting in February identified Phoenix as “ the most unique market in the nation , ” where affordability was better than at any time since 1981 and buying a house was once again cheaper than renting .
Since then , said Chris Porter , a manager at the Irvine - based firm , there have been signs of life in the Sacramento and Washington , D.C. , housing markets .
“ You ’ll start to see some markets emerge , and it ’ll be the ones that went into the downturn first , ” Porter said .
“ But it ’s going to be a slow recovery . ”
Advertisement
Phoenix experienced one of the most dramatic real estate crashes in the nation .
Median home prices for resold homes peaked at $ 268,000 in June 2006 .
Now the median price is $ 120,000 .
It is the biggest decline in the top 20 metropolitan areas tracked by the Standard & Poor ’s / Case - Shiller home price index .
The collapse was devastating in a city that has long depended on housing to power its economy .
In the last year , Phoenix lost 41,000 construction jobs and 136,000 overall , accounting for 7 % of its workforce .
Home building came to a halt .
Many illegal immigrants , discouraged by the sudden lack of jobs , returned to Mexico .
Realtors cut staff .
Home prices dropped faster and faster each month for two years .
Until March .
For the first time in two years , the decline in home prices slowed -- from 37 % in February , compared to the previous year , to a still - painful 36 % .
Advertisement
Arizona State University business professor Karl Gunterman noted the incremental slowing in a report last month , saying it could be signs of the market bottoming out .
“ Once this thing turns , it may turn slowly , ” Gunterman said in an interview .
“ But at some point I think it ’s going to pick up because prices are so low . ”
Mike Orr , a Phoenix real estate analyst , thinks the market already has hit bottom .
Among the signs :
As recently as January , a year ’s worth of homes sat on the market ; in March , that dropped to seven months ’ worth of inventory .
“ It ’s a dramatic change in just three months , ” he said .
“ I never imagined it ’d get this crazy this quickly . ”
Advertisement
Orr thinks mid- and high - priced properties still will lose value in the coming months .
“ I would n’t be investing in luxury right now , ” he said .
“ But if you ’re looking for inexpensive homes , you ’re going to have a fight on your hands . ”
In a throwback to the boom , real estate agents and investors are swapping stories of brutal competition for bottom - end homes .
Orr called on one property to find it had already received 14 bids .
Realtor David Thomas recalled getting a client in a $ 60,000 foreclosed home in the suburb of Avondale , on a street lined with vacant properties .
He recently returned to find almost all the for - sale signs gone .
Advertisement
Jenkins , who has looked at more than 80 houses , said she was being cautious not to get caught up in the frenzy .
“ It ’s going to create the same damn situation we had before , ” she said .
“ You ’re going to buy a house and it ’s not going to be worth what you paid for it . ”
Skeptics of the turnaround note that the competition for foreclosed homes may be artificial .
They argue that the number of bank - owned properties has shrunk because some lenders held off on foreclosures early in the year as they waited for President Obama to unveil his plan to aid distressed homeowners .
Some warn that a potential flood of new bank - owned properties could drive down prices further .
Advertisement
“ Good salespeople are optimistic , generally , and since I ’m a good salesperson I ’m optimistic we ’ve hit bottom , ” said real estate agent Rob Call .
“ But when I look at these numbers there ’s a lot of uncertainty .
. . .
I think we ’re going to scrape bottom for the next two to three years before we see any significant appreciation . ”
Nonetheless , real estate veterans say they are encouraged that prices , rather than speculation , are pulling buyers into the market .
That ’s what got Brandon Bumford and his fiancee , Kristin Phipps , looking for their first home .
The rent on their two - bedroom apartment , $ 1,050 , is more than the mortgage they would pay on a median - priced house in Phoenix .
“ Why waste money putting it in someone else ’s pocket when you can put it into your home ? ” said Bumford , 23 , who works in document control for Charles Schwab .
Advertisement
But for weeks , every house they looked at was sold before they could put in a bid .
“ Like all of our friends , we thought there are a million houses for sale , there must be one we can get , ” said Phipps , 20 .
Last week , they found a place that had n’t been spoken for -- a four - bedroom home in the exurb of Buckeye .
Built in 2004 , the house was originally purchased for $ 133,000 , refinanced at $ 180,000 and then unsuccessfully put on the market in 2007 for $ 292,000 .
The couple ’s offer was accepted and they expect to close at the end of the month -- for $ 110,000 .
--
Advertisement
nicholas.riccardi@latimes.com
There have been many comparisons to the past with our current recession .
For the most part , people are trying to find something familiar so they can have a better sense of where we are heading .
The only problem is that there is n’t much in our own history to guide us forward .
This is a unique and deep recession unlike anything we have seen since World War II .
When I put together a post highlighting that 24,700,000 Americans are unemployed or underemployed some people questioned the actual number .
The only issue is that this number is from official government data which if we look at the stress tests , tend to be conservative .
Even with government data , 7 states have now broken statewide historical unemployment averages .
Those states are :
Oregon : 12.1 %
South Carolina : 11.4 %
California : 11.2 %
North Carolina : 10.8 %
Rhode Island : 10.5 %
Florida : 9.7 %
Georgia : 9.2 %
Now of course if we go back to the Great Depression I ’m sure we will see higher rates but we did n’t standardize data gathering back then .
Much of our accurate data comes from the increased economic and social science study that occurred after the devastation brought on by the Great Depression .
If we were to map the unemployment rate on a nationwide map this is what it would look like :
You ’ll notice that most of the devastation is hitting on both coasts .
In fact , 6 out of the 7 states breaking statewide unemployment rates are on the coast .
The Bureau of Labor and Statistics is now publishing select data on the U - 6 measure of unemployment for certain timeframes .
This is important because the media now realizes that the true employment situation is reflected in the U - 6 figure .
That is , those who are working part - time and looking for full - time work should n’t be counted as full - time employed .
The difference between the headline U - 3 number and the U - 6 number is nearly double .
That is why this recession feels much more profound than the 8.9 percent headline number .
If we run the numbers , a few states now have U - 6 rates above 20 percent putting them near depression levels .
Let us first take a look at the data to build our model :
Now you need to know that the above data runs from Q2 of 2008 to Q1 of 2009 and is averages .
Since the unemployment rate has increased drastically over the last few months , the U - 3 and U - 6 data is much higher today .
But using these averages we can get a good estimate to what the current U - 6 data for each state is with the latest figures .
We will try to figure out the current U - 6 data for three states .
We will look at Michigan , California , and Florida .
To figure out the current U - 6 estimate , let us use the estimates provided by the BLS :
California :
( 8.3 / 15.6 = 11.2 / x )
Florida :
( 7.3 / 13.8 = 9.7 / x )
Michigan :
( 9.5 / 17.2 = 12.6 / x )
The BLS even tells us that there is a close relation between all measures :
“ Generally , all six measures move together over time , including across business cycles .
Similarly , states that have high official unemployment rates tend to have high values for the other five measures ; the reverse is true for states with low unemployment rates . ”
We would expect this .
That is why in the current data , the U - 3 unemployment rate nationwide is 8.9 percent while the U - 6 figure is 15.8 percent .
If we solve for the above we get the following U - 6 rate for the three states :
U -6 :
Florida : 18.3 %
California : 21 %
Michigan : 22.8 %
Is this too hard to believe ?
The average data already tells us that California is at 15.6 percent and Michigan is at 17.2 percent and we do n’t even include the most devastating employment losses of 2009 .
Some states are already seeing unemployment situations that are rivaling Great Depression numbers and what do you think will happen to a state like Michigan with two of the big three automakers now bankrupt or on the verge ?
That is why we are living through a new austerity and we will not be seeing a 2nd half recovery , certainly not in the 7 states with record unemployment rates .
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today ’s challenging market !
Thatcher 's rants and musings 2009
rants index : current | 2016 archive | 2015 archive | 2014 archive | 2013 archive | 2011 archive | 2009 archive | 2008 archive | 2007 archive | 2006 archive | 2005 archive | 2004 archive | 2003 archive | 2002 archive
# permalink
26 Aug 2009
Hot - rodding the Voloci
I did a fun basement project this summer , taking my Voloci electric motorbike and upping the voltage to 48V , using a new and great LiFePO4 e- bike battery .
Read all about it .
# permalink
22 June 2009
Misc
Amazing game : http://windosill.com
I 'm down in the basement listening to Aerosmith 's " Get Your Wings " .
I 've been listening to MP3s through headphones for so long , I 've forgotten how awesome classic rock sounds coming off vinyl into a real amplifier through real speakers .
This particular album plus the speakers are probably the key ingredients .
I 'll find out a little later when I blast some MP3s .
# permalink
14 June 2009
The A.G's and Bob Edwards in Flint MI
Shameless nostalgia but I find it pretty funny .
Back in 1992 we pulled into Flint MI and encountered one very memorable Bob Edwards .
By some stroke of fate the moment was preserved , and now I share it with you :
# permalink
20 April 2009
Movie Awards
I have n't done movie awards since early 2007 so this list covers movies I saw in 2007 and 2008 .
I only give awards for movies I saw in a theater .
Best Picture -- The Wackness
Second Best Picture -- Superbad
Third Best Picture -- In Bruges
Judd Apatow Honorable Mentions -- Knocked Up , Role Models , Pineapple Express , Forgetting Sarah Marshall
Best Big Budget Hollywood Superhero Movie -- Iron Man
Best Big Budget Hollywood Sci Fi Movie -- I Am Legend
Best Heist Movie -- The Bank Job
Best French Thriller -- Tell No One
Best Hollywood Movie With An African Setting -- Blood Diamond
Best Jerry Bruckheimer Production -- Deja Vu
Oscar Winner That For Once Is Watchable -- Slumdog Millionaire
Worst Waste Of Talent -- The Ex
Cheesiest Movie -- Vicky Christina Barcelona
Most Tedious Art Flick -- Rachel Getting Married
I think I saw all the worthy Hollywood product in 2007 and 2008 .
A bold claim , I know .
Tell me what I missed and prove me wrong .
# permalink
8 April 2009
Google Earth Tours
This is cool .
We just released an updated Google Earth Browser Plugin that supports KML tours .
Below is a re-enactment of the Flight 1549 crash , with the cockpit and tower audio synchronized with the flight path of the plane .
The tour was put together by Jeral Poskey ( blog post ) .
Unlike a video , you can move the viewpoint around while the tour is playing .
( Note : if you experience choppiness in the audio , pause the tour for a minute or two to let the audio load in , and then restart the tour . )
Other good tours include Ira Flatow doing Introduction to Mars and Bill Nye 's Mars Exploration .
# permalink
23 March 2009
Keeping Score
I do n't think this is common knowledge , probably because nobody outside engineering cares , but engineers are a competitive bunch .
We tend to measure our skills and accomplishments against other engineers , and rank each other , implicitly and sometimes explicitly .
( Aside : when I say " engineer " , think " programmer " .
I always used to think it was a little wrong to refer to programmers as engineers , but my current employer has infected my brain with the term and now I hardly notice . )
Anyway , although we like to rank ourselves against each other , I think we often get the criteria wrong .
There is definitely a sense of someone 's ability or capacity that comes from being exposed to their work , that would be hard to quantify but is very real , and that most programmers would roughly agree on .
However , while ability and capacity are interesting , I do n't think they are necessarily good measures of utility .
I 've seen some really stupid counter - productive stuff done by very brilliant people .
Likewise , some of the most effective things are done by programmers of seemingly modest skills .
Is there some objective metric by which we can rank the effectiveness of a programmer ?
It 's a complicated multidimensional problem -- there are so many competing ways to evaluate a program .
There 's time to market , market penetration , revenue , elegance , performance , user - friendliness , etc -- it does n't seem like there could be a good metric that fairly takes it all into account .
But , I have such a metric .
It 's very simple :
Your worth as a programmer is proportional to the total number of processor cycles consumed by your code .
It probably sounds crazy to you , but I think it 's great .
My argument is that if a program is useful , people will choose to run it .
The more useful it is , more and more people will run it , and they 'll run it more often .
People " pay " to run a program by using up their finite CPU cycles running it -- it 's a competitive situation , where self - interested humans make the choices .
Objection
But that rewards slow bloatware !
Response
No it does n't .
All other things being equal , slow code is displaced by fast code , if performance is at all important .
Look at the efforts that go into finding and optimizing the parts of a program that consume the most cycles .
If the cycle - hogs are useless overhead , they get eliminated altogether .
If the cycle - hogs have a core of irreducible useful work , the bloat may be removed , but the core still gets executed , presumably a lot .
If performance is n't important , then slowness is not the right metric anyway , and the cycles go to the program that solves the most pressing real - world problem earliest or quickest or cheapest or most conveniently or whatever .
It may be a little unfair to compare programs across genres , like , why should TurboTax score lower than Windows Solitaire , just because tax season comes but once a year ?
On the other hand , what better way to balance the relative value of bean - counting against time - wasting , than by comparing cycles executed ?
It 's also cruel to major efforts that resulted in low usage ( a scenario close to my heart ) .
To that I say -- utility does n't care how hard you work , it cares how useful your work is .
If people do n't use it , then it 's not useful .
You wasted your time .
Sorry .
Anyway , you can work out the other implications for yourself .
Put your objections in the comments and I 'll see if I can rebut them .
# permalink
17 March 2009
Old TectrixVR Press
Happy St. Patrick 's Day .
In honor of the holiday , I scanned some more junk from the basement , this time some press articles about Tectrix from 1994 .
# permalink
1 March 2009
HTML 5 Awesomeness
Dean McNamee recently clued me into the potential of the < canvas > tag for doing 3D graphics in pure HTML +
Javascript , without any plugins .
Chrome 's V8 Javascript engine really helps unlock it , because you can afford much more Javascript math .
I just whipped up an example of perspective - correct texture mapping .
This is just the tip of the iceberg !
# permalink
31 January 2009
Two Bits
I just finished reading Two Bits : The Cultural Significance of Free Software by Christopher Kelty ( see http://twobits.net).
It 's an academic anthropology book about ( what I would call ) open source software development .
For a long time , on the basis of peripheral contact with my circle of online buddies , Julie ( a professional Historian / Anthropologist ) has said that somebody needs to do an anthropological study of the world of computer geeks , and what do you know , here 's one .
Julie bought it for work , read some , then passed it off to me for my professional geek opinion .
It was an interesting read .
I 'm not an anthropologist and some of the verbage went right over my head .
But I did learn some things from it :
The concept of a " recursive public " .
Kelty apparently coined this phrase , and makes a big deal of it , though I 'm still not 100 % sure I know exactly what he means by it .
I think he means that the actual infrastructure of the world of free software is self - created .
I.e. participants communicate using email and source - control systems and web servers / browser and so on , which themselves are artifacts of open source software development ( some of them , anyway ) .
This is distinct and deeper than just social conventions / rules created and observed by a community .
It 's possible I 'm distorting his intent though because he gets a bit theoretical when he talks about it , and applies it to things that I do n't think quite fit my definition .
His observation that geeks fall on a spectrum ranging from " Polymath " through " Transhuman " .
Polymaths , according to Kelty , have wide technical and non-technical interests ( " avowed dilettantism " ) and tend to have a wholistic , humanist outlook , and see technology as an opportunity to influence the non-technical sphere .
Transhumanism " focuses on the power of technology to transcend the limitations of the human body as currently evolved . "
Transhumans tend to believe in the " singularity " , " the point at which the speed of technical progress is faster than human control over the course " .
I do n't really buy that this is the principal axis of geek differentiation ( and also , Transhumans give me the creeps ) , but it's an interesting characterization , that pins down and labels some concepts I was vaguely aware of .
Good accounts of the evolution of Unix , including some stories about Ken Thompson and the Lions Book and stuff like that , but also up through the whole mess in the 80's and early 90's of the competing corporate consortiums that attempted to unify Unix , which eventually got overwhelmed by Linux .
He also explains the GNU prehistory , including various versions of Emacs and how that led to Stallman flipping his wig and starting the GNU project .
I had a vague idea of some of these stories , but Kelty gives a very clear account with many details that were new to me .
Some discussion about whether open source communities have " norms " , in the anthropological sense .
I do n't really know what this means , but Kelty makes it sound important and interesting .
There 's some discussion about how the Scientific Method exists more in theory than in practice , in contrast to the methods of open source , which exist very concretely in practice and perhaps less in theory .
Anyway , I can't really do justice to what he says but it might be significant .
A funny anecdote about Eric Raymond , who famously enlisted some concepts from Anthropology in his Cathedral Vs The Bazaar essay .
I always suspected Raymond was mostly full of crap , and Kelty , a genuine professor of Anthropology , comes through , as he contemplates their incipient meeting : " Visions of a mortal confrontation between two anthropologists - manque filled my head .
I imagined explaining point by point why his references to self - organization and evolutionary psychology were misguided , and how the long tradition of economic anthropology contradicted basically everything he had to say about gift - exchange . "
It gets better ; the whole anecdote is worth reading .
# permalink
27 January 2009
More Sinkhole albums free online
I finally got around to compiling the content and getting permission , and have posted Sinkhole 's other two albums under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 license .
Space Freak is our second full - length , and Retrospectacles is our fourth , a combination EP / Greatest Hits record .
These are the two that were released on Doctor Strange Records , and personally , I think they 're our best two albums , although other members of Sinkhole might disagree .
Turn it up man !
# permalink
26 January 2009
More Google Fanboyism
We had a plumbing scare in Oak Bluffs due to an empty oil tank and cold weather .
Our plumbing was fortunately saved in the nick of time by hero Mark R .
I had been thinking for a while about setting up some kind of remote temperature surveillance to provide peace of mind during the cold months , and this incident finally caused me to do something about it .
I bought one of these guys , along with a temperature sensor .
I figured I could find a way to have it email my web server , or I could poll it via HTTP or something like that .
The device came , and I plugged it in etc .
There 's a router - like web interface that has graphs and such , which is fine , except I was n't too eager to open a hole in my firewall and expose this thing 's admin interface to the Internets .
As I feared , the SMTP options were n't quite compatible with my constraints ; the SensorProbe2 can do authenticated SMTP , but not the POP - before - SMTP scheme that my web host uses , and not the elaborate stuff that the gmail relay would need .
I may live to regret this , but I ended up using SNMP to poll the temperature value .
I have a cron job set up on my web host that polls the value , keeps a temperature history , and writes some html and xml to show the history & status .
I 'm using the Google Chart API to draw a graph , like so :
The live html chart is here and the xml version is here .
What good is the xml ?
I have it on the top of my iGoogle page , so above the NYC and Oak Bluffs weather , I can see the actual temperature in our house .
So can you , for that matter .
Currently , the thermometer is actually showing the temperature near my window in NY , but someday soon it will be in MA .
# permalink
9 January 2009
Google FriendConnect
I 've wanted this for like a million years : a web service that lets you embed comments in an arbitrary web page , and handles all the data storage and other messy stuff like sign-ins and whatnot .
Guess what ?
Google has come through with Google FriendConnect .
To try it out , I did some furious hacking on Textweb .
It did n't take very long ; kudos to the FriendConnect team for making it almost completely painless ( so far ) .
Anyway , you can log in using a Google or Yahoo account ( plus some others ) , and post comments .
# permalink
3 January 2009
Short String Optimization
Happy New Year !
Won Chun and I came up with a clever way to squeeze an extra byte of storage into the C++ " short string optimization " .
Quick review : a vanilla C++ string is a class that contains a string length , a pointer to a memory buffer , and a buffer capacity .
The buffer is the sequence of bytes that make up the string , and is compatible with C strings , meaning the last byte is 0 .
Normally , the buffer is allocated on the heap , and is resized on demand when the string is changed , so that the buffer capacity is always large enough to hold the string .
On a 32 - bit machine , the C++ class instance itself ( not including the allocated buffer ) normally is at least 12 bytes : 4 bytes each for length , buffer * and capacity .
The Short String Optimization adds a small byte buffer directly in the string class .
If the string length is short enough , the bytes are stored directly in the string instance itself instead of allocated on the heap .
There are different ways of doing this , but one of the better ways is to overlay the local buffer on top of the buffer * and capacity fields that are only needed by the heap buffer .
E.g. :
class string { ... private : union { struct { unsigned char local_length ; char local_buffer [ 15 ] ; } local_data_ ; struct { unsigned char flag_value ; // set to 0xFF when using heap_data_ char * buffer ; size_t length ; size_t capacity ; } heap_data_ ; } ; } ;
That gives sizeof ( string ) ==16 , the local buffer is 15 bytes , and the max local string length is 14 ( i.e. not counting the terminating 0 char ) .
( In practice , STLport and some other STL libs are less size - conscious than that , and do n't reuse fields to that extent . )
Anyway , we think strings should be as efficient as possible .
So we improve this slightly , expanding the local buffer to use the full 16 bytes .
We do it like so :
class string { ... private : union { struct { unsigned char local_buffer [ 15 ] ; unsigned char fifteen_minus_length ; } local_data_ ; struct { char * buffer ; size_t length ; size_t capacity ; int dummy ; } heap_data_ ; } ; } ;
Our clever twist is to store ( 15 - length ) when using local data , and put that byte at the end of the local struct .
So , when length == 15 , ( 15 - length ) == 0 , and that means the fifteen_minus_length byte serves double duty as both the length field and the terminating 0 byte !
All 15 local_buffer [ ] bytes are used for string data !
When not using local_data , we fill fifteen_minus_length with a flag value like 0xFF , and the heap_data fields are active .
This trick is implemented and tested in tu_string here and it seems to work fine .
Also it 's parameterized so that you can safely try different sizes for the local buffer , and it should compile and work correctly on 64 - bit machines , etc .
Hot !
rants index : current | 2016 archive | 2015 archive | 2014 archive | 2013 archive | 2011 archive | 2009 archive | 2008 archive | 2007 archive | 2006 archive | 2005 archive | 2004 archive | 2003 archive | 2002 archive
Hoping for a more exciting life than the suburban drawl he currently inhabits , nerdy salary man Morgan Sullivan takes a job as an industrial spy at Digicorp , a global computer corporation .
Digicorp assigns him the duty of flying to various conventions around America , recording the speeches that are made .
But when Sullivan meets a mysterious woman he begins to realize that his job may not be what it seems , as he descends into a dark underworld of brainwashing and struggles to maintain his own identity .
Written by beansproutlord@yahoo.com.au
Engineers expect contact to be lost with Ulysses very soon
After more than 18 years studying the Sun , the plug is finally being pulled on the ailing spacecraft Ulysses .
Final communication with the joint European - US satellite will take place on 30 June .
The long - serving craft , launched in October 1990 , has already served four times its expected design life .
The Esa - Nasa mission was the first to survey the environment in space above and below the poles of the Sun.
Data from the craft , published last year , also suggested that the solar wind - the stream of charged particles billowing away from the Sun - is at its weakest for 50 years .
" We expected the spacecraft to cease functioning much earlier , " said Paolo Ferri of the European Space Agency ( Esa ) .
" Although it is always hard to take the decision to terminate a mission , we have to accept that the satellite is running out of resources and a controlled switch - off is the best ending . "
Long life Ulysses has already defied the odds several times .
In its 18 - year life , the mission has been extended four times .
But its protracted mission has taken its toll .
Ulysses ' main transmitter no longer works and its back - up systems are also beginning to fail .
Last year , the space agencies finally announced that they were finally ready to pull the plug after the satellite 's power supply had weakened to the point where the craft could no longer prevent its hydrazine fuel from freezing .
Engineers believed the craft would become uncontrollable and its end of life was scheduled for 1 July 2008 .
However , mission scientists came up with a short - term fix whereby the fuel could be kept circulating by performing a short thruster burn every two hours .
The ingenious fix gave the craft another year of life .
But , now , scientists believe it is time to switch off the mission .
In particular , they feel the scientific return has reached a level where it is hard to justify the operational costs .
Final communication with the craft will begin at 1635 GMT and run until 2120 GMT on 30 June , after which no further contact is planned .
The craft will in effect become a man-made comet .
" [ It ] will be a very sad day when we send the last commands to Ulysses , " said Nigel Angold , Esa Mission Operations Manager .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
July 21 , 2009  --
Senators put the brakes on a controversial effort to buy seven pricey fighter jets with taxpayer money today , avoiding a showdown that had promised to set the stage for President Obama 's first potential veto .
In a victory for the president , the Senate voted 58 - 40 to remove $ 1.75 billion for the F - 22 jets from a bill being considered on Capitol Hill .
Money to buy the radar - evading fighter planes that have not seen combat in Iraq or Afghanistan will not be included in the Senate version of this year 's defense authorization measure .
Both the president and Defense Secretary Robert Gates expressed their satisfaction shortly after the vote .
Obama immediately said he was " grateful " to the Senate for its vote , calling funding for F - 22s " an inexcusable waste of money . "
" Secretary Gates appreciates the careful consideration Senators have given to this matter of national security and he applauds their bipartisan support to complete the F - 22 program at 187 planes , " Pentagon Press Secretary Geoff Morrell in a statement .
" He understands that for many members this was a very difficult vote , but he believes that the Pentagon cannot continue with business as usual when it comes to the F - 22 or any other program in excess to our needs . "
Both the Pentagon and the White House had urged lawmakers not to fund the plane , threatening a veto if senators kept the money in the measure .
But lawmakers from several states where the aircraft is made said the project creates jobs back home .
For that reason , it was a debate that did not split neatly down party lines .
Obama sided with former rival , Arizona Republican Sen. John McCain , in hopes of removing the funding .
Sens. Christopher Dodd , D - Conn. , Joe Lieberman , I - Conn. , and Saxby Chambliss , R - Ga. , were adamant about keeping the money in the bill .
Today an impassioned Dodd called the successful effort to remove funding for the F - 22 " a dangerous amendment , " adding , " The F - 22 , by any estimation , is the most superior aircraft in the world . "
Dodd warned that removing money for the jet would cost his state 2,000 to 4,000 jobs , in addition to several thousand more job losses elsewhere .
" In a time when unemployment rates are skyrocketing , this body is about to lay off anywhere from 25,000 to 90,000 people , " Dodd said before the vote .
" The F - 22 has not flown one mission over Afghanistan or Iraq because it is not designed to meet the challenges we are currently facing , " Sen .
Ted Kaufman , D - Del. , countered today on the Senate floor .
As senators debated the F - 22 money for two hours this morning , Kaufman added that the jet was made for " the wars of the past -- the wars we 've already won . "
" What I have not heard [ from members of Congress ] is a substantive reason for adding more aircraft in terms of our strategic needs , " Gates said Monday .
" Some of the wheeling and dealing on the Hill , of a few hundred million here and a few hundred million there , for a pet project here and pet project there , confront us with ever more difficult choices when we 're trying to make trade - offs in terms of how do we help our soldiers out -- how do we relieve the stress on the force , " Gates said .
" The money 's gotta come from somewhere . "
The administration has argued that the money could be put to better use for weapons like F - 35 planes designed to be used by the Air Force , Marines , and Navy as well as key American allies .
The F - 35 fighter jet program that could eventually number 2,443 planes and cost $ 1 trillion .
On Monday , Gates said that by axing the program to fund the F - 22 , there " would be a substantial increase in the number of jobs in the aerospace industry . "
" The F - 35 already has 38,000 employees , " Gates said .
" That will go to 64,000 in FY '10 and 82,000 in FY ' 11 if we do n't drain money away from it . "
" To continue to procure additional F - 22s would be to waste valuable resources that should be more usefully employed to provide our troops with the weapons that they actually do need , " Obama wrote in July 13 letters to Sens. McCain and Carl Levin , D - Mich. , urging them to remove the funding .
Debate over other elements of the broad defense bill will continue throughout the week on the Senate floor .
Full House and Senate Committee Have Voted for F - 22s
The president 's veto threat paid off .
In late June , a White House statement said " the President 's senior advisors would recommend a veto " if the bill sent to the president 's desk contained F - 22 money .
That statement said the White House " has serious concerns with a number of provisions that could constrain the ability of the Armed Forces to carry out their missions , that depart from Secretary Gates ' decisions reflected in the President 's Fiscal Year 2010 Budget which carefully balanced fiscal constraints , program performance , strategic needs and capabilities , or that raise other issues . "
" I think the President has outlined projects , as well as the Secretary of Defense , that he believes are not necessary spending , " White House press secretary Robert Gibbs said June 25 .
A total of 187 of the F - 22 jets are already under contract but Gates has said it is n't logical to order more .
" That is all that we need to buy , that is all we can afford to buy and that is all we should buy , " Levin agreed today on the Senate floor .
But other lawmakers who ultimately lost the debate felt otherwise .
" The Air Force has repeatedly warned that stopping this program at 187 aircraft would place our nation at ' higher risk ' , and that is not a risk I am willing to accept , " Lieberman said in a statement when a Senate committee approved the measure .
" Continued production of the F - 22A will guarantee that we have balanced combat air forces in the future to support the transition between the F - 22A and F - 35 Joint Strike Fighter programs . "
" It is regrettable that the administration needs to issue a veto threat for funding intended to meet a real national security requirement that has been consistently confirmed by our uniformed military leaders , " Chambliss said June 25 .
On June 25 , the House passed its $ 680 billion version of the defense authorization bill with an F - 22 provision included .
Unlike the Senate version , the House version calls for the government to buy additional parts for the F - 22 , but does n't specify how many aircraft should be purchased .
On June 26 , the Senate Armed Services Committee approved the bill , sending it to the full Senate after voting in favor of more F - 22s .
Some lawmakers have also said F - 22s could help protect the nation from seaborne cruise missiles and Somali pirates .
Gates said last week that fending off pirates is " a job we know is better done by three Navy SEALs . "
Back in April , Gates announced plans to cut programs from the Defense Department that no longer made sense , including the plan to eliminate the F - 22 fighter program as expected .
His proposed changes needed to be approved by Congress before taking effect .
" We stand at a crossroads , " Gates said last week .
" We simply cannot risk continuing down the same path -- where our spending and program priorities are increasingly divorced from the very real threats of today and the growing ones of tomorrow . "
ABC News ' Jake Tapper and Devin Dwyer contributed to this report .
[ Promoted by Meteor Blades ]
Like many in this community , my heart is heavy today .
There have been many great diaries that talk about Dr. Tiller 's years of service to women , and the threats he has endured throughout the last years of his life .
My story is a bit more personal and I want to share it with all of you to give you more insight into the man .
In 1975 my Mom noticed an indention in her left breast .
She called and made an appointment with her OB / GYN , Dr. George Tiller .
After his initial examination , he ordered a biopsy .
While performing the biopsy he immediately knew that the lump was cancerous .
Instead of just closing and scheduling surgery , he “ grabbed a handful ” , his words not mine .
Her cancer Dr. credited this quick thinking by Dr. Tiller with saving her life , and due to this she did n’t even have to undergo chemotherapy .
Several years later my Mother and I were driving by his clinic in Wichita .
Mom started complaining of chest pains , so I drove into his parking lot and ran in to get help .
Dr. Tiller was by Mom ’s side immediately , and stabilized her , before the heart attack could cause severe damage .
In 1980 I was pregnant with my first child .
I had no insurance and could n't afford a doctors appointment until I was approved for a medical card ..
Mom told Dr. Tiller and he brought me into his office where he examined me , free of charge .
I can credit him with the very first picture taken of my son .
The last story I have to share is about my friends who could not have children .
Dr. Tiller ’s office worked with several attorneys in the Wichita area to provide adoption services for his patients who wanted this option .
My friends have a 10 yr. old boy now , who is loved and adored .
I ’m not a great writer , so I apologize that this is n’t nearly as eloquent as some of the diaries on Daily Kos .
I just wanted to get this story out to you , so you could hear how this man was n’t just a tremendous fighter for women 's rights .
He was a brilliant physician , and a kind and compassionate human being .
RIP Dr. Tiller and thank you for all you did for my friends and my family .
Finally after lots of speculations for Augmented reality coming to iPhone , it ’s Official .
Apple today promised that the upcoming iPhone firmware 3.1 will be the first one to officially support Augmented Reality Apps that support the iPhone 3GS ’ camera .
What we are not sure of at this moment is whether Apple meant just 3GS or all of them .
But I guess it would be just 3GS as Augmented Reality demands more processing power and good camera .
If you are new to Augmented Reality , check the related stuff here .
Why Augmented Reality is needed on iPhone
AR can take the virtual life into Real life .
AR is believed to be much better and tougher than Virtual reality .
iPhone developers and users excited by the prospect of augmented reality apps , which overlay information and controls on top of real - world objects seen through a camera , have been told to sit tight until the next release of the iPhone OS exits beta .
Although iPhone 3.1 has so far only been known to expose some video camera controls for developers , third - party producer Acrossair was told by Apple that the future release would be needed for its Nearest Tube and future Nearest Subway apps to work properly .
The apps are already highly dependent on the built - in compass and auto - focusing camera of the iPhone 3GS , both of which are needed to alternately recognize the direction the iPhone is facing as well as to get a detailed enough look at a subject to tag it with information .
As a demonstration of the technology , Acrossair ’s software can show the subway stops visible in a particular direction and their distance relative to the user .
Unofficially , iPhone 3.1 is anticipated to be ready by early September .
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
please wait ...
Rating : 0.0/10 ( 0 votes cast )
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
e Bay online mart is well - known among those who use internet for their various ventures and it requires preparation in form of self - assessment before entering in this ultimate platform for selling products to save themselves from losses .
And if seller is already doing business on eBay , then there is a variety of services provided by the world ’s one of the most popular buying selling online platform eBay such as eBay store design , eBay auction design , eBay design services etc .
Tips for the regular sellers
A regular seller should customize business on eBay by setting custom eBay Store Design , custom eBay Auction design and a custom website .
eBay stores is the place which can be optimize by the seller as he wants , for making the eBay store more productive seller can avail the customized services from any eBay store designing company .
For making the eBay store really a branded selling machine and pushing your business to next level seller should make it customize according to its business type & size .
An eBay store holders should use all the modern selling techniques from appropriate logo to listing templates according to new eBay trends .
As presentation is all about in the online selling and use of different selling techniques at regular intervals of time as well as store holder should not forget about most important aspect of online selling like optimizing the store for major search engines .
Make your store such a capable or optimize it in such a way that can be found very easily on eBay searches .
For not letting the competition ahead a potential & smart seller should use customized eBay Auction Design to impress the customer with own custom branding of products .
Use custom marketing & promotional tools and automate your work for making eBay business a money generating machine .
Tips for the fresh sellers
According to experienced sellers and intellectuals of online selling confirms fact about the difference in regular selling and selling products by using eBay platform because every system follows certain set of rules & regulations for doing business .
According to regular sellers on eBay , fresh sellers should be very conscious before entering on eBay for selling theirs products such as deep study of their own market .
Fresh sellers must know about their customers well , to whom they are going to sell their products , their likings , their potential to buy and most importantly idea about their strength .
Second most important aspect of selling on eBay is a correct product and complete knowledge of product to present and describe efficiently , try to deliver as much as information about product to convince the buyer for making purchase .
Supplement product of your main product is another necessary rule of selling on eBay , up - selling is great sales technique if implemented correctly at right time .
Cross - selling concept is also should be included in the selling process as it helps in attracting buyers for the extra benefits in form of extra services or additional product .
Seller should know his / her financial limits before entering in such a high profile and mature online markets like eBay .
Awareness about investment on the right place and at right time is essential to be at safer end such spending money on marketing & promotional activities is necessary within the financial limits .
Research & development is very necessary before introducing yourself in standard online market like eBay .
Anyone can extract information regarding selling on eBay or other popular online business platforms by reading the related stuff by the industry experts or regular online sellers .
Internet is full of selling tips , guiding literature in form of articles , blogs , and tutorials , to sell productively on the online platforms .
Finally , there is numerous web development companies can help in designing customized eBay store , customized eBay auction design and customized website for making the online selling smooth venture .
Manohara Odelia Pinot , a model , has not been scared of the limelight A Malaysian prince is suing his Indonesian wife and her mother over their claims he tortured his teenage bride during their year - long marriage .
Tengku Temenggong Tengku Mohammad Fakhry , has filed a defamation suit in Malaysia 's High Court .
He is seeking $ 30 m ( £ 18 m ) in damages from Manohara Odelia Pinot and her mother , the prince 's lawyer said .
Ms Pinot returned to Indonesia in May and said Mr Fakhry had slashed her with razor blades and sexually abused her .
The 17 - year - old alleged she had been held captive in her room and drugged whenever she complained .
She told Indonesian media that she escaped while accompanying the state royal family on a trip to Singapore and filed a police report in Indonesia shortly afterward .
The scandal has captured widespread media attention in both Malaysia and Indonesia .
' Reputation tarnished '
Mr Fakhry 's lawsuit accuses Ms Pinot and her mother , Daisy Fajarina , of concocting the allegations " out of spite ... motivated by a desire of financial gains , " the prince 's lawyer , Mohamad Haaziq Pillay , said .
" They have made my client out to be a monster and his reputation has been tarnished .
My client is keen to get to the truth of the matter and clear his name , " he told the Associated Press .
" Anyone can say anything but do they have proof ?
This is the time for them to come forward and prove their allegations , " Malaysian state news agency Bernama quoted Mr Pillay as saying .
The two women , who are in Indonesia , have 21 days to respond to the suit , or the case could go on in their absence .
The prince married the teenager last year after she turned 16 , but her mother has said Ms Manohara was kidnapped .
The prince has since petitioned for a divorce .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Obama administration has been greeted with enthusiasm by scientists who see the potential for “ research - based policy . ”
Reason , not ideology , will govern .
The New Scientist , among other zines , headlines “ Let Science Rule : the Rational Way to Run Societies . ” ( May 28 , p. 40 - 43 )
This is part of a larger theme : Behavioral economics is taking off .
One commonly offered example of policy fixes that are crying out for a research - based approach is sex education .
Abstinence - only sex education programs are well - taxpayer -- funded at the federal , state , and international level .
And they do n’t work , either for HIV prevention or pregnancy prevention .
What advocates of abstinence perhaps forgot is that the social context in which abstinence was preached with some success to upper - middle - class Victorian young ladies ( not the young men , even the Victorians had more sense than that ) were perpetually accompanied by adult chaperones .
( The cost was horrendous … the innocent Victorian young ladies would be infected with venereal diseases by their husbands , and they and their babies would suffer and often die without ever being told what was wrong or how it could have been prevented ) .
Done .
Criminal law also could reap substantial benefits from a research - based approach .
I have written elsewhere about the problems of ignoring deterrence research in copyright .
But it gets harder .
The key problem :
There is research , and then there is research .
Much of it is done by advocates or just people who are careless with their assumptions .
Some of these people might not even be aware of the extent to which they are advocates .
Examples :
One is the EU FLOSS Report , which I was reading the other day .
Some interesting data , but the authors are so busy making the case for open source they neglect key questions .
Such as , just for example , how do you measure the contribution to GDP of volunteer labor ?
Can one simultaneously express concern ( as the FLOSS report does ) about the EU ’s low levels of investment in software , and delight that open source reduces the amount that firms must spend in software research or on software ?
If one wishes to make the cheery prediction that increasing the take - up of open source software within Europe will close their innovation gap with the United States , should n’t one consider that perhaps the United States might simultaneously increase it ’s take - up rate if it appears to be a good idea ?
Just why does the United States seem to be more innovative than Europe anyway ?
And so on .
On the problem of result - oriented studies , New Scientist quotes Laurence Moore of Cardiff University in the United Kingdom : " They 're almost designed to show that the idea is a good idea … Rigorous evaluations are perceived as threatening rather than supportive of better policy . "
Sound studies that run contrary to popular ideas are often simply ignored .
Abstinence policy is one example .
But the problem is not confined to conservatives .
Another example is Head Start .
This is the classic 1960 ’s early childhood research - based triumph .
Except the only study showing lasting results from Head Start was an study designed by the originator of the program .
Later studies continue to cite the original study , and to cite studies citing the original study , and so on .
The results showing long term gains have never been replicated .
This problem , too , is recognized : “ Assessing social policies using randomised controlled trials did start to take off in the US from the 1960s to 1980s .
But the practice has declined , partly because policy makers became disenchanted when the trials did not endorse their brainwaves , according to Sheila Bird , a statistician at the Medical Research Council Biostatistics Unit in Cambridge , UK . ”
This raises the question of why politicians and many other policymakers stick with such determination to their agendas even in the face of contrary evidence .
Another way of asking the same thing :
What * is* ideology and what does it do for us ?
I offer some thoughts .
Are people just dumb ?
Is it ego ?
People must “ save face ” and are unwilling to back down from a position once taken publicly ?
Some of our willingness to go with general principles is a good thing .
A vast amount of human experience gets summed up and expressed in the form of ideology .
The United States Constitution is an ideological document .
Yet it is also based on human experience with hundreds of years of monarchy , condensed into few words .
One does not , and ought not , lightly set such things aside .
Example :
There is a not - well - enough - known Supreme Court case , Buchanan v. Worley .
At issue was the constitutionality of racial segregation laws .
The supporters of the laws were filed many research reports from highly progressive social scientists , purporting to prove that segregation was good for people .
Quite rightly , the Supreme Court dismissed the research and favored the principle of equality in the eyes of the law .
Segregation statutes were unconstitutional .
Without the Court ’s willingness to declare them so , the United States could have developed a full - blown apartheid system along the lines of South Africa .
ertainly it would be good to scrutinize the human experiences that go into our ideologies and rules of thumb carefully .
But this can not always be done .
I do not wish to be a gulag guinea pig .
Also , there are general , as well as particular lessons to be drawn from research - based policy .
One general lesson appears to be that many bright ideas fail .
The excellent book Seeing Like A State elaborates on this theme .
But there is another .
Why is it the need for research - based policy so pressing and not , say , just for example , research - based ideas for small business or how to cook a good hard - boiled egg ?
Why is the need usually in the public sector , not the private sector ?
When research is needed in the private sector , such as medicine — why is it taken up readily , egos set aside , while the public sector has been so stubborn ?
This is not merely an accident .
In the private sector , failure often has natural and severe consequence for those who support or act on a bad idea .
In government , failure often has no consequences except embarrassment for those who act on or support a bad idea .
Research will continue to be ignored without accountability .
Which brings us back to ideology ; a gentle rule of thumb favoring action through the private sector , not the public sector , may be more research - based than some would like to think after all .
Another day , another threat .
But this time it ’s pretty serious and worth taking a second look .
News is that researchers at Invisible Things Lab have released paper detailing how PCs that run on Intel processors could be targeted and essentially crippled .
The attack involves Cache Poisoning in which the attacker gains access to SMM ( System Management Mode ) which is one of the most privileged areas of the processor to which even the OS is not granted access .
Once the worm / virus is in the SMM it can wreck havoc since any code can be executed in SMM and RAM contents used by SMM can be effected too .
Once you are inside SMM , you have bypassed OS kernel protection !
The report claimed that they have recorded attacks exploiting the SMM hole in Intel processors in the last 10 months and even with the release of Intel ’s advanced boards like the popular DQ35 , the hole has so far been unhandled putting millions of PCs worldwide at risk !
Since the problem is essentially with the firmware , which cannot just is pretty different then just updating your security shield by installing any security patch , the consequences could be disastrous .
Update 1 :
For those who think putting up a large motherboard image is misleading OR to cover up the length of this release :
The attack is based on CPU cache semantics exploit where the intel ’s board is also vulnerable .
Please read the complete paper or better should have researched before hurrying off and commenting .
Reference :
I ’ve seen it over and over again : the person in the office with self - confidence is the one that gets the plum assignments .
The promotions .
The raises .
The recognition .
The others , who sit back quietly , get left behind ( and sometimes resent it ) .
For a long time , I was one of the resentful folks .
I had a hard time speaking up in group situations and I hated presenting .
The first time I had to give a major presentation to a group and interact with them , I went to the bathroom repeatedly and threw up until I was dry heaving because I was so nervous and so unconfident .
What I ’ve learned over time is that the person that appears confident is often not as confident as they appear .
They just simply do a few things well .
They walk in a way that appears confident .
Their eyes seem alert .
They stand tall .
They have a faint appeal that you ca n’t quite put your finger on .
You feel fine talking to them , but not to most people .
They ’re not wired differently than you .
They just do a few clever things .
Over time , I ’ve figured out how to make many of those things quite natural for me – and most of the techniques I use are somewhat unusual .
Here are ten of them .
Each of them will help if you have problems with appearing confident , as I sometimes do .
1 . Pick a spot .
When you first walk into a room , look around with your head completely level .
Find a spot in the room that ’s exactly at your eye level .
It can be something on the wall , an object hanging from the ceiling , or something else .
Pick something you ’ll find visually interesting , if you can find anything .
Once you ’ve found your spot , remember it .
Then , whenever you ’re nervous , sweep your eyes to that spot .
What this does is it allows you to keep your nervous tic of staring at the floor or looking away from someone – something that can be very hard for an introvert to break – and redirect it in a bit of an optical illusion .
By keeping your eyes up at eye level – which they will be if you look at that object – you appear to be looking at another person .
That is a subtle cue of confidence – you ’re looking for others , thus you must be socially accepted .
Obviously , you should n’t stare at the object , but knowing it ’s there and looking at it from time to time when you ’re nervous is a vast improvement over casting your eyes down , which signals a complete lack of confidence .
2. Improve your posture with duct tape .
Yes , duct tape .
Masking tape or electrical tape or even Scotch tape will work , too .
You ’ll need a friend or a spouse with this .
Stand up as straight as you can , with your back vertical and your arms at your sides , relaxed .
Then , have a friend take a strip of duct tape and run a three inch strip down your back .
The top of it should be on the center of one of your shoulder blades and end three inches below it .
Then , that person should put a second strip , starting at the center of your other shoulder blade and going straight down for three inches .
Take a third strip and apply it horizontally , connecting the tops of the strips , then a fourth strip connecting the bottoms of the vertical strips .
You should have a rectangle on your back , nearly square in shape .
Here ’s the thing .
As you go through your day , every time you attempt to slouch , that tape will tug at your skin , resisting a poor change in posture .
It ’s not painful ( unless you have excessive hair back there ) , but it is enough of a physical reminder to cause you to naturally keep a good posture .
This works great before a big meeting , but it also works great for training by doing it every day for a few weeks .
You ’ll naturally exercise some muscles in your back , making them stronger , and allow other muscles to relax and slightly weaken .
What will happen is that your muscles will begin to find that a position of good posture is the natural one and that ’s how you ’ll begin to sit and stand .
Good posture gives the appearance of confidence , and this is a great little way to create that appearance .
3 . Carry a flask – whether you drink or not .
I was at a conference chatting with a really solid presenter from Oracle whose name I can’t recall right now – let ’s call him “ Jim . ”
After a really great presentation , I started chatting with Jim and discovered that we knew a few people in common , so after the chat , we agreed to go get a drink together .
On the way , we both needed to stop to use the restroom .
When I was finished , I walked out to see Jim taking a big slug out of a flask he had pulled out of his front pocket .
I jokingly said , “ Whoa , cowboy !
Getting an early start ? ”
He smiled , swished the liquid around in his mouth for a minute , then spit out some blue stuff .
He grinned and said , “ Listerine . ”
It was a trick of his .
Whenever he was about to meet with some people , he ’d head to the bathroom , take a slug out of his flask , swish it around for a bit , then spit it out .
He ’d follow it with a bit of water to get any bad taste out , then look in the mirror to make sure there was n’t any food in his teeth .
Doing that simple routine made him feel better .
He could be sure his breath did n’t smell at all , his mouth felt squeaky clean , and he was also confident there was no food on his face or in his teeth .
All around , it really gave his confidence a bump .
Good advice .
I actually started just keeping a travel bottle of Listerine with me , but this is a great use for a flask since they ’re designed to fit well in a pocket .
4 . Go for a thirty minute fast walk three times a week .
Walking improves your health .
We all know it – and it ’s absolutely true .
Thirty minutes walking instead of watching a television show will help you lose weight , feel better , and all that .
But it has an extra confidence booster in it as well .
If you make an effort to walk as fast as you can on your walks , the speed of your natural , normal walk will increase , too .
It ’ll feel more natural for you to go faster , so you will .
You ’ll strengthen all the appropriate muscles and , soon , the way you walk across a room will look much more confident than before without any conscious effort on your part .
5. Memorize a person ’s eye color with one extra adjective .
I have a hard time looking people in the eye .
Mostly , it ’s because my eyes sometimes have problems focusing well , especially in the evening , but there ’s also an aspect of low confidence there , too .
I ’ve found a solution that works well in both regards .
It gives me a reason to look people in the eye on a regular basis ( making me appear confident ) but not too much ( making me appear creepy ) .
All I do is this .
When I first meet a person , I look into their eyes until I can describe their eye color with one noun and at least one descriptive adjective .
Their eyes are “ cloudy blue . ”
Their eyes are “ mocha brown . ”
Once I ’ve figured it out , I ’m free to look away .
Then , if I ca n’t recall immediately their eye color , I know I should look back .
In practice , this means that I tend to look at their eyes directly several times early on in our conversation , but not too much at one shot .
Instead , I alternate it with the first trick , swiveling my eyes to an object at eye level in the room .
What does this do ?
It creates an impression that I ’m interested in what they ’re saying and also fully engaged in the larger event – very confident – when in truth I ’m not confident at all .
6 . Keep a chamomile tea bag in your wallet .
Chamomile tea is an effective natural relaxant .
It is the single best natural way I ’ve found to calm myself down in any situation that makes me nervous .
If I feel awkward , I ’ll just find some hot water , put it in a cup , dunk in a bag of chamomile tea , let it steep for a couple minutes , then drink it down .
Calmness washes over me .
It really helps with appearing confident , too .
I tend to get quite nervous during social events – and it shows .
I talk too fast , look away , and generally hide from conversation .
In short , I need to calm down .
When I ’m calm , my speech gets a bit slower , I ’m less nervous around other people , and I ’m more willing to engage others – all signs of confidence .
Chamomile is a natural calming agent that ’s pretty much socially acceptable in any situation , so it ’s a great “ secret weapon ” to have in your pocket .
7 . “ Hi , I ’m Trent Hamm . ” Period .
Whenever I would introduce myself to people , I often found myself saying things like , “ Hi , I ’m Trent Hamm and I work on this project and I wrote this document ” or something to that effect .
In my nervousness , I felt the need to include what amounted to a short resume with my name .
I believed at the time that it would do a good job of laying out who I was to people , but what it actually does is shows that you ’re not confident already in who you are .
If the other person does n’t know who you are , they ’ll either ask for information – or they ’ll hold it in and believe they should know who you are .
In either case , you seem more intriguing and in control .
So , next time you introduce yourself , stop with your name .
At the very least , it opens the door to more conversation .
8. Hit Google News .
Whenever I enter a group , I usually stop and check the news to see if any major events have occurred really recently .
This gives me something to break the ice with almost every time – I can simply use a major news event or a popular culture event to open with .
I usually read the top stories and see if there ’s anything of strong general interest there .
If it ’s a slow news day , I ’ll check the entertainment and sports news .
In some groups , I ’ll check other news sections , too – technology works well in some groups , and business and money news works well in other groups .
If I see something interesting but I do n’t understand a big piece of it , I take another few seconds and hit Wikipedia to give myself enough context that I ’m not clueless .
Having a current event or two in my head gives me something to say when I ’m standing there wondering what on earth I should be talking about .
Quite often , the person who comes up with conversation topics is often the person who comes off as confident , as many other people are often standing around just as nervously .
9 . Take five deep breaths .
If you ’re feeling overwhelmed with a situation or you ’re about to step out into a room where you have to start speaking very quickly , just pause for a moment and take five deep breaths .
The intake of a lot of oxygen does several little things to your biochemistry , all of which are helpful .
It lowers blood pressure .
It increases alertness .
It reduces anxiety .
In short , it ’s a very simple thing that helps in almost any situation that makes you nervous .
I find that any time I know I ’m going to be speaking soon , I do this .
It always helps , without fail – I feel better right after doing it .
10 .
When in doubt , ask a question .
So , your breath smells good .
Your posture is good .
You naturally walk with confidence and introduce yourself with confidence .
You do a bit of small talk with current events .
Then … .
The best thing you can possibly do is lead the conversation .
The best way to do that is to simply ask a question and then listen to the response .
Ask them what they do .
Ask them about their biggest project .
Ask them what they think of the meeting , or of the last speaker .
Ask them what hotel they ’re staying at and if they like it .
Then , listen to what they say .
Almost always , you can follow up on something there .
You can relate your own experience or thoughts .
You can ask another question .
You can dig into information that you actually want to know more about .
Line this up with the other techniques ( the eye technique and good posture ) and you ’ll look confident no matter how you feel inside .
Good luck .
Microsoft 's new search engine is reportedly dumping its codename , Kumo , in favor of the brand name Bing .
To get the word out , Microsoft is planning a massive advertising campaign to launch its new search brand .
Bing 's debut will feature a $ 80 to $ 100 million online , TV , print , and radio advertising campaign , according to AdvertisingAge .
To put that number in perspective , Google 's entire advertising budget for all of 2008 was $ 25 million , AdAge says .
Microsoft is hoping a major ad push will take a chunk out of Google -- the number one online search brand -- in favor of Bing , the same way Microsoft 's laptop hunter ads helped in its fight against Apple .
But Microsoft 's ads wo n't take on Google , Yahoo , or even Ask.com directly by name .
Instead , the Bing ads will try to convince you that by using " today 's search engines " you 're missing out on all that your search experience could be .
To back up this assertion , Microsoft offers some internal data indicating 42 percent of all searches need to be refined after the first query , AdAge reports .
Furthermore , Microsoft has found 25 percent of all post - search clicks hit the back button instead of a Website link when looking at a search results page .
The inability to find what you want on the first try may be where Microsoft believes Bing has an edge .
In March , when screenshots of Microsoft 's new search engine leaked online under the codename Kumo , the photos showed a " related categories " feature on the results page .
If you were looking for a set of new stereo speakers , for example , you would see links to reviews , manuals , prices , and so on related to the specific product you were seeking .
There were also examples of Kumo / Bing yielding different related categories in a search for entertainers with related categories like biographies , song lyrics , and albums .
The ability to refine your search with directly relevant categories could be a very helpful search tool , as opposed to starting all over from scratch with a new query if you do n't find what you 're looking for .
If Bing 's " related categories " feature can offer results directly relevant to your query each and every time you hit the search button , then Microsoft may be able to peel off some , but definitely not all , of that Google mojo .
However , Bing 's competitors may already have features comparable to related categories in their arsenals .
Google rolled out its own set of tools to help you refine your search at its recent Searchology event , and Yahoo will launch search refinement tools in the coming months .
Whether Bing 's features are a huge jump forward over Google 's new tools or Yahoo 's upcoming overhaul is hard to know , since no one outside of Microsoft has had a chance to try Bing .
This week , Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer is expected to demonstrate Bing during the D : All Things D conference , which runs from May 26 through 28 .
It 's not clear if Ballmer will announce a launch date for the new search engine from All Things D ; however , once Bing is finally available to the public , I have no doubt many people will want to test drive the new search engine .
But even if Bing can win over some early converts , the true test will be whether those users are still ' Binging ' instead of ' Googling ' a month or two later .
Service is not the only obstacle for a challenger to Google 's dominance , either .
To keep users coming back for more , Microsoft must dislodge the idea from the public consciousness that the name Google is synonymous with Internet search .
Will 100 million greenbacks be enough to convince people that ' to Google ' is not actually a verb ?
Microsoft may think so , but what do you say ?
US research that began with the first Apollo landing - and helped to prove that the moon is moving away from Earth - is to be axed
An experiment , begun when Apollo 11 astronauts Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin left a mirror on the lunar surface 40 years ago to allow Earth - based astronomers to fire lasers at it , has been ended by American science chiefs .
The National Science Foundation ( NSF ) last week wrote to scientists working at the McDonald Laser ranging station at Fort Davis in Texas to tell them the annual $ 125,000 funding for their research project was going be terminated following a review of its scientific merits .
The decision means that four decades of continuous lunar laser research at the McDonald Observatory , run by the University of Texas at Austin , will be halted by the end of this year .
Among the project 's unlikely achievements has been the discovery that the moon is moving away from Earth at a rate of two - and - a - half inches a year .
The mirror 's existence , and the fact that astronomers can bounce lasers off it and detect the returning beam , has also provided Nasa and other scientists with compelling evidence to refute the claims of moon - landing deniers who claim the Apollo lunar mission were hoaxes filmed in an Earth - based studio .
" It is a bitter - sweet feeling to know this is going to come to end at McDonald , " said Peter Shelus , head of the laser ranging project .
" We have done a great deal of important work using the moon mirrors but it is clearly time for it to end .
However , we are hopeful that this work will be continued at other astronomy centres . "
The mirror left by Aldrin and Armstrong after they landed on the Sea of Tranquillity on 21 July 1969 , was one of five known as " corner mirrors " or " retro- reflector arrays " that were taken to the moon in the later Sixties and early Seventies .
Two other corner mirrors were brought to the moon by astronauts on later manned lunar flights , on the Apollo 14 and the Apollo 15 missions .
In addition , a second pair were built by French scientists and flown to the moon by the Soviet Union on their robot Luna probes .
Corner mirrors are important scientific instruments because , when struck precisely by a laser beam , they reflect that beam in a parallel path straight back to the source of the laser .
" Essentially , we measure when that beam goes out and when it comes back , " said Shelus .
" We know the speed of light , of course , so that timing allows us to calculate the moon 's distance with incredible precision . "
After these laser measurements were amassed for years , calculations by astronomers at the McDonald Observatory showed that as the moon orbits Earth , it creates a bulge of water that travels round the planet behind it .
This bulge - which we experience as tides - exerts a gravitational pull on the moon , slowing it down as it circles Earth at a distance of 240,000 miles .
As a consequence of being held back by this pull , the orbit of the moon becomes altered and it moves slowly away from Earth - at a rate of two - and - a - half inches a year .
These measurements have , in turn , allowed scientists to carry out valuable tests of theories about relativity and gravity , added Shelus .
A spokesman from the NSF told the Observer last week that , after carrying out two reviews , it had decided there was no longer " a strong science case " for continuing its 40 - year support for the lunar laser ranging project .
The spokesman added that two other astronomy centres - at Apache Point in Texas and Observatoire de la Côte d'Azure in France - were expected to carry out lunar - ranging experiments in future .
" These are very good centres , " said Shelus .
" However , it does mean that the continuity of our measurements , which we have established since the Apollo missions , will now have to stop .
It is , rather sadly , the end of an era . "
In his nationally syndicated radio program , Rush Limbaugh regretted not holding Michael Jackson in his arms before the pop idol passed away last month .
NEW YORK —
In his nationally syndicated radio program , Rush Limbaugh regretted not holding Michael Jackson in his arms before the pop idol passed away last month .
The conservative talk show host said he had met the King of Pop several years ago while traveling through California ’s Central Coast and thought he was “ a sweet , sweet man . ”
Although Limabugh never visited Neverland Ranch , he imagined the two would have had “ a grand time “ there .
“ In my fantasies , Michael and I watch cartoons and play ride - the - pony until bedtime , ” lamented Limbaugh .
“ We ’d lie there snugggled together , gazing at the moon through his expensive , leaded - crystal window , awash in wonderment . ”
According to Limbaugh , Jackson ’s use of drugs to treat his insomnia was completely unnecessary .
“ If only he had called me , ” he said .
“ Instead of taking dangerous medications , I could have come over and lulled him to sleep with my grandma ’s hot tea and lots of hugs . ”
Limbaugh called it tragic that Jackson died alone , never knowing how much he was loved .
“ We could have held each other for hours , ” he said , “ sharing our dreams for the future . ”
His familiar baritone voice cracked as he tried to hold back tears .
Limbaugh said if he had to do it all over again , he would be there for Michael , hugging him “ like there was no tomorrow . ”
Criar Cliente
Cadastrando - se em nosso site você vai poder fazer compras e se manter informado sobre seus pedidos .
É rápido e seguro .
Seja bem-vindo !
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — Defense Secretary Robert Gates says American soldiers have more than their military might and training on their side in the war in Afghanistan .
Some have pink underwear .
Gates told an audience in New York about Specialist Zachary Boyd , routed from sleep by enemy fire on his post in eastern Afghanistan .
“ He immediately grabbed his rifle and rushed into a defensive position clad in his helmet , body armor , and pink boxer shorts that said ‘ I Love New York , ' ” Gates said Thursday night .
“ Unfortunately , or fortunately , depending on your perspective , an AP photographer was there for a candid shot , ” Gates continued .
The photograph by David Guttenfelder ran on the front page of the New York Times .
Gates said Boyd later told his parents he might get fired .
Gates assured his audience at the Intrepid museum , and Boyd , that his job is safe .
“ Any soldier who goes into battle against the Taliban in pink boxers and flip - flops has a special kind of courage , ” Gates said , adding that Boyd may have hit on a new kind of psychological warfare .
“ I can only wonder about the impact on the Taliban .
Just imagine seeing that — a guy in pink boxers and flip - flops has you in his crosshairs . ”
" It is a long - standing tradition for characters to meet others in the fictional world , " he said .
" And over the years a lot of the superheroes have been translated into Arabic , taking on ethnic elements .
But this is a nice step forward .
The most difficult creative test is when you are working with the least precedent and when you 're trying to reach an audience that has a different cultural bias and different interests . "
Panama Cricket Games Have The Best Booty
Wow !
If there was ever a reason to attend a cricket games that last couple days , here it is .
The only question I have is “ are they real ” ?
This was the remarkable sight many took in at a cricket game in Panama .
As for the game ?
Well who really cares .
I ’m more interested in what type of paint was used to put their pants on .
As for the authenticity ?
We like to think they are real , but we are n’t particularly convinced that there was no use of PED ’s involved .
So let ’s not get over excited here and start booking our flights to Panama and buying tickets to their next cricket match .
While some cricket games have been kown for showcasing such talent , we ca n’t be sure that this is a regularity .
Although the possibility of being able to confirm the presence of ass like this at Panama ’s cricket games may be well worth the trip .
H/T Pictures – [ NahRight ]
Start Slide Show
Share This
Shelby : Obama will destroy ' best health care system the world has ever known '
Sen. Richard Shelby ( R - Ala . ) told Chris Wallace on " Fox News Sunday " that President Barack Obama 's proposed health care plan is the " first step in destroying the best health care system the world has ever known . "
" When the government is involved more and more in the details , " Shelby said , " and you start the one - pay deal and you got the government competing with private enterprise with all the incentives the government has and the power , they can destroy the marketplace for health care and it will be a mistake and the American people better be careful in what they want . "
When confronted by Wallace over why the president has had a seeming reversal from his campaign to now on the prospect of taxing health care benefits , White House economic adviser Austan Goolsbee took issue .
" The care exclusion as they call it , " Goolsbee said , " that was not in the president 's plan .
Now , the president has committed he is going to work with Congress , and so they have put forward a whole series of ideas he ’s willing to look at to do an achievable health care cost reduction and health care expansion for people who are uninsured .
But that ’s not the president 's plan .
So I think it ’s a little unfair to attribute to the president things he did not put forward . "
Can you put trust in your online doctor ?
( Image : Frazer Hudson )
IF YOU regularly turn to a search engine to find out whether , say , you should put ice on a twisted ankle , you ’re far from alone .
Sixty - one per cent of American adults seek out health advice online , according to a survey published last month by the Pew Internet and American Life Project .
Around a third of those surveyed admitted they changed their thinking about how they should treat a condition based on what they found online .
Yet a growing body of evidence suggests that much online health information is …
As the protests in Iran continue for the second week , a Google user named Xárene Eskandar is following the activity on a Google Maps page , logging the events each day as they 're reported .
The latest map from Wednesday tracks events by the hour and shows the movement of special forces vans and military helicopters as they close in on protesters , as well as the location where protesters have reported seeing or hearing gunshots .
The maps are similar to ones created last year to crowdsource information from citizen journalists about violence in Kenya following a disputed election .
In the Kenya case , an activist developed software called Ushahidi ( " testimony " in Swahili ) that allowed anyone to contribute information by e-mail and text messages .
That info could be coordinated by an administrator who sent out instant alerts to protesters and other citizen journalists and posted data to Google Maps .
The software is available online for anyone to use .
With regard to the protests in Iran , although they began as dissension against the election results , they appear to have quickly evolved into a mass movement for civil rights reform , marked by iconic images of Neda Agha Soltan , the young woman who was slain by a government sniper on Saturday while watching the protest in the street .
Soltan 's gruesome last moments before death were caught on video by two camera phones and have quickly spread around the internet .
A separate video , shown below , shows Soltan next to a man identified as her music teacher ( in the striped shirt ) , moments before she was shot .
According to news reports , they 'd been trapped in their hot car in a traffic jam and stepped out for a few moments to get some cool air and watch the protest .
Soltan 's death has launched what some are saying is now an unstoppable movement .
Her face has popped up on posters around Tehran , and protesters donning green wrist bands chant " We are Neda ! " and " Sleep well , Neda , because we will get your vote back , " according to the Daily Mail .
She has even inspired songs .
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OD7UjH9FYis
From next year , passport applicants will no longer be required to take photographs with them when they apply for a passport .
Instead town hall staff will take a digital photograph of those asking for a new passport .
Many municipal authorities are none too happy at the prospect of the extra work for their staff and they fear extra long queues in their town halls .
The Chairman of the Flemish Association of City and Municipal Authorities Jef Gabriels ( Christian democrat , photo ) told the VRT that “ We think that the Ministry of Foreign Affairs has greatly underestimated the increased workload that this brings for our staff . ”
" We would like to look into whether we could sub - contract the work out to professional photographers . "
Meanwhile , the photographers are also unhappy with the new rules .
They fear a fall in trade as a result of people having their passport photographs taken in the town hall .
The constructor could issue a POST HTTP request to create a new resource using the constructor parameters .
The attribute retrieval could be overridden to issue a HTTP GET request .
The attribute setting could be overridden to issue a HTTP PUT request .
The object deletion functionality could be overridden to issue a HTTP DELETE request .
# Example ; RESTful Python instances .
class RESTful ( object ) :
def __init__ ( self , uri , ** kw ) :
# Issue a HTTP POST request construct a new resource .
print " POSTING ... "
def __getattr__ ( self , name ) :
# Issue a HTTP GET , possibly a conditional GET to
#retrieve the resource attribute .
print " GETTING ... "
def __setattr__ ( self , name , value ) :
# Issue a HTTP PUT request to update the resource
#attribute .
print " PUTTING ... "
def __del__ ( self ) :
# Issue a HTTP DELETE request to destroy the resource .
print " DELETING ... "
class BlogEntry ( RESTful ) :
def __init__ ( self , uri , ** kw ) :
RESTful .
__init__ ( self , uri , ** kw )
if __name__ == " __main__ " :
entry = BlogEntry ( " / blog " , title = " Hello " , body = " World " )
entry . body = " There "
body = entry .
body
Designing RESTful resources that behave like the web in this day and age makes for good API design practice .
The resulting API has a very high level of simplicity that is sought after and valued by many developers .
However , what about the client end ?
Can they too benefit from this elegant design ?
They sure can .
Just like anything else in software design , APIs can be abused or they can be used as intended .
So , why not make the client work similarly to how the resources themselves behave ?
Better yet , why not make them identical ?
This can be achieved by mapping individual resources to Python instances .
This makes for a good abstraction mapping .
One resource , one Python instance .
But this does n't really help the Python developer if there are " special " methods they need to invoke on the instance just to interact with the actual resource .
This instances acts as a proxy and so both the instance data and the instance behavior should be the same as the resource .
This can be done by using the following principles :
That 's it , the instance can then behave like a regular Python instance and be a RESTful resource at the same time .
Mind you , these are just principles and not and ideal implementation , obviously .
So , what is needed is an HTTP library of some kind to fully implement each of these methods .
There will no doubt be variations to these methods as well .
For instance , there is often the requirement of retrieving lists of resources as opposed to a single resource .
The following is a simple example illustrating these principles .
By Juliana Liu
BBC News , Taipei
Asus launched new netbooks at Computex 2009 in Taipei When Asus debuted its Eee PC at Asia 's biggest technology show two years ago , the Taiwan computer maker created an entirely new product category .
But now , there are so many copycats of the wildly successful laptop that Asus has no choice but to keep up with its own invention .
Jonney Shih , chairman of Taipei - based Asus , said he was not surprised by the speed with which competitors rolled out their own versions of the original netbook : small and lightweight laptops that cost just a few hundred dollars .
" We are quite used to that , " the dapper executive told the BBC .
" You know the soul of Asus is innovation .
I think you can see that a lot of our new products are coming out now . "
Asus recently launched the Eee PC Seashell , a super - slim model .
Growing sector
In the midst of a global economic downturn , netbooks have become crucial to the survival of global personal computer makers .
They are one of the few areas in the industry still growing .
Asus plans to use its status as the netbook 's inventor to push for third - place among global laptop makers by 2011 .
To do that , it must sell more laptops than better - known names Dell and Lenovo , Shih said .
Asus is currently number five in the world , far behind home - grown rival Acer , ranked number one globally among laptop makers .
Acer chairman JT Wang says consumers ' " fear " is disappearing
In fact , with stronger distribution worldwide from a series of acquisitions , Acer sells more netbooks than even Asus .
Acer chairman JT
Wang strenuously denied any suggestion Acer was copying someone else 's invention .
" We are not copying , " he said in an interview at Acer 's headquarters in suburban Taipei .
" Innovation is improving on a competitor 's product .
That is still innovation for consumers ' value . "
Mr Wang sounded more bullish than the more self - effacing Mr Shih , who expressed caution about 2009 sales .
" The fear of the consumer is disappearing , " Mr Wang said , adding the market was in the process of recovering .
" People will find they still need computers to go on with their daily lives . "
Consumer hit Mr Wang believes it 's just a matter of time before Acer dethrones Dell , currently the second - biggest maker of PCs globally .
" Compared to other competitors , the current number two , their growth momentum is small .
So it 's just a matter of time .
Sooner or later , we will become number two , " he said .
Mr Wang said its laptop segment , which includes netbooks , would grow between 25 % and 35 % in 2009 , compared with the previous year .
That compares with growth of 10 % for notebooks in the wider industry .
By any measure , netbooks have been a hit with consumers .
Research firm Gartner forecast sales of 5.3 million last year , compared with actual sales of 14 million computers .
But because netbooks are cheaper than traditional laptops , manufacturers make less money from them .
Soon , they 'll be competing with a new category of inexpensive , slim laptops with long battery lives , further blurring the line between netbooks and their notebook cousins .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Iran : Election clashes mount as West escalates pressure
By Bill Van Auken
16 June 2009
Over 100,000 people demonstrated Monday in the streets of Tehran against the results of last week ’s presidential election as the US and the major Western European powers intensified their own demands for an investigation into the opposition ’s charges of vote - rigging .
The protest was the largest in a series of actions including sporadic rioting by supporters of presidential challenger Mirhossein Mousavi since the June 12 poll .
The government had earlier banned all demonstrations , but there was no attempt by security forces to break up the gathering .
While it was largely peaceful , the protest was marred by a clash outside a compound used by Basijis , a volunteer militia loyal to the government of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
One demonstrator was reportedly killed and several others wounded by gunfire .
A photographer who was at the scene told news agencies that shooting broke out after the crowd attacked the compound .
Footage of the clash broadcast Monday night showed the crowd stoning the building and the militiamen guarding it , who answered with gunfire .
In retaliation , the crowd set the structure on fire .
The night before , thousands of students at Tehran University staged a demonstration , chanting “ Death to the dictator ” — referring to Ahmadinejad — and clashing with riot police .
The students threw bricks and paving stones at the police , who responded with tear gas and plastic bullets .
Also on Sunday , Ahmadinejad held a huge victory rally in the center of the capital .
It received little coverage in the Western media , but a reporter for the Irish Times recounted , “ In some districts , the mood was jubilant , as tens of thousands of supporters of newly re-elected President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad made their way home from a victory rally in central Tehran . ”
The Iranian capital , he said , “ felt like two cities instead of one , ” divided between the celebrations in the poorer neighborhoods of southern Tehran and the protests centered in the city ’s more affluent northern suburbs .
The official results reported from Friday ’s election gave 63 percent of the vote to Ahmadinejad and 34 percent to Mousavi .
Supporters of Mousavi immediately denounced the results as rigged and accused Ahmadinejad and the government of staging a “ coup . ”
While vote - rigging is certainly a possibility , given the anti-democratic character of the regime headed by Ahmadinejad , the Western media echoed the opposition ’s charges without any substantive evidence that the results were fraudulent .
In a column published in the Washington Post Monday , the heads of two US non-governmental groups that organized a voter survey , using one of the most respected polling agencies in the region , rebutted the claims that because of the wide margin of victory the vote totals had to be fraudulent .
“ The election results in Iran may reflect the will of the Iranian people , ” wrote Ken Ballen , president of Terror Free Tomorrow : the Center for Public Opinion , and Patrick Doherty of the American Strategy Program of the New America Foundation .
They pointed out that their opinion poll , carried out between May 11 and May 20 , “ showed Ahmadinejad leading by a more than 2 to 1 margin — greater than his actual apparent margin of victory in Friday ’s election . ”
The two specifically rebutted claims by Mousavi supporters that the fact that as an ethnic Azeri he failed to win a larger share of the Azeri vote proved that the totals were rigged .
The poll , they said , showed that Azeris also favored Ahmadinejad 2 to 1 over Mousavi .
“ The only demographic groups in which our survey found Mousavi leading or competitive with Ahmadinejad were university students and graduates , and the highest - income Iranians , ” they wrote .
They also noted that , while the media had cast younger Iranians using the Internet as the heart of the anticipated “ reform ” surge — NBC News called the protests an “ Internet uprising ” — the poll showed that “ only a third of Iranians even have access to the Internet . ”
It is this class divide that is largely ignored by the Western media .
Mousavi ’s so - called reforms were pitched largely to a relatively privileged and narrow social base .
The reforms themselves consisted essentially of a toning down of the rhetoric employed by Ahmadinejad in order to smooth the way to improved relations with Washington , an easing of US - backed sanctions and the opening up of the country to foreign capital .
At the same time , they were identified with “ free market ” capitalism and opposition to the social assistance programs for the working class and rural poor .
Such austerity measures hardly served as a pole of attraction for these layers , which constitute the majority of the Iranian population .
For his part , Ahmadinejad utilized these programs — combined with populist demagogy and appeals to religious piety — to maintain a popular base for the regime .
The bitterness of the election campaign and its aftermath is a distorted reflection of the class tensions building up in Iran as well as a product of the increasing fissures within the ruling political establishment of the Islamic Republic , both of which are exacerbated by the pressure exerted by the US and the European powers .
All of those running in the election were vetted by the clerics on the Guardian Council and are members of the same political establishment .
Lionized by the Western press , Mousavi is an unlikely champion of “ reform . ”
During the period he held the post of prime minister — 1981 - 1989 — he presided over mass executions of political dissidents , many of them leftists , as well as the Iran - Iraq War , in which Iran suffered a million casualties , dead and wounded .
Considered a “ hardliner ” during this period , he has been cast as a reformist and a modernizer in an appeal to the Iranian middle classes .
Behind his campaign , however , are right - wing elements within the clerical hierarchy and , most importantly , former Iranian president Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani , reportedly the richest man in Iran .
While the differences between the sections of the regime backing Mousavi and those supporting the re-election of Ahmadinejad are of a tactical character , they are no less bitter because of it .
Involved are major financial interests as well as concerns about how best to manage Iran ’s relations with Washington and the other major imperialist powers .
The elections and the claims of fraud have been utilized by the major powers to orchestrate a campaign of pressure against Iran , aimed at bringing about a shift in policy that would favor their interests in the region .
Initially , the Obama administration remained somewhat aloof from the controversy , with Vice President Joseph Biden declaring that US interests in Iran “ are the same before the election as after the election . ”
By Monday afternoon , however , the US State Department signaled a shift .
“ We are deeply troubled by the reports of violence , arrests and possible voting irregularities , ” a State Department spokesman said .
“ We are calling for Iran ’s authorities to respect the right of the people to express themselves peacefully . ”
This was followed by a statement from President Barack Obama .
“ I think that the democratic process , free speech , the ability for folks to peacefully dissent , all those are universal values and need to be respected , ” he said .
“ Whenever I see violence perpetrated on people who are peacefully dissenting , and whenever the American people see that , I think they ’re rightfully troubled . ”
No such qualms were expressed by Washington when the troops of the US - backed Shah shot down demonstrators by the thousands in 1978 and 1979 .
At the height of this bloodbath , then - US National Security Advisor Zbigniew Brzezinski told the Shah that the US would “ back him to the hilt . ”
Brzezinski has re-emerged as a prominent foreign policy adviser to the Obama administration .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel , meanwhile , condemned the use of “ completely unacceptable ” force against demonstrators .
“ We believe there should be a transparent evaluation of the election result , ” she added .
“ There are signs of irregularities . ” European Union foreign ministers also called for Iranian officials to investigate the election results .
Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei ’s announcement Monday that he had instructed the Guardian Council to investigate charges of vote - rigging was aimed at least as much at placating this pressure from the imperialist powers as at diffusing tensions within Iran itself .
This pressure has no more to do with democratic rights in Iran than the arms and support provided to the Shah did 30 years ago .
The aim of the US and the rest of the Western powers is to fully subjugate Iran in order to further their strategic interests in the region and fully exploit its massive energy resources .
Forget the notion of a reverent nature photographer tiptoeing through the woods , camera slung over one shoulder , patiently looking for perfect light .
Robert Buelteman works indoors in total darkness , forsaking cameras , lenses , and computers for jumper cables , fiber optics , and 80,000 volts of electricity .
This bizarre union of Dr. Frankenstein and Georgia O'Keeffe spawns photos that seem to portray the life force of his subjects as the very process destroys them .
This article has been reproduced in a new format and may be missing content or contain faulty links .
Contact wiredlabs@wired.com to report an issue .
Golden Columbine Photo : Robert Buelteman
Buelteman 's technique is an elaborate extension of Kirlian photography ( a high - voltage photogram process popular in the late 1930s ) and is considered so dangerous and laborious that no one else will attempt it — even if they could get through all the steps .
Buelteman begins by painstakingly whittling down flowers , leaves , sprigs , and twigs with a scalpel until they 're translucent .
He then lays each specimen on color transparency film and , for a more detailed effect , covers it with a diffusion screen .
This assemblage is placed on his " easel " — a piece of sheet metal sandwiched between Plexiglas , floating in liquid silicone .
Buelteman hits everything with an electric pulse and the electrons do a dance as they leap from the sheet metal , through the silicone and the plant ( and hopefully not through him ) , while heading back out the jumper cables .
In that moment , the gas surrounding the subject is ionized , leaving behind ethereal coronas .
He then hand - paints the result with white light shining through an optical fiber the width of a human hair , a process so tricky each image can take up to 150 attempts .
Because there 's no lens to distort the colors , Buelteman 's work replicates natural hues far better than traditional photographs .
" I 'm calling into question what we see every day , " Buelteman says .
" Is that really a flower ?
Have I been blind my entire life ? "
You can see for yourself in his recently published book , Signs of Life .
My very own VIM color scheme .
Featuring 256 , 16 and 8 color support , high readability and ... pretty colors !
I use Vim a lot .
It ’s my editor of choice when I code ( mainly in Ruby ) , and also when I write my blog post and articles ( mainly in Textile ) .
One thing I always liked about Vim was it powerful syntax highlighting : there ’s probably a syntax highlighting file for every programming language ever created , even the new ones ( Nimrod ?
Sure , here ! ) .
Furthermore , Vim allows you to create color schemes , and that ’s surprisingly easy to do .
Everything you need to do is in the docs , but that may put you off , so you can just start by editing an existing one — that ’s what I did .
h3 .
InfiniteRed Black
I ’ve been using the ir_black color scheme for near enough a year .
It ’s an excellent color scheme , recommended especially for writing Ruby code :
I honestly thought this was the best Vim color scheme until I discovered Moria …
Moria
Recently I switched to moria , mainly because I find it easier on the eyes .
It ’s a matter of taste , of course :
The trick is in the background : it ’s not completely black .
Still , I did n’t quite like the colors , so I decided to write my own …
Herald
Meet herald.vim ( this is a direct link to the raw file , but you may also want to check my stash on GitHub or the script page on Vim.org ) :
To sum up , here ’s the features offered by this new color scheme :
It ’s easier to differentiate syntax elements ; in particular reserved words like if or end , constants ( symbols ) and identifiers ( instance variables ) .
or , constants ( symbols ) and identifiers ( instance variables ) .
Operators are highlighted and easier to notice .
Dark gray background and black column / row selectors .
Added highlight for titles ( useful for Textile )
Comments do not stand out , unlike in most color schemes
Support for 256 color terminal ( special thanks to Wolfgang Frisch for providing all the info and tools required )
So what do you think ?
Is it tool colorful perhaps ?
How would you improve it ?
Persuasion : The Right - Ear Advantage
If you want someone to comply with a random request for a cigarette , you should speak into their right ear , according to a new study by researchers in Italy .
Marzoli & Tommasi ( 2009 ) had a female confederate visit a disco and approach 176 random people asking for a smoke .
Clubbers were about twice as likely to hand one over if the request was directed at the right ear , whether or not the clubber was male or female .
Whether these findings will hold good for other types of request is unknown .
These findings confirm previous studies which have found a right - ear preference for attending to and processing verbal stimuli .
It is thought that this is because language is preferentially processed by the left side of the brain , which receives its input from the right ear .
This right - ear preference was confirmed in an observational study also carried out by Marzoli and Tommas .
Both men and women in the club were observed to use their right ear 72 % of the time to listen to their conversational partners .
Mobile phones
People ’s preferred ear when using a telephone , though , has proved more controversial .
Early studies carried out in the 80s suggested that people preferred to hold it to their left ear , not their right .
But this was in the days before mobile phones and perhaps people were more used to leaving their right hand free for dialling or taking notes .
However more recent unpublished data from mobile phone users does suggest people prefer holding their phone to their right ear ( Sanchez et al. , 2002 ) .
Jury acquits in quantum physics assault SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO
A homeless man was acquitted of charges that he smacked a fellow transient in the face with a skateboard as the victim was engaged in a conversation about quantum physics in South San Francisco , authorities said Friday .
Jason Everett Keller , 40 , was found not guilty Thursday of attacking another homeless man , Stephan Fava , on the 200 block of Grand Avenue about 1:45 p.m. March 30 .
A San Mateo County jury deliberated for less than a day after a four - day trial in Redwood City before Superior Court Judge Clifford Cretan .
Shortly before the incident , Fava was chatting with an acquaintance , who is also homeless , about " quantum physics and the splitting of atoms , " according to prosecutors .
Authorities had said Keller joined in the conversation and , for reasons unknown , got upset .
He was accused of picking up his skateboard and hitting Fava in the face with it , splitting his lip .
Fava then fell and broke his ankle .
Deputy District Attorney Sharon
Cho said the jury that acquitted Keller of assault and battery charges could n't sort out the conflicting statements of prosecution witnesses .
" The jury just felt unable to really know what happened out there , " Cho said .
China Turns it Up Another Notch
Here it comes , slowly but surely : “ We sincerely hope the U.S. fiscal deficit will be reduced , year after year , ” China ’s Assistant Finance Minister Zhu Guangyao said overnight after talks with Treasury Secretary Geithner .
Could he lay it out any more clearly than this ?
“ The Chinese government is a responsible government , and first and foremost our responsibility is the Chinese people , so of course we are concerned about the security of the Chinese assets . ”
The Chinese now own over $ 801 billion in U.S. debt , nearly double their holdings at the start of 2007 and by far the world ’s largest stash of American paper .
“ We are committed , ” responded Tim Geithner , “ to taking measures to maintaining greater personal saving and to reducing the federal deficit to a sustainable level by 2013 . ”
We have no idea what he might mean by that … the CBO still projects a $ 1.8 trillion budget deficit this year , $ 1.4 trillion next year , $ 984 billion in 2011 and $ 633 billion by the end of 2012 .
That makes the Bush administration look like penny pinchers , and is certainly not even in the realm of “ sustainable . ”
The U.S. government issued another $ 42 billion in 2 - year notes today , the first of this week ’s record $ 115 billion debt issuance .
“ Debt is the story of today ’s economy , ” says Chris Mayer , echoing a theme of this year ’s Investment Symposium .
“ There is still too much of it .
Yet the mainstream view seems to be that more of same is the elixir to see us out of this bust .
In fact , debt issuances by governments are hitting new records .
“ The U.S. government is spending money hand over fist .
That ’s not new .
The U.S. is hoping more foolish foreign central banks will line up and absorb the deluge for pitiful interest rates .
The 2 - year note sells for a yield of 1.1 % .
“ Maybe Washington will pull it off .
But one day , people are going to demand a better rate to take the government ’s paper .
At some point , the market ’s appetite for puny yields will go away .
When that happens , interest rates will rise significantly and debt prices will crash .
It ’s not a matter of if , only when .
To continue at this pace is clearly unsustainable .
“ The crazy thing is that the U.S. government is not alone .
Emerging markets are also issuing record levels of bonds .
The Financial Times reports this morning that ‘ the surge in issuance this year [ hit ] its highest point since records began in 1962 . ’
The biggest issuers include China , Brazil , Russia , South Korea and some of the Gulf states .
“ Incredibly , most seem to look at these debt issuances as positives for the global economy .
The FT , for instance , opined ( in the middle of its news story ) that the debt sales were ‘ an encouraging sign for the world economy . ’
“ It ’s a weird paradigm that thinks growing debt levels are a good thing for the global economy , but it is a mainstream view .
Economists , lost in their models and abstract curves , preach the benefits of stimulus — printing money and spending and borrowing .
And people seem to eat this up . ”
If you read Planet Perl Iron Man ( and you should ) or listen to the discussions of the corehackers project , you may have seen more discussion about Perl 5's DarkPAN problem .
One of the big tensions in the Perl 5 world is between progress and stability .
( I use both terms with the same sense of distaste I hear the terms " pro-choice " and " pro-life " .
Then again , I sympathize with linguistic prescriptivism , if only to clarify motives and intent . )
" Perl 5 must change , " some people cry .
" There 's no good reason Perl should n't enable strictures and warnings by default for all new programs ! "
" Perl 5 can not change , " retort others .
" There 's too much existing code to change Perl 's behavior ! "
I find the latter argument ridiculous such that withering mockery is the only good response .
That 's rarely useful , however .
When people say " Perl 5 can not change its default behavior ! " , I believe they have in mind several other points .
Some of them are good points .
Yet until the Perl community as a whole can address those points directly , we 'll remain at an impasse .
( The word " impasse " overstates things ; to a man , the active Perl 5 pumpkings appear to hew strongly to the " Change is painful and bad and wrong " philosophy , even going as far to say that frequent releases are undesirable hassles because stat calls are not cheap . )
Translation to English of Various Meanings of " Stability Über Alles "
With that in mind , here are several possible meanings of " You can't change default behavior !
Distributors may upgrade Perl 5 in their installations and may have to upgrade packages which depend on Perl 5 to work with the new version .
This is true .
This is what distributors do .
This is what distributors do with all of their dependencies .
This is why distributors exist .
This is also only a problem if no optional mechanism of disabling new features exists -- and such a feature needs to exist .
Changing Perl 5's default behavior may render existing tutorials and examples obsolete .
Good .
Many existing examples of Perl 5 code are horrible .
A steadfast refusal to run unmaintainable code may even encourage the creation of better tutorials and the publication of better examples .
Existing code -- left untouched for a decade -- may suddenly break .
I do n't understand this point .
I ran into Perl 4 code the other day .
Somehow the last sixteen years of Perl 5 releases have not yet managed to erase all perl4 binaries -- as well as the Perl 4 source code -- from the world 's hard drives and tape drives and USB drives .
Why should anyone believe that Perl 5.10.0 will not be available when Perl 5.10.1 comes out ?
Ditto Perl 5.12.0 .
Sometimes this argument has nuance to it .
We must use a version of Perl supported by a vendor to whom we offer supplications of fresh fruits , wines , native crafts , and large checks .
In other words , you 're paying for the privilege of not upgrading .
Good for you .
Go bug the organization you 're paying .
That 's why you 're paying them .
Sometimes this argument indicates that the arguer has no business working with computers in a professional setting .
We do n't know what software we 're running and we wo n't know what will break if we upgrade and we do n't know how to fix it if it does .
If that 's you , write your stakeholders a letter suggesting that they try to avoid upgrading , ever .
Then find another line of work , perhaps something involving no technology more complex than one rock stacked atop another .
If you can't test your software against newer dependencies , identify any potential problems , and work with upstream to resolve those issues before you perform an upgrade -- or if you 're unwilling to do so -- then you are dangerously incompetent .
That kind of incompetence is not the Perl community 's responsibility .
Do n't short your stock , either -- that smacks of insider trading .
Frequent , experimental , zig - zag changes to Perl 5 syntax and semantics will be confusing !
Yeah .
That 's why no one 's suggested doing them .
Suggesting that Perl 5 could use real function signatures or strictures - on - by - default is very different from throwing every potential combination of hash - and - array - sort function into one big global namespace .
The desire to add missing features and the desire for more frequent releases by no means implies a lack of foresight or holistic design , nor a lack of comprehensive testing , nor thoughtful refinement of an idea and implementation to the point where it 's obviously right .
Changes mean bugs , and we can't have bugs !
There are already bugs .
There are already regressions -- including a performance regression that would have affected only a few people if a stable 5.10.1 had come out in early 2008 .
The only way to avoid bugs altogether is to avoid writing software .
The best you can do is make them unlikely , catch them early , and fix them quickly ( remembering that unreleased software may as well not exist to your users ) .
It 's irresponsible to break someone else 's code , especially if you can't see it .
It 's insane to support invisible code that may not even exist .
There are so many competing implementations of this idea on the CPAN , it 's obvious there 's no one right way to do things !
There are so many competing implementations of this idea on the CPAN because there 's no obvious good , default , built - in way to do things .
My code has to run on several different major versions of Perl ; I can't take advantage of these new features .
You have a change management problem .
Not me .
I can't show you a test case , but this change breaks my code !
There 's an invisible sign on the road by my house that gives me the right to charge a $ 5 toll .
Pay up .
This is the way it 's always been .
How 's that working out ?
A More Serious Take on Stability
Change does n't have to be painful .
Change does n't have to be chaotic .
It 's possible to meet many of the real underlying goals with technical means .
The problem is n't technical , however .
It 's social .
It 's fear .
This is the fear of risk -- the risk that unknown problems lurk in seemingly minor changes .
This is also the fear of the risk that the cost of mitigating this risk is too high .
This is especially the fear of the risk that changing Perl 5 will appear so expensive that people will stop using it .
With all of that mockery out of the way , perhaps the Perl community can have a sober assesment of risk , bereft of fears and stupid technical blatherings that serve only to obscure the real question :
Whose needs do the features and policies and strategies and goals and visions of Perl 5 development serve ?
Change for the sake of change itself is useless .
Stability for the sake of stability is equally useless .
No one wants complete stability or complete chaos .
( Even if you think you want complete stability , you do n't ; when you find a bug or a typo or a confusing section of documentation , you 've found a place where perfect stability gets in your way . )
( You 'd almost think the Perl 5 community did n't have a few experienced project managers , methodologists , risk managers , and software developers , if not several thousand people who know how to create , maintain , sustain , and release free software projects . )
There must be a middle ground .
There must be a way to identify real needs , prioritize useful changes , and deliver those changes to stakeholders in an efficient and effective fashion .
I reject the false dilemmas which state that we have to make a choice between relentless , plodding conservatism and Psychotic Hyperactive Purposless - esque change ...
... especially when the alternative is to suggest that every file containing modern
Perl code start with a wall of boilerplate :
use 5.010 ; use strict ; use warnings ; use utf8 ; use Carp ; use Want ; use CLASS ; use SUPER ; use autodie ; use autobox ; use signatures ; use mro ' c3 ' ; use IO : : Handle ; use File : : stat ; use autobox :: Core ; use UNIVERSAL :: ref ;
I hate to channel John Stuart Mill , but if Perl 5 stays like that for long , it wo n't be a language suitable for novices to write new programs .
It 'll be merely a great language to maintain code written in the late '90s not yet replaced with something with slightly saner defaults .
That would be a pity .
Diane Abbott is left to cringe and snigger as the video is replayed of her making slurping sounds while fellow Labour MP Keith Vaz speaks in gushing terms about the new Home Secretary .
She then explains her actions in the This Week studio about the clip that has been an internet hit .
Is P=NP an Ill Posed Problem ?
P=NP has an infinite number of possible outcomes
Russell Impagliazzo is one of the most original thinkers in complexity theory , and is famous for many wonderful things .
One of his papers is on many worlds .
The worlds are : Algorithmica , Heuristica , Pessiland , Minicrypt , and Cryptomania .
See his paper for the definitions and see this for a recent conference on this topics .
Today I want to talk about a different take on P=NP and possible worlds that we live in .
I think that the situation is much more complex than Russell ’s view .
As usual , I have a different view of things , which I hope you will find interesting .
Some of you may have been at Russell ’s invited talk at STOC 2006 .
It was a great talk , as all his presentations are .
But , the coolest part–for me–was that he arrived to the conference with transparencies , overheads .
The room for the invited talk was very wide and not very deep .
So it was critical that his slides appear on two projectors , otherwise part of the audience would be unable to see his slides .
Of course if he had used Powerpoint this would have been automatic .
Since Russell arrived with plastic slides to the conference at the last minute there was a slightly - panicked run to Kinko’s .
There they made identical copies of his colorful slides .
Later , as he spoke and turned his slides the slides on the other projector also flipped–magically .
Of course someone had the job of trying to keep this all in synch .
It was a great talk , in any event .
Now let ’s turn first to another famous open problem the Riemann Hypothesis .
Riemann Hypothesis
The prime number theorem states that , the number of primes less than , is well approximated by the logarithmic integral :
where
and is the error term .
The Riemann Hypothesis ( RH ) implies that the error term , , is order –ignoring logarithmic terms .
But , the RH is “ binary ” in the sense that even one zero that is not on the critical line destroys this bound .
More precisely , if there is a zero at with , then the error term in the prime number theorem is at least –again ignoring some logarithmic factors .
I thank Andy Odlyzko for pointing out this tight relationship between a non-critical zero and the error term .
This is a relatively simple behavior , one bad apple and the whole distribution of the prime numbers changes .
Famously , Enrico Bombieri has said that “ The failure of the Riemann hypothesis would create havoc in the distribution of prime numbers . ”
P=NP is Different
I claim that our problem P=NP is different than the RH , since there is no “ one bad apple ” behavior .
Consider first what a proof that P=NP could look like .
There might be an algorithm for SAT that runs in a reasonable time bound .
This would be an immense result , and would change the world .
Crypto-systems would all be destroyed , whole parts of theory would have to radically change .
This is why many people believe that P=NP is impossible–at least that ’s my impression –they say it would be too good to be true .
I agree that it would be an amazing situation , but it is only one of a multitude of possibilities .
There might be an algorithm for SAT that is polynomial but with a very high exponent , for example , .
This would win the million Clay dollars , but would have a more philosophical impact .
Crypto-researchers would worry that eventually the algorithm could be made practical , but it would not have any immediate practical impact .
Research papers would have to do a song and dance : “ we study an approximation to the following NP - hard problem , that is in P of course thanks to the famous result of X , but we feel our results are still interesting because ”
There might be an algorithm that is polynomial in a very weak sense .
What if its running time is
That would be great , I think you still get the money , but crypto people could still sleep at night , without any sleep aids .
There might exist an algorithm that runs in time for some constant that is not even known .
Results like this are quite possible , if the proof of the algorithm ’s correctness used some indirect argument .
Again you still get the cash –I believe .
Now consider what a proof that P is not equal to NP could look like .
SAT might require exponential time .
The best algorithm might run in time , for example .
This type of behavior is what many believe .
There even is a “ formal ” conjecture that the best algorithm for 3 - SAT will have this type of running time .
Note , even here one needs to be careful : what if the running time is ?
Recall Alan Perlis said :
For every polynomial algorithm you have , I have an exponential algorithm that I would rather run .
SAT might have wild complexity .
Perhaps for some lengths the best running is exponential , but infinitely often the best time is polynomial in .
This could happen .
SAT might be barely super polynomial : what if the lower bound is
Does this really mean anything ?
Yet it would technically resolve the P=NP question , would be an immense achievement , would win the Clay Prize , and probably many other prizes too .
But does it really imply that SAT is “ intractable ? ”
SAT might have no polynomial time algorithm , but there could be random algorithms
The Riemann Hypothesis Again
You might be thinking what if the RH is true , could it have the same complex behavior that P=NP can ?
In particular , could the RH be true , but with a crazy error term :
Is n’t this the same issue that I raised above ?
The answer is that this cannot happen for the RH :
The following is a theorem :
Theorem :
If RH , then for all ,
This is due to Lowell Schoenfeld , who actually proved that RH is equivalent to his inequality .
Is P=NP Ill Posed ?
I love the P=NP question , but it occurs to me that in a sense the question is “ ill posed . ”
David Hilbert said once :
“ If I were to awaken after having slept for a thousand years , my first question would be : Has the Riemann hypothesis been proven ? ”
After sleeping for a thousand years knowing if P has been proved to be not equal to NP , would not be nearly as meaningful as knowing that RH has been proved .
To make my point consider three players : Paula , Ted , and George .
Paula is a practical minded computer scientist , Ted is a theory minded computer scientist , and George is the best gossip in the department .
There are two scenes .
In the first P=NP and in the second P NP .
George barges into Paula ’s office without knocking .
She is about to complain that she is in a meeting with Ted , when George says , “ Ted did you hear that P=NP has been proved !
I just got off the phone with Lance and the proof is correct . ”
Paula sees
Ted jump up at this and he says , “ are you kidding ? ”
George is out of breathe , but smiling .
It ’s no joke .
“ Unbelievable , unbelievable ” , is all that Ted can manage .
Paula has never seen George this excited , “ no it ’s really true .
The FOCS program committee accepted the paper , even though she did not submit it .
I guess that ’s a first , she just missed the deadline or something . ”
Paula sits behind a large desk that is covered in books on circuit design and VLSI , says “ this is great .
Finally , you theory guys have done something that I can use .
I ca n’t wait to get my team implementing the algorithm . ”
She sees
Ted sit down , he is turning pale and mutters to himself , “ Dammit , this wipes out Fred ’s thesis .
I told that idiot to finish it last spring . ”
Paula ignores him , “ this will change VLSI design and testing and – ”
George interrupts her , “ well not quite Paula .
I hear that the running time of her algorithm is bad . ”
“ What ?
How bad is bad ? ”
“ I think its running time is , although I forget if there is a logarithmic factor too .
But , P=NP ! ” ’
George barges into Paula ’s office without knocking .
She is about to complain that she is in a meeting with Ted , when George says , “ Ted did you hear that P NP has been proved !
I just got off the phone with Lance and the proof is correct . ”
Paula sees
Ted jump up at this and he says , “ are you kidding ? ”
George is out of breathe , but smiling .
It ’s no joke .
“ Unbelievable , unbelievable ” , is all that Ted can manage .
Paula has never seen George this excited , “ no it ’s really true .
The STOC program committee accepted the paper , even though she did not submit it .
I guess that ’s a first , she just missed the deadline or something . ”
Paula who is listening from behind a large desk that is covered in books on circuit design and VLSI , idly checks her Seiko .
It ’s almost twenty to 12 , she needs to leave for her lunch meeting soon .
Ted says , “ I knew it , that crazy blogger –what ’s his name ?
– always talking about P could equal NP .
Well he was wrong .
What an idiot . ”
George says , “ yeah . ”
“ So how does the proof go ? ”
“ It ’s a circuit lower bound , she proves SAT requires at least size circuits .
Avoids the usual roadblocks by using that new combinatorial lemma of Terry .
Is n’t this wonderful . ”
Paula who a moment ago was hardly listening says , “ Did I hear you right ?
That ’s not a very big bound .
Let ’s see if is a million , let me see , that ’s not even a quadratic lower bound .
Were those log ’s base two ? ”
“ Of course they ’re base two , log ’s are always base two .
But it ’s a super polynomial lower bound , P NP ! ”
My apologies to all fiction writers that have ever lived .
Open Problems
My point is simple :
There is a huge variance in the potential answers to the question : Does P equal NP ?
It ’s not simple .
Equal , not equal , Equal , not equal .
There are an infinite number of possibilities .
I think that this is what makes me think that we need to work hard on this problem .
A class of open problems is to prove something like Schoenfeld ’s theorem for P=NP .
Can we show that some of the above pathological behaviors cannot occur ?
Or can we show that one pathological behavior implies another ?
Or precludes another ?
Fact Sheet
Publisher : Sony Computer Entertainment America ( SCEA )
Platform : PLAYSTATION®3 ( PS3 ™ )
Genre : Action - Adventure
Players : Single - Player
Release : March 2010
Rating : “ RP ” for Rating Pending
OVERVIEW
Developed exclusively for the PLAYSTATION®3 ( PS3 ™ ) system , God of War® III is the final installment of the multi-million unit- selling trilogy .
Developed by Sony Computer Entertainment ’s Santa Monica Studios , God of War III will bring epic battles to life with stunning graphics and an elaborate plot that puts Kratos at the center of carnage and destruction as he seeks revenge against the Gods who have betrayed him .
Set in the realm of brutal Greek mythology , God of War III is a single - player game that allows players to take on the climatic role of the ex-Spartan warrior , Kratos , as he scales through the intimidating heights of Mt. Olympus and the dark depths of Hell to seek revenge on those who have betrayed him .
Armed with double - chained blades , and an array of new weapons and magic for this iteration of the trilogy , Kratos must take on mythology ’s darkest creatures while solving intricate puzzles throughout his merciless quest to destroy Olympus .
Utilizing a new game engine built from the ground up and state - of - the - art visual technologies , the development team behind God of War III has made standard - setting strides in giving players the realistic feel of actually being on the battlegrounds .
With texture resolutions quadrupling since God of War II on PlayStation ®2 computer entertainment system , God of War III , in its debut on the PS3 system , will feature fluid , life - like characters , as well as dynamic lighting effects , a robust weapon system , and world - changing scenarios that will truly bring unmistakable realism to Kratos ’ fateful quest .
Players will have a chance to join battles on a grand scale that is four times larger than its predecessor .
KEY FEATURES
Dominic Laurie
Working Lunch
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A company will begin offering a directory service from next week that allows people to find the mobile phone numbers of people they do n't know .
Run by 118800 , it will cost £ 1 and use databases of numbers it said are freely available for purchase and in the public domain .
Anyone searching for a number can type the name and location of the person into the 118800 website .
It claims to have some 15 m numbers in its database .
Raj Raithatha , chief executive of Connectivity , the controversial mobile phone directory service , tells Working Lunch 's Declan Curry that the 118800 service is an innovation .
Privacy campaigners have been angered by the system despite it getting the all - clear from the Information Commissioner 's Office ( ICO ) .
The ICO ruled that the system did comply with current law and was little different from companies who use such contact lists for cold calling .
It said that opting out of the service should be made easy for those not wanting their details to be used in the directory .
Privacy concerns Shona
Foster says her company is acting ethically .
118800 gets numbers from three sources .
First , market research companies who contact individuals and ask if they would be prepared to allow their numbers to be used for commercial purposes .
Second , from online businesses who often ask customers to tick boxes during the normal course of online transactions .
Thirdly , 118800 gets them from brokers who buy and sell lists of phone numbers .
118800 said that has about 15 m phone numbers on its databases which is just a fraction of the 40 m adults who have one or more handsets in the UK .
Some legal observers are concerned by the precedent the system sets .
" You are supposed to have people 's consent if you are going to pass their number around and they need to know where it is going to go , " says Chris Watson , a lawyer at CMS Cameron McKenna .
" When people tick a box , saying they have no objection to their number going to the company they are dealing with , they do n't anticipate that it could then be sold .
" Not just possibly to trading partners , but to anybody under the sun " .
Connectivity - the company operating the 118800 service - said that privacy is paramount to them , and that it 's easy to withdraw your mobile phone number from their databases should you choose to do so .
To unsubscribe , you can either click on the ex directory button on the their web homepage , or you can text the letter ' E ' to 118800 from the mobile phone you want to be made ex-directory .
118800 will send you an SMS message confirming you 've been taken off .
118800 website " We are accessing data in the same way that lots of other companies do for marketing purposes " , Shona Forster , 118800 's Marketing Director , told Working Lunch .
" The difference is that we do n't use that data for marketing purposes and we do n't sell it on to anybody else " .
How it works
If the company has it , contact details will be sent in a text message to them .
On the phone version , you call the number , and again they will check whether they have the person 's details on their database .
You are supposed to have people 's consent if you are going to pass their number around and they need to know where it is going to go .
Chris Watson , Lawyer
If they do , they will call them up while you are still on the line and ask them whether they are prepared to have your call put through to them .
In neither case is the mobile phone number given over to the person making the request .
Both services cost £ 1 .
For most of the 20th century , the landline was the only phone around .
With the mobile you 're always available , so it 's the number most of us dial first .
So it is perhaps not surprising that a directory service is starting up that allows people to find out someone else 's mobile phone number in the same way we 've always been able to do for landlines .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Fuck You Charles Gibson .
You who are so worried that someone might push you to the back of the line , or the middle , or maybe you 'll have to go second or third .
What an arrogant remark from an arrogant SOB .
It must be nice to sit on that high horse and look down at 46 million people and not have a clue about what an asshole you are .
Well let me tell you about one of these 46 million .
She 's my daughter , Shaina , and she is 22 years old .
Shaina 's story is not as dramatic as some , or as urgent , but it 's becoming more and more typical .
She works full time at a salon as a hair stylist .
She makes either minimum wage or commission , whichever is greater that week .
Most of the time it 's minimum wage because the anchor store for that particular strip mall closed and there 's not much reason for people to go there any more so there are very few walk - ins .
Many of her regular clients have decided to forgo the luxury of salon color for a box dye , or they 're letting their hair go an additional few weeks before they get it cut .
They sure are n't coming in just for a wash and style any more .
Even in this nice area , the money is just not there .
Shaina 's employer does provide health insurance for her small business but she would have to work for almost a week to pay the monthly premium and there is still a $ 5000 deductible .
It 's not affordable for her on $ 7.15 an hour .
( Which , by the way , is less money than I , a high school graduate , made 20 years ago when she was a toddler . )
After graduating from cosmetology school and getting kicked off of our insurance plan at the end of that month , Shaina applied for private insurance but was denied .
The reason for the denial was the panic attacks that consumed her life when she was in eleventh grade .
Even back then I knew that by getting her some medical help and a diagnosis , I was screwing her for the health insurance market , but I weighed it out and concluded that she was even more screwed if she spent the rest of her life afraid to leave the house , curled up on the couch under a blanket , constantly sipping water with shaking hands , pale and crying and unable to explain to me or her father or even to herself what it was that she was so afraid of .
So we made an appointment with a psychiatrist and somehow convinced her to walk out the front door to the car , then from the car to the doctor 's office , promising the whole way that she would be all right and that nothing bad would happen .
This morning my phone rang at 8:00 and I saw that it was her and I knew that it could n't be good .
Sure enough , she has another urinary tract infection ... probably the eighth one in the past 10 months ... only now there 's blood when she wipes and she 's in far more pain than with the others .
Not having a primary care doctor , she usually walks in to MedExpress ( no appointment necessary ) when she gets these UTI 's , where they give her antibiotics which help but the infection reoccurs in a few weeks .
Today I took her to the ER , partly hoping that they would do some tests to make sure the infection is not in her kidneys , and partly in a panic that she was in such pain .
After waiting two hours , she got a room in the back .
Another hour later , a PA came in and examined her .
Another hour later the doctor came in and said that the lab test on her urine showed that there was an infection and put her on antibiotics but ordered no further testing .
She did refer her to a urologist .
Nothing happened in the ER that has n't happened before at MedExpress , only the wait time was longer and I 'm sure it cost several times as much .
I 'll eat the bill on this one .
Live and learn .
And wait .
So now to get back to you , Charlie Gibson , and your sickeningly arrogant remark .
Let 's talk about waiting for a minute .
Let 's talk about how Shaina cried this morning when she had to call off work because she was actually pretty well booked with clients .
I wonder what happened when they came in to the salon and their stylist was n't there ?
Do you think that maybe they waited for someone else ?
Or are they waiting for Shaina to come back tomorrow from her costly trip to the ER ?
What about you Charlie ?
Ever wait for anything out there in your world ?
Ever stop to consider that maybe you are waiting in a long line because an employee finally gave in and took 3 day 's pay to see a doctor for something that 's been bothering him ?
Do you ever just look at people in their jobs , you know ... your barber , the guy who delivers your paper , the cashier at the snack bar in your building , the girl who cleans your office , the person who fits you for your suits in whatever fancy - ass store you buy them in up there in NYC ... and wonder if they 're insured ?
Because I do .
I look at everyone .
It 's some kind of obsession with me now , wondering about the random people I interact with in my every day life , and I guess I 've gotten this way by knowing and loving someone who could face disaster at any given moment and I am still filled with disbelief at the animosity that some show towards her .
When you made that remark , did n't it ever occur to you that there would be perfectly honest , intelligent , taxpaying , uninsured Americans watching this program with intense personal interest who would be overcome with varying degrees of ... horror ... depending on how long they 've been fighting this battle ?
It wears you out , Charlie , it consumes you .
But I think I 'm asking a lot by expecting you to understand .
Fucker .
See also : clitóris and clítoris
English [ edit ]
clitoris English Wikipedia has an article on : Wikipedia
Etymology [ edit ]
From post - classical Latin clitoris ( 16th century ) , or its source , Koine Greek κλειτορί ς ( kleitorís ) , probably from Ancient Greek κλείω ( kleíō , “ I sheathe , shut ” ) , in reference to its being covered by the labia minora .
The related noun form κλεί ς ( kleís ) has a second meaning of " a key , a latch or hook ( to close a door ) . "
Wooden pegs were the original keys ; a connection also revealed in Latin clavis ( “ nail ” ) and claudere ( “ to shut ” ) ( see close ) .
Some medical sources give a supposed Greek verb κλειτοριάζω ( kleitoriázō , “ touch or titillate lasciviously , tickle ” ) literally " to be inclined ( toward pleasure ) " ( compare German Kitzler ( “ clitoris ” , literally “ tickler ” ) , related to Greek κλειτύ ς ( kleitús ) , a variant of κλιτύ ς ( klitús , “ hillside ” ) , related to κλίνω ( klínō , “ I slope ” ) , from the same root as κλῖμαξ ( klîmax , “ ladder ” ) .
But many sources take κλειτορί ς ( kleitorís ) literally as Ancient Greek " little hill " .
Pronunciation [ edit ]
Noun [ edit ]
clitoris ( plural clitorises or clitorides )
( anatomy )
A sensitive elongated erectile organ at the anterior part of the vulva in female humans and mammals , homologous with the penis .
1740 , Anonymous , A Dialogue Between a Lady and a Maid : Juſt before them , towards the upper Part of the C—t , is a Thing they call Clitoris , which , is a little like a Man 's P—k , for it will ſwell , and ſtand like his [… ] .
, Anonymous , : 1999 , Natalie Angier , Woman : An Intimate Geography , p. 65 :
The average infant clitoris , when measured from the base of the shaft to the top of the glans , is about 4 or 5 millimeters , the height of a pencil eraser .
( ornithology ) A similar erectile sexual organ present in the cloacas of female ratites .
Synonyms [ edit ]
See also Thesaurus : clitoris .
Hypernyms [ edit ]
Derived terms [ edit ]
Translations [ edit ]
Anagrams [ edit ]
Dutch [ edit ]
Etymology [ edit ]
Borrowed from New Latin clitoris , from Ancient Greek κλειτορί ς ( kleitorís ) .
Pronunciation [ edit ]
IPA ( key ) : /ˈkli.toː.rɪs /
: Audio
Hyphenation : cli‧to‧ris
Noun [ edit ]
clitoris f ( plural clitores or clitorissen , diminutive clitorisje n )
Related terms [ edit ]
French [ edit ]
Etymology [ edit ]
From Ancient Greek κλειτορίς ( kleitorís ) .
Pronunciation [ edit ]
Noun [ edit ]
clitoris m ( plural clitoris )
Further reading [ edit ]
“ clitoris ” in Trésor de la langue française informatisé ( The Digitized Treasury of the French Language ) .
Interlingua [ edit ]
Noun [ edit ]
clitoris ( uncountable )
Officer whose dog died in SUV wo n't be charged
An Alameda police K - 9 officer whose dog died after he left it in his personal sport utility vehicle for several hours during a training session will not face charges , authorities said today .
The officer , whose name was not released , left the 6 1/2 - year - old Belgian Malinois inside his SUV while attending a use - of - force training exercise May 5 on Lincoln Avenue , police Lt. Bill Scott said .
When the officer returned to his vehicle after about three hours and 15 minutes , he found his dog " in distress , " Scott said .
It was declared dead at a veterinary hospital .
The cause is under investigation .
" It is very tragic when an animal dies under these circumstances , but there is insufficient evidence to prove that the officer acted unreasonably , " said Charlette Green , an Alameda County senior deputy district attorney who reviewed the case .
The SUV had at least one window down for ventilation , Scott said .
It a was not an unusually warm day - according to the National Weather Service , the high temperature that day at nearby Oakland International Airport was 70 degrees .
The officer remains on duty and is still the subject of an internal investigation by the Alameda Police Department .
Following our intriguing look at air conditioned clothing , we decided to leave fashion alone and have a rummage with a view to discovering what other strange air conditioned items are available to buy at the moment .
Needless to say , we were n’t disappointed .
It seems that if you ’re hot enough and have enough disposable income , pretty much anything can be electronically cooled .
1. Your Bed
Japanese company Kuchofuku – also responsible for some of the cool clothing we featured previously – have also decided to manufacture a mattress cover which could end those unbearably hot nights .
Dual fans positioned within the foot of the mattress suck air through what is essentially an air cushion from the head of the bed .
The air then circulates around the bed and ensures a comfortable night ’s sleep .
The accessory can be bought here .
2. Your Golf Cart
We ’ve all experienced it .
You ’re driving around the golf course in a cart , not a care in the world , but the sun is selfishly and constantly beating down on you and threatening your composure .
Enter the Mighty Kool MG3 , a portable air conditioning unit which claims to be the ‘ World ’s First & Only Dual System Roof Top Golf Cart Air Conditioner ’ .
It attaches to the golf cart ’s roof and promises to keep your head cool no matter how badly you ’re playing .
Buy it here .
3. Your Garden
The strangest air - conditioner we found , and probably the most ridiculous , is the Intelli Cool , an outdoor air conditioner which beavers away in order to cool the air around you as you sunbathe in your garden .
The device uses ‘ special water evaporation technology ’ to lower the temperature should you be overheating outside and even has a built in lamp to ensure sufficient light while you cool down at night .
4. Your Local Bus Stop
We all know that Dubai is an incredibly hot place to live , or visit .
We also know that Dubai is ( or was at least when these things were implemented ) an extremely affluent region of the world .
No wonder then that there are more than a couple of air conditioned bus shelters lining the city ’s streets , cooling down commuters as they wait for the next wave of public transport .
The bus stop above can be found near the Burj Al Arab .
5. Your Office Chair
Providing you have a bum and work somewhere that has at least once experienced a hot day , you will no doubt have suffered from a case of ‘ sweaty buttocks ’ at the office .
Well , the same Japanese company which brought us the air conditioned bed have come up with a product to combat this very condition .
It ’s an air conditioned seat cushion and can ‘ pump up to 170 litres of air per minute through the seat using an extraordinarily low amount of electricity in the process ‘ .
You can buy the product , provided you speak Japanese , here .
6. Your Coffin
If there ’s one thing I ’d wish for when I die , it ’s to not be overheating whilst resting in my coffin .
Thankfully a Serbian company have developed a £ 4’500 hi-tech coffin which apparently keeps the corpse ’s body at a low temperature prior to burial , ensuring a humidity - free ceremony for all .
A spokesman said , “ People imagine they want to feel comfortable in a coffin .
They feel they want to be as relaxed as possible as they make their journey to the next world ” .
Nice .
7. Your Dog ’s Luxury Kennel
Gone are the days when you could shove your dog in a wooden box in the backyard .
These days people make a living from producing dog houses more luxurious than most people ’s homes .
The example above belongs to Rachel Hunter ’s dog and is an exact miniature replica of the model ’s mansion , including a working air - conditioning system .
If you possess the money and madness to purchase your own air - conditioned dog house , go here .
Chad 's government denies backing Jem rebels A BBC reporter in Chad has seen armed Sudanese rebels openly driving through Oure Cassoni camp for Darfur refugees .
The Justice and Equality Movement ( Jem ) fighters were armed with rocket - propelled grenades and AK - 47s .
A Jem spokesman told the BBC his group had permission from the authorities to enter the camp near Sudan 's border for supplies and to get vehicles fixed .
Aid workers say their presence in the camp , near the town of Bahay , is putting refugees ' safety at risk .
The BBC's Celeste Hicks in Bahay says last month planes bombed three kilometres away from the camp , in what was believed to be Sudanese retaliation for Jem taking the Darfuri towns of Kornoi and Um Baru in May .
Jem is not being paid by the Chadian government , we have no way of putting pressure on them
Mahamat Hissene
Chad government spokesman
Who are Sudan 's Darfur rebels ?
Two local people and many animals were killed .
" All the children had gone to the wadi [ dry river bed ] to collect firewood , " refugee Izadine Kashir told the BBC " We heard the bombing and saw huge clouds of smoke .
Everyone panicked and the women went running out of the camp to get the children . "
More than two million people have been forced from their homes during the six - year conflict in Darfur .
Some 250,000 have crossed the border into Chad .
No peacekeeper patrols According to the UN 's refugee agency , the carrying of arms into refugee camps is prohibited by international refugee law .
Mapping a crisis But Oure Cassoni falls well short of those rules , our correspondent says .
" We cannot provide assistance [ unless ] in a neutral environment - the capacity to ensure its civilian and humanitarian nature is just not there , " says Serge Male , UNHCR 's outgoing representative in Chad .
The UNHCR had hoped the arrival in 2008 of the UN peacekeeping mission for Chad and the Central African Republic ( Minurcat ) would provide a deterrent to the armed men , our reporter says .
But while they have started patrols further south , humanitarian workers in Bahay say it has been months since they last saw them .
" We have had a challenge of finding water to set up a permanent base there , " says Minurcat head Victor Angelo .
" But we will do everything that 's necessary to stop people using the camp to recruit children or as a rest and recuperation facility . "
Some two million people in Darfur have fled their homes since 2003 UNHCR warns that unless Minurcat deploys , aid workers have only two options .
" Either we move the camp , or finally we can decide to completely withdraw assistance .
Something has to change soon , " Mr Male says .
Chad 's government denies allegations it has close links with Jem , who come from the same ethnic group as President Idriss Deby - and are often seen in N'Djamena hotels .
" Jem is not being paid by the Chadian government , we have no way of putting pressure on them , " says government spokesperson Mahamat Hissene .
" We 've done everything we can to bring security to Chad but with so many refugees we had to ask the UN peacekeepers to come in . "
Jem took up arms in 2003 , complaining that Sudan 's Arab - dominated government was discriminating against Darfur .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
About 7 percent comes from the stimulus bill that Mr. Obama signed in February .
And only 3 percent comes from Mr. Obama ’s agenda on health care , education , energy and other areas .
If the analysis is extended further into the future , well beyond 2012 , the Obama agenda accounts for only a slightly higher share of the projected deficits .
How can that be ?
Some of his proposals , like a plan to put a price on carbon emissions , do n’t cost the government any money .
Others would be partly offset by proposed tax increases on the affluent and spending cuts .
Congressional and White House aides agree that no large new programs , like an expansion of health insurance , are likely to pass unless they are paid for .
Alan Auerbach , an economist at the University of California , Berkeley , and an author of a widely cited study on the dangers of the current deficits , describes the situation like so : “ Bush behaved incredibly irresponsibly for eight years .
On the one hand , it might seem unfair for people to blame Obama for not fixing it .
On the other hand , he ’s not fixing it . ”
“ And , ” he added , “ not fixing it is , in a sense , making it worse . ”
When challenged about the deficit , Mr. Obama and his advisers generally start talking about health care .
“ There is no way you can put the nation on a sound fiscal course without wringing inefficiencies out of health care , ” Peter Orszag , the White House budget director , told me .
Outside economists agree .
The Medicare budget really is the linchpin of deficit reduction .
But there are two problems with leaving the discussion there .
First , even if a health overhaul does pass , it may not include the tough measures needed to bring down spending .
Ultimately , the only way to do so is to take money from doctors , drug makers and insurers , and it is n’t clear whether Mr. Obama and Congress have the stomach for that fight .
So far , they have focused on ideas like preventive care that would do little to cut costs .
Does the recession with its rampant layoffs and cutbacks make your job look better all the time ?
Believe it or not , donning a pair of " recession goggles " can be good for your career and your mental health .
Research shows that an attitude of gratitude in trying times can not only help you keep your job , but get you the job you want .
It 's a counterintuitive concept , for sure .
In today 's economic maelstrom , the most common responses are panic , fear , anger , distrust , and even hostility .
But a Harvard Business Review article " How to Protect Your Job in a Recession " studied the characteristics of recession survivors and found that those who avoided being cut were cheerful , likable , generous contributors , and not necessarily the most skilled and proficient .
" Just do n't be the guy who 's always in a bad mood , reminding colleagues how vulnerable everyone is .
Who wants to be in the trenches with him ? " caution authors Janet Banks and Diane Coutu .
Workplace relationship expert Courtney Anderson agrees , and observes that tolerance for bad actors – particularly those higher up the food chain – is shrinking .
" The handwriting is on the wall for them in a lot of organizations , " says Ms. Anderson , founder of Courtney Anderson & Associates , a human resources firm in Austin , Texas .
" When times are good , companies will tolerate a lot .
But in this economy , every single decision is double - and triple - checked .
It will be tough for the really poor managers to make it through , "
This could explain why the ax is falling higher up the management chain .
Companies are looking to save more money , and bigger salaries yield larger savings .
Today 's unemployment rate for college - educated workers , 4.1 percent , is the highest it 's been since the US Bureau of Labor Statistics began tracking the data in 1992 .
It is more than twice its prerecession level , according to the Center for Economic and Policy Research , putting the risk of being unemployed proportionately higher for college - educated workers than for less - educated ones .
When productivity is in decline , Anderson says , other factors gain more value in the decisionmaking process about who stays and who goes .
" I used to go to organizations , " Anderson says , " and they would describe a horrible situation : ' Felicia curses people out , she yells and is mean , but she delivers . '
They would want me to figure out how to keep the person and be flexible because the person delivered .
Now , with the current macroeconomic picture , they wo n't put up with it .
There is a financial opportunity to get rid of the people who create problems . "
Anderson says corporate leaders are now placing more value on workers who add positive energy to the atmosphere beyond increasing sales and visibility .
She says that includes placing those who are grouchy and unpleasant on the layoff list , but also the person who never says anything , the colleague who is invisible and flies under the radar .
" All variations of not contributing and making it a positive , efficient workplace are being considered , " Anderson says .
If striking a cheerful pose in tough times does n't come naturally , consider that it does require conscious effort .
And even the act of trying to be happy can make a difference .
" If you stay positive , you 'll have more influence on how things play out , " advise Ms. Banks and Ms. Coutu .
Banks is a veteran of at least a dozen corporate downsizings , and Coutu has studied resilience in many settings .
They say survivors and those who leverage layoffs to their advantage focus on anticipating the needs of customers and those above and below them inside the office .
During periods of numerous layoffs , vacuums occur at all levels , leaving many opportunities to help your boss and the company get more accomplished .
" Prove your value to the firm by showing your relevance to the work at hand , " Banks and Coutu note , " which may have shifted since the economy softened . "
The key to donning recession goggles is to make decisions you wo n't regret when the recession fades and more prosperous times return .
" We should affirm to ourselves each day why we are doing what we do , " Anderson says .
" If you are truly , truly miserable , even in a bad economy , you may be better off doing something else : taking a break , going back to school , or working part time .
It 's valid to ask ourselves : ' Do I enjoy this ?
Why am I here ? '
Reevaluate . "
She reminds us that if you find you are in a job exclusively for the paycheck – that is , uh , OK .
It is a superb reason to go to work and be satisfied in this economy .
" You can still go to work and have a good day , " Anderson says .
Especially pay day .
" Bad times remind us all of the basics ....
We should n't take things for granted . "
After 5 months of hard work , the Amarok team is proud to present the next major version of Amarok , 2.1 .
When Amarok 2.0 was released , we celebrated the first of many steps along what will be a long series of Amarok 2.x releases .
The 2.0 release brought with it an entirely new foundation to build on , and a developer team more motivated than ever to make Amarok 2 the best music player possible .
While Amarok 2.0 contained many new features and ideas , it was also lacking many features that users of the previous , very successful , versions of Amarok had come to expect .
With the release of Amarok 2.1 we are not only starting to close this gap , but we are also introducing a number of new and unique features that will make your music listening experience even better .
Playlist Improvements
Context View
Bookmarking
Amarok URLs
Last.fm
ReplayGain Support
Collection Headers
Media Devices
Compilation support
Phonon Configuration
and more !
The highlights of this release are : The playlist in Amarok 2.1 has undergone many improvements since the last release .
You can now search and filter its content and queue tracks as well as tell Amarok to stop playing after a certain track .
The biggest change however is the new playlist layout editor .
It lets you make the playlist look the way you like it .
Covers , ratings , genres or just a simple track name ?
It 's up to you !
It comes with a few layouts predefined and leaves the rest for your creativity !
The improved Context View comes with a new layout and makes better use of free space .
Applet management has been improved and applets follow your KDE color scheme .
Instead of using multiple pages with applets , new Context View displays them in one vertical column which can be reorganized with a handy widget at the bottom .
Bookmarking is finally here !
Bookmarking comes in two types , automatic and manual .
When you are listening to a long podcast , audiobook ( or any other track longer than 10 minutes )
Amarok will automatically mark the last listened to position and auto resume playback when you return to the track .
You can also manually bookmark a position in any track to save for later .
Amarok URLs allow you to create a link to a certain place in Amarok .
For example , you could make an URL to a great song you found on Jamendo and send it to your friend .
Her Amarok will open the Jamendo service and the song you found .
Stumbled upon an exceptional audio book on LibriVox ?
Create a link and send it to your family .
In this release we are just starting to explore what is possible using these URLs , so expect to see many interesting features based on this in the future .
The Last .fm service received an interface update and now allows you to play any tag , user , or artist radio .
We have also added an option to mark songs in your local collection as loved .
Now you can show how much love you have , even for local tracks .
;-) Amarok now supports ReplayGain natively .
When it is enabled Amarok equalizes the volume of songs with ReplayGain tags to avoid big unexpected volume changes between songs .
It currently requires the GStreamer Phonon backend .
Headers in the collection browser now have a much cleaner , more distinctive look .
Album cover support for iPods has been added and many bugs have been fixed .
Thanks to the sleepless nights of many Amarok developers , identifying albums as compilations ( aka " Various Artists " ) now works more reliably :) There 's no need to leave Amarok in order to change the system - wide sound settings anymore .
The Phonon configuration can now be opened from Amarok 's preference dialog .
This is especially handy when using Amarok in other desktop environments and operating systems .
Grab your copy of Amarok 2.1 today and rediscover music !
You can find videos of some of the above mentioned features in our YouTube account .
If you want to find out what we are working on for Amarok 2.2 and beyond , check our blog posts on our Planet
Nuka Cola Machine
( Update ) Woah !
We had no idea this thing would get this much exposure .
We just dressed it up for a shop party this weekend on a whim . :)
The machine is an old Vendo96 with stickers designed by my friend Peggy and printed on our large - format printer .
The NukaCola Quantum is a Mike 's Hard Lemonade with an auqa - colored LED and battery taped to the bottom of the bottle .
That 's one of us Shop Guys holding the bottle all Vanna - White - on - smack style .
Because so many have asked ( and Peggy has offered to give it away ) , here are the sticker designs in Adobe Illustrator format : Nuka-Cola.ai
Drop me a line if you have any questions : gadgetdragon@gmail.com
Thanks !
Former top UBS AG investment banker Jeffrey McDermott and several other Wall Street veterans have launched a boutique advisory firm focused on alternative energy and “ cleantech ” companies .
The formation of Greentech Capital Advisors LLC represents two of the biggest trends in financial services these days .
The New York firm becomes the latest in a legion of new niche firms taking advantage of the Wall Street shakeout and training its sights on fast - growing sectors of the economy .
McDermott told Reuters much of the credit goes to his 14 - year - old - son , Dylan , who expressed an interest in following his father into investment banking .
As McDermott described what he thought would be an even better opportunity for his son — renewable energy and earth - friendly technologies — they agreed he had described a pretty good business idea .
“ I told him climate change is for real , that we ’ll use energy differently , that there is more awareness of the environment , ” McDermott recalled .
“ I decided I should look into this myself … ”
Though every bank has beefed up coverage of the dynamic green corner of the economy , McDermott said the playing field is fairly uncrowded .
“ This is a very new sector .
There is no Frank Quattrone , no dominant figures .
And as firms retrench , these new sectors get less focus and attention , ” he said .
McDermott , who advised large industrial companies as a banker , sees the alternative energy and clean tech space as fertile ground for consolidation and expansion .
The industry is also still in its early stages , with most firms having market values of less than $ 100 million .
“ Over the next several years , there will be a lot of capital raising and a lot of M&A , ” he said .
I suppose the most positive aspect of this article is recognition of the strength of the Greentech sector .
Though the professional climate skeptics – and their openly paid - off associates – will undoubtedly devote a segment of their agitprop to denying [ a ] the need for such investment and [ b ] the actual existence of money moving in this direction .
Obviously the dude has a positive track record .
Though you have to be concerned with the hows and whys of anyone who successfully climbed the ladder of international finance .
Worth keeping an eye on .
Som traditionell socialdemokrat önskade jag en gång behålla TV - monopol och valutarestriktioner .
Men den tekniska utvecklingen sprang förbi mina åsikter .
Idag önskar jag att upphovsrätten ska bevaras .
Om inte annat därför att jag lever på att förklara och popularisera naturvetenskap , och är ekonomiskt beroende av royaltyinkomster från de läroböcker jag skrivit .
Men när jag ser mig om är det uppenbart att den tekniska utvecklingen gjort även detta omöjligt .
Såvida vi inte vill förvandla vårt samhälle till en ren övervakningsstat .
Damit ist die Gewaltenteilung in Deutschland abgeschafft .
Um mal Wikipedia zu zitieren :
Heute wird das Prinzip der Gewaltenteilung überwiegend als Bestandteil jeder Demokratie betrachtet .
Das Gesetz muss noch von Bundesrat und dem Köhler abgenickt werden , aber das sind ja nur Formalien .
So kann das gehen .
Da fahre ich aus einer Demokratie weg und kehre in eine Diktatur zurück .
Update : nachdem da jetzt der dritte mit dem Einwand aufschlägt , dass der Bundesrat nicht bestätigen muss sondern nur einen Einspruch geltend machen kann : wo ist denn da bitte der Unterschied ?
Macht euch mal locker .
Wichtig ist , was hinten rauskommt .
Tor Tip
Tor is written for and supported by people like you .
Donate today !
Having just played with a prototype for a few minutes , I 'm really impressed with the Zune HD .
I 've got a video , too , showing off how well the animations work .
Advertisement
The device is tighter and more physically beautiful than the iPod Touch and it's got a better UI , the main menu 's scrolling so natural through the swipe gestures .
There 's a little note on the side , under the volume toggle — " Hello from Seattle . "
The power button is up top .
The home button is nice and prominent , a bar rather than a round button on the Touch .
It 's smaller .
And the accelerometer is more swift in responding to repositioning ; images rotate very fast .
Of course , this thing wo n't have hundreds of apps ready for download when it comes out , as the Touch does .
Advertisement
But I would take this in a heartbeat , provided they get around to making a Mac client .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
News note
UNICEF welcomes release of child soldiers and urges further demobilizations in Central African Republic
BANGUI , 7 July 2009 – UNICEF today confirmed the demobilization of 182 children who have been released by the rebel group People ’s Army for the Restoration of Democracy ( APRD ) since April 2009 , in Central African Republic ’s northern Ouham Pendé province .
Many of the 166 boys and 16 girls , aged 10 – 17 , served in the APRD since its formation in 2006 .
Almost all have been reunited with their families after receiving assistance to transition back into civilian life .
“ We are extremely pleased that APRD leaders are following through with their commitment to surrender the children in their ranks , ” says Mahimbo Mdoe , UNICEF Representative in Bangui , who has been working closely with the Government of Central African Republic ( CAR ) to plan and coordinate the release of the children .
The Government first discussed the release of child soldiers with APRD following their signature of the 2008 Libreville Peace Agreement and a visit to CAR the same year by UN Secretary - General ’s Special Representative for Children and Armed Conflict , Ms. Radhika Coomaraswamy .
The recent rounds of demobilization follow the initial release of a group of children that got underway in June 2007 when UNICEF and the Government signed a child soldier reintegration agreement with the Union of Democratic Forces for Unity , UFDR , a rebel group operating in north - eastern CAR .
UNICEF helped build two transit centres in Paoua and Bocaranga that are managed by the Danish Refugee Council and the International Rescue Committee , respectively .
As a first step , each child receives a ‘ demobilization kit ’ consisting of civilian clothes , sleeping mats , blankets and personal hygiene items .
They get medical check - ups , counseling , briefings on HIV and AIDS , human rights and child rights , and receive basic literacy and math classes .
Back home in their communities , UNICEF is offering catch - up classes for the children still of school age to facilitate their reintegration into the formal school system .
Those too old to return to school can attend a range of training programmes , including animal husbandry , agricultural skills , tailoring and carpentry .
UNICEF works with a range of UN agencies , including the World Food Programme and NGOs such as the Danish Refugee Council ; the International Rescue Committee ; the International Medical Corps ; the Comité d’aide médicale ; and other partners to implement the disarmament , demobilization and reintegration ( DDR ) of children .
The DDR programme for child soldiers in CAR is funded by the UNDP Peace Building Fund ; the Government of Spain ; the UNICEF National Committees of the United Kingdom and France ; the Canadian International Development Agency ; the Government of the Netherlands ; and other donors .
While UNICEF lauds this positive development it remains concerned about renewed fighting and the emergence of new armed groups along CAR borders with Chad and Sudan as well as local self - defense militias throughout the country .
The increase in violence is heightening the risk of human rights violations and recruitment , or re-recruitment , of child soldiers .
“ Reintegration is a long and often difficult process in any circumstance , ” says Mr. Mdoe , “ and the prevailing climate of insecurity adds to the challenges ” .
He points out that the children are returning to poor communities with limited access to basic services and few options for the future .
“ We need to keep up our assistance to these communities if we want the demobilization programme to succeed . ”
UNICEF CAR needs an additional $ 1 million to ensure continuity of the demobilization of child soldiers and their reintegration into their communities .
UNICEF is grateful for the ongoing support of the Government .
“ We are determined to continue our joint demobilization efforts , ” said Mr. Mdoe adding that UNICEF calls on all armed groups and forces to immediately release those still enlisted , and to end all further recruitment of children .
UNICEF calls on the Government to sign an action plan with APRD to prevent recruitment and to release all children associated with their forces .
About UNICEF
UNICEF is on the ground in over 150 countries and territories to help children survive and thrive , from early childhood through adolescence .
The world ’s largest provider of vaccines for developing countries , UNICEF supports child health and nutrition , good water and sanitation , quality basic education for all boys and girls , and the protection of children from violence , exploitation , and AIDS .
UNICEF is funded entirely by the voluntary contributions of individuals , businesses , foundations and governments .
For further information , please contact :
Brigitte Stark - Merklein , UNICEF Central African Republic
Tel + 236 75 58 96 01 ;
E-mail : bstarkmerklein@unicef.org
Gaelle Bausson , UNICEF Regional Office for West and Central Africa
Tel + 221 869 7642 ;
E-mail : gbausson@unicef.org
Patrick McCormick , UNICEF New York
Tel + 1 212 326 7426 ;
E-mail : pmccormick@unicef.org
Details emerge in the killing of a Holocaust museum security guard guardian .
co.uk
A white supremacist who killed a security guard at a Holocaust memorial museum in the US has links to the British National party , which gained two MEPs in last week 's European elections .
Thousands of visitors fled the museum in Washington on Wednesday after James von Brunn opened fire , killing a security guard .
In the gunfight that followed , the 88 - year - old was shot , and is now in a critical condition in hospital .
Yesterday it emerged that Von Brunn , a longtime antisemite , had attended meetings of the American Friends of the British National party ( AFBNP ) , which was set up to raise funds from far - right activists in America .
Mark Cotterill , who ran the US - based organisation before it folded in 2001 , said : " He did attend meetings .
I have just checked my database and he is down as ' meetings only ' , so he was not a major donor , although he may have put some money on the plate when it was passed round . "
The AFBNP treasurer , Todd Blodgett , also told the Washington Post that he and Von Brunn had attended fundraising meetings in Arlington County .
The BNP leader , Nick Griffin , spoke to at least two AFBNP meetings and said the money raised by the organisation made a " significant contribution to the BNP's [ 2001 ] general election campaign " .
Yesterday a spokesman for the party said : " You get a lot of people coming to meetings but I do n't think you can blame us for that .
Even if he did go to meetings , it was nothing to do with us . "
However , anti-racism campaigners said Von Brunn 's links to the BNP underlined its extremist agenda .
" It is clear that Nick Griffin is at the centre of an international network of white supremacists , " said Dan Hodges , of Searchlight .
" The BNP must explain the full extent of his organisation 's links with this antisemitic gunman . "
The far - right party gained its first two MEPs in last week 's European elections – Griffin in the north - west and former National Front leader Andrew Brons in Yorkshire and the Humber .
During the campaign , photographs emerged of Griffin alongside the former Ku Klux Klan grand wizard Stephen " Don " Black , who was banned from the UK by the then home secretary , Jacqui Smith .
He was also criticised for defending a BNP leaflet that said black and Asian Britons should be referred to as " racial foreigners " .
Yesterday Von Brunn was charged with murder and killing in the course of possessing a firearm at a federal facility , both capital offences under US federal law ; police said hate crime charges were also possible .
At a press conference in Washington , Cathy Lanier , the Washington police chief , said security guard Stephen Johns was shot when he opened the door of the museum for Von Brunn .
Other guards opened fire , and Von Brunn slumped to the ground .
In his car , officers found a notebook with a handwritten note saying , " You want my weapons , this is how you 'll get them .
The Holocaust is a lie .
Obama was created by Jews , " according to a court affidavit .
Von Brunn 's . 22 - calibre rifle held 10 more bullets and investigators found more in his car and at an apartment in nearby Annapolis , Maryland , that he shared with his son and his son 's fiancee .
Joseph Persichini , assistant director of the Washington FBI field office , said Von Brunn was known to the police as an antisemite and a white supremacist , who had a website that espoused hatred against African - Americans , Jews and others .
" We know what Mr Von Brunn did at the Holocaust museum .
Now it 's our responsibility to determine why he did it , " said Joseph Persichini , assistant director of the Washington FBI field office .
" We have to ask ourselves did all these years of public display of hatred impact his actions . "
A self - described artist , advertising man and author , Von Brunn wrote an anti-semitic treatise , Kill the Best Gentiles , decried " the browning of America " and claimed to expose a Jewish conspiracy " to destroy the White gene - pool " .
In 1983 Von Brunn was convicted of attempting to kidnap members of the US federal reserve board .
At the time , police said he had wanted to take the members hostage because of high interest rates and the nation 's economic difficulties .
On the website , Von Brunn blames his six - year imprisonment on " a Jew judge " and " Negro jury " .
Last night civil rights groups said they had been monitoring Von Brunn for decades .
Heidi Beirich , director of research for the Southern Poverty Law Centre 's intelligence project , said : " He thinks the Jews control the Federal Reserve , the banking system , that basically all Jews are evil .
He 's an extreme antisemite . "
As we saw earlier today , Lieberman is now a " no " on the public option , a position that is at odds with his 2006 promise to fight for universal healthcare .
[ W ] hat I 'm saying to the people of Connecticut , I can do more for you and your families to get something done to make health care affordable , to get universal health insurance .
But here 's a better quote , from the October 23 , 2006 debate ( video coming soon ) :
I have offered a comprehensive program , [...]
MediChoice to allow anybody in our country to buy into a national insurance pool like the health insurance pool that we federal employees and Members of Congress have . "
Why , that sounds like a ... public option !
And it was said during the general election , not when he was trying to win a Democratic primary .
Lieberman , who is supposedly with us on everything except Iraq , delivered a bait and switch to the people of Connecticut .
Elected on lies , he 's now doing his best to stymie change for the American people .
Par for the course .
No one can say they were n't warned .
And Arlen Specter will be no different if reelected next year .
These kinds of politicians -- feckless and lacking values -- will do and say anything to get elected , only to revert to form afterward .
Sign up to FREE email alerts from macclesfield - weekly Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Invalid Email
A CORONER has blamed the toxic effects of cannabis for the sudden death of a 17 - year - old trainee chef .
Hadrian Thomas Gardner – known as Adie – fell outside a Prestbury restaurant where he worked , on the evening of October 7 , 2008 , and died later in hospital , an inquest heard .
Hadrian , of Crompton Road , Macclesfield , led a " turbulent " life taking drugs and was expelled from Henbury High School , the coroner was told .
He had already suffered a heart attack the year before his death , but had taken a " big step forward " taking a trainee chef ’s job at Prestbury Village Restaurant , the coroner said .
He died after his second day at work .
Deputy coroner for Cheshire , Geoff Roberts , told Hadrian ’s family and friends : " People use cannabis and think that it is a harmless property .
We have heard clear evidence in this case that it is not .
Very sadly , Hadrian died as a result of the direct toxic effects on the heart that the use of cannabis had .
As such , it was an avoidable death . "
Robert Gardner , Hadrian ’s dad , told the inquest at Macclesfield Town
Hall that he was waiting to pick up his son from The Village Restaurant , when the incident happened .
Mr Gardner said : " He came out of the restaurant , crossed the triangular piece of grass and then stumbled and fell on the pavement .
It was a bit surreal .
He fitted for about ten seconds . "
Paramedics rushed to the scene , and despite resuscitation and six electric shocks to start his heart , Hadrian never recovered , the inquest heard .
He died at Macclesfield Hospital at 12.15 am on October 8 .
Dr Mark Nicol , who treated the teenager at Macclesfield Accident and Emergency unit , said in his report that the case was " unique " as he had been admitted to A and E in 2007 after suffering a heart attack .
On that occasion , doctors were able to revive him .
" Drug problems were acknowledged at that time " , Dr Nicol added .
" This case highlights that cannabis use is potentially life threatening . "
Mr Roberts added : " We have heard how over a period of time , for some years , he had used cannabis and perhaps other illegal substances .
" This is a very sad case because , despite his turbulent past and cannabis use , he had got a job as a trainee chef .
The post - mortem showed no findings of recent drug use .
But his body was left a legacy of using cannabis in the past , which directly led to his death .
" My conclusion is that Hadrian died as a result of using drugs . "
Dr Sally Hales , who carried out the post mortem , said in a report to the coroner there were no traces of cannabis or other illegal drugs in Hadrian ’s body when he died .
Dr Hales examined the heart and concluded the teenager had myocarditis ( inflammation of the heart ) and that " a history of using cannabis , amphetamines and cocaine would appear to be the most likely cause " .
Afterwards , Hadrian ’s former boss at the Prestbury Village Restaurant paid tribute to him .
Manager Rick Palmer , a dad of two who runs the restaurant with wife Helen , said : " He was a nice lad who worked hard .
He was reliable , no trouble and good to work with .
His death was a total shock to us all . "
Children and their importance to my life has long been a favorite topic of mine , but I did n’t have any plan to write about it at this point in time - that is , until I saw Bill Maher ’s fabulous interview with Cameron Diaz , which touched upon the subject .
Marriage and children are two values that our society holds in a very high regard , and I was pleased to see Cameron , a very mainstream American actress , be brave and frank enough to admit that she perhaps does not automatically agree with the status quo on this subject .
Nor do I . I recognize that for many people , having children is fulfilling in many ways and gives their life a purpose .
But maybe that ’s not how everyone thinks .
Here ’s the truth - I do n’t want to have children .
At least not now .
I know that opinion could change in 20 years , but I ’m not sure how .
The fact is , I ’m not a woman , so I never have to worry about accidentally getting pregnant or finally giving into my biological clock .
The only way I can foresee it happening now is if I end up with someone in life who desperately wants to have children , and the sex is so great I ca n’t dump them over it ( I ’m such a good person , I know ) .
I just do n’t see myself waking up when I ’m 40 and thinking , “ Hey , I want to invest hundreds of thousands of dollars into one of those puking crying peeing machines that slowly grow up to a be a resentful teenager and eventually turns into an adult you see a few times a year and then puts you in a nursing home and arranges your funeral ” .
Just writing that sentence made me depressed .
I think I ’m just one of those people who should n’t reproduce .
I plan on having an exciting life , most likely living in Manhattan and working hard at a fabulous , non -stop job that allows me to travel all around the world .
Maybe not the best environment to raise children in .
I have bad habits - I swear , I enjoy a fine cigar , I watch trashy TV .
Not things I should pass on to a child .
I ’m not religious , so I probably would n’t want to have the baby baptized , but then my whole family would probably force me to anyway just as an insurance policy that the baby does n’t go to hell , and then I ’d feel like a hypocrite .
I used to think maybe I ’d pull a Madonna and adopt a baby from Africa or something .
But I ’d probably get tired of it after a few weeks and try to return it or something .
That would send me to hell .
And my skin burns way too easily for that .
You always hear that people who do n’t like children are terrible , immoral , soulless people who are self - centered and have no meaning in life .
I politely disagree .
I ’m not begrudging your desire for children , why must you irritate me about my personal choices ?
For the record , I do n’t hate children .
I merely prefer the company of adults .
I can only sustain a conversation with a child for so long before I ’m ready to jump out a window .
I ’d like to think of myself as a moral person , and though I can be self - indulgent ( I ’m writing a blog , are n’t I ? ) .
I also always think of others .
It ’s assumed in our society that we all want to encourage children .
I do n’t , and neither do scientists - the world is becoming grossly overpopulated and its resources are being drained - all because people keep having so many children !
Of course , my stance against children also makes me consider whether marriage will work out for me .
See , when you enter a marriage , it ’s kind of like you have a partnership with that one other person .
And the product that you and your partner produce is children .
Without children , you have no product , and your partnership fails .
That ’s why the divorce rates are so much higher among couples without children - you do n’t have a reason to stick around !
Eventually you ’re just two adults living together , and then you look at one another and think , “ Hey , is n’t it time for you to go home ? ”
I think marriage can be unnecessary .
I ’m not afraid of commitment and monogamy , but what ’s wrong with just having that ?
Why do you have to announce your love to the whole world in the Sunday Times and waste a million dollars on a big party ?
I ’ll tell you why .
The gifts .
People have lavish weddings ( and then , baby showers ) so they can get gifts .
When I ’m an adult , I know I ’ll be thinking , “ Excuse me , where ’s my party ? ”
When my married friends invite me over to “ hang out with them and their kid ” ( read : make me ensure their kid does n’t accidentally electrocute himself while they relax for the first time in five years ) , I ’ll say , “ Fine .
But tomorrow I ’ll expect you to pick me out something real nice for me .
I ’m registered at Prada . ”
If you ’re not religious , there ’s really no reason to get married .
Besides , of course , the legal and medical benefits , and having someone to take care of your old sick ass .
But if that ’s all you ’re worried about , why not just wait until you ’re old and have cancer or something ?
Hospitals could have singles ’ nights in the terminally ill ward .
You ’d see old ladies gettin ’ their thang on to Beyonce , trying not to further damage their hip .
It would be great fun for all .
That ’s probably what I will do .
I ’ll wait till I ’m 80 and have carpal tunnel , and then maybe I ’ll finally discover the married gene .
I would also have double the options in my marriage search because at that point I could marry either a woman or a man .
Why not ?
Sex is n’t really a deciding factor at that point .
Now , to wrap this post up , let ’s review -
1. Cameron Diaz is fierce .
2 . Having children is not for everyone .
3 . If you ’re not religious , you should n’t really care about your baby being baptized although there is that slight chance he or she might go to hell .
But maybe the kid is kind of a brat anyway .
4 . If you snatch a baby from some third - world continent , please do n’t return it .
It ’s a horrible thing to do and imagine how much you ’ll have to pay FedEx in shipping and handling .
5 . There ’s no point in getting married when you ’re young and healthy if you do n’t plan on having children , or are n’t religious .
6 . I will forever regard baby / wedding showers as total scams until I get one too .
So are children necessary ?
Well , for the purpose of the continuation of the human species , yes .
But for me , personally ….no .
The blockchain computing company Soluna set on building a 900 MW wind farm in occupied Western Sahara , does not respond to questions from civil society .
While Continentals controversial supply contract in occupied Western Sahara has expired , the company remains silent on a potential renewal - even in the face of shareholders ' questions .
Siemens yet again evades questions on Western Sahara 19.07 - 2020
Siemens has created a new company that will inherit its operations on occupied land in Western Sahara , but still refuses to clarify whether the people of the territory have actually consented to those operations .
Read more
Visitors to Gaza ’s Marah Zoo could be forgiven for thinking that something was a little fishy about the zoo ’s only zebra , it was n’t a zebra .
Due to economic restraints , the impoverished zoo was not able to afford a real zebra , but rather than let that spoil things , zoo keepers got creative and put together the next best thing .
Zoo director Mahmud Berghat explains :
It ’s really a painted donkey , we cut its hair short and then painted the stripes .
But do n’t tell anyone , the children love him .
The striped donkey has been popular amongst school children from the area who have so far not been able to tell the difference .
— Thanks Simon
Whether you want to create layered shots like the B - 52 or top a cocktail with a colorful float , it 's important to know the density of the liquors you 're pouring .
Floating ingredients is a simple bartending technique that 's used to create stunning drinks .
In order to do it successfully , a specific gravity chart will help you understand the order in which you should pour the ingredients .
The History of Layered Drinks
Around the turn of the 20th century , beautiful pousse - cafés were created all over the world , especially in Europe .
People enjoyed these captivating layers of spirits and syrups in their everyday lives .
The layered drinks could get quite extravagant .
At times , drinkers would be treated to a pousse glass filled with 10 or more carefully layered ingredients .
The trend was a passing fancy and pousse - cafes are rarely seen today .
The 1960s and ' 70s brought the technique back to life in the form of colorful layered shooters like the Irish flag and B - 52 .
These fun , vivid shots remain a hit at parties and they are a fun way to show off your advanced bartending skills .
Beyond shot drinks , a number of cocktails are also layered .
Sometimes , as in the Easter Bunny , it 's to add a decadent and eye - catching layer on top .
In other instances , high - proof rum is floated so it can be lit on fire , or beers of different densities are layered in drinks like the black and tan .
How to Layer Drinks Using Specific Gravity
The key to creating perfectly layered drinks is to pay attention to how heavy each ingredient is compared to the other ingredients .
The weight of each liquid is measured by its specific gravity .
In the drink world , the density of water ( with a specific gravity of 1.0 ) is compared to the liquid being measured to get its specific gravity .
For instance , a thick syrup like grenadine is very heavy and has a specific gravity of 1.18 .
That is why grenadine sinks when added to a tequila sunrise .
Likewise , most of the base distilled spirits that contain no sugar ( e.g. , gin , whiskey , etc. ) are lighter than water and have a specific gravity somewhere around 0.95 .
This allows high - proof rums to float on top of drinks like the flaming Dr. Pepper when you want to light it on fire .
In order to create a layered drink , the heavier ingredient needs to be added to the glass first .
More liquids are added in the order of their weight , with the lightest ingredient on top .
Tips
The best layered drinks are poured over the back of a barspoon to restrict the flow so the ingredients will float instead of mix together .
Dairy cream is generally lighter than liquors and mixed drinks , so it 's often floated on top of drinks , including the Irish coffee and candy corn shot .
Heavy cream is preferred , though any cream with a milk fat above 30 percent will generally work .
Sometimes it 's helpful to lightly whip or shake the cream to add air so it floats better .
Specific Gravity Chart for Popular Liquors
General measurements are used for the specific gravity of various liquors and those are listed in the chart .
This list includes common distilled spirits that are used in layered drinks .
They are in order from lightest to heaviest as you work down the list .
Keep in mind that brands of the same style of liquor may vary in their specific gravity .
For instance , most coffee liqueurs are lighter than Kahlua , which is the most popular brand of that flavor .
While a drink may work with one brand , switching to another brand may not produce the same distinct layers .
On March 29 , 2009 , Steven Bierfeldt was detained in a small room at Lambert - St. Louis International Airport and interrogated by Transportation Security Administration ( TSA ) officials for nearly half an hour after he passed a metal box containing cash through a security checkpoint X - ray machine .
Bierfeldt was carrying the cash in connection with his duties as the Director of Development for the Campaign for Liberty , a political organization that grew out of Congressman Ron Paul 's presidential campaign .
On June 18 , 2009 , the ACLU filed a complaint on behalf of Bierfeldt , charging that TSA is subjecting innocent Americans to unreasonable searches and detentions that violate the Constitution .
> Listen to the audio recording of Bierfeldt 's interrogation .
> Airport and Watch List Harassment : Tell Your Story
The May 2009 issue of Python Magazine
Date : 5 June 2009 Tags : computing , python
The May issue of Python Magazine is now online !
Obviously things fell a bit behind schedule this month , as I am writing this five days into the month of June .
But with all of the excitement surrounding the publisher 's flagship annual conference last month — php|tek 2009 in Chicago — it was certainly better that the magazine slip late than that delays interfere with an event which drew a couple of hundred people to learn more about quality software development .
What can you look forward to reading ?
This issue worked out as a balance between community news and several sophisticated technical articles on using Python better .
The technical articles include :
A tutorial on how to customize sorting under Python 3 if you had been in the habit of using the cmp parameter under previous versions of Python .
parameter under previous versions of Python .
A guide to using repoze . who and repoze .
what in your WSGI application stack to secure your web site .
and in your WSGI application stack to secure your web site .
An introduction to programming graphical user interfaces ( GUIs ) using the popular PyGTK module , in our regular “ Welcome to Python ” column .
And , finally , a guide to how basic Python types are transformed when you use PyObjC to build applications on your Mac .
Balancing these highly technical articles are three features focused on the Python community .
Catherine Devlin writes about running the PyOhio conference last year , an event which will happen again this July .
Steve Holden offers thoughts on the economic downturn and Python .
And , finally , I cap it all off with a rousing editorial urging celebration now that Guido is “ tiring ” , if not “ retiring ” , from Python — as he announced at this year 's PyCon — since this signals that Python is now complete and can be confidently built upon as a stable platform for permanent application development .
As usual , I hope you will consider a subscription , which will not only give you immediate access to the current issue online , but can also provide you with printed copies of future issues that you can leave on the breakroom table at work or on the coffee table of a friend .
Use the magazine to show the skeptical that Python is not a toy , but a professional language that attracts the very best in talent , in software development practices , and in community .
Enjoy !
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
Conservative ire is still being thrown at David Letterman for an off - color joke he made earlier this month about Sarah Palin and her daughter .
Watch the video here .
Without defending Letterman , who has apologized for the joke , Media Matters points out that protesting sexist jokes from a comedian is hypocritical when right - wing spokespeople and pundits make offensive statements all the time that are not challenged .
How can Palin insist that Letterman be forced off the air , when your friends and allies are saying things like this :
Rush Limbaugh saying about Obama that “ We are being told that we have to hope he succeeds , that we have to bend over , grab the ankles … because his father was black . ”
Radio host Jim Quinn repeatedly calling NOW the “ National Organization of Whores . ”
Glenn Beck calling Judge Sonia Sotomayor an “ Hispanic chick lady . ”
Sean Hannity having Andy Martin on his show , who had called a judge a “ crooked , slimy Jew , who has a history of lying and thieving common to members of his race . ”
In addition , it seems to me that this latest dispute is more about Palin ’s dislike of of Letterman than it is about that particular joke .
Comedians have made far more offensive jokes about Sarah Palin ’s family , which she just laughed off .
During the campaign , Saturday Night Live did a skit where they joked about incest in the Palin family :
New York Times reporter :
What about the husband ?
You know he ’s doing those daughters .
I mean , come on .
It ’s Alaska .
New York Times assignment editor :
He very well could be .
Admittedly , there is no evidence of that , but on the other hand , there is no convincing evidence to the contrary .
And these are just some of the lingering questions about Governor Palin .
And yet Palin not only did n’t protest , she appeared on the show a few weeks later .
Ironically , the end result of all the conservative ire ?
Letterman ’s ratings get a big boost .
And a conservative protest outside Letterman ’s studio in NYC calling for him to be fired manages to muster only three dozen protestors .
( CNN ) -- " RIP NEDA , The World cries seeing your last breath , you did n't die in vain .
We remember you . "
People tend to a woman called Neda as she lies on the street .
more photos »
That Twitter post was from a man who said he is a guitarist from Nashville , Tennessee .
Amid the hundreds of images of Saturday 's crackdown on protesters in Iran that were distributed to the world over the Internet , it was the graphic video showing the dying moments of a young woman shot in the heart that touched a nerve for many people around the world .
Like most of the information coming out of Tehran , it is impossible to verify her name , Neda , or the circumstances of her apparent death , which was captured close - up on a bystander 's camera .
CNN ran a pixilated version of the video , which was posted on YouTube .
Another amateur video captured images of Neda and her father attending what appeared to be a peaceful protest , just moments before the shooting .
Watch Neda and her father moments before the shooting »
It shows a woman in jeans and white sneakers collapsed on the street , as the person with the camera -- most likely from a cell phone -- runs toward her and focuses on her face .
Watch a portion of the video and how the Twitter community is responding »
One blogger posted that Neda was protesting with her father in Tehran when pro-government Basiji militia opened fire and shot her .
" The final moments of her tender young life leaked into the pavement of Karegeh Street today , captured by cell phone cameras , " the unnamed blogger posted on Newsvine.com .
" And not long after , took on new life , flickering across computer screens around the world on YouTube , and even CNN . "
People on Twitter started forming a discussion group with the " hashtag " #neda to post their comments about her death and media coverage of the killing , as well .
Watch report from CNN's Octavia Nasr »
It became one of the top " trending topics " on Twitter by Saturday evening , early Sunday Tehran time .
" Neda , ojala que tu muerte no sea en vano , " one poster tweeted in Spanish .
" Neda , I hope that your death is not in vain . "
All About Iran • Twitter Inc .
Knowing that my own perspective on computers and usability is slightly skewed from the norm , I occasionally hesitate to offer an opinion on certain topics .
It ’s not because I think I ’m wrong , but because my own opinion is so far away from the median that I ’m afraid I ’ll be mistaken for a troll , or perhaps even a lunatic .
( I do n’t know which would be worse . … 🙄 )
This time it was a thread called “ overpowered , ” asking why so many Ubuntu users seem to use machines far beyond what is technically required .
I felt like answering , but knowing that I occasionally resemble the weirdo hermit living alone out on the mountain , I decided not to .
The answer , of course , is obvious .
People buy newer , faster , higher - end machines — particularly multicore systems and cutting edge video cards — because they feel there is some sort of application that demands that power .
And that can mean a dual - boot system for gaming , compiling power , virtual machines , rendering power , and so forth .
I can appreciate that — after all , one of the main reasons ( aside from sentimental value ) that I keep my Inspiron is that I need the “ muscle ” to do some of the compiling for other , older computers .
Of course , nowadays , the idea of using a 1 Ghz machine for compiling “ muscle ” is almost laughable .
At the same time , I can sympathise with the original poster ’s question .
I do n’t think it inflammatory at all .
For all the people who respond that they need that “ power ” for gaming or rendering or compiling , I ’m wondering how many of them actually require it on a regular basis … and how many rarely , if ever , need anything beyond the comfortable 1 Ghz I consider to be speed demon .
It ’s not for me to say .
I do n’t know how much compiling or rendering or virtual machine use is allotted to the casual Ubuntu user .
When I used Ubuntu on a daily basis , it was extremely rare that I needed to compile something , considering that the bulk of Ubuntu is prepackaged and ready for anything .
I do have another hypothesis — that the push for newer , faster hardware is a bit of an aftertaste from using Windows , or owning Mac machines .
Call me crazy ( plenty of people do 🙄 ) , but the blanket solution for most Windows users for any performance decay is invariably new hardware .
Faster machines , more memory , a larger hard drive , a newer video card .
I used to follow that same trap ( I use the word “ trap ” deliberately here ) too , so please do n’t be offended if I have somehow labeled you ; I ’m labeling me too .
After all , you ’re talking to the person who sank $ 3000 in a then - state - of - the - art Dell M170 way back in late 2005 , only to sell it off again a few months later , once dual core machines hit the market .
But knowing that the best solution ( short of switching operating systems ) for poor performance was to sink more money in a computer … well , I may be crazy , but I think some people might be ingrained with the idea that better - faster - stronger is only possible with new components .
So reflexively , regardless of how long we ’ve used Linux or how we came to meet it , everyone ( me too , and I sometimes have to pinch myself as a reminder ) naturally assumes more power is necessary , newer hardware is necessary , the latest and greatest is necessary .
Of course that ’s only true if my original response — there exists some application which requires that power — is true .
For me , and probably for the majority of “ casual ” computer users , I do n’t think multicore , cutting - edge components are actually “ necessary . ”
Checking e-mail ?
No , not really .
Watching YouTube videos ?
Well , some power is required , but I can get it done at 450 Mhz if I want .
Gaming ?
Depends on the game , really .
Again , I do n’t have an answer except for the obvious :
People buy it because they do something that needs it .
But on the other hand , I ca n’t help but wonder what use there really is , if we strip out all the compilers , the renderers , the virtual machine users , and we ’re left with the day - to - day users , chatting , surfing , and playing Tetris .
Which by the way , is 25 years old , as of last week .
How ’s that for a roundabout closure to a blog post ?
In a bizarre twist to a closely watched case that rocked the Pennsylvania legal system this year , thousands of youths who had to appear before a corrupt county judge are in danger of losing the ability to sue for damages and court fees .
The potential loss stems from a decision by the State Supreme Court in May that it would help the youths move on with their lives by destroying all documents related to their convictions that it deemed faulty .
But doing so would hamper the public ’s ability to investigate the corruption of the judge , Mark A. Ciavarella Jr. , and limit the youths ’ ability to sue him .
“ This is about destroying evidence , ” Marsha Levick , chief legal counsel for the Juvenile Law Center , a public interest law firm in Philadelphia , said after appearing on Monday before Judge A. Richard Caputo of Federal District Court in Scranton , Pa. , to ask that the records be preserved .
“ Without these documents , ” Ms. Levick said , “ it would make it nearly impossible for these kids to get justice . ”
Christian Undertones > Christian Overtones
Dweebs >
Emos
Hogwarts >
Forks
Fairy Tales >
Teen Tales
Speaking to Kids > Talking Down to Kids
Cedric Diggory > Edward Cullen
Best Buy Effects > Wal Mart Effects
Hermione > Bella
Let me preface this by saying that I did n’t mind the firstmovie .
It was n’t art , did n’t have much to say , but it was dumb fun aimed at getting little girls ’ body temperatures all warm , and I thought it was pretty amusing .
Girls in the same row as me quoted lines that they knew would be recited on screen , they giggled at the sight of Edward , sighed at that really terrible “ And then the lion fell in love with the lamb ” line .
Yet , somehow , I walked out fairly entertained .
But then thecomparisons started rolling out .
Media pundits everywhere declaredthe new .
I wondered , flabbergasted , how any person could ever believe such a thing .?!
Really ?
What I saw onscreen was soap opera trash for the tween nation .
It did n’t bear anywhere near the universal appeal of theseries .
But now I ’m here , explaining how such a preposterous claim is less an arguable statement and more a joke , an unfunny one at that , like Will Ferrell trying to ice skate .
So how isbetter than ?
Well , for one , it ’s not .
As for everything else , have a seat .
Let ’s do the math .
It ’s more than well known that Stephanie Meyer comes from a Mormon background .
The same goes for J.K. Rowling and her Christian origins .
Both writers display their religious beliefs prominently in their work but in very different manners .
Now here ’s the thing .
I ’m down for writers showing off their personal beliefs in their work , but it ’s how they do it that matters .
Theseries is rife with Christian themes and allusion .
Some believe Harry Potter is a Jesus figure , lost at youth only to return in his later years to fight a force of evil .
Upon his return , he starts a movement and gains a following .
And his future ?
Well , you ’ll have to read the books to find that out , or wait until 2011 .
But at the end of the day , he does n’t have to represent that .
The story works independent from that theme .
Theseries , on the other hand , works almost exclusively as a campaign for abstinence and the evilness of male hormones .
The story treats sexuality as a disease , as a vampire .
A boy who is trouble because he can’t hold back his urges for a girl .
A girl who ca n’t help but be attracted to that boy .
And later in the series ?
Well , once again , you ’ll just have to wait and see.
fans andfans generally come from two very different worlds .is for dweebs .is for emos .
Yes , it can be argued that both series have diverse fan bases that run that gamut from little kids to grandmas , but that ’s not fun .
Generalizing is where it ’s at .
Emo kids are “ dark . ”
They speak in bad poetry and overly descriptive prose .
They are tortured by the fact that their lovers left them bleeding and alone , dying for more , gasping just to catch a small breath .
Dweebs never had the lover to begin with .
They hang out in the darkest corners of their respective high schools , playing wizard games and Dungeons and Dragons .
They go to that awkward store in the mall that sells swords and Lord of the Rings memorabilia .
They do n’t just look around in awe at the existence of such a store ; they actually buy stuff .
So I guess both groups of are pretty lame .
But at least dweebs are usually smart , right ?
There is no part of me that does n’t believe that Hogwarts exists .
How could it not ?
There ’s no way that Rowling could have come up with all of that by herself .
Whether it be through the books or through the films , Rowling ’s world engulfs you , transports you into a completely different universe .
She ’s created languages , species , and a plethora of spells .
So much detail has gone into the creation of this world that it ’s hard to not get lost in it .
In contrast , the world that Meyer has created in Forks , Washington is just like the city : kind of boring and bland with a lack of diversity .
The vampire back story is sloppy and kind of cheesy and the little bit of history we see of the werewolves inis tired and unimaginative .
And that ’s all there is .
Clearlyis less occupied with giving us a world we can live in than it is in shoving a tedious love story down our throats .
One of the most important tools in the arts of literature and film is allusion .
Authors and screenwriters use it all of the time .
It ’s less copying and more an acknowledgement of what came before , what influenced the words that you write , knowing where you came from .
One would think that a work likewould include allusions to previous vampire and werewolf books or movies , but Meyer did n’t seem to read any of them , as her versions of these monsters hardly fall in line with what came before .
Instead , they are neutered versions of these classic characters .
Edward lacks fangs , sparkles in the sun rather than burns .
Oh and he does n’t drink human blood .
He ’s over that .
Duh .
not only do its best to call back to the fantasy stories that came before it , it also adds on to the lore with new characters and more detailed origins .
There are elves and giants and centaurs , all of which are familiar but at the same time , brand new .
There ’s something pleasing about a writer alluding to great works .
It ’s better than alluding toOne of the hardest things to do is relate to kids .
Educators struggle with it constantly .
If you attempt to talk to them as if you ’re one of them , it can come off as condescending , belittling , and at worst , stupid .
This is exactly whatdoes .
It feels like that teacher you had in school who would say things like “ dude ” and “ tubular ” and “ do you dig it ? ”
This is the hip - hoppin ’ grandpa . never talks down to its audience , frequently putting common youthful feelings of loss , sexual awkwardness , and friendship at the forefront of its themes .
While Potter is fighting He Who Must Not Be Named , he is also dealing with complicated relationships that suffer due to jealousy and lying .
Even though Potter deals with things that a boy his age never should and probably never would , he never feels older than he is .
On the other hand , ’s characters are stuck as caricatures , merely archetypes with no real voices or unique voices .
Whenfirst began gaining a larger fan base , it was instantly touted as the new .
Then the first film ’s cast was announced , and surprisingly enough , the same guy who played a fairly prominent character inwas named to play ’s lead dude .
That actor ’s name , as you know , is Robert Pattinson .
In the Potter flicks , he plays Cedric Diggory , a charismatic and honest upper classman at Hogwarts .
Pattinson played the kid just as he should have , using his handsome looks for good with enough restraint to make the character both believable and sympathetic .
Pattinson ’s acting inis an entirely different story .
The dude looks like he ’s constipated most of the movie , and his cold nature comes off more contrived than real .
Who knows ?
Maybe something was lost with the American accent , or maybe a lead role just was n’t a fit for him .
All I know is that he played a dead dude way better inthan he did in
If I could , I would include only two words under this heading : sparkling faces .
There is not a single , more pathetic example of ’s special effects than the sparkling faces of the Cullen family .
But to leave it at that would deny the flick ’s other awful effects their due .
There is of course the light speed effect seen when any of the vampire characters run .
And even worse , the climbing scene where Bella rides Edward ’s back as he glides up the stump of a tree in his backyard .
I ’ll be first to admit that the computer graphics in the first twofilms were laughable , but the movies have evolved very nicely .
Check outfor a few amazing sequences during the Tri-Wizard Cup or the final battle ofbetween Dumbledore and Voldemort .
The movies have grabbed hold of the epic nature of their source material and owned it , whilehangs flaccidly off the screen , depending on special effects dredged up out of a dollar store bargain bin .
Let ’s just admit it to ourselves .
Sure , Kristen Stewart has her days , but Emma Watson has more .
We ’ve seen her grow from a frizzy - haired snob into a wide - eyed witch , and sure , she ’s still a bit bossy , but is n’t that the best part ?
No one likes a pathetic girl throws herself at guys .
Everyone wants a chase .
That ’s the world we live in .
We want what we can’t have , and Hermione is willing to not let us have her .
She ’s willing to play her little witch games .
Poor Ron Weasley is left wondering , “ is she mental ? ” while poor Edward Cullen is stuck in a relationship I ’m pretty sure he regrets .
Though giving Saddam Hussein the drop on the first day of Eid ( the fifth (? ) day of Christmas ) hardly compares to the soul - shuddering outrage of the wholesale carpet - bombing of subsistence farmers , it is a bleak reminder of the irredeemable nature of the current masters of the world .
Is this a case of brutish and unrepentant men* who decide life and death today taking special care to plan " milestone " atrocities , fixing the launch dates to coincide with calendar remembrances of our species ' transcendant aspirations , or are these star - crossed days coincidental , happenstance ?
Yes , many of the men ** crossing the t's , and dotting the i's on the blueprints of carnage from distant bunkers beneath a distant Capitol are wholly unaware of days held by dusky foreigners in reverence , and merely drop their bombs with no more thought than to the effect on their missiles of the prevailing wind .
And I 'm certain too , the ultimate author 's of the orders those bombs fly are totally cognizant of what they do , when they do it , and why .
Killing Birds
Ask a smart hunter like America 's vice - president , Dick Cheney what " getting one 's ducks in a row , " or " killing two birds with one stone " means .
The Mayberry Machiavellis , as one wag in the press dubbed the disaster on eight legs currently running the world 's most muscular state , fancy themselves tacticians in the traditional mode ; Bush , Cheney , Rumsfeld , and the men*** lurking in the shadows behind them , are students of the Great Game , as played by the succession of emperors and kings , generals and captains of industry throughout history .
Masters in their own eyes , they know that in this game , as with chess , a clever move , and God save us they do believe themselves clever , must have more than a single purpose .
So , while the drones servicing the horror may not know Eid from Ramadan , Hannukah from Yom Kippur , or Christmas from Easter , their task - masters do .
Those that coin flip titles for the bloody " operations " in distant lands , then roll the news of their genius off the PR production line back home like the newest gadget , or movie catch phrase know :
In war and marketing , timing is everything .
I ’ve been thinking about test - driven development a lot lately , observing myself veering between TDD virtue and occasional lapses into sin .
Here ’s my thesis :
As a profession , we do a lot more software maintenance than we do greenfield development .
And it ’s at the maintenance end where TDD really pays off .
I ’m starting to see lapses from the TDD credo as more and more forgivable the closer you are to the beginning of a project .
And conversely , entirely abhorrent while in maintenance mode .
Other Voices · I was deeply impressed by “ Uncle ” Bob Martin ’s RailsConf keynote ( see also his follow - up exegesis ) , which at its core argued for “ professionalism ” , specifically as expressed in the deep - TDD rules :
Never write code until you have a failing test .
Never write any more code than is necessary to un -fail the test .
Also , it ’s worth visiting Kent Beck ’s The Open / Closed / Open Principle and especially InfoQ ’s Kent Beck Suggests Skipping Testing for Very Short Term Projects , which comes with lots of third - party commentary .
Why We Do It · I think TDD makes these claims :
You build better software initially .
You remove the fear from maintenance in general and refactoring in particular .
Maybe I ’m weird , but I think the second is the one that matters .
After all , we do way more maintenance than initial development .
And in my experience , the first - cut release of any nontrivial software is pretty well crap .
But since software is after all soft , you can go back and whack it and whack it and whack it until you ’ve whacked it into shape .
But to do that well , you absolutely must have enough test coverage that you just are n’t afraid to rip your code ’s guts out , rearrange them , and put them back in a better configuration .
Sin and Penitence · People introducing TDD do this thing where they start from scratch saying “ We ’re going to write a class to represent X and it ’ll need a method to do Y , so let ’s write a test for Y ” .
The problem is , when I ’m getting started , I never know what X and Y are .
I always end up sketching in a few classes and then tearing them up and re-sketching , and after a few iterations I ’m starting to have a feeling for X and Y .
And maybe the sketch - and - tear process would be better and more productive if I had the patience to write the tests for each successive hypothesis about X and Y , but I do n’t think I ever will .
This is partly because the first few tests for the kind of classes I write tend to be expensive ; where you have to face the dependency - injection and big - fat - mock problems .
I lack the patience to make that investment if I ’m unsure the class is basically pointing in the right direction .
But here ’s what I do .
When I have a few X’s and Y’s that start to feel right , then I go back and fill in tests for all the methods , and I use rcov and friends to help me .
And I do n’t check things in till that ’s done .
I freely admit that this is not really truly TDD .
I hope there are no adherents of the TDD church who would consequently argue that it ’s not worth doing .
Redemption ·
On the other hand , once you ’re into maintenance mode , there are really no excuses .
Because you really know what all your X’s and Y’s are , either because X is already there and you ’re adding Y to meet a well - understood need , or because your previous choice of X and Y were wrong and you have a better one in mind .
So write the tests first and do n’t try to go any further than where they take you .
Put another way , the most rewarding place to build your test code is on a foundation of existing tests .
For me , this is TDD at its most addictive , the engineering part of software engineering ; where that “ professionalism ” thing comes into sharp focus .
Embedded video from &amp ; amp ; amp ; amp ; amp;lt ; a href= " http://www.cnn.com/video "&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;CNN
Video&amp ;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/a&amp;amp;amp ;amp ; amp;gt ;
What will you choose ???
Here is an interesting video from Blogger Bunch discussing Google Chrome , Windows and OSX operating System 's pros .
and cons. and other latest offerings from Microsoft and Google .
The discussion will probably help users little more to choose between the three OS depending on their individual requirement and easiness .
The discussion over the comparison is quite interesting .
The Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles are a fictional team of four mutant turtles , who are trained by their sensei , Master Splinter , in the art of Ninjutsu .
From their home in the storm sewers of Manhattan , they battle petty criminals , evil megalomaniacs , and alien invaders , all while remaining isolated from society at large .
We have collected the following 40 + Supreme Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Illustrations .
It reminds me of being a kid .
I remembered I was playing â€ œTeenage Mutant Ninja Turtles : The Arcade Gameâ€  when I was a kid too .
Hope you enjoy them too .
Designed by Pedro Delgado
Designed by Nicolas Viig ( Left ) , Martegod ( Right )
Designed by Kandoken
Designed by Richard Wilson ( Left ) , Nardo ( Right )
Designed by Stjepan Sejic
Designed by Mario Espinoza ( Left ) , Tompollockjr ( Right )
Designed by Luminoire
Designed by Patrick ( Left ) , Courtland Brugger ( Right )
Designed by Armour Os
Designed by Elliot ( Left ) , Bakanekonei ( Right )
Designed by Khary Randolph
Designed by Christopher Oatley ( Left ) , Hsincubic ( Right )
Designed by Joshua Covey
Designed by Sina Kazemian ( Left ) , Tsampoy ( Right )
Designed by Capitan Moreno
Designed by Richard Wilson
Designed by Patrick
Designed by Ellie ( Left ) , German Nobile ( Right )
Designed by Gè°·rard
Designed by Courtland Brugger
Designed by RC
Designed by Nick Skochev
Designed by Liquidxlead( Left ) , Dynamite Man ( Right )
The iPhone has proved to be rather adept at replacing other pieces of hardware .
The combination of portability , a big screen that allows it to mimic any interface and an open ( ish ) App Store means that we are continually surprised at what people can make it do .
Today , it ’s the turn of the bicycle .
It turns out that many of the geegaws you might buy at the LBS ( local bike shop ) are already available as downloads from the iTunes Store .
Here are our favourites .
CycleMeter
CycleMeter ’s hideous interface contrasts with its truly astonishing Rube Goldberg setup .
The app works as a cycle computer , showing a readout of your speed , distance , average speed and trip time .
It works with any iPhone and also the iPod Touch .
That ’s right , the GPS - free iPod Touch .
How on earth does it do that ?
A cycle computer counts the revolutions of your wheels and , because you have already told it the wheel ’s circumference , it can work out the rest .
Purpose built devices use a magnet on the spokes and a detector on the fork .
CycleMeter uses sound to accomplish the same thing .
Put a small plastic tag on one spoke so it hits the fork on every revolution .
Then run the cable of your earbuds down the fork and secure the microphone next to this point .
The tick , tick , tick of the plastic tab is picked up and the rest is done in software .
A truly heroic hack , we think you ’ll agree , and just $ 0.99 ( plus the cost of replacement earbuds after every passing shower ) .
It ca n’t be long before there is a Bluetooth spoke - widget that can talk directly to the iPhone , though .
Combine with proper trip - log software and you ’d have a real winner .
Product page [ iTunes ]
BrakeLights
Just as ingenious as CycleMeter , although slightly less jerry - rigged , is BrakeLights .
It adds a brake light to your bike , whether using cantilevers , side - pulls , disk or running a no - braked fixie .
Strap it to your bag or back , screen pointing behind you , and ride .
The app uses the accelerometer to detect when you slow down and flashes a red light on the screen . $ 1 .
Product page [ iTunes ]
Back Light
Similar to BrakeLights , the awkwardly named Bicycle Back Safety Flashlight is another $ 1 lamp , but this time it stays on all the time you are riding .
It also lets you write messages to those following you .
The suggestion is the word “ STOP ” , but we imagine that you , dear reader , could manage messages both more creative and abusive .
As an everyday light replacement the battery drain might put you off .
But in an emergency , why not ?
Especially if you have an always - connected iPhone .
Imagine : “ Damn , I forgot my back light .
Wait , I ’ll just download a new one . ” $ 1 .
Product page [ iTunes ]
Gear Calculator
Bicycle Gear Calculator is rather specialized , but if you need it , it may just beat doing hard sums in your head .
The application works out gear ratios for you , based on crank lengths , wheel sizes and cog / sprocket sizes .
It ’ll even tell you what ratio you should ride to maximize tire wear based on the pattern of skid patches on the tires themselves . $ 5
Product page [ iTunes ]
Speed
Speed is a more practical speedometer , although you ’ll need an iPhone 3G or better to use it .
Instead of the dangerous sounding wires - and - plastic approach taken by CycleMeter , it uses the iPhone ’s GPS to work out your speed .
It also has a rather lovely interface , although it might be more suited to a car dashboard than a bike ’s handlebars .
Works in both kph and the obsolete mph . $ 1
Product page [ iTunes ]
( CNN ) -- David Beckham has come under fire from U.S. Confederations Cup hero Landon Donovan , who has accused the former England captain of showing no commitment to their club Los Angeles Galaxy .
Landon Donovan , left , is unhappy with David Beckham 's contribution at LA Galaxy .
National skipper Donovan , who led the United States to the final in South Africa last weekend , said in a new book due out later this month that Beckham had been a negative influence since his high - profile move to the Major League Soccer outfit two years ago .
Beckham 's arrival was supposed to help lift the profile and standards of the U.S. league , but he has struggled to make an impact .
Hispanic key to success for the U.S .
Donovan said Beckham , who brokered a loan move to AC Milan last season , had shown little interest in the Galaxy since coach Ruud Gullit resigned in August last year .
What do you think ?
Should Beckham stay in LA ?
" All that we care about at a minimum is that he committed himself to us , " Donovan says in The Beckham Experiment , authored by Sports Illustrated writer Grant Wahl .
" As time has gone on , that has not proven to be the case in many ways -- on the field , off the field .
Does the fact that he earns that much more money come into it ?
Yeah .
If someone 's paying you more than anybody in the league , more than double anybody in the league , the least we expect is that you show up to every game , whether you are suspended or not .
Show up and train hard , show up and play hard . "
Donovan , who leads the Galaxy in Beckham 's absence , also cast doubt on the 34 - year - old midfielder 's leadership abilities .
" Maybe he 's not a leader , maybe he 's not a captain , " he said .
" Fair enough .
But at a minimum , you should bust your ass every day .
That has n't happened .
And I do n't think that 's too much for us to expect .
Especially when he 's brought all this on us . "
Beckham has brought in bigger crowds , but has made little impact on the playing field for LA since his surprise , big - money move from Real Madrid , with the Galaxy failing to make the end - of - season play - offs despite high hopes .
" When David first came , I believed he was committed to what he was doing , " Donovan said .
" He cared .
He wanted to do well .
He wanted the team and the league to do well .
" Somewhere along the way -- and in my mind it coincides with Ruud being let go -- he just flipped a switch and said , ' Uh - huh , I 'm not doing it anymore ' .
" He 's not shown ( that he 's a good team - mate ) .
I can't think of another guy where I 'd say he was n't a good team - mate , he did n't give everything through all this , he did n't still care .
But with him , I 'd say no , he was n't committed . "
Donovan cites Beckham 's desire to move to Italy , which saw him miss half the 2009 MLS season .
" My sense is that David 's clearly frustrated , that he 's unhappy and , honestly , that he thinks it 's a joke , " he said .
" I also kind of feel ( he has taken the team ) for granted .
I do n't see dedication or commitment to this team , and that 's troubling . "
Donovan believes it would be best if Beckham , due to make his Galaxy comeback against the New York Red Bulls on July 16 -- two days after Wahl 's is published -- seal a permanent move back to Europe .
" Let 's say he does stay here for three more years , " Donovan said .
" I 'm not going to spend the next three years of my life doing it this way .
This is miserable .
I do n't want to have soccer be this way . "
All About David Beckham • Brand Beckham • Landon Donovan • AC Milan • Los Angeles Galaxy • European Football • Major League Soccer
Dear EarthTalk :
Is there any truth to the rumor about high levels of birth control chemicals being found in some cities ’ drinking water ?
If so can these be filtered out ?
-- Elizabeth Yerkes , via email
It is true that trace amounts of birth control and other medications — as well as household and industrial chemicals of every stripe — are present in many urban and suburban water supplies around the country , but there is considerable debate about whether their levels are high enough to warrant concern .
In 2008 the U.S. Geological Survey ( USGS ) tested water in nine states across the country and found that 85 man-made chemicals , including some medications , were commonly slipping through municipal treatment systems and ending up in our tap water .
Another report by the Associated Press found trace amounts of dozens of pharmaceuticals in the drinking water supplies of some 46 million Americans .
But according to USGS , such chemicals and medications are so diluted — at levels equal to a thimble full of water in an Olympic - sized swimming pool — that they do not pose a health threat .
But others are n’t so sure .
Researchers have found evidence that even extremely diluted concentrations of drug residues harm fish , frogs and other aquatic species , and have been shown to labs to impair human cell function .
One of the common culprits is estrogen , much of which is inadvertently released into sewers through the urine of women taking birth control .
Studies have shown that estrogen can wreak reproductive havoc on some fish , which spawn infertile offspring sporting a mixture of male and female parts .
Researchers at the University of Pittsburgh found that human breast cancer cells grew twice as fast when exposed to estrogen taken from catfish caught near untreated sewage overflows .
“ There is the potential for an increased risk for those people who are prone to estrogenic cancer , ” said Conrad Volz , lead researcher on the study .
What may be more troubling is the mixture of contaminants and how they might interact to cause health problems .
“ The biggest concern is the stew effect , ” says Scott Dye of the Sierra Club ’s Water Sentinels program .
“ Trace amounts of this mixed with trace amounts of that can equal what ?
We do n’t know . ”
With such contaminants proving elusive to municipal filtration systems , the burden of protection often lies with the end user .
But getting traces of birth control and other drugs out of your tap water is n’t so easy .
Of the many different kinds of in - home water filtration systems available today , only those employing reverse osmosis have been shown to filter out some drugs .
Some makers of activated carbon water filters claim their products catch pharmaceuticals , but independent research has not verified such claims .
“ The best choice , ” says Cathy Sherman of the natural health website Natural News , “ would probably be a combination of a reverse osmosis filter augmented by pre- and post - activated carbon filters . ”
Installing such a system just for drinking water is sufficient , she says , given that water used for cleaning and plumbing does n’t typically get ingested .
As to prevention , the non-profit public health and safety agency , NSF International , urges individuals to not use their toilets or sinks to dispose of unused medications and to opt for the garbage instead ; most modern landfills are lined to keep such contaminants inside .
CONTACTS : USGS Water Resources , water.usgs.gov ; Sierra Club , www.sierraclub.org/watersentinels; NSF International , www.nsf.org; Natural News , www.naturalnews.com.
EarthTalk is produced by E / The Environmental Magazine .
SEND YOUR ENVIRONMENTAL QUESTIONS
TO : EarthTalk , P.O. Box 5098 , Westport , CT 06881 ; earthtalk@emagazine.com .
Read past columns at : www.emagazine.com/earthtalk/archives.php.
EarthTalk is now a book !
Details and order information at : www.emagazine.com/earthtalkbook.
We write about products and services that we use .
This page may contain affiliate links for which we receive a commission .
Can there be anything green about tattoos besides the color of the ink ?
Nope .
Well , at least not yet anyway .
So if you are going to shoot toxic and permanent colorants into your body ( which I desperately want to do , by the way ) why not go with a green theme ?
Or of course you can always insert a digital and programmable tattoo device under your skin so you can sport a new design daily .
More on that in a minute …
I do n’t have a tattoo… yet .
The ONLY reason I do n’t have one is because I want to make sure that whatever I get is both meaningful and something that I know I wo n’t regret in the future .
Any ideas ?
If you ’d like to see some of the most beautiful and the most awful green themed tattoos , check out GreenDiary ’s green - themed tattoos .
The tattoo collage you see above is one from GreenDiary ’s wonderful post .
How Dangerous Are Tattoos ?
As the FDA says , “ Many pigments used in tattoo inks are industrial - grade colors suitable for printers ’ ink or automobile paint . ”
Here ’s a list of the heavy metals used for tattoo ink colors .
That said , according to Treehugger , the typical tattoo green and black colors are the least dangerous , while reds are the most dangerous .
Everyday Health says that it may not be the toxicity level of tattoo inks that you should be concerned with , but the possible long - term skin irritations that can be a result … even from henna tattoos !
Are There Eco-Friendly Tattoo Alternatives ?
Not really .
But there is a supposedly eco-friendly method of tattoo removal .
Of course , if you do n’t want to go the ink route , you can just insert a digital tattoo interface under your skin .
Unfortunately this device is still just a conceptual design , but as our friends at Ecorazzi put it , “ The ability to erase your ex-girlfriend ’s name in favor a new one might be a Godsend . ”
Ha ha , true that !
But wait .
It goes on to earn even more cool points …
The top surface enables touchscreen ( or skin ) control !
Oh , and did I mention that the source of power is actually your blood ?
Yeah , chew on that one for awhile .
So if you ’re not going to wait around for a digital tattoo interface to come to fruition , would the toxic nature of the inks deter you from getting one ?
If you plan on getting a tattoo ( but have n’t yet ) , what are you going to get ?
If you already have a tattoo , what inspired you to get it ?
One thing is for sure about tattoos : most people usually have very interesting reasons for deciding to get one .
Following the death of his employer and mentor , Bumpy Johnson , Frank Lucas establishes himself as the number one importer of heroin in the Harlem district of Manhattan .
He does so by buying heroin directly from the source in South East Asia and he comes up with a unique way of importing the drugs into the United States .
As a result , his product is superior to what is currently available on the street and his prices are lower .
His alliance with the New York Mafia ensures his position .
It is also the story of a dedicated and honest policeman , Richie Roberts , who heads up a joint narcotics task force with the Federal government .
Based on a true story .
Written by garykmcd
Experimenting with the Elimination of Traffic Lights
Today from the Streetsblog Network , Tom Vanderbilt writes on his How We Drive
blog about an upcoming experiment in London .
Traffic lights at seven
intersections in the borough of Ealing will be covered with bags , and
drivers will be expected to safely navigate by making eye contact with
pedestrians , cyclists and other motorists .
The move was inspired by an
accidental signal failure that resulted in improved traffic flow ,
catching the eye of planners .
Vanderbilt cautions :
Photo by Ed Lawes via Flickr .
Of
course , careful attention will have to paid to safety results ,
particularly with pedestrians ( the piece refers to some new mid-block
crossings but one has to entertain the idea that these treatments may
reduce pedestrian ’s perception of safety and thus , potentially , one ’s
inclination to walk ) .
The one day of outage could have represented a
novelty effect .
But the interesting thing about these novel treatments
is that they are often done with much more care and concern than the
standard “ out of the book ” approach that is applied automatically .
Eliminating traffic lights is one element of the " shared spaces " planning approach advocated by the late Dutch traffic engineer Hans Monderman .
However , without the other elements of Monderman - style design ,
for example the use of varied street surface texture and color , it
remains to be seen if a street without signals serves pedestrians and
cyclists as well as drivers .
Other food for thought from around the network : WashCycle enters the debate about what traffic laws merit the most vigorous enforcement ; Fifty Car Pileup writes about the growing movement to eliminate urban highways ; and Orphan Road
argues that while $ 8 billion may not be much in the grand scheme of
things , it does effectively change the national conversation on
high - speed rail .
The Obama administration is refusing to release documents that would identify visitors to the White House , embracing a legal position taken by the former Bush administration , according to a watchdog group that filed a federal lawsuit seeking access to the records .
The group , Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington , filed its lawsuit after being denied access to Secret Service records , including White House entry and exit logs , that would identify coal and energy industry visitors .
The government 's refusal to release the records contrasts with President Barack Obama 's pledge of transparency and frustrates efforts to measure his promises to keep special interests at arm 's length .
The Department of Homeland Security told CREW that most of the records the group seeks are not agency records subject to disclosure under the federal Freedom of Information Act.
Instead , DHS said the records are governed by the Presidential Records Act and not subject to disclosure under the FOIA .
DHS said it had been advised by the Justice Department , which generally defends U.S. government agencies in FOIA cases , that releasing the requested records could reveal information protected by the presidential communications privilege .
The Bush administration fought on the same legal ground for several years in a case that is now before the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit .
A week and a half before Obama took office , U.S. District Judge Royce Lamberth brushed aside the Bush administration 's argument that revealing Secret Service logs would impede the president 's ability to perform his constitutional duties .
The court said the likelihood of harm is not great enough to justify curtailing the public disclosure goals of the Freedom of Information Act .
The long - running controversy over shielding the identities of visitors to the White House and to the personal residence of the vice president is wrapped up in the influence peddling scandal involving now - imprisoned influence peddler Jack Abramoff .
In the spring of 2006 when various groups were trying to find out the dates of Abramoff 's White House visits , the White House and the Secret Service quietly signed an agreement declaring the Secret Service logs identifying visitors to the White House are not open to the public .
Four months later , Vice President Dick Cheney 's office told the Secret Service in a letter that visitor records for the vice president 's personal residence " are and shall remain subject to the exclusive ownership , custody and control of OVP , " the office of the vice president .
The controversy over Cheney involved visits by a number of conservative religious leaders to the vice president 's residence .
Today Google announced that they are launching an operating system called Chrome OS .
This is a strategically very smart move .
Google makes money off the web , their primary source of revenue is adsense which brings in billions of dollars a year .
They are quickly diversifying their offerings with google apps , gmail , analytics and a host of other applications .
All of them webbased .
They are an Internet company by heart :
This is where their soul lies , and this is what they do best .
Their back - end technology is unsurpassed and their brand is phenomenal .
Their future and financial success depends on the Internet .
Or more precisely it depends on having as many people and corporations as possible moving most of their information and work online .
Preferably to one of Google 's offerings .
There are two gatekeeper products between the user and Googles products :
The browser and the OS .
A user needs an OS and a browser to reach Google 's products , and whoever controls these can put up roadblocks between the user and Google .
I 'm talking about Microsoft here of course .
And since many of their products compete with Google , Office being the prime example , they have have all the incentive in the world to make the users way through the OS and browser as hard a s possible before they can reach Googles products .
It 's a good strategic decision , Office is a major cash cow and accounts for a large part of Microsofts revenue .
It would be stupid to make it easier to use a competitors products if you can do something about it .
Which Microsoft can because they are the gatekeepers .
Google knows this , and are trying hard to change the status quo .
That 's why they have long supported the Mozilla foundation who make the Firefox browser .
It 's also why they launched their own browser last year .
Microsofts
Internet explorer has always been buggy , and not quite up to date .
The newest technology often is n't available in explorer .
This is n't because Microsoft engineers are stupid , it 's because Microsoft management is good at strategy .
They want people to use the Internet for browsing news and finding information , not to start undermining the goldmine that is office .
And you need a state of the art browser to use the heavy javascript that makes online productivity apps possible .
When Google launched a browser it was a jab at the gatekeepers .
It was much faster and more responsive than Explorer , and the javascript engine blew them out of the water .
This put Microsoft in a strategically bad position , they did n't want to make the browser so good that online apps could eat away at their core business , but if they did n't follow suit they would start losing marketshare quickly .
Damned if you do , damned if you do n't .
Note that Google 's browser does n't need to have a large marketshare , indeed that 's not the goal .
The goal is to show the world what can be done in a browser , and thereby forcing Microsoft to innovate .
And it worked :
The newer versions of explorer are faster and have particularly gotten better at executing javascript , the backbone of online apps .
Google won the browser war , with the help of Mozilla .
The important point here is that Google does n't care what browser you use .
They do n't make money on browsers , they make money on online offerings and apps so all they care about is that your browser is fast and supports the newest technologies .
Now they are launching an operating system , and attacking the last gatekeeper technology between the enduser and their offerings .
Strategically the situation is exactly the same as the browser war , Google does n't care if you use their OS .
All they care about is that you can get to their products quickly , and that you start moving your data onto the web instead of keeping it on your own harddrive .
And the way to do this is to launch an operating system that shows how easy it is to use the Internet for almost anything .
That 's why they have been boasting about ridiculously low startup times .
Turn on your computer and 10 seconds later you 'll be at google.com .
And they 'll use the OS to show how little you actually need to have on your computer , how few programs you need installed , and how much easier it is if you find your information with Google , use Google docs for your work , share your family pictures with picassa , and check your website stats with Google analytics .
Microsoft will have to adapt , and follow along .
If they want to keep their marketshare that is .
Of course they 'll be destroying their core business in the process .
Damned if you do , damned if you do n't .
This one will be hard for Microsoft to counter .
Smudge By PatriciaVazquez Watch
11 K Favourites 1K Comments 124K Views
~ Until one has loved an animal , part of their soul remains unawakened ~
few weeks old ...... i am hand raising it ....
~ Bahamas 09 ~
Pls check out my new website :
www.patriciavazquezphotography.com and pls sing my guestbook if you like !!
Love to hear from you all ...
IMAGE DETAILS Image size 3183x2490px 3.06 MB
Make Canon Model Canon EOS 5D Shutter Speed 1/197 second Aperture F/ 5.6 Focal Length 300 mm ISO Speed 400 Date Taken Jul 15 , 2009 , 8:48:03 PM
Show More
Published : Jul 16 , 2009
Hookahs are water pipes that are used to smoke specially made tobacco that comes in different flavors , such as apple , mint , cherry , chocolate , coconut , licorice , cappuccino , and watermelon .
1,2
Although many users think it is less harmful , hookah smoking has many of the same health risks as cigarette smoking .
1,2
Hookah is also called narghile , argileh , shisha , hubble - bubble , and goza .
1,2
Hookahs vary in size , shape , and style .
2
A typical modern hookah has a head ( with holes in the bottom ) , a metal body , a water bowl , and a flexible hose with a mouthpiece .
3,4
Hookah smoking is typically done in groups , with the same mouthpiece passed from person to person .
1,2,3,4
Jeff Overs , a photographer here at BBC News , has won first prize in the features category of The Press Photographers Year competition which showcases the outstanding press photographs taken for and used by the UK media .
The image of Battersea Power Station ( above ) was one of 7,877 photographs entered from which 146 pictures made the final cut in 16 categories .
I asked Jeff to explain how he came to take the picture , he said :
" It was a memorable moment because I had a road accident at that location .
I had seen the ' English garden ' hoarding before , but always on grey days , and had thought to myself that I would stop sometime when it was sunny .
" That day ( a year ago this week ) I was driving past and saw the cumulus clouds and blue sky - so I indicated and filtered into the right turn lane .
Suddenly a white delivery van hurtled over the slight hill behind me and came smashing into the back of my car , shunting me along the street and causing quite a bit of damage to my vehicle .
" After the exchange of details , and having photographed the accident as evidence ( it was his fault by the way ) I decided to stay a while and photograph the view across the road .
" I saw the jogger coming into view so put on a polarizing filter and took the picture shown , all the while standing next to my damaged car by the pavement .
I waited a while and took others but this was the best frame .
If I had n't been in slight shock from the RTA I might have stuck around longer !
" The effect of the polarizing filter added to the surreal hoarding image with repeating topiary garden pattern makes it look like a composite Photoshop image - it is n't ! "
I offer my congratulations to Jeff and the other winners .
You can see the winning pictures on the PPY website or they are on display at the National Theatre in London until 31 August .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Video footage of a man being shot twice with a Taser gun has been passed to the police complaints body .
The man was filmed struggling during the incident on Sunday night in Upper Parliament Street , Nottingham , as four officers attempted to arrest him .
A large group appeared and some people remonstrated with officers .
Nottinghamshire Police said no complaint had been made but they have referred the footage to the Independent Police Complaints Commission ( IPCC ) .
The footage shows two officers trying to arrest the man who is lying in the road outside Nottingham 's Theatre Royal .
But when they encounter difficulty , the officer with the Taser orders his colleague to let go of the man .
Group gathered
He then fires the Taser , which consists of two darts on the end of wires containing a 50,000 volt shock .
The two male officers were joined by two other officers who ordered the man to put his hands out .
When he failed to do so , the officer with the Taser fires it again , shouting : " Taser , Taser , Taser . "
A crowd of 30 to 40 people quickly gathered and questioned the police 's tactics .
The video was given to local radio station Trent FM and has also been posted on YouTube .
' Trust and confidence '
Nottinghamshire Police said officers were trying to arrest the 40 - year - old man after they were called out by door staff at one of the city 's nightspots .
A police officer was assaulted , the force claimed , and needed hospital treatment .
A spokeswoman for the force said no complaint had been made against the officers involved and no - one had been suspended .
The man was subsequently arrested on suspicion of causing grievous bodily harm and released on police bail .
Assistant Chief Constable Peter Davies said : " We understand that some members of the public may be concerned about this .
" The public 's trust and confidence is very important for us , which is why we have referred this matter for an objective investigation to the IPCC . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The US government has announced a major reform of banking regulation to prevent future financial crises .
The overhaul will require big banks to put more money aside against future losses to curb excessive risk taking .
Consumers will get a special agency to protect their interests and regulate mortgages and credit cards .
In outlining the reforms , President Barack Obama described them as the biggest shake - up of the US system of financial regulation since the 1930s .
The US central bank , the Federal Reserve , will be given the authority to monitor major financial institutions .
The US president said the lack of oversight among finance firms prompted systemic abuse causing risks for both companies and individuals .
" We are working hard to build a new foundation for sustained economic growth .
This will not be easy , " he said .
" We know that this recession is not a result of one failure but of many .
And many of the toughest challenges we face are the product of a cascade of mistakes and missed opportunities which took place over a course of decades . "
New rules
KEY US BANKING REFORMS
Tougher capital requirements for big banks Regulation of financial markets Better consumer and investor protection Powers to take over failing banks Global regulatory standards and more co-operation
Regulation ' not to blame ' in the UK Analysis : US regulation still leaves gaps
The aim is to deal with the weaknesses that the sub - prime crisis and the financial meltdown revealed in the fragmented US regulatory system .
" With their proposals today , the administration has moved this critical debate from broad discussion to specific action - this is an important step forward , " said Timothy Ryan , chief executive of the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association .
He said it was a " once- in - a - generation opportunity to rebuild our regulatory structure so that our financial system is more stable , more resilient and better underpins a dynamic US economy " .
But not everyone was so positive .
Peter Morici of the Smith School of Business at the University of Maryland described the changes as " a huge bureaucratic overreach that will prove ineffective and too costly " .
Consumer protection
In talking about the causes of the financial crisis Mr Obama said complex financial instruments were meant to spread risk but instead concentrated it .
" It was easy money , " he said .
" But these schemes were built on a pile of sand . "
The changes are aimed at dealing with systemic risks that could harm the whole financial system , raising capital requirements for banks , ensuring that the government can take over failing institutions , and protecting consumers and investors .
A new Consumer Financial Protection Agency will be created and the Federal Trade Commission will gain new powers to protect consumers , as well as more powers for the Securities and Exchange Commission , for the benefit of investors .
There will be more regulation of hedge funds , securitised debts and over - the - counter derivatives , all of which have been blamed for exacerbating the financial crisis and leading to a " culture of irresponsibility " that dominated Wall Street , said Mr Obama .
" Mortgage brokers will be held to higher standards , exotic mortgages that hide exploding costs will no longer be the norm , home mortgage disclosures will be reasonable , clearly written , and concise , " said Mr Obama .
And shareholders will be given more power to question executive bonuses .
The reforms will also fulfil the commitments made by the US at the G20 summit in London to join in the worldwide effort to toughen financial regulation .
New institutions
Bear Stearns ' problems caused shockwaves in global financial markets
The reforms will enhance the power of the Federal Reserve to supervise and ultimately order the takeover of any financial institution in trouble .
But the central bank will have to gain Treasury Department approval before it can offer more credit to firms in " unusual and exigent circumstances . "
It was the inability of the US government to take over Lehman Brothers that threw the financial markets into turmoil in September last year .
A new council of regulators , the Financial Services Oversight Council , is to be created to co-ordinate the supervision of the banking system .
Meanwhile , one banking regulator - the Office of Thrift Supervision - will be abolished .
And the Fed will lose some of its powers to regulate mortgages to the new Consumer Financial Protection Agency .
Fight in Congress
The proposals for regulatory reform could face significant opposition in Congress .
Mr Obama has said he expected Congress to " work swiftly to get these laws into place " , but warned that his plans would be a " heavy lift " because they faced opposition from " special interests " .
Ethan Siegel , of the Washington Exchange , which assesses laws for institutional investors , said : " I think that the Obama administration has put on the table a politically smart , pragmatic and reasonable package , especially given the territorial politics of Capitol Hill . "
But he added : " I 'm very sceptical that they can get any significant reform through the Congress this year . "
US MEDIA REACTIONS TO OBAMA'S PLANS
Robert Weissman , writing at the Huffington Post , wonders how much of the plan will remain in place after Wall Street lobbyists get to work on it .
Felix Salmon , at the Reuters blog , looks at the " alphabet soup " created by the plan .
Arnold Kling , at EconLog , thinks the US government has made plenty of mistakes during the economic crisis .
Matthew Yglesias , of the Centre for American Progress , thinks politicans will always shy away from unpopular decisions .
The New Republic 's Noam Schieber doubts the ability of any regulator to identify future risky activity .
Love has no major role to play in keeping couples together .
In fact , the chances of a couple staying together are affected primarily by age , previous relationships – and smoking .
That ’s the conclusion of a new study , which was conducted by researchers at the Australian National University .
To reach the conclusion , boffins spent six years monitoring 2,500 couples who were married or living together , reports The Daily Express .
The study found that money played a major factor in deciding whether a couple stand the test of time .
The study , entitled “ What ’s Love Got to Do With It ” , showed that a quarter of partnerships and marriages will end within six years and half will be over within 25 years .
It also found that a husband who is nine or more years older than his wife is twice as likely to get divorced , as are husbands who get married before they turn 25 .
Click Here !
Couples were twice as likely to split if the wife had a much stronger preference for children or for more of them .
Smoking and drinking rates also contributed to relationship breakdown , the study found .
Via The Times of India
By GottaLaff
One of my favorite Tweeters linked me to this .
Randi tells Randall
Terry that he " thinks hate is a Christian value " .
Finally , someone said that out loud right to Terry 's face .
Finally , someone confronted him with facts .
Randi : " You 're endorsing hatred . "
Terry : " It was a joke . "
Terry : " You have mocked Christianity . "
Randi : " You have mocked god ...
You are a Christian terrorist . "
Listen :
MANAGUA , Nicaragua -- Alexis Arguello , who fought in one of boxing 's most classic brawls and reigned supreme at 130 pounds , was found dead at his home early Wednesday .
Coroners were conducting an autopsy to determine the cause of death .
Sandinista Party 's Radio Ya and other local media were reporting it appeared to be a suicide .
Alexis Arguello was found dead Wednesday at 57 .
He is pictured in June 1981 after beating Jim Watt to win the WBC lightweight title .
Getty Images
The La Prensa newspaper reported that Arguello -- elected mayor of Nicaragua 's capital last year -- was found with a gunshot wound to the chest .
The 57 - year - old Arguello retired in 1995 with a record of 82 - 8 and 65 knockouts and was a champion in three weight divisions .
He was perhaps best known for two thrilling battles with Aaron Pryor and fights with Ray Mancini , Bobby Chacon and Ruben Olivares .
" I 'm kind of in a daze right now , " Pryor told The Associated Press .
" Those were great fights we had .
This was a great champion . "
Nicknamed " The Explosive Thin Man , " Arguello was inducted in 1992 into the International Boxing Hall of Fame , where flags were flying at half - staff in his honor Wednesday .
Hundreds of people lined up to say goodbye to Arguello Wednesday night at a memorial service at the Palace of Culture in the capital of Nicaragua .
Student Jose Jarquin , 18 , said " he was an example for everyone as a disciplined athlete , nothing like other boxers who have embarrassed us with their performances outside the ring . "
Nicaragua President Daniel Ortega canceled a trip to Panama for the inauguration of President - elect Ricardo Martinelli and attended the service .
Ortega described Arguello as " an extraordinary human being full of truth . "
In 1999 , a panel of experts assembled by the AP voted Arguello the best junior lightweight and sixth - best lightweight of the 20th century .
Arguello never lost a fight at 130 pounds .
His popularity in his own country was so great that he carried the flag for Nicaragua at the 2008 Beijing Olympics , and led to his decision to seek public office .
" Not only was he one of the greatest fighters I 've ever seen , he was the most intelligent fighter , " Bob Arum , who promoted some of his biggest fights , told the AP .
" He was a ring tactician .
Every move was thought out .
And he was a wonderful , wonderful person . "
Arguello turned professional in 1968 and lost his first bout .
He did n't lose much after that , and six years later rallied to knock out Olivares in the 13th round and win the featherweight title .
Arguello went on to win the super featherweight and lightweight titles , his 5 - foot - 10 frame and long reach allowing him to move up in weight without losing his tremendous punching power .
At the time , he was only the sixth boxer to win championships in three weight classes , and was considered for a while the best pound - for - pound fighter in the world .
" I felt sad receiving the news and still find it hard to believe , " retired boxer Oscar De La Hoya said from Los Angeles .
" Alexis was my idol .
When I was young , I heard so much about him and his fights and loved his style in the ring .
In my opinion he was of the biggest and most influential fighters boxing has ever produced . "
De La Hoya said Arguello attended his fight against Steve Forbes in May 2008 , which was De La Hoya 's last victory .
" We shared some great moments together before and after the fight , " he said .
" Arguello was definitely a legend in the boxing world because of all the joy he brought to his fans with his unforgettable career and amazing personality . "
Arguello moved up in weight again in November 1982 to challenge Pryor for the 140 - pound belt , a fight billed as " Battle of the Champions , " and tried to become the first fighter to win titles in four divisions .
More than 23,000 fans packed the Orange Bowl in Miami , and the two waged an epic battle in which Pryor knocked out Arguello in the 14th round .
My little Bird Voxel is My World
Posted on 20180629
RIGHT
VOXEL WAS LAST SEEN IN THE DURHAM CHAPEL HILL NC AREA 6205 FARRINGTON ROAD on SUNDAY the 24th .
He Could have flown far , or have been picked up by a cat or someone and brought to a shelter , rescue , vet , etc .
I 'm asking if you could keep a lookout for him if anyone has brought in , talked about , called about , recently acquired , or has seen this little birdVoxel is an English Budgie / Parakeet .
He 's about 7 inches in length , blue nose , and is a cream colour with yellow patches .
Very friendly and will step up on your finger or sit on your shoulder .
He 's very talkative !
Loves it if you say ' budgie budgie budgie ' to him .
If seen , or know someone who has recently found a parakeet matching Voxel 's description PLEASE CONTACT USAWAY !!IF HE COMES TO YOU : Let him land on you , just be calm and still and coo at him , tell him he 's a good bird or ' budgie budgie budgie ' then CALMLY walk indoors .
He LOVES seed and bread .
But again , if you see him at ALL please contact us RIGHT AWAY .
I 'm BEYOND distraught right now and in a total meltdown panic .
If you have any info or resources to help my find my little bird you can call me or text me at : Please share with your friends , family , co-workers and your social media if at all possible .
I need all the help I can get right now and the more eyes looking for him the better .
Thank you for your time !-
Jenny Adams
The Internet is full .
Or so Channel Seven 's Sunrise informed their viewers .
And in doing so , Sunrise has been badly duped .
As reported in the Week in Geek column , Sunrise recently reported that the Internet is nearly full .
Besides the hilarity in watching David Koch describe the Internet as consisting of a series of tubes ( channelling Ted Stevens ) , Pete Blasina explained that he was surprised that the Internet had n’t run out of capacity already , that the Internet was 13 years old ( it is n’t ) , and that the switches on the Internet are the critical consideration .
Old hats in technology reporting know that stories about the Internet running out of capacity are nearly as old as the Internet itself ( well , Blasina ’s Internet back to 1996 ) .
Here ’s a few old links :
The story is nearly always the same : telcos and infrastructure companies fund research that finds that the latest trend online at the time ( audio , video , HD video , P2P , Sykpe and social networking are some previously used ) is too much for the Internet to handle .
The reasons behind the studies are usually variations on a theme : Government regulation or Government financial support .
Which is where we start our story on how Sunrise played a role in the latest outbreak of industry astroturfing .
The study quoted by Blasina on Sunrise is based on research by Nemertes Research , a Monkena , Illinois firm that specialises in “ analysing and quantifying the business value of emerging technologies ” .
Nemertes is a commercial operation , and does not fund research out of the goodness of its heart .
Instead , it does so exclusively for corporations .
But unlike some research firms who are focused on one - offs , Nemertes according to their website “ typically work with clients on an annual retainer basis ” .
And one of those clients is the Internet Innovation Alliance ( IIA ) .
The IIA is not attributed in the most recently released Nemertes research ( 2008 report ) , indeed no sponsoring party in mentioned in the research .
However , this report was a follow up to a nearly identical report released by Nemertes in 2007 ( this earlier report is referenced at the beginning of the 2008 report . )
Thanks for signing up
We look forward to seeing you bright and early with your need - to - know talking points and tidbits for the day ahead .
Get Crikey FREE to your inbox every weekday morning with the Crikey Worm .
Please enter your email address Sign up
That report was sponsored by the IIA , in what Timothy Karr referred to in The Huffington Post as “ Suckered by Astroturf ” .
Notably , the IIA put out a press release on the same day Nemertes released the 2008 report which quoted the contents extensively .
But who is the IIA ?
The IIA is an “ astroturf ” group underwritten by AT&T that also includes among its members other leading infrastructure providers including Nortel , Alcatel Lucent , and others .
The lead policy item on their website reads “ IIA is calling for a national broadband strategy ” ( not to be confused with the Australian NBN . )
In the American context , that could mean money or regulatory support from the US Government , or both .
But how did a primarily American focused astroturfing campaign end up be served to Australians on breakfast television ?
The outbreak of “ Internet is full ” stories this time was remarkably subdued .
The last research paper was released in November 2008 , which might account for part of the silence , although Sunrise says there ’s a new report coming ( the contents year to year ultimately deliver nearly the same doom and gloom message . )
Given strong coverage of the 2007 outbreak as being an astroturfing campaign , news rooms may have been a little wiser this time round .
That did n’t stop The Courier Mail running an extract , and linking to a story at The Times .
John Harlow at The Times takes the hook in full , and even goes as far as interviewing a Nermertes analyst without once disclosing that the information he was using in his article was funded in full by the industry .
But Blasina did n’t quote from The Times , who primarily took a UK view .
Blasina had been briefed on the basics , and the who comes directly from Blasina , when in a Freudian slip he responds to a question on how the problem may be fixed by saying “ we … we are putting … sorry … there are companies , for example Cisco ” .
( At the 3:39 minute mark of the video ) .
There ’s also an earlier reference to “ we need a huge investment ” to make sure the worst case does n’t happen , and the weird focus on switches .
The focus on switches is strange on two counts : it does n’t match the otherwise dumbed down explanations in the piece , and references to switches in the previous studies are made , but not in the introduction .
Given Blasina can’t even accurately describe when the Internet was founded , I ’d doubt very much that he read the whole study .
Could the focus on switches have been delivered by one the largest suppliers of Internet “ switches ” , Cisco ?
Cisco is n’t a member of the IIA , but is a major supplier to AT&T , and would benefit greatly from any increase broadband capacity , both in the United States , and Australia , where Cisco is among other things , a Telstra partner .
Cisco has products featured on the Kochie ’s Business Builders Program , and is also a program sponsor through the Cisco Small Business competition .
Blasina also reports for the same program , and on at least one occasion , interviewed Cisco , if that ’s the right word .
On another occasion , Business Builders also ran a piece on ZyNet , a company that proudly notes in this article their key relationship with Cisco .
On the Kochie ’s Business Builders site , the same story includes the reference “ Paul also explains how Cisco helped them to achieve this ” .
Blasina also appears to have a direct connection with Cisco , with Cisco seemingly sponsoring giveaways on his GadgetGuy website .
If you ’re looking for a good rebuttal to the core ideas in this research , The Economist ( as respectable as they come ) as a well written counter argument here .
Do n't call Wolfram Alpha a search engine .
Billed by its creators at Wolfram Research as a " computational knowledge engine , " Wolfram Alpha uses mathematical techniques to cross-reference myriad specialized databases , producing unique results for each query .
For example , query Wolfram Alpha for " San Francisco New York elevation " and you get back a page explaining that , at 52 feet above sea level , San Francisco is 60 percent higher than New York .
( The same query at Google yields links to airline ticketing sites , a review of a pilates studio in San Francisco , and a blurb about a New York burger joint . )
But that 's not all that separates Wolfram Alpha from traditional search engines .
Try cutting and pasting from the results page .
You can't , and with good reason .
According to Wolfram Alpha 's terms of use , its knowledge engine is " an authoritative source of information , " because " in many cases the data you are shown never existed before in exactly that way until you asked for it . "
Therefore , " failure to properly attribute results from Wolfram Alpha is not only a violation of [ its license terms ] , but may also constitute academic plagiarism or a violation of copyright law . "
[ Tired of being told to do more with less ?
Participate in the Slow IT movement : Rant on our wailing wall .
Read the Slow IT manifesto .
Trade Slow IT tips and techniques in our discussion group .
Get Slow IT shirts , mugs , and more goodies . ]
In other words , Wolfram Research is claiming that each page of results returned by the Wolfram Alpha engine is a unique , copyrightable work , like a report or term paper .
That makes Wolfram Alpha different not just from classic search engines , but from most software .
While software companies routinely retain sole ownership of their software and license it to users , Wolfram Research has taken the additional step of claiming ownership of the output of the software itself .
It 's a bold assertion , and one that could have significant ramifications for the software industry as a whole .
The mad mathematician of the software industry
Stephen Wolfram , the brains behind Wolfram Alpha , has no qualms about bucking established practice .
A mathematical prodigy , he published his first scientific paper at 15 ; studied at Eton , Oxford , and Caltech ; and held staff positions at a number of universities , but left academia in the late 1980s to focus on entrepreneurship and independent research .
He has n't authored a proper , peer - reviewed paper in years , but in 2002 he published " A New Kind of Science , " a 1,200 - page tome that he claimed would revolutionize science and introduce " a whole new way of looking at the universe . "
" It may sound arrogant , but I have moved pretty far away from what most scientists know about , " Wolfram told Technology Review in 1997 .
" That means there are fewer and fewer people I can talk to about what I am doing .
Your typical top scientist does not know this stuff . "
Not everyone agrees .
Wolfram 's critics describe him as egotistical and dismissive ; his research , undisciplined and flawed .
Cosma Shalizi , a statistician at the University of Urbana whose work overlaps Wolfram's , fears that in his isolation Wolfram has become " a crank in the classic mold . "
" A New Kind of Science , " Shalizi says , is not the landmark book Wolfram claims it is ; rather , it is " a rare blend of monster raving egomania and utter batshit insanity . "
If his science is suspect , however , Wolfram 's business acumen is above dispute .
Privately held Wolfram Research 's main software product , the computational toolkit Mathematica , retails for around $ 2,500 per seat in many markets and has been wildly successful .
The Wolfram Alpha engine was itself written in Mathematica , making it a valuable marketing tool for Wolfram 's software offerings , if nothing else .
But Wolfram has much bigger plans for Alpha .
The launch team says it 's thinking of the project in terms of a 20 - year - plus timeline , but it will always be a work in progress .
The latter is generally true of any active site ; in Wolfram 's case , however , finding ways to profit from the knowledge engine must surely be an ongoing concern .
No wonder the company sees its query results as intellectual property .
Is software output copyrightable ?
Wolfram might be right .
It is at least theoretically possible to copyright works generated by machines .
Consider electronic music , for example .
But some things can't be copyrighted , including recipes , simple instructions , and other trivial bits of information .
For Wolfram Alpha to claim copyright protection for its query results , its pages must be such original presentations of information that they qualify as unique works of authorship .
How unique are they really ?
Wolfram claims that its knowledge engine is powered by exclusive , proprietary sources of " curated data , " but many of the actual data points it works with are nothing more than commonplace facts .
The query " 300 feet in centimeters , " for example , returns equally useful results whether you query Wolfram Alpha or Google .
Wolfram Alpha merely pads the job .
But as Wolfram Alpha improves , not every query will be quite so simple .
It 's easy to imagine cases where Wolfram 's claims could be upheld .
The problem is that under current copyright law , where copyright protection is applicable it is automatic .
Contrary to popular belief , you do n't need to file a form with the government to copyright your work , or even attach a copyright notice to it .
If the work qualifies , copyright exists as soon as the work is completed , even if it is only a letter , a doodle , or a novel that will live out its days in a box in your closet .
So if copyright is applicable to Wolfram Alpha 's output in some cases , by extension the same rules apply to every other information service in similar cases .
Copyright traps for software developers and users
Consider your Gmail inbox .
That 's your mail , right ?
But wait -- you did n't write it , someone else did .
So it 's theirs -- right ?
But the mail only exists in a database on Google 's servers , and when you display the mail you 're really viewing a custom presentation of the raw data in your Web browser , created exclusively by Google .
Is that presentation a unique work ?
What about when you search your mail or organize it into threads ?
Now you 're asking Gmail to perform transformations on the data held in its stores and present it in new ways .
Are these views of data any less unique than Wolfram Alpha 's query results ?
If the answer is no , then where do we draw the line ?
Wolfram Alpha and Gmail are both examples of SaaS ( software as a service ) , but even desktop software is offered under strict license terms .
Suppose you have an Excel spreadsheet full of numbers that you input , but then you ask Excel to generate a series of complex graphs based on rules , formulae , and templates designed by Microsoft .
Or what about pivot tables ?
What about mash - ups or tools like Mozilla Jetpack ?
If unique presentations based on software - based manipulation of mundane data are copyrightable , who retains what rights to the resulting works ?
Of course , these are all questions for the lawyers .
Until the answers are tested in the courts , however , the issue of copyright for software output will remain a gray area .
Until it is resolved , software developers and their representation must anticipate how intellectual property law might affect users of their software or consumers of their services , their business partners , and themselves , particularly as computing moves ever further onto the Web .
Computers are evolving – literally .
While the tech world argues netbooks vs notebooks , synthetic biologists are leaving traditional computers behind altogether .
A team of US scientists have engineered bacteria that could solve complex mathematical problems faster than anything made from silicon .
The research , published today in the Journal of Biological Engineering , proves that bacteria can be used to solve a puzzle known as the Hamiltonian Path Problem .
Imagine you want to tour the 10 biggest cities in the UK – one route might start in London ( number 1 ) and finish in Bristol ( number 10 ) , for example .
The solution to the Hamiltonian Path Problem would be the route that takes in each city just once .
This simple problem is surprisingly difficult to solve .
There are over 3.5 million possible routes to choose from , and a regular computer must try them out one at a time to find the one that visits each city only once .
Alternatively , a computer made from millions of bacteria can look at every route simultaneously .
The biological world also has other advantages .
As time goes by , a bacterial computer will actually increase in power as the bacteria reproduce .
Programming such a computer is no easy task , however .
The researchers coded a simplified version of the problem , using just three cities , by modifying the DNA of Escherichia coli bacteria .
The cities were represented by a combination of genes causing the bacteria to glow red or green , and the possible routes between the cities were explored by the random shuffling of DNA .
Bacteria producing the correct answer glowed both colours , turning them yellow .
The experiment worked , and the scientists checked the yellow bacteria 's answer by examining their DNA sequence .
By using additional genetic differences such as resistance to particular antibiotics , the team believe their method could be expanded to solve problems involving more cities .
This is not the only problem bacteria can solve .
The research builds on previous work by the same team , who last year created a bacterial computer to solve the Burnt Pancake Problem .
This unusually named conundrum is a mathematical sorting process that can be visualised as a stack of pancakes , all burnt on one side , which must be ordered by size .
In addition to proving the power of bacterial computing , the team have also contributed significantly to the field of synthetic biology .
Just as electronic circuits are made from transistors , diodes and other devices , so too are biological circuits .
Synthetic biologists have worked together to create the Registry of Standard Biological Parts , and this new research has contributed more than 60 new components to the list .
For more information on the expanding field of synthetic biology , download the latest edition of the Guardian 's Science Weekly podcast .
Alok Jha and James Randerson were joined in the pod by synthetic biologist Paul Freemont , professor of protein crystallography at Imperial College London , to discuss a future of biological machines .
To get daily news updates from Guardian Science , follow us on Twitter .
• This article was amended on 27 July .
The original said that the Hamiltonian Path involved finding the shortest route between a set of cities .
This has been corrected .
A Latina judge 's voice
Judge Sonia Sotomayor 's 2001 address to the ' Raising the Bar ' symposium at the UC Berkeley School of Law
Note : Federal Appeals Court Judge Sonia Sotomayor , nominated by President Obama on May 26 , 2009 , to serve on the U.S. Supreme Court , delivered this talk on Oct. 26 , 2001 , as the Judge Mario G. Olmos Memorial Lecture .
She spoke at a UC Berkeley School of Law symposium titled " Raising the Bar : Latino and Latina Presence in the Judiciary and the Struggle for Representation . "
The symposium was co-hosted by the La Raza Law Journal , the Berkeley La Raza Law Students Association , the Boalt Hall Center for Social Justice , and the Center for Latino Policy Research .
The text below is from the archives of the La Raza Law Journal .
Judge Sotomayor grew up in a South Bronx housing project and graduated from Princeton University and Yale Law School .
She was a former prosecutor in the office of the District Attorney in Manhattan and an associate and then partner in the New York law firm of Pavia & Harcourt .
She was also a member of the Puerto Rico Legal Defense and Education Fund .
Nominated to the Second Circuit in 1997 , she became the first Latina nominated to sit on a federal appellate court .
Judge Sotomayor grew up in a South Bronx housing project and graduated from Princeton University and Yale Law School .
She was a former prosecutor in the office of the District Attorney in Manhattan and an associate and then partner in the New York law firm of Pavia & Harcourt .
She was also a member of the Puerto Rico Legal Defense and Education Fund .
Nominated to the Second Circuit in 1997 , she became the first Latina nominated to sit on a federal appellate court .
Judge Reynoso , thank you for that lovely introduction .
I am humbled to be speaking behind a man who has contributed so much to the Hispanic community .
I am also grateful to have such kind words said about me .
I am delighted to be here .
It is nice to escape my hometown for just a little bit .
It is also nice to say hello to old friends who are in the audience , to rekindle contact with old acquaintances and to make new friends among those of you in the audience .
It is particularly heart warming to me to be attending a conference to which I was invited by a Latina law school friend , Rachel Moran , who is now an accomplished and widely respected legal scholar .
I warn Latinos in this room : Latinas are making a lot of progress in the old - boy network .
I am also deeply honored to have been asked to deliver the annual Judge Mario G. Olmos lecture .
I am joining a remarkable group of prior speakers who have given this lecture .
I hope what I speak about today continues to promote the legacy of that man whose commitment to public service and abiding dedication to promoting equality and justice for all people inspired this memorial lecture and the conference that will follow .
I thank Judge Olmos ' widow Mary Louise 's family , her son and the judge 's many friends for hosting me .
And for the privilege you have bestowed on me in honoring the memory of a very special person .
If I and the many people of this conference can accomplish a fraction of what Judge Olmos did in his short but extraordinary life we and our respective communities will be infinitely better .
I intend tonight to touch upon the themes that this conference will be discussing this weekend and to talk to you about my Latina identity , where it came from , and the influence I perceive it has on my presence on the bench .
Who am I ?
I am a " Newyorkrican . "
For those of you on the West Coast who do not know what that term means : I am a born and bred New Yorker of Puerto Rican - born parents who came to the states during World War II .
Like many other immigrants to this great land , my parents came because of poverty and to attempt to find and secure a better life for themselves and the family that they hoped to have .
They largely succeeded .
For that , my brother and I are very grateful .
The story of that success is what made me and what makes me the Latina that I am .
The Latina side of my identity was forged and closely nurtured by my family through our shared experiences and traditions .
For me , a very special part of my being Latina is the mucho platos de arroz , gandoles y pernir - rice , beans and pork - that I have eaten at countless family holidays and special events .
My Latina identity also includes , because of my particularly adventurous taste buds , morcilla , -- pig intestines , patitas de cerdo con garbanzo -- pigs ' feet with beans , and la lengua y orejas de cuchifrito , pigs ' tongue and ears .
I bet the Mexican - Americans in this room are thinking that Puerto Ricans have unusual food tastes .
Some of us , like me , do .
Part of my Latina identity is the sound of merengue at all our family parties and the heart wrenching Spanish love songs that we enjoy .
It is the memory of Saturday afternoon at the movies with my aunt and cousins watching Cantinflas , who is not Puerto Rican , but who was an icon Spanish comedian on par with Abbot and Costello of my generation .
My Latina soul was nourished as I visited and played at my grandmother 's house with my cousins and extended family .
They were my friends as I grew up .
Being a Latina child was watching the adults playing dominos on Saturday night and us kids playing lotería , bingo , with my grandmother calling out the numbers which we marked on our cards with chick peas .
Now , does any one of these things make me a Latina ?
Obviously not because each of our Caribbean and Latin American communities has their own unique food and different traditions at the holidays .
I only learned about tacos in college from my Mexican - American roommate .
Being a Latina in America also does not mean speaking Spanish .
I happen to speak it fairly well .
But my brother , only three years younger , like too many of us educated here , barely speaks it .
Most of us born and bred here , speak it very poorly .
If I had pursued my career in my undergraduate history major , I would likely provide you with a very academic description of what being a Latino or Latina means .
For example , I could define Latinos as those peoples and cultures populated or colonized by Spain who maintained or adopted Spanish or Spanish Creole as their language of communication .
You can tell that I have been very well educated .
That antiseptic description however , does not really explain the appeal of morcilla - pig 's intestine - to an American born child .
It does not provide an adequate explanation of why individuals like us , many of whom are born in this completely different American culture , still identify so strongly with those communities in which our parents were born and raised .
America has a deeply confused image of itself that is in perpetual tension .
We are a nation that takes pride in our ethnic diversity , recognizing its importance in shaping our society and in adding richness to its existence .
Yet , we simultaneously insist that we can and must function and live in a race and color - blind way that ignore these very differences that in other contexts we laud .
That tension between " the melting pot and the salad bowl " -- a recently popular metaphor used to described New York 's diversity - is being hotly debated today in national discussions about affirmative action .
Many of us struggle with this tension and attempt to maintain and promote our cultural and ethnic identities in a society that is often ambivalent about how to deal with its differences .
In this time of great debate we must remember that it is not political struggles that create a Latino or Latina identity .
I became a Latina by the way I love and the way I live my life .
My family showed me by their example how wonderful and vibrant life is and how wonderful and magical it is to have a Latina soul .
They taught me to love being a Puerto Riqueña and to love America and value its lesson that great things could be achieved if one works hard for it .
But achieving success here is no easy accomplishment for Latinos or Latinas , and although that struggle did not and does not create a Latina identity , it does inspire how I live my life .
I was born in the year 1954 .
That year was the fateful year in which Brown v. Board of Education was decided .
When I was eight , in 1961 , the first Latino , the wonderful Judge Reynaldo Garza , was appointed to the federal bench , an event we are celebrating at this conference .
When I finished law school in 1979 , there were no women judges on the Supreme Court or on the highest court of my home state , New York .
There was then only one Afro-American Supreme Court Justice and then and now no Latino or Latina justices on our highest court .
Now in the last twenty plus years of my professional life , I have seen a quantum leap in the representation of women and Latinos in the legal profession and particularly in the judiciary .
In addition to the appointment of the first female United States Attorney General , Janet Reno , we have seen the appointment of two female justices to the Supreme Court and two female justices to the New York Court of Appeals , the highest court of my home state .
One of those judges is the Chief Judge and the other is a Puerto Riqueña , like I am .
As of today , women sit on the highest courts of almost all of the states and of the territories , including Puerto Rico .
One Supreme Court , that of Minnesota , had a majority of women justices for a period of time .
As of September 1 , 2001 , the federal judiciary consisting of Supreme , Circuit and District Court Judges was about 22 % women .
In 1992 , nearly ten years ago , when I was first appointed a District Court Judge , the percentage of women in the total federal judiciary was only 13 % .
Now , the growth of Latino representation is somewhat less favorable .
As of today we have , as I noted earlier , no Supreme Court justices , and we have only 10 out of 147 active Circuit Court judges and 30 out of 587 active district court judges .
Those numbers are grossly below our proportion of the population .
As recently as 1965 , however , the federal bench had only three women serving and only one Latino judge .
So changes are happening , although in some areas , very slowly .
These figures and appointments are heartwarming .
Nevertheless , much still remains to happen .
Let us not forget that between the appointments of Justice Sandra Day O'Connor in 1981 and Justice Ginsburg in 1992 , eleven years passed .
Similarly , between Justice Kaye 's initial appointment as an Associate Judge to the New York Court of Appeals in 1983 , and Justice Ciparick 's appointment in 1993 , ten years elapsed .
Almost nine years later , we are waiting for a third appointment of a woman to both the Supreme Court and the New York Court of Appeals and of a second minority , male or female , preferably Hispanic , to the Supreme Court .
In 1992 when I joined the bench , there were still two out of 13 circuit courts and about 53 out of 92 district courts in which no women sat .
At the beginning of September of 2001 , there are women sitting in all 13 circuit courts .
The First , Fifth , Eighth and Federal Circuits each have only one female judge , however , out of a combined total number of 48 judges .
There are still nearly 37 district courts with no women judges at all .
For women of color the statistics are more sobering .
As of September 20 , 1998 , of the then 195 circuit court judges only two were African - American women and two Hispanic women .
Of the 641 district court judges only twelve were African - American women and eleven Hispanic women .
African - American women comprise only 1.56 % of the federal judiciary and Hispanic - American women comprise only 1 % .
No African - American , male or female , sits today on the Fourth or Federal circuits .
And no Hispanics , male or female , sit on the Fourth , Sixth , Seventh , Eighth , District of Columbia or Federal Circuits .
Sort of shocking , is n't it ?
This is the year 2002 .
We have a long way to go .
Unfortunately , there are some very deep storm warnings we must keep in mind .
In at least the last five years the majority of nominated judges the Senate delayed more than one year before confirming or never confirming were women or minorities .
I need not remind this audience that Judge Paez of your home Circuit , the Ninth Circuit , has had the dubious distinction of having had his confirmation delayed the longest in Senate history .
These figures demonstrate that there is a real and continuing need for Latino and Latina organizations and community groups throughout the country to exist and to continue their efforts of promoting women and men of all colors in their pursuit for equality in the judicial system .
This weekend 's conference , illustrated by its name , is bound to examine issues that I hope will identify the efforts and solutions that will assist our communities .
The focus of my speech tonight , however , is not about the struggle to get us where we are and where we need to go but instead to discuss with you what it all will mean to have more women and people of color on the bench .
The statistics I have been talking about provide a base from which to discuss a question which one of my former colleagues on the Southern District bench , Judge Miriam Cederbaum , raised when speaking about women on the federal bench .
Her question was :
What do the history and statistics mean ?
In her speech , Judge Cederbaum expressed her belief that the number of women and by direct inference people of color on the bench , was still statistically insignificant and that therefore we could not draw valid scientific conclusions from the acts of so few people over such a short period of time .
Yet , we do have women and people of color in more significant numbers on the bench and no one can or should ignore pondering what that will mean or not mean in the development of the law .
Now , I cannot and do not claim this issue as personally my own .
In recent years there has been an explosion of research and writing in this area .
On one of the panels tomorrow , you will hear the Latino perspective in this debate .
For those of you interested in the gender perspective on this issue , I commend to you a wonderful compilation of articles published on the subject in Vol. 77 of the Judicature , the Journal of the American Judicature Society of November - December 1993 .
It is on Westlaw / Lexis and I assume the students and academics in this room can find it .
Now Judge Cedarbaum expresses concern with any analysis of women and presumably again people of color on the bench , which begins and presumably ends with the conclusion that women or minorities are different from men generally .
She sees danger in presuming that judging should be gender or anything else based .
She rightly points out that the perception of the differences between men and women is what led to many paternalistic laws and to the denial to women of the right to vote because we were described then " as not capable of reasoning or thinking logically " but instead of " acting intuitively . "
I am quoting adjectives that were bandied around famously during the suffragettes ' movement .
While recognizing the potential effect of individual experiences on perception , Judge Cedarbaum nevertheless believes that judges must transcend their personal sympathies and prejudices and aspire to achieve a greater degree of fairness and integrity based on the reason of law .
Although I agree with and attempt to work toward Judge Cedarbaum 's aspiration , I wonder whether achieving that goal is possible in all or even in most cases .
And I wonder whether by ignoring our differences as women or men of color we do a disservice both to the law and society .
Whatever the reasons why we may have different perspectives , either as some theorists suggest because of our cultural experiences or as others postulate because we have basic differences in logic and reasoning , are in many respects a small part of a larger practical question we as women and minority judges in society in general must address .
I accept the thesis of a law school classmate , Professor Steven Carter of Yale Law School , in his affirmative action book that in any group of human beings there is a diversity of opinion because there is both a diversity of experiences and of thought .
Thus , as noted by another Yale Law School Professor -- I did graduate from there and I am not really biased except that they seem to be doing a lot of writing in that area -- Professor Judith Resnik says that there is not a single voice of feminism , not a feminist approach but many who are exploring the possible ways of being that are distinct from those structured in a world dominated by the power and words of men .
Thus , feminist theories of judging are in the midst of creation and are not and perhaps will never aspire to be as solidified as the established legal doctrines of judging can sometimes appear to be .
That same point can be made with respect to people of color .
No one person , judge or nominee will speak in a female or people of color voice .
I need not remind you that Justice Clarence Thomas represents a part but not the whole of African - American thought on many subjects .
Yet , because I accept the proposition that , as Judge Resnik describes it , " to judge is an exercise of power " and because as , another former law school classmate , Professor Martha Minnow of Harvard Law School , states " there is no objective stance but only a series of perspectives -- no neutrality , no escape from choice in judging , " I further accept that our experiences as women and people of color affect our decisions .
The aspiration to impartiality is just that -- it's an aspiration because it denies the fact that we are by our experiences making different choices than others .
Not all women or people of color , in all or some circumstances or indeed in any particular case or circumstance but enough people of color in enough cases , will make a difference in the process of judging .
The Minnesota Supreme Court has given an example of this .
As reported by Judge Patricia Wald formerly of the D.C. Circuit Court , three women on the Minnesota Court with two men dissenting agreed to grant a protective order against a father 's visitation rights when the father abused his child .
The Judicature Journal has at least two excellent studies on how women on the courts of appeal and state supreme courts have tended to vote more often than their male counterpart to uphold women 's claims in sex discrimination cases and criminal defendants ' claims in search and seizure cases .
As recognized by legal scholars , whatever the reason , not one woman or person of color in any one position but as a group we will have an effect on the development of the law and on judging .
In our private conversations , Judge Cedarbaum has pointed out to me that seminal decisions in race and sex discrimination cases have come from Supreme Courts composed exclusively of white males .
I agree that this is significant but I also choose to emphasize that the people who argued those cases before the Supreme Court which changed the legal landscape ultimately were largely people of color and women .
I recall that Justice Thurgood Marshall , Judge Connie Baker Motley , the first black woman appointed to the federal bench , and others of the NAACP argued Brown v. Board of Education .
Similarly , Justice Ginsburg , with other women attorneys , was instrumental in advocating and convincing the Court that equality of work required equality in terms and conditions of employment .
Whether born from experience or inherent physiological or cultural differences , a possibility I abhor less or discount less than my colleague Judge Cedarbaum , our gender and national origins may and will make a difference in our judging .
Justice O'Connor has often been cited as saying that a wise old man and wise old woman will reach the same conclusion in deciding cases .
I am not so sure Justice O'Connor is the author of that line since Professor Resnik attributes that line to Supreme Court Justice Coyle .
I am also not so sure that I agree with the statement .
First , as Professor Martha Minnow has noted , there can never be a universal definition of wise .
Second , I would hope that a wise Latina woman with the richness of her experiences would more often than not reach a better conclusion than a white male who has n't lived that life .
Let us not forget that wise men like Oliver Wendell Holmes and Justice Cardozo voted on cases which upheld both sex and race discrimination in our society .
Until 1972 , no Supreme Court case ever upheld the claim of a woman in a gender discrimination case .
I , like Professor Carter , believe that we should not be so myopic as to believe that others of different experiences or backgrounds are incapable of understanding the values and needs of people from a different group .
Many are so capable .
As Judge Cedarbaum pointed out to me , nine white men on the Supreme Court in the past have done so on many occasions and on many issues including Brown .
However , to understand takes time and effort , something that not all people are willing to give .
For others , their experiences limit their ability to understand the experiences of others .
Other simply do not care .
Hence , one must accept the proposition that a difference there will be by the presence of women and people of color on the bench .
Personal experiences affect the facts that judges choose to see .
My hope is that I will take the good from my experiences and extrapolate them further into areas with which I am unfamiliar .
I simply do not know exactly what that difference will be in my judging .
But I accept there will be some based on my gender and my Latina heritage .
I also hope that by raising the question today of what difference having more Latinos and Latinas on the bench will make will start your own evaluation .
For people of color and women lawyers , what does and should being an ethnic minority mean in your lawyering ?
For men lawyers , what areas in your experiences and attitudes do you need to work on to make you capable of reaching those great moments of enlightenment which other men in different circumstances have been able to reach .
For all of us , how do change the facts that in every task force study of gender and race bias in the courts , women and people of color , lawyers and judges alike , report in significantly higher percentages than white men that their gender and race has shaped their careers , from hiring , retention to promotion and that a statistically significant number of women and minority lawyers and judges , both alike , have experienced bias in the courtroom ?
Each day on the bench I learn something new about the judicial process and about being a professional Latina woman in a world that sometimes looks at me with suspicion .
I am reminded each day that I render decisions that affect people concretely and that I owe them constant and complete vigilance in checking my assumptions , presumptions and perspectives and ensuring that to the extent that my limited abilities and capabilities permit me , that I reevaluate them and change as circumstances and cases before me requires .
I can and do aspire to be greater than the sum total of my experiences but I accept my limitations .
I willingly accept that we who judge must not deny the differences resulting from experience and heritage but attempt , as the Supreme Court suggests , continuously to judge when those opinions , sympathies and prejudices are appropriate .
There is always a danger embedded in relative morality , but since judging is a series of choices that we must make , that I am forced to make , I hope that I can make them by informing myself on the questions I must not avoid asking and continuously pondering .
We , I mean all of us in this room , must continue individually and in voices united in organizations that have supported this conference , to think about these questions and to figure out how we go about creating the opportunity for there to be more women and people of color on the bench so we can finally have statistically significant numbers to measure the differences we will and are making .
I am delighted to have been here tonight and extend once again my deepest gratitude to all of you for listening and letting me share my reflections on being a Latina voice on the bench .
Thank you .
Located in Istanbul , the highway is known as " e - 5 " is one o..
click to enlarge
There is almost no historical record of Jack Kerouac ’s stay in San Luis Obispo .
The San Luis Obispo Historical Society has no photos of him or his neighborhood haunts .
And there certainly is no plaque in front of his former home to say “ this is where Jack Kerouac slept . ”
It ’s as if he did n’t exist here in 1953 , at what was likely the peak of his creative genius .
But the signs pointing to a San Luis Obispo life — however brief — are all there in his writing : a first - page reference to SLO in The Dharma Bums , shutter - speed descriptions of the city from his Book of Sketches , and his playful notebook , called the Book of Daydreams — San Luis Obispo .
It ’s enough that , fifty years later , one could begin to put the pieces back together ; his neighborhood , in character and architecture , is still there .
The creek where Kerouac used to meditate still flows through town , as does the stream of hobos , who still live along the waterway , as he described them .
Though the names gracing the facades have been painted over with the names of new tenants , it ’s still Kerouac ’s Railroad District .
In the spring of 1953 Kerouac made his way to sleepy San Luis Obispo to work for the Southern Pacific railroad , which had , in March that year , made the switch from steam engines to diesel .
Joseph Stalin had died in March , but the Red Threat continued to menace the Central Coast , via the Telegram Tribune ’s front page , for months afterward .
Among the most debated issues in the county was whether or not to add fluoride to the public water supply to combat tooth decay .
Several community groups sprang up on both sides of the issue , including the Citizens Committee Against Fluoridation , the Citizens Committee for Fluoridation , and the Los Altos Republican Women Against Fluoridation .
Kerouac moved to California and would work as a brakeman , assisting the train conductor on freight runs over the grade between SLO and Santa Margarita .
It was n’t a glamorous existence , and Kerouac would complain in letters that he could n’t smoke “ the holy weed ” of marijuana while he worked .
But in the beginning California and the Central Coast seemed like heaven to him .
By 1953 , Kerouac had completed several trips around the country and to Mexico ; the memories of those trips alone was enough to provide material for several books .
Kerouac was exhausted .
“ I love California more and more , ” Kerouac wrote of SLO in his notebook .
“ If everyone loved it as I do , dear abandoned Jack , they ’d all be here — ”
There were about 16,000 people living in the city then , most of them employed or engaged in agricultural pursuits , primarily ranching .
Kerouac was able to find a room to sleep near his work for just $ 6 a week — cheap even by 1953 standards .
From his post , a stone ’s throw from the railroad , the nights were hushed .
Kerouac wrote to his mother of the quiet bliss ; he wrote of falling asleep to the sound of crickets .
The house was a two - story rectangle occupying a corner lot on Santa Barbara Street .
Its name , either the Colonial Hotel or the Hotel Colonial , was painted across the front , beneath a set of tall windows , and windows lined each side of the house , bringing in the sun .
He did n’t have a private entrance , or even a bath in his room , but there was a sink and a stove where he would cook eggs , toast , steak , and coffee .
The wood floors of the house slanted so that a marble let loose on the northeast side would role to the opposite corner if there were no walls to stop it .
The house is still there , still slanted atop the old foundation .
Back then , the place was run by a woman named Amelia Neustrom .
She was the daughter of Swedish immigrants who had settled in Illinois .
Amelia had been in SLO for 16 years and in 1953 , at 70 years old , her health was deteriorating .
Her husband Emil ran a gas station nearby , and took over management of the hotel after she died that year .
Kerouac was one of probably a dozen boarders living in the house at any time .
He was n’t famous yet , but most of his major works , excluding Big Sur and The Dharma Bums , were completed .
Kerouac had recently rejected an offer to publish his novel Doctor Sax , because he did n’t want it to be torn apart by editors , and while he forewent having his work published , William Burroughs , another famous Beat writer , got a deal for his autobiographical novel , Junky .
The Beats as a group and movement were gaining notoriety , and Kerouac was trying to distance himself from them .
His second wife was also eager to find him , to prove the paternity of her daughter .
Kerouac , however , was n’t trying to be found .
“ ’53 is a great year for Kerouac in the sense that he was at his peak in creative energy and youth , ” Professor Robert Inchausti opined .
Inchausti teaches a class on the Beats — from the word beatific — at Cal Poly .
Between 1951 and March 1953 , according to his notes , Kerouac wrote four novels , including On The Road , Visions of Cody , Doctor Sax — one of his most imaginative books — and Maggie Cassidy , which he completed just weeks before moving to San Luis Obispo .
In the spring he sat in his room upstairs at the Colonial and pondered his next book , his next move .
He focused often on the virtues of poverty and labor , expressed desire to live like a fellah — a farmer or rural person living off the land in the Middle Eastern tradition , as opposed to a nomad , the life with which he eventually became synonymous .
Who was Jack Kerouac ?
Kerouac ’s place in literary history is undecided .
He brought a new style to the literary landscape , often called “ Bop Spontaneous prose . ”
It ’s an approach meant to convey the truth in a particular moment , to hit emotional chords the way Bop Jazz did in the ’40s .
When he wrote , it was of his own and his close friends ’ experiences .
Those experiences included lots of sex , drugs , train - hopping , and car - stealing .
It was a radically different approach to the American novel , and it worked for Kerouac .
On the Road
was supposedly written in just three weeks , on one continuous scroll .
It was his first novel published in the trademark style , and has been translated into 33 languages since then , but still has not been universally embraced .
“ As far as his literary impact , ” Inchausti said , “ it ’s probably been a mixed bag because people try to imitate his style without his sympathy for the world .
He gets confused with the imitators . ”
The author Truman Capote famously dismissed his work , and his marathon style of writing , saying of On the Road , “ That ’s not writing , that ’s typing . ”
And after his fame was established , critics blamed him for every social ill beginning with the degradation of the English language and ending with inspiring juvenile delinquency .
Kerouac rejected the stability of four walls and the security of a regular income at a time when most Americans were reveling in post - war consumer bliss .
His exploits with Neal Cassady in the late ’ 40s and early ’ 50s , fictionalized , glamorized , and published as On the Road in 1957 , inspired a generation of kids in the ’60s to do the same .
“ Kerouac ’s impact on the American psyche is probably immeasurable , ” Inchausti said .
“ The counter culture movement could n’t have existed without him . … ”
click to enlarge
Kerouac wrote Back East to his mother Gabrielle in April , describing his “ great little hotel room , ” his life , and their future together in SLO .
He wrote that he had steady work on the Southern Pacific .
He would have $ 80 by the end of the month and he hoped to save $ 2,000 by December .
He hoped to then bring Gabrielle out to California .
He wanted to buy a trailer that was advertised in the local paper .
“ The best idea I think will be for us to start in a trailer , ” he wrote his mother , “ for about a year , till we get a start …
One thing sure , California is beautiful and ideal and will be our home … ” In almost the same breath , in his writing he described San Luis Obispo as being akin to a “ sanitarium . ”
It does n’t take much of a leap to understand the source of that image : from Kerouac ’s window , across a small park , there is the shell of an old state - run sanitarium .
It ’s a beautiful guesthouse now , with the word “ sanitarium ” printed above the porch .
During this time he was experimenting with what he called word sketches — brief descriptions of things he saw , written in fragments , instead of complete thoughts .
The idea was to sketch an image with words in the same way an artist could sketch the feeling and basic structure , then keep adding details to create a whole image .
Word sketches , in turn , were just a piece of his total writing philosophy .
While Kerouac seemed to be between the feverish writing spurts that would produce two novels that year , his pen was still moving and he wrote little notes to express what he was experiencing in SLO .
Behind big engine 3669
In the bright day ofSan Luis Obispo themtns .
of hope riseup , treed , green , sweet — a rippling palmbehind the pot Steams — the young firemen ofCalif .
waiting tomake the hill up tothe bleakmouth panorama plateau of Margarita wherestars of the night are holy —
The sketches explored his belief that one could express the truth in a situation by writing down the moment as an unbroken , unedited thought .
He expounded on the practice :
Unbroken word sketches
of the subconscious pictures
of sections of the
memory life of an
imbecile genius resting
in the madhouse of his
mind — the word
flow must not be disturbed ,
or picture forgotten for
words ’ sakes , nor the
pictures stretched beyond
their bookmovie strength
except parenthetically .
And :
Work from your own side of literature
& room fetish , not “ publishing ’s ” —
It ’s the Holy Memory
It ’s the dinihowi of
Memory
It ’s fit for dunes &
desert huts & railroad
hotels
Let them pick the story
out of the house of your
words , floor by floor , room
by room
click to enlarge
Across Santa Barbara Street from Kerouac ’s room was the Park Hotel , a flophouse like the Colonial , but with a café and Red ’s Billiards Hall downstairs .
Kerouac was an alcoholic and a devout Catholic who dabbled in Buddhism .
One can almost imagine the wobbly path Kerouac could have worn between the bar , the Mission , and the railroad , stopping off the pathoccasionally to meditate .
In The Dharma Bums , Kerouac describes his meeting with a spiritual hobo on the train between Santa Barbara and SLO .
Dharma was n’t written until many years after Kerouac stayed in SLO , but already he was seeking out the company of bums .
Kerouac wrote a lot in 1953 about living simply and herding goats , but conceded , “ Most of these observations arise from the fact that I ca n’t get a woman anyhow — ‘ too bashful , ’ too ‘ scowling ’ —
” He wrote increasingly of settling on a simple life , of “ celibacy ” — which meant to him giving up trivial things like gum chewing , not sex .
The two life paths before him , as he saw it , were the Fellaheen life of simplicity , or the American life of decadence .
If Kerouac was following his own dharma , the following passage explains a bit about what he eventually chose , and why writing exactly what he felt in the moment was the only truth .
1953 Fellaheen vs. AmericaBe decadent , work in US & Have a Fellaheen Homestead tooAll I want Is love when I want itRest when I want itFood when I want it Drink when I want it Drugs when I want it The rest is bullshitI am now going outto meditate in thegrass of San Luis Creek&
Talk to hobos & Get some sun & worry Where my soul is going &
What to do & whyas ever & ever shit From his window , Kerouac could watch the young girls walking home from school , and he noted the way the cement sparkled , and the way the railroad tracks glistened with dew in the mornings .
Despite what he told his mother about living in SLO , by May Kerouac was restless again .
He hopped a ship out of San Francisco , hopped off at New Orleans and got inspired again .
In the fall he wrote The Subterraneans .
The San Luis Obispo house Kerouac briefly called home was neglected for a long time after that .
Even the weeds died and it was just a box on a dirt corner .
With mattresses on the floor and holes through walls , it became a true flophouse for the very generation Kerouac inspired , and that group renamed the house for the new social / political Establishment .
For a long time in the Railroad District , a lot of people have claimed to live in the house where Kerouac may or may have not stayed .
The rumor , it is said , stemmed from a line in one of Kerouac ’s books , that he spent the night in a “ flophouse ” that was “ a stone ’s throw from the railroad station . ”
All told , those words have been uttered as proof that Kerouac stayed in a half - dozen houses .
A guy name Lee , who used to live above the Alano Club , next door to Café Roma , said it had to be the Alano Club , because that was the only flophouse that was literally a stone ’s throw .
The Park Hotel , before its resurrection in the ’ 80s , was as cheap and seedy as it gets in SLO — a very likely candidate .
For years it all seemed ambiguous whether he laid his head down for just one night in SLO or actually began to take root in the neighborhood ; even the year was seriously debated .
SLO historian Dan Krieger said he had heard a version of the Kerouac rumor before and even knew of a couple of students and one reporter who tried to nail it to the house called the Establishment , but Krieger said he never heard anyone confirm it .
Confirmation came , in the end , from Kerouac ’s words themselves .
So much of Kerouac ’s previously unpublished writing , including letters , the sketches , and personal writing , has been published in the last ten years that the task of tracking his movement has become easier .
Kerouac was a prolific letter writer and he sent off a few with a San Luis Obispo return address : 103 Santa Barbara Street , the Colonial Hotel .
The address , like the hotel , does n’t exist anymore , since the street was moved and the building has changed owners several times .
It ’s 1703 Santa Barbara Street now , the Establishment .
There is a family of sorts living there , and whatever the house was , they say it has evolved into something more .
The neighborhood , however , relatively stable for decades , will soon be “ revitalized , ” with a modern condo complex proposed to be built across the street and an updated Railroad Square being built to proudly welcome visitors into the heart of the city .
The neighborhood could be prosperous again , as it was when commerce from the train dominated the area , but with these changes it ’s hard to know if Kerouac ’s window view of the Santa Lucians will remain intact .
Staff Writer Kylie Mendonca can be reached at kmendonca@newtimesslo.com .
She thanks the SLO Historical Society , especially Pete Kelley , and the SLO Genealogical Society , for their help with this article .
America and France clashed openly yesterday over the proposed United Nations ceasefire plan which is opposed by Lebanon and other Arab states .
US and French teams at the UN headquarters in New York returned to the drawing board to devise a fresh draft resolution , but the mood among diplomats was pessimistic .
One diplomat described the situation in Lebanon as " intractable " and warned that there was no plan B if a resolution could not be thrashed out fast .
The French president , Jacques Chirac , broke from his holiday to deliver an implicit rebuke to Washington .
Mr Chirac warned the Bush administration that an immediate ceasefire was the only solution to the conflict and said giving up on this was " immoral " .
He urged the US to speed up its response to Arab nations ' demands for changes to the ceasefire plan .
" It appears today that the Americans have reservations about adopting this project , but I do n't want to imagine there not being a solution . "
He added : " To accept the present situation and renounce an immediate ceasefire would be the most immoral of solutions . "
The difficulty of finding a diplomatic solution was also underscored when Hassan Nasrallah , the Hizbullah leader , in his first comments on the original UN draft , rejected it .
" The least we can describe this [ draft resolution ] is as unfair and unjust .
It has given Israel more than it wanted and more than it was looking for , " he said .
Diplomats at the UN said that even if the US and France were able to agree a new draft , the security council could not vote on it until tomorrow at the earliest .
The Washington - Paris rift is over the withdrawal of Israeli forces from southern Lebanon .
The US is backing Israel 's position that the proposed deployment of the Lebanese army in the south is insufficient : the Israelis say the Lebanese army is not strong enough to deal with the Hizbullah militia and it needs the support of an international force .
The French team argues that the deployment of the Lebanon force is a good first move and that it would take weeks , or months , to deploy the international force .
The French and US governments have been struggling for more than a week to find a draft resolution that stands a chance of securing a ceasefire .
The US , France and Israel agreed at the weekend on a draft , but underestimated the level of opposition from Lebanon and the Arab states .
Lebanon protested that , under the draft resolution , Israel would be allowed to stay in southern Lebanon for an undefined period and could take " defensive " action against Hizbullah .
Dan Gillerman , Israeli ambassador to the UN , said : " I do not see any bridging of the disagreements ... they had both agreed on a document , [ but ] the French at the moment seem to have had second thoughts , which are so wide apart [ from the US ] that a lot of work will have to be done to turn the document into a viable resolution . "
Israeli diplomats have said they will stop fighting within days of a ceasefire resolution being adopted .
But one Israeli diplomat said the government was happy to see negotiations bogged down because it gave it longer to continue its offensive .
David Welch , the US state department assistant secretary , gave no ground when he visited the Lebanese prime minister , Fouad Siniora , in Beirut yesterday , the first US visit since Condoleezza Rice was told last week in the aftermath of the Qana bombing she would not be welcome in the Lebanese capital .
According to a Lebanese official , Mr Welch told Mr Siniora that Israel would not withdraw until the international force was in place .
Mr Welch also met Nabih Berri , the speaker of the Lebanese parliament who acts as a conduit for Hizbullah .
He said afterwards : " Mr Welch , as I expressed to him , is a skilful embellisher for an ugly resolution and , therefore , I agree with prime minister Siniora by saying that there is no progress until now . "
Hopes at the UN are pinned on a two - stage process , with two UN resolutions - a cessation of hostilities , followed by an international force - on a timescale tight enough to placate both sides .
Britain appeared to playing little role in the negotiations , amid claims at the UN that Tony Blair has angered France and other European nations by taking a strongly pro-Israel line with George Bush in private .
Casualties
Lebanon yesterday
Hizbullah : 3 killed
Civilians : at least 8 killed
To date
Hizbullah : 98 killed ( IDF claim 400 )
Civilians : 1,005 killed
Israel yesterday
Military : None ( Lebanese claim 11 )
Wounded : None reported
To date
Military : 63 killed
Civilians : 35 killed
All figures revised daily and based on Lebanon and Israel government estimates .
