Becoming an OPEC member just recently , Angola is set to build one of the strongest economies in Africa , with its GDP growing over 30 % 15 % annually ( numbers here ) , one of the highest rates in the world .
Hopefully
Oil will be just the trigger of a golden era in a country that possesses other important natural resources .
Some History
To read a not so short History of Angola , click here .
Production
Colin Campbell first assessed Angola in December of 2003 in ASPO 's newsletter 36 .
Back then it was already clear that the Regular Oil cycle was approaching peak ( if not already past it ) .
It was also clear that Deep Water fields were coming strongly on stream promising to more than double the country 's production .
Using 10 Gb for both Regular Oil and Deep Water ultimates , the best estimate was resulting in a total production peak by 2020 just under 2 Mb/d .
Figure 1 - Colin Campbell 's Angola forecast in 2003 .
Click to enlarge .
Acknowledging the difficulty of estimating the Deep Water cycle shape at such an early stage , Colin Campbell put forward three different scenarios .
The first ( A ) modelled the hypothesis of the country using all productive capacity as soon as it became available , the other two ( B and C ) considered a different approach in which the resource would be explored in a slower fashion , extending the economic income in time .
These last two scenarios resulted in later and lower peaks .
Scenario B would be the one chosen for the forecast this time .
Figure 2 - Colin Campbell 's Deep Water scenarios for Angola in 2003 .
Click to enlarge .
Production in Angola would rise steeply , more than doubling from 2003 to 2007 .
Meanwhile , by the end of 2006 it was announced that Angola was joining OPEC .
Without a quota attributed , Colin Campbell would reissue his forecast for Deep Water ( newsletter 73 ) , this time preferring scenario A , and extending the previous ultimate to 12 Gb , allowing for a possible later cycle of discovery .
Figure 3 - Colin Campbell 's Deep Water forecast for Angola in 2007 .
Click to enlarge .
And finally in December of 2007 OPEC announced Angola 's quota : 1.9 Mb/d.
Official reactions were scarce , but at the time , with the country already producing close to that figure , some disappointment was ventilated in the press :
Some oil companies have expressed concern about an OPEC quota potentially putting the brakes on Angola 's rising oil prospects .
[...]
An Angolan oil official recently said his country would be happy with a quota of 2.5 million barrels a day , a figure which industry analysts say would be about 500,000 barrels a day above real output capacity .
But a few months later Syanga Abílio ( Sonangol 's vice - president ) would assure that the country 's policy was in line with the given quota :
" It 's possible to reach that production [ 2 Mb/d ] still this year ... this for sure may occur in the last quarter of this year , "
[...]
" We are doing our best to maintain our plateau of 2 million barrels , probably until 2014 .
Our production profile does indicate normal decline ( after 2014 ) which we will be fulfilling with our exploration programme , "
Also countering Colin Campbell 's later assessment is the fact that new production capacity coming on stream in 2008 , 2009 and 2010 is not enough to fulfil the expected jump from 1.6 Mb/d to 2.7 Mb/d in Deep Water production up to 2010 .
New projects coming on stream listed by the Oil Megaprojects page and the EIA are in the following table .
A chart of Angola 's concessions blocks can be found here ; only blocks 0 and 14 are in Cabinda 's waters .
Table 1 – Oil Megaprojects planned for Angola .
Year Field Peak output ( kb/d ) 2008 Block 4 Gimboa 50 2008 Block 15 Kizomba C ( Mondo ) 100 2008 Block 15 Kizomba C ( Saxi ; Batuque ) 100 2009 Block 0 ( Area A Mafumeira ) 30 2009 Block 14 ( Landana ; Tombua ) 100 2009 Block 14 ( Negage ) 75 2010 Block 17 ( Pazflor ) 200 After 2010 Block 31 NE 130 After 2010 Block 31 SE 130 After 2010 Block 18 W 100 After 2010 Block 15 ( Kizomba D ) 120 Planned Block 17 ( Clov ) 150 Planned Block 32 130
In light of the information gathered here , an alternate forecast for Deep Water Oil is used , more in line with Colin Campbell 's original B scenario , but this time with an ultimate of 12 Gb. Production is forecast to reach 1.5 Mb/d by late 2009 and from there slowly growing to support a total production ( Regular + Deep Water ) of 2 Mb/d .
This plateau is maintained up to 2016 with Deep Water topping 1.6 Mb/d ; at this time depletion sets in at 9 % per annum , a characteristic figure for this kind of reservoirs .
Figure 4 – Angola Oil Production forecast .
Click to enlarge .
It is likely that with rising oil prices countries like Angola start feeling pressure from consuming countries to increase their production .
Hence a quota hike or even an unilateral move to break the 2 Mb/d plateau remain open possibilities .
In such case an earlier peak and unfolding decline are to be expected .
Cabinda
Much of the Regular Oil produced in Angola still comes from Cabinda , and in spite of having just two concession blocks in its sea , it is also from here that the lion share of Angola 's Deep Water production is coming .
Hard figures do n't seem to be available but at least two thirds of Angola 's present oil output are coming from Cabinda .
Cabinda is a short piece of land north of the Congo River , cut of from the main territory in 1885 .
Early in the 1960s several independence groups joined to form FLEC .
In the summer of 1975 FLEC created a provisional government and declared independence from Portugal .
Early in 1976 MPLA ( aided by Cuban troops ) invaded the territory , gaining control of the territory and pushing FLEC to a guerilla war .
FLEC would receive help from UNITA years later , but struggle inside the movement between different idealogical veins would break it apart in several organizations .
In the 1990s with the first peace agreements in Angola 's mainland , it became clear that the independence of Cabinda was n't a priority .
FLEC reorganized , with FLEC - Renovada ( FLEC - Renewed ) congregating the political arm and FLEC - FAC ( FLEC - Cabinda Armed Forces ) the military , that continued the armed actions .
After the death of Jonas Savimbi the Angolan Armed Forces concentrated in Cabinda , dwarfing FLEC 's power .
FLEC turned into kidnapping actions that cost them much of the already dwindling international support .
In 2006 peace was settled between FLEC - Renovada and the MPLA 's government , a move that was n't followed by FLEC - FAC , casting doubts over its legitimacy .
The present situation in Cabinda was assessed by Jeff Vail here .
An example of the current restless felt in the territory happened weeks ago when Isaías Samakuva ( the present leader of UNITA ) visited Cabinda [ portuguese ] .
While discoursing Samakuva referenced peace as a fundamental instrument of development in Angola , the crowd answered claiming “ Cabinda is at war ! ” .
At the moment FLEC - FAC does n't seem to have visible armed power ; actions are sporadic and so far have n't targeted oil facilities .
The heavy military presence of Angolan troops ( that has fostered the nationalist sentiment among civilians ) allied to FLEC - FAC 's international isolation makes it unlikely for a more serious situation to develop ( e.g. similar to that in Nigeria ) .
As seen from the megaprojects list above , Cabinda is loosing its importance in Angola 's oil production .
With elections months way a policy change towards the territory might take place if the political balance in mainland Angola turns more into UNITA 's side .
But in the end it all comes down to social equity , if the Cabindese people come to feel that Oil exploration is bringing them development and its wealth not ending in Luanda 's elites , the situation will likely improve .
Consumption
Angola 's population presently stands at around 17 million and has been growing around 3 % yearly .
According to the UN 's forecast the country is still far from completing its population transition and this growth rate should endure for some decades .
By 2020 the country is forecast to have 24 million people and reach 30 million by 2030 .
Figure 5 – Angola Population forecast , according to UN 's forecast .
Data on Angola 's energy consumption is scarce , the only institution keeping record of it seems to be the EIA .
The country profiles database indicates very low values , which although cannot be cross check with other datasets , should n't be far from the truth .
Figure 6 – Past Angola Oil Consumption per capita .
These are very low numbers , about one fourth of the world 's average in 2006 .
Demand was erratic until 2000 , but with the onset of deep water exploration and the country 's political stabilization , things started to improve .
Although erratic , growth averaged 9 % per annum from 2000 to 2005 , it was almost 10 % in 2006 and about 9 % again in 2007 .
With international companies entering the country 's service sector and economic development reaching other regions outside Luanda , this high rate of growth should continue for some time .
The internal oil demand forecast for Angola is as follows : consumption per capita should continue to grow along present lines , until about 2015 when depletion should start being a concern .
From then onwards consumption growth per capita starts easing , reaching the world average only after 2020 and stabilizing around 6 b / cap / a by 2030 ( a comparable figure with 3.6 b / cap / a today in Namibia and 8.5 b / cap / a in South Africa ) .
Figure 7 – Angola Oil Consumption per capita forecast .
Combining this forecast with UN 's population figures results in a rapid growth of internal demand , topping 200 kb/d before 2020 and approaching 500 kb/d by 2030 .
Figure 8 – Angola Oil Consumption forecast .
How likely is this forecast ?
The main driver of consumption is population growth itself , hence it relies heavily on UN 's figures .
By 2030 this forecast projects Angola almost doubling its population and becoming one of the wealthiest nations of the region , similar to South Africa today .
Such an outcome is indeed possible , Oil is not the only economic activity in Angola , with Diamond extraction and Fisheries already important sectors and Agriculture having considerable potential .
The main issue for the country is how to grow in an equitable fashion , an enduring problem in many oil production nations ( especially in Africa ) .
Above everything else , social inequity could be the determining factor undermining the foundations of this possible growth .
The Macroscopic View
In spite of the strong consumption growth and declining production forecast , Angola remains as a net oil exporter for many years to come , presenting a surplus up to the end of the period considered .
Figure 9 – Angola Oil Exports forecast .
Click to enlarge .
Adding this forecast to the previously assessed countries yields no major changes , except for higher yearly totals .
Peak continues to stand in 2005 , with a gentle decline forming , that by 2011 starts accelerating .
Figure 10 – World Oil Exports as of June 2008 .
Click to enlarge .
Previous numbers of WOE :
WOE [ 00 ]
Introduction
Luís de Sousa
The Oil Drum : Europe
The biggest contribution UK couples can make to combating climate change would be to have only two children or at least have one less than they first intended , argues an editorial published in the British Medical Journal .
Family planning and reproductive health expert Professor John Guillebaud and Dr Pip Hayes , a GP from Exeter , call on UK doctors to break their silence on the links between population , family planning and climate change .
They point to a calculation by the Optimum Population Trust that " each new UK birth will be responsible for 160 times more greenhouse gas emissions … than a new birth in Ethiopia . "
As far back as 1949 The Royal Commission on Population stated " We have no hesitation in recommending … a replacement size of family in Great Britain " and called for a " continuous watch over population trends and their bearing on national policies " .
Yet the UK continues to this day without any defined population policy .
With world population exceeding 6700 million , Guillebaud and Hayes say that humankind 's consumption of fuel , water and food is exceeding supply .
They add that the 79 million annual increase in global population equates , somewhere in the world , to a huge new city for 1.5 million appearing each week .
Providing contraception does not need to be coercive , they argue , asserting strongly that governments do not have to follow the example of India in the 1970s or currently China .
Many countries , including Costa Rica , Sri Lanka and Thailand , have reduced their fertility rates by meeting women 's unmet fertility needs and choices .
The authors claim that with half of pregnancies worldwide being unplanned , no - one needs to be forced to use contraception , what they need is information and access .
The reality is , say the authors , that most women in low resource settings want to be able to plan fewer children than they have , but are prevented from doing so because of many barriers .
These include lack of empowerment and abuse of their rights by husbands , partners , mothers in law , religious authorities or sometimes even contraceptive providers .
The evidence shows that the demand for contraception increases when it is made available and accessible .
Professor Guillebaud and Dr Hayes call on doctors to help eradicate the many myths and non-evidence based medical rules that deny women access to family planning .
Dude , you 're losing ABC ... that 's like FOX - lite .
That 's not going to keep the base motivated .
When even McCain 's Media points out that the Straight Talk Express has derailed , you know you have some problems .
Transcripts below the fold
CHARLIE GIBSON : And with apologies for our technical difficulties , we 're going to turn back to the difficult economy , and the way the presidential candidates are dealing with it , particularly John McCain .
Here 's David Wright .
DAVID WRIGHT : John McCain was against the government bailout of AIG , before he was reluctantly for it .
Here he was yesterday on " Today . "
JOHN MCCAIN : We cannot bail AIG or anybody else .
We have to work through it .
WRIGHT : Asked about the same topic today on " Good Morning America " -
MCCAIN : I do n't think anybody I know wanted to do that .
But there are literally millions of people whose retirement , whose investments , whose insurance were at risk here .
And they were going to have their lives destroyed .
WRIGHT : Senator McCain appears to have changed his tune on regulation in a fundamental way .
Today on the stump , he 's a champion of reigning in Wall Street with tough regulations .
MCCAIN : We 're going to put an end to the reckless conduct , corruption and greed that have caused a crisis on Wall Street .
WRIGHT : But for more than 25 years in the Senate , McCain has fashioned himself as a champion of smaller government , less regulation .
MCCAIN : I am less government , less regulation , lower taxes , et cetera .
WRIGHT : In the mid 1990s , he supported a measure to ban all new government regulations .
McCain supported legislation a decade ago that broke down the firewalls between commercial and investment banks and insurance companies -- the very rules companies like AIG exploited to get in the current mess .
And as recently as March of this year , after the collapse of Bear Stearns , McCain was all for deregulating Wall Street .
MCCAIN : Our financial market approach should include encouraging increased capital in financial institutions by removing regulatory , accounting and tax impediments to raising capital .
GEORGE WILL :
When the deregulation was the wave through Washington , he surfed that wave .
Now it 's not , and the populist inside John McCain is out .
WRIGHT : Today , the Wall Street Journal accused McCain of selling out his free market ideals .
Said today 's top editorial -- " denouncing greed and Wall Street , is n't a growth agenda , "
WILL : It 's a conversion of convenience , some will say .
The great heave forward ...
Chinese passengers are forced to get out and push their broken passenger plane
Anyone who has ever used budget airlines know only too well how uncomfortable it can be : long queues , cramped seats and every tiny extra costs you .
But at least they are never told to get out and help push their plane .
That is exactly what happened to a group of passengers in China who were asked to get out and push after their plane broke down shortly after landing .
All together now : Passengers join airport staff to move the jet off the runway at Zhengzhou Airport
The Chinese Shandong airlines flight CRJ7 arrived safely at Zhengzhou from Guilin , but broke down before it could taxi to the passenger terminal .
Airport staff were called out to help push , but they had to ask some of the 69 passengers on board to help because the plane would not budge .
It took the group nearly two hours to shove the plane half a mile to a side lane .
One of the airport workers said : ' Thank God it was only a 20 - ton medium - sized aeroplane .
If it were a big plane , it would have knocked us out . '
The plane remained parked in the side lane on Friday night , waiting for technicians arriving on the next flight to fix the problem .
Twenty - five people with albinism have been murdered in Tanzania since March , a BBC investigation has found .
Albinos are targeted for body parts that are used in witchcraft , and killings continue despite government efforts to stamp out the grisly practice , the BBC's Karen Allen says .
Winifrida Rutahiro ( 2nd left ) says she is now scared even to leave her house
Once , albinos used to seek shelter from the sun .
Now they have gone into hiding simply to survive , after a series of killings linked to witchcraft .
In Tanzania , 25 albinos have been killed in the past year .
The latest victim was a seven - month - old baby .
He was mutilated on the orders of a witchdoctor peddling the belief that potions made from an albino 's legs , hair , hands , and blood can make a person rich .
Sorcery and the occult maintain a strong foothold in this part of the world , especially in the remote rural areas around the fishing and mining regions of Mwanza , on the shores of Lake Victoria .
Nobody seems to know why the killings are happening now , but Tanzanian President Jakaya Kikwete is now putting pressure on the police to identify where albinos live and offer them protection .
This is not an easy task when BBC investigations suggest that some police are being " bought off " in order to look away when such appalling crimes are committed .
' We want your legs '
The last adult albino to be murdered - just a few weeks ago - was Nyerere Rutahiro .
Nyerere Rutahiro's body was laid to rest in a cement - sealed grave
He was eating dinner outside in his modest rural compound , when a gang of four strangers burst in , and threatened to arrest him .
As his wife Susannah looked on helplessly , the men began to hack at Nyerere 's arms and legs with machetes .
" We want your legs , " they shouted , " We want your legs , " his wife recalls , still deeply traumatised by what she saw .
Nyerere was clearly being targeted for being albino - but in every other respect he was an accepted part of his community .
A father of two in his 50s , farming cassava - just like everybody else .
His body was laid to rest in a cement - sealed grave to protect against grave robbers who often steal body parts of the dead to give to witchdoctors .
A builder had been hired to do the job .
Looking on as the funeral came to a close , is Nyerere 's sister Winifrida .
She too is albino .
Terrified , she pulls her six year - old - son closer to her .
Though he is black ( the gene that causes albinism is a recessive gene ) , he too is vulnerable .
It is all too clear what is going through Winifrida 's mind .
Will they come for her next ?
Squinting her pale eyes against the midday sun , Winifrida whispers in a barely audible voice : " Please , ask the government to take me away from here , I dare not come out of the house since my brother was killed . "
BBC investigation
This is the work of organised gangs , according to Tanzanian police in the commercial capital Dar es Salaam .
When Amina was born my husband and the older two children moved away .
They were so ashamed and thought Amina would bring us bad luck ... but I am not leaving her
Ashura , mother of nine - year - old albino Amina Have Your Say
Witchdoctors , middlemen and the clients who pay for albino body parts are among the 173 people in custody so far for these macabre killings .
None has been prosecuted .
The BBC sought to investigate how sorcerers ' tales of albinos are being channelled into gruesome crimes .
An intermediary posing as a " client " with mining and fishing interests seeking to get rich quick , visited a prominent witchdoctor on our behalf at dusk .
They were told that albino body parts could be obtained without difficulty , for a price .
The police are now investigating these claims .
Since then , a seven - month - old albino baby was killed nearby .
Ostracised
The sad reality is that albinos who can afford it , are now flocking to urban centres where they feel a little more safe .
And nowhere is it considered more safe than at the Ocean Cancer Institute in Dar es Salaam - where so many of them come to get treatment for the skin and eye conditions that albinos often fall prey to .
Away from the wards , under the shade of a mango tree , a black woman sits with her albino daughter .
Ashura and Amina , her angelic looking nine - year - old .
They may seem an odd couple at first , but the firm eyes of the mother reveals a woman deeply protective of her child .
She is a woman who looks older than her years .
Ashura and Amina now live on their own , ostracised by the rest of their family .
" When Amina was born my husband and the older two children moved away , " recounts Ashura .
" They were so ashamed and thought Amina would bring us bad luck ... but I am not leaving her ... she 's my daughter . "
Every parent nurturing an albino child has good reason to be frightened in today 's Tanzania .
The stories of youngsters being snatched from their parents ' arms or attacked on the way to school are - quite frankly - horrific .
Albino MP
Albinism affects one in 20,000 people worldwide , but in Tanzania the prevalence appears to be much higher .
Al - Shymaa Kway - Geer ( right ) is a former airline clerk The Albino Association of Tanzania says that although just 4,000 albinos are officially registered in the country , they believe the actual number could be as high as 173,000 .
A census is now under way to try to verify the figures .
Demonised by the ignorant , prized by the superstitious , albinos are now getting organised in urban centres - putting their trust in Tanzania 's first albino MP .
Al - Shymaa Kway - Geer is an impressive woman , who was nominated by the Tanzanian president to give the albino community a voice .
Not only is she trying to lobby for subsidies to assist her community for the medical treatment they invariably need as a result of their albinism , but she aims to lead by example .
" When I used to go out , people called me zeru zeru ( the derogatory term for albino ) .
They used to chase me , follow me , but now I am someone , they call me honourable , the term we use for politicians , " Mrs Kway - Geer says .
Understandably , she is distressed and baffled by the recent spate of albino killings which do not appear to be replicated among Tanzania 's neighbours .
But she hopes that by standing up and being counted as possibly the world 's first albino lawmaker , the rest of Tanzanian society will start to care .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
SAN FRANCISCO ( Reuters ) - Amazon.com , the largest global online retailer , plans to start selling U.S. - produced wine on its website within the United States by early October , wine industry insiders said on Wednesday .
Bottles of wine are seen in St Helena , California , June 7 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Mary Milliken
Napa Valley Vintners , a nonprofit group representing 315 vintners in the famous California wine - producing region , has already begun to set up workshops for wineries interested in selling through the retail giant , said Terry Hall , communications director for the group .
“ They have been working for a while on this wine project .
Now they are signing up the wineries , ” Hall told Reuters .
“ They ’re fast - tracking it right now . ”
An Amazon spokeswoman declined to comment .
Seattle - based Amazon is looking to sell wine in approximately 26 states and wine sold on its site will come from all regions of the country , Hall said .
Annual wine consumption in the United States has grown for the last 14 years as wine has gradually shed its image as an exclusive beverage for the well - heeled .
Today , many enthusiasts are coming from all parts of the country and younger Americans are turning to wine - drinking as an alternative to beer .
Total U.S. wine sales were between $ 30 billion and $ 32 billion in 2007 , according to Barbara Insel , president of Stonebridge Research Group , a research firm for the wine industry .
Some $ 2.8 billion is sold through retail formats like wine clubs , tasting rooms and the like , with only 7 percent of that coming from E - commerce , partly due to the expense of shipping wine , and confusing states rules on wine shipments , Insel said .
To avoid the confusing legal issues over the interstate sale of wine that vary from state to state , Amazon will be working with New Vine Logistics , a Napa , California - based company dealing in wine fulfillment that can deliver to up to 45 states .
“ Amazon is outsourcing to New Vine the logistics of its wine direct business to make sure it ’s being done properly and legally , ” Insel said .
Confusion over online wine sales have continued despite a 2005 U.S. Supreme Court decision that ruled states could not discriminate against out - of - state wineries .
A group called “ Free the Grapes ” has been working to streamline legislation and open new states to direct - to - consumer wine shipping .
Amazon , which sells everything from vacuum cleaners and cars to electronics and bulk foods on its site , continues to expand into new categories , vowing to become a one - stop shop for consumers .
Hall said wine purchases on Amazon would even qualify for its discount shipping program , Amazon Prime , in which goods are shipped free for a yearly fee of $ 79 .
Industry insiders said Amazon ’s entry into the wine market would be a good counterpoint to the shrinking pool of distributors amid consolidation in their industry .
“ The good news is it ( Amazon selling wine ) puts some big muscle behind direct - to - consumer so consumers of wine should benefit , ” Hall said .
Moreover , wine ’s appeal to consumers with money to spend also benefits Amazon , Insel said , as wine “ enhances their product offering for a very attractive group of consumers . ”
“ The step forward with Amazon being a wine retailer is just more testament to the fact that Americans are really becoming a wine drinking economy , ” Hall said .
They look like something out of Star Trek , and they might well land in a classroom near you .
They 're school desks , but not as you know them , say their Durham University designers .
The interactive multi - touch desks look and act like a large version of an Apple iPhone .
" The new desk can be both a screen and a keyboard .
It can act like a multi - touch whiteboard and several students can use it at once , " said Dr Liz Burd , who led the university 's Technology - Enhanced Learning ( TEL ) group that developed them .
" It offers fantastic scope for participatory teaching and learning , " she said .
The desks , which are networked and linked to a teachers ' console , recognise multiple touches on the desktop , using infrared light .
Several students will be able to work together , as the desks allow simultaneous screen contact using fingers or pens .
" You could have 100 sticky fingers and it would work fine , " Burd explained .
" One possibility is allowing students to define their own space with an icon or avatar that would say ' this is my desk ' , then sweep that away and save it to go into collaborative mode . "
The researchers wanted to create a " natural way " for students to use computers in class .
The system encourages collaboration between students and teachers , and moves away from learning centred on the teacher .
" Our system is very similar to the type of interface shown as a vision of the future in the TV series Star Trek . "
Adam Greenhill , seven , from Our Lady Queen of Martyrs  School , County Durham , tries the new interactive multi- touch desk
The system of interactive classrooms , SynergyNet , will boost equal access in schools , Burd claimed .
" In IT , we have found that males have been the dominant actors .
Interactive classrooms will encourage more females to take part in lessons .
" It will also enable more disabled students to participate in lessons and allow personalised learning . "
Burd , who is director of active learning in computing at Durham , said she hoped that within 10 years every school desk would be interactive .
The expense is prohibitive now because each desk is tailor made and costs £ 8,000 , but researchers hope when it goes into general manufacture the price will be around £ 1,000 .
The interactive desks can be used either as a screen or a keyboard .
Students can use them either as an individual work space or as a large collaborative screen , enabling a group to cooperate on a task .
Teachers will have a console allowing them to set work and monitor what each student is doing .
Numeracy tasks could include exercises where pupils have to split a restaurant bill by sliding visual representations of money into a group space .
Teachers will be able to display examples of good work on the main smart whiteboard , while tasks could also be set for individual desks .
" Teachers will be able to look at what 's going on at every screen , see whether pupils are having problems and provide support as needed or stand back and not interfere where it's not , " Burd said .
The software will be used to link everything together in a fully interactive classroom system of desks and smartboards .
After testing the system with students of all ages , the software will be available to schools for free .
The TEL research study is the largest of its kind looking at multi- touch interactive systems for education .
Durham 's researchers have £ 1.5 m to design the system and software , and test it with students from primary and secondary schools , and university students over the next four years .
Dr Andrew Hatch , from TEL , said : " It changes the move - to - use principle : the computer becomes part of the desk .
It 's a practical change that will provide a creative interface for lifelong learning for all students . "
World of Warcraft® Starter Edition
Become a defender of Azeroth and play FREE today up to level 20 !
Experience multiple classes and races and discover the hero that ’s right for you .
President Bush “ made explicit the goal of maintaining U.S. military superiority over any other nation or group of potential adversaries . ”
The pursuit of permanent military supremacy has been an ongoing objective of the current White House .
Coupled with the country ’s economic strength , the generally accepted view was that American hegemony was assured for the foreseeable future .
In 2008 , Russian troops occupied undisputed Georgian territory , destroyed the Georgian army and its hardware , sunk ships and brought the country to its knees .
And what has been the US reactions ?
Messages of support for Georgia and condemnation of Russian action .
President Bush signalled that the break - up of Georgia or the loss of its sovereignty was unacceptable to the US .
Washington would seek to preserve “ a sovereign , free Georgia and its territorial integrity ” .
Russia has now recognised the independence of South Ossetia and Abkhazia .
The Asian scene is a litany of failures .
Iraq is an ongoing débacle ; there is no end in sight in Afghanistan ; the Pakistani illusion is drawing to a close ; there is a clear impression that the West is being teased in Iran with little to show in return ; scant progress is being made in North Korea , none in Myanmar nor Sudan .
How did this happen ?
Because the US forfeited its moral leadership and respect , thanks to the neocon ’s vision of the world , beginning with the disastrous invasion of Iraq and continuing with the pursuit of unrealistic goals ( eg democracy in the Middle East ) by the wrong means ( imposition from the outside ) .
“ Any failure traceable to arrogance or our lack of comprehension … would inflict upon us a grievous hurt , both at home and abroad ” , said President Eisenhower in his farewell address ( see post of 23 August ) .
Another history lesson ignored !
We are witnessing the result of the bankruptcy of the GW Bush foreign policy era .
Needless to say , European leaders sat on their hands most of the time , and have still failed to step into this leadership vacuum , a development which would be welcome in several parts of the world .
We are all quick to criticise American leadership , but , on many occasions , nothing would have happened without it .
Author : Stanley Crossick
Latest articles
All of the latest What Car ? stories , including group tests comparing new models with their rivals , round - ups of our best buys and deals , and long - term tests where we see what different cars are really like to live with
Roses ( genus Rosa ) encompass over 100 known species .
Cultivated for their fragrance and beauty , roses historically have been the center of much praise .
Poets have dedicated odes to their beauty , they have been desired by centuries of gardeners and are one of the most universal symbols , often representing love and life .
As the phrase goes , sometimes you do have to " stop and smell the roses . "
Although you may think that this is just a fancy way of saying take some time to enjoy life , perhaps we have dismissed roses for too long .
Seriously , you should pay more attention to those roses .
They could greatly improve your life .
That is , if you are one of the millions of people in the US who suffer from arthritis diseases such as osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis .
Results from two different arthritis studies have confirmed that an active ingredient of rose hips has been shown to protect and possibly rebuild joint tissue broken down by arthritis .
The latest results , presented at the osteoarthritis Research Society International ( ORSI ) World Conference in Rome , explained the mechanism of protein GOPO ( R ) found in rose hips .
This extract , has demonstrated the ability to protect vulnerable cartilage and possibly stimulate its regeneration .
GOPO (R ) has also been shown to improve mood , increased energy and sleep quality of those affected by arthritis .
Conditions such as osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis cause a breakdown of vital cartilage in joints .
According to the Arthritis Foundation , there are 27 million people in the US living with osteoarthritis in the US and 1.3 million people affected by rheumatoid arthritis .
Marked by stiffness , swelling , loss of flexibly and pain , arthritis can significantly deter one from a normal life .
There is no clear cause for arthritis although a number of risk factors have been identified including genetics , obesity and age .
These conditions worsen over time as there is no cure for arthritis .
Treatment includes either steroidal or non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and / or pain killers and can be daunting for one who does n’t wish to resign themselves to a lifetime regimen of Advil and Vicoden .
Alternatives such as GOPO ( R ) from rose hips may prove to be a better solution for joint swelling and pain without the side effects of large doses of pain killers , steroids or other anti-inflammatory medications .
At the forefront of the ORSI World Conference were the results of two studies demonstrating the benefits of GOPO ( R ) .
The first study examined the effects of rose hip powder on cartilage cells ( chrondrocytes ) responsible for building cartilage in the joints .
The study found that GOPO ( R ) deactivated genes responsible for certain protein and enzymatic triggers of joint destruction by an inflammation reaction by the body .
It was also seen to switch on genes which help produce collagen and cartilage , which is a key to joint repair .
This study also saw that rose hip powder was able to inhibit the production of inflammatory mediators such as nitric oxide ( NO ) and prostaglandin E2 ( PGE2 ) .
The second study focused on rose hip powder effects on the immune system of horses , which are prone to developing OA early in life .
The study found that horses given GOPO ( R ) acted as an anti-inflammatory agent and was a factor in the significantly increased exercise performance compared with untreated groups .
Researcher and investigator Dr. Kaj Winther , of the Frederiksberg Hospital , University of Copenhagen , Denmark believes that rose hips may hold the key to a natural anti-inflammatory agent that can alleviate degeneration of joint material .
" We have little doubt that certain rose hip preparations , and GOPO ( R ) in particular , have had an important role to play in reducing the pain and disability associated with some joint conditions , " said Winther .
" The results of these new studies suggest that the primary mechanism of action of rose hips is to reduced inflammation and protect joint tissue from damaging substances produced by an over - active immune system . "
With the aid of this new research , those affected by joint pain caused by arthritis could opt for an alternative treatment than stressors such as pain killers , steroids or other anti-inflammatory medication .
" We …suspect that more people will be turning to the power of rose - hip for joint pain relief , " said Winther .
Sorry Shakespeare , but in this case , no other rose could smell as sweet .
Erin Richards blogs for Scientific Blogging .
Pakistan has reached a watershed moment in its short history .
For the first time in its six decades of existence , formal proceedings are in train to remove a sitting military head of state .
In some respects , recent events reflect past experiences .
The Pakistan supreme court has previously declared the Yahya Khan and Zia ul - Haq dictatorships illegal .
On both occasions , however , the decisions occurred after the two men had relinquished power .
The current decision to impeach Musharraf , should he fail a vote of confidence in the national assembly , is somewhat unprecedented .
It is a shot in the arm for the rule of law in Pakistan .
At the same time as impeachment has been mooted in Pakistan , another , largely ignored one is being considered in the United States .
Last month former presidential nominee , Dennis Kucinich , brought proceedings to impeach George Bush for orchestrating the invasion of Iraq .
The Senate judiciary committee hearing his petition ( pdf ) did not allow Kucinich to use the ' I ' word , however , and the hearing is symbolic at best .
But there remains an underlying logic to impeachment .
Richard Nixon was almost impeached for clandestinely seeking to undermine his Democratic opponents ( he resigned before he could be chucked out ) and Bill Clinton was impeached for failing to disclose his sexual relations with Monica Lewinsky ( the House of Representatives impeached him , but the Senate acquitted him , and he was n't subsequently removed from office ) .
It is therefore reasonable to query why impeachment proceedings against George Bush have only been countenanced so hesitantly and only now .
Even at this juncture there is little support for the impeachment of George Bush from the Democrats or the media .
It 's interesting to compare the impeachment efforts in Pakistan and the US , given their stark contrasts .
Pakistan is a desperately poor , lower - tier power mired in years of corruption and a recent upsurge in violence instigated in part by elements of its own military intelligence .
The US , in comparison , is the wealthiest , most powerful nation on the planet .
Yet it too has been mired in political corruption and economic scandals .
In their own ways , the countries share an alarming addiction to military corporatism .
Both Pakistan under Musharraf and the US under Bush favour military solutions to political problems .
Nancy Pelosi , Democratic speaker of the house , opposes impeachment because " it would be divisive for the country " .
But , " if somebody had a crime that the president had committed , " she mentioned flippantly on American television recently , " that would be a different story . "
Presumably the jury is out on Iraq until photos of Bush doing the thumbs - up at Abu Ghraib are unearthed .
Barack Obama has decided to steer clear of the issue entirely .
His stand could be excused on account of immediate political expediency .
In one sense , he has very little to gain from supporting impeachment .
John McCain would get free ammunition to line up Obama for the standard unpatriotic Democrat rhetoric .
Of course , all of this raises the question of what precisely politicians are meant to be doing if they always dodge politically risky issues .
Just prior to gaining control of Congress in 2006 , the Democrats raced to quash rumours that they would seek to impeach Bush .
Pelosi argued , credibly , that such moves would only act as fodder for Republicans seeking to avoid likely defeat .
" Making them lame ducks is good enough for me , " Pelosi told the 60 Minutes programme .
She repeated this argument in Time only last week .
Sadly , impeachment proceedings did not start after the Democratic takeover of Congress in 2006 .
What followed was a lame duck Democratic party consistently voting to support America 's continued occupation of Iraq .
It was left instead to Dennis Kucinich , the maverick congressman from Ohio , to launch independent proceedings against Bush and Dick Cheney .
His efforts have been joined by a number of citizen activists that includes the man who prosecuted Charles Manson .
Since its election victory in February , Pakistan 's coalition government has been chided by western observers for dithering in the face of a resurgent Taliban movement .
It is true that the government 's two major powerbrokers , Asif Zardari and Nawaz Sharif , have largely been more interested in turf wars than mounting a consistent policy platform .
And yes , the impeachment proceedings are politically motivated .
Ordinary Pakistanis are hurting as the cost of fuel and basic foodstuffs increases at an alarming rate ( by a whopping 32 % ( pdf ) in July alone ) .
The coalition government has been blaming Musharraf for these ills .
Impeachment gives Sharif and Zardari further ammunition to stave off an electorate with little faith in them .
But for whatever reasons , Pakistan 's politicians have taken a calculated risk .
If they fail it will only serve to validate Musharraf .
That they decided to proceed regardless is something to celebrate .
Democracies , let alone coalition governments in a country as volatile as Pakistan , are complex animals .
The impeachment proceedings against Musharraf are proof that Pakistan 's politicians can occasionally rise above their nation 's traumas to seek accountability for a dictator who has been consistently supported by the west .
This article was amended at 12:40 on Friday August 8
By the time the sun began to rise one recent Friday over his Mira Mesa neighborhood , Mitch Hood had been up for about 18 hours .
He punched a caffeine tablet out of a blister pack and washed it down with two cans of Red Bull .
He finished it off with a gulp of Pepsi .
He figured this would keep him awake four more hours .
Then , he jumped back into his video game .
Hood , 25 , spent two tours with the Marines in Iraq .
Now , like many other veterans and millions of civilians , he faces a new enemy : sleep .
Advertisement
“ I ’m afraid I ’m going to have nightmares and I ’m going to get stuck there , ” he said .
“ I try with all my strength not to sleep . ”
When he eventually crashes and sleep overtakes him , Hood relives combat , or sometimes his mind creates new horror - filled scenarios .
Once , he punched his fiancee , Natalya Gibson , while having a nightmare .
She insisted it did n’t hurt , but Hood has not stopped apologizing .
Sleep and wakefulness issues were the most common health problems described by recently returned soldiers , researchers at Walter Reed Army Medical Center found in a study published last year .
About 36 % of Army troops who have been back from Iraq for a year said they struggled nearly every day with feeling tired .
About 34 % said they had difficulty falling asleep , staying asleep or sleeping too much nearly every day .
About one - third of the total U.S. adult population report sleep problems , but studies have shown that such problems are much more common in combat veterans than in other young adults , said Steve Woodward , a sleep expert at the Department of Veterans Affairs center on post - traumatic stress disorder .
About 70 % of veterans being treated for the disorder have sleep problems , he said .
Advertisement
Sleep is a vulnerable state , Woodward said .
“ When animals are exposed to a severe threat . . . the basic adaptation is to wake up more frequently , ” he said .
Bill Rider , a 63 - year - old Vietnam veteran , knows the signs .
He ’s seen Hood and others like him in group meetings he helps organize in Oceanside for combat veterans of different generations .
Some veterans have told him of how they long for sleep , bingeing on alcohol for sedation .
Others , like Hood , fear it .
Rider has seen veterans stay up for 72 hours and work themselves into a delirious , manic state .
“ I gave up my tranquillity , as many of the other warriors did , so the rest of America can have theirs , ” he said .
Advertisement
Thinking about Hood , he said , “ That was me 30 years ago . ”
--
During his tours in Iraq in 2003 and 2004 , Hood dug trenches and hauled 100 - pound cables as a field wireman in Marine Wing Communications Squadron 38 out of Marine Corps Air Station Miramar .
The pressure was always on during those assignments , he said , because the communication lines were essential for airstrikes and medical evacuations .
There were days when “ I ’d be lucky to get four hours of sleep , ” said Hood , who still wears his dog tags and has a Grim Reaper tattoo .
“ It got to the point where we had to choose between bathing ourselves and sleep , between sleeping or eating . ”
Advertisement
During his first tour , he was worried about a chemical attack .
On the second , he was always scanning for roadside bombs .
In 2004 , Hood returned to San Diego from Iraq and left the Marines two years later with an honorable discharge .
He is now an online student , studying computer science .
A few months ago , he found out he had a herniated spinal disc and sciatica , forcing him to use a cane .
Hood thinks the pain probably makes his sleep less restful , but the main problems are the terrifying dreams that begin almost immediately after he closes his eyes .
A doctor has prescribed a low - dose antidepressant called trazodone , which has a sedative effect .
“ I use it here and there , ” Hood said .
But “ it basically sticks me in an eight - hour nightmare fest , so that ’s not a solution for me . ”
Doctors know it can also be risky to prescribe sleeping pills to veterans with post - traumatic stress disorder because up to 60 % of them struggle with substance abuse , said Dr. Tasha Souter , medical director of the Trauma Recovery Program at the VA Palo Alto Health Care System .
Some doctors have had some good results prescribing Ambien , which is less addictive , and the hypertension drug prazosin , which can reduce nightmares .
Advertisement
But there is no panacea .
“ Sleep problems are one of the most difficult symptoms of PTSD to treat , ” Souter said .
“ It ’s not uncommon for veteran patients to have 20 , 30 years of difficulty sleeping . ”
When Hood first came back to Miramar , he did n’t notice his sleep problems .
“ We ’d party until 2 a.m. , stay up until 4 and then get up for reveille at 5:30 , ” he said .
Once they started cutting back on the partying , “ we were in the barracks staring at the wall because we could n’t sleep . ”
In time , he tried to avoid sleep , like this recent Friday .
This period of wakefulness began the day before , when he rose at noon Thursday after about three hours of bad sleep .
He dreamed he was in the middle of a chemical attack and awoke wondering why he was n’t wearing his chemical suit .
It took a few minutes of looking around the bedroom and hearing Gibson ’s voice to bring him back .
Advertisement
The dream was veined with the fear he felt during one incident in Iraq .
Sirens went off indicating a possible chemical attack .
Hood could n’t make it back to the bunker , so he lay face - down in a gutter .
He could n’t get his gas mask to seal .
Twenty minutes later , the all - clear siren finally sounded .
He was trying to banish the chemical attack nightmare from his thoughts when he showed up at the 7 p.m. weekly meeting of the American Combat Veterans of War in Oceanside .
As members of the group went around the conference table describing various work and medical issues , Rider , the Vietnam veteran , looked over at Hood .
“ You look great , by the way , ” Rider said .
“ Do you feel better ? ”
Hood wondered whether it was his new haircut .
No , he told Rider .
“ No , not really . ”
Ray Metcalf , a 74 - year - old Korean War veteran with a Santa Claus beard , approached Hood and another young Iraq
War veteran during a smoke break and asked , “ Do you have bad dreams ? ”
Advertisement
As the young men nodded , Metcalf recounted a nightmare he had a few weeks ago about getting shot down in a helicopter in Korea .
Metcalf told them he read in a booklet on post - traumatic stress disorder that it ’s best to get out of bed if you ca n’t sleep .
He recommended going into the living room to watch a movie .
Hood listened intently .
“ Sleep deprivation . . . is an ongoing discussion , ” said Rider , who helped found the combat group in 2001 .
Rider , who wears a Vietnam campaign medal and a Buddha on a chain around his neck to symbolize war and peace , has seen doctors to deal with his combat trauma and sleep issues .
He has prescriptions for anti-anxiety medications and sleeping pills .
Advertisement
But still , even 40 years after Vietnam , he usually wakes up every two or three hours .
Sometimes he thinks he hears a noise outside his house in a well - to - do San Diego suburb .
Sometimes he has a nightmare .
The nightmares tend to center on April 16 , 1968 , when he was ordered to take Hill 689 outside Khe Sanh .
“ The repeating sequence is always about particular people killed in front of me , in my squad , ” he said .
“ It ’s just as troubling in the dream as when it happened in reality . ”
When he wakes up , he has to go around the house , checking the windows .
Sometimes he goes out to the front gate to make sure it ’s locked .
“ I understand it ’s not a rational thing to do , ” Rider said .
“ Nonetheless the imprinting just becomes too much .
You have to get up and take a look . ”
Advertisement
But Rider says his sleep has improved in recent years because working with other veterans has helped his mind grapple with the trauma .
His dreams were once lifelike , but now “ some quirky thing ” appears in his dreams , such as an out - of - place character , which shows him the dream is not real .
“ I think there might be some tranquillity waiting for me , ” he said .
Rider knows that Hood ’s strategy is n’t going to work .
Avoiding sleep makes the nightmares more horrific , thinking more difficult and anger more difficult to control .
“ If you avoid sleep , it only gets worse , ” Rider said quietly .
--
Advertisement
Hood left the veterans meeting about 9 p.m. and drove back to the house he rents with Gibson .
He took a shower and then they went to rent some DVDs .
They spent a few hours talking about an argument they had earlier in the day about the care he was receiving from the Department of Veterans Affairs .
About 1:30 a.m. , a migraine that had been building finally forced Hood to lie down with a pillow over his head .
He did n’t think he fell asleep , but Gibson heard him mumbling incoherently .
He was up again after 10 minutes .
By now the other houses in the neighborhood were dark , but light seeped through the closed blinds in Hood and Gibson ’s living room .
He spoke softly and more slowly than he had at the veterans meeting , but he was still fairly alert .
About 5 a.m. Hood and Gibson looked over their DVD choices .
Hood was hoping he could tire out his mind so he would not have nightmares when he finally crashed .
They settled on the science fiction movie “ Jumper . ”
Advertisement
“ Was there something I wanted to get ? ” he said suddenly .
“ Medicine ? ” Gibson offered .
“ Yeah , but that ’s not what it was , ” Hood said , his face screwed up in frustration .
She clicked the remote control , and the 55 - inch flat - screen television filled with images of World War II as one of the previews came on .
The men were in uniform , carrying guns , heading inexorably to some wintry battle .
Advertisement
Hood covered his face with both hands .
Gibson hit fast forward on the remote .
He peeled his hands away from his face a few minutes later as the opening scenes of “ Jumper ” began .
He picked at a slice of chocolate cake on his lap and began playing a computer game in which he tried to take over spaceships .
About 5:30 a.m. , Hood was starting to fade .
When he took a break from the game to focus on the movie , his eyelids closed for nearly a minute .
He quickly blinked them open .
A few minutes later , his eyelids dropped again .
About 6 a.m. , he took a smoke break and walked back into the living room triumphantly .
“ This is what I was looking for : caffeine tablets ! ”
Advertisement
He chugged the tablet and Red Bulls .
Gibson was struggling to keep up with Hood .
He stroked her hair and told her he did n’t mind if she went to sleep .
She crawled into bed at 6:10 a.m .
Hood stayed in the living room and started another video game .
He began shooting down planes over a snowy mountain landscape .
“ Nice kill , ” a voice in the game said .
At 6:50 a.m. , he popped a second caffeine pill and washed it down with Pepsi .
As he stood outside smoking again , he started to think about one of the most horrifying incidents of his second tour .
Advertisement
He closed his eyes as he talked about the time he was on a convoy and a roadside bomb blew up a Humvee in front of him .
His buddy , a turret gunner , died in the blast .
The convoy stopped , but another improvised explosive device was found behind them .
A civilian bus drove over the bomb before it could be disposed of .
--
In one recurring dream , he said , “ I ’m up there with my buddy .
I pull him out of the Humvee .
The medevac helicopter is on top of a hill .
I ’m carrying him .
He keeps getting heavier and heavier and sinking into the ground and I drag him .
Gravity is increasing .
I ca n’t get him to the chopper . ”
Advertisement
He paused , lost in thought .
The rumble of morning traffic hung in the air .
“ That ’s a stupid dream . ”
Hood said talking to the other soldiers about sleep problems has “ really taken a load off my shoulders to know I ’m not the only one . ”
But he is n’t sure how to apply their advice .
He was thinking about getting a dog , which he said would help him feel someone else was on watch .
Advertisement
“ I ’ll try anything , ” Hood said .
“ I ’m almost at the point where I ’d be willing to give a body part for one good night ’s sleep , no nightmares , the type of sleep where you wake up feeling renewed . ”
In the meantime , 19 hours had passed since his nap and Hood was waiting for the caffeine to kick in .
He was waiting for his second wind .
--
jia-rui.chong@latimes.com
Advertisement
--
On latimes.com
To see recent Column One articles , visit latimes.com / columnone .
For a video on Mitch Hood ’s struggle with sleep , go to www.latimes.com/sleep.
Advertisement
Join us for a live Web chat at noon today as two Veterans Affairs experts discuss the influence of war on sleep and the ways that physicians try to treat the resulting problems .
Go to www.latimes.com/sleepchat.
First , let me say that there are many different ways in which to embed Flash content on your website , including using nested HTML tags , browser detection , and / or JavaScript .
There are also different Flash movie formats , but most people choose the SWF format , so we will discuss how to show SWF files .
I do not regularly need to work with Flash , as I can do almost everything I want with JavaScript , however , there have been clients who demand its use .
And my experience with Flash and SWF files has led me to chose SWFObject as my favorite technique for embedding Flash content on a page .
When embedding Flash content on a page , you will encounter issues in at least these 3 areas :
Is Flash supported in the client browser ?
Flash needs to be installed and enabled in the client browser , and you need to handle situations when it is not .
How does this browser handle Flash ?
Flash is a proprietary technology and different browsers have chosen to support it in differing ways , especially detecting Flash versions and rendering alternative content when the flash player is not present .
Is the required Flash version support ?
Your code was written for Flash 9 , but the client browser only has Flash 8 .
The user should be asked to upgrade their Flash version .
I am normally adamant about following standards and accessibility practices , which dictates that I not use JavaScript , but an HTML technique , such as found in the List Apart Article : Flash Satay : Embedding Flash While Supporting Standards .
This method worked great for me , and until I started working on secure servers ( SSL ) where this technique causes IE 6 to show a security warning , it was my first choice .
When the Satay method failed me , I then looked to Adobe , the owner of the proprietary Flash technology .
Adobe supports several methods for embedding Flash : Adobe Flash Detection Kit .
I was hoping that since I was not able to use the more accessible Flash Satay method , that I could at least use officially supported technologies .
Unfortunately , I was still receiving the same security warning on secure servers in IE 6 ( although , the Adobe site claims that their script works around this ) .
Then , I asked myself it the IE 6 security warning was really a serious issue .
And
It is a huge issue , as the site is most likely secure , because it contains sensitive information .
Users of a site , where their browser frequently warns them that they not secure , will be less likely to trust it that site .
And even though the warning is bogus , your users won t care .
The only technique successfully defeating the IE 6 security warning bug , is SWFObject , which is why I choose to use it above all others .
It is also simple to use , and easy to setup alternative content .
Here is a simple example :
Example 1 : Using SWFObject
var so = new SWFObject ( / assets/swf/mySWF.swf , embeddedSwfId , 950 , 950 , 9.0.115 , # FFFFFF ) ; so.addParam ( quality , high ) ; so.addParam ( wmode , transparent ) ; so.addParam ( salign , tl ) ; so. write ( flash - container ) ; // DOM node to embed flash content into
This little code snippet will embed the mySWF .
swf inside the flash - container element and assign the embedded SWF the id of embeddedSwfId .
The create DOM node will have width and height of 950 and a background of black .
Lastly , we tell the SWFObject that we require version 9.0.115&rsquot ; of the Flash player .
In addition to all the issues above , you may encounter server - related issues when requesting the Flash content ( usually a SWF file ) as a result of compression and / or caching techniques .
Fortunately , these issues are well documented and you will most likely find a reasonable solution with a quick google search .
News accounts of Ecuador ’s vote on Sunday approving a new Constitution mainly focused on how its terms could help the country ’s leftist leader , Rafael Correa , an American - educated economist , gain and hold more power .
Details are in Simon Romero ’s article on the Ecuador vote and its implications .
But as I mentioned last week , the Constitution includes a novel set of articles that appear to be the first in any Constitution granting inalienable rights to nature .
Cyril Mychalejko of UpsideDownWorld.org wrote an interesting column exploring the political subtext and explaining how realities on the ground in that turbulent country may limit the significance of the language .
Still , the wording alone is fascinating , as is the simple fact that the provisions were included .
One passage says nature “ has the right to exist , persist , maintain and regenerate its vital cycles , structure , functions and its processes in evolution . ”
[ UPDATED : ]
The language in these provisions was written by Ecuador ’s Constitutional Assembly with input from the Community Environmental Legal Defense Fund , a Pennsylvania - based group providing legal assistance to governments and community groups trying to mesh human affairs and the environment .
The group says it has helped more than a dozen communities in New Hampshire , Pennsylvania and Virginia draft and pass laws “ that change the status of ecosystems from being regarded as property under the law to being recognized as rights - bearing entities . ”
My guess is that Edward O. Wilson would love to see this language adopted everywhere .
Simon Romero , my colleague covering the news , told me in e-mail Sunday night that this particular provision “ has been derided within Ecuador ” given the history of pollution from state - run and private oil companies in the Amazon and the government ’s need to keep oil flowing to sustain the economy .
Earlier this year , Nick Kristof , our peripatetic Op - Ed columnist , filed a column and nice video from the Ecuadorian Amazon showing one approach to economic development shaped around the living forest .
What ’s your take on the Ecuadorian Constitution ?
Today we would like to announce that WebKit is the first browser engine to fully pass Acid3 .
A while back , we posted that we scored 100/100 and matched the reference rendering .
Now , thanks to recent speedups in JavaScript , DOM and rendering , we have passed the third condition , smooth animation on reference hardware .
Here is a screenshot of a successful run :
Here is the timing reference dialog you get by clicking on the “ A ” in Acid3 that confirms we pass the smooth animation condition on a 2.4GHz MacBook Pro :
To try it for yourself , grab a nightly .
Keep in mind that on slower machines , the timing may not be perfect , and you need to do a cached run of the test ( load it once , close window , open new window , load it again ) to avoid delays from the network .
This book is one in a series of CCPA publications that have examined the records of Canadian federal governments during the duration of their tenure .
As with earlier CCPA reports on the activities of previous governments while in office , this book gives a detailed account of the laws , policies , regulations , and initiatives of the Conservative minority government under Prime Minister Stephen Harper during its 32 - month term from January 2006 to September 2008 .
The 47 writers , researchers and analysts who have co-written this book probe into every aspect of the Harper minority government ’s administration .
From the economy to the environment , from social programs to foreign policy , from health care to tax cuts , from the Afghanistan mission to the tar sands , from free trade to deep integration , and to many other areas of this government ’s record , the authors have dug out the facts and analyzed them .
The Harper Record was necessarily researched and written long before an election was called , but its publication does coincide with an election campaign and thus may help citizens to make informed choices about the future of their country .
Regardless of the election outcome , its contents will continue to be relevant between elections .
In detailing what a minority Conservative government really did , or failed to do , it may serve as a guide and model for future elections .
Click here to download the whole book
Or download chapters individually :
Preface , by Bruce Campbell
Introduction , by Teresa Healy
Governance
Economy , Trade and Investment
Racialization and ( In ) Security
Energy and Environment
( In ) Equality and Public Services
Culture and Communications
Federal - Provincial Relations
Notes
About the Authors
WASHINGTON  Israel and America are intensifying a clandestine war against Iran that has run hot and cold since the Islamic Revolution in 1979 but has grown more urgent as Iran races to obtain an atomic bomb .
That is a central claim in a new book , " The Secret War with Iran , " by an Israeli journalist , Ronen Bergman , who also details a series of mishaps during the past 2 1/ 2 years that have likely delayed Iran 's efforts to go nuclear .
While President Bush and other Western leaders have warned of the seriousness of the threat that Iran may obtain a nuclear weapon , little reporting has surfaced in the West on the efforts in the shadows to stop the Iranians .
Mr. Bergman himself has had to skate a close line in this area , in part because of military censorship in Israel , where some of his reporting has been withheld from publication pending rulings from the Israeli Supreme Court .
Nonetheless , the Israeli journalist compiles a picture that suggests that the West has had some successes in the war to stop the Iranian bomb .
Mr. Bergman reports , for example , that in January 2007 Iran determined that some of its nuclear suppliers in Europe were fronts for Western intelligence services , specifically Britain 's MI6 .
And Mr. Bergman writes that between February 2006 and March 2007 , at least three planes " belonging to the Revolutionary Guards crashed in Iran , while carrying personnel connected with the security of the nuclear project . "
Specialized pipes for centrifuges sold to Iran have been modified , he writes , and specialized computers sold to Iran for its nuclear laboratories contained viruses that sabotaged the code .
The secret efforts appear not to be limited to modifying equipment :
On January 18 , 2007 , an Iranian expert on electromagnetics who worked in an Isfahan enrichment facility , Ardeshir Hosseinpour , died in his apartment , Mr. Bergman writes .
The author quotes the deputy director of the Israeli Atomic Energy Commission , Eli Levite , as saying in a closed forum that operations against Iran " gained time for us " and have " doubtless caused significant delays in the project .
The process has led to the revealing of large parts of the program in the areas of sources of supply , of the infrastructure , and of the goals , which were not known or were known at a different resolution . "
While Israel 's Mossad and military intelligence have targeted Iranian terrorists almost since the 1979 revolution , the Jewish state was relatively slow to pick up on the full extent of Iran 's nuclear program .
Mr. Bergman reports that Israel first learned of the nuclear facility in Natanz in 1996 , a full six years before the facility was first disclosed to the public , but several years after the Iranians began their initial work there .
Two Israeli operatives , posing as tourists , arrived at the site and took soil samples , which they brought back to Israel in their shoes and which showed some radiation .
Mr. Bergman also details a success for the CIA in the shadow war against Iran , when General Ali Reza Askari defected to the American side in February 2007 .
Mr. Bergman reports that General Askari was closer to the reformist President Khatami and felt threatened by his old rival in intelligence when President Ahmadinejad came to power in 2005 .
General Askari , for example , warned Mr. Khatami after the attacks of September 11 , 2001 , that Iran 's Revolutionary Guards had given shelter to key Al Qaeda operatives fleeing American troops in Afghanistan .
He said in his debriefings , according to Mr. Bergman , that Iran had entered into joint nuclear projects with both Syria and North Korea .
The defector also claimed that Iran erected a secret enrichment facility near the known centrifuge area in Natanz .
Mr. Bergman finally comes close to saying outright that Israel was responsible for the assassination in February of a master Hezbollah terrorist , Imad Mugniyah .
He writes : " Although Israel has denied responsibility for the assassination , the Mugniyah hit was exactly the kind of thing needed to restore the country 's faith in , and more importantly the enemy 's fear of , Israel 's intelligence services . "
Mr. Bergman then quotes an Israeli intelligence official , who recalls the exact model of the vehicle Mugniyah was driving when he was attacked .
" Pity about that new Pijero , " he said .
Colin Powell to reportedly endorse Obama
UPDATE : Despite Powell denials , Kristol stands by story - see bottom
Retired Gen. Colin Powell , former Secretary of State under President George W. Bush , is to reportedly endorse Sen. Barack Obama .
Weekly Standard 's Bill Kristol told FOX News of the endorsement on Thursday , and later , former national security adviser Zbigniew Brzezinski repeated the same claim , adding that Powell might even " potentially speak at the Democratic National Convention , " per the Huffington Post .
Kristol cited inside sources , according to FOX , but a Powell spokesperson " strongly " denied the report , saying " there 's absolutely no truth to it whatsoever . "
Powell , a former national security adviser himself , served as chair of the Joint Chiefs of Staff under Pres .
Bush 's father and was the younger Bush 's first secretary of state .
" An endorsement by Powell could go a long way to attracting moderates and wayward Republicans to the presumptive Democratic presidential candidate , " the FOX report suggested .
The possible Powell endorsement comes after recent reports that " independent Democrat " Sen .
Joe Lieberman could be a key speaker at the upcoming Republican National Convention in Minnesota .
Powell has declined to endorse either Obama or presumptive GOP nominee Sen. John McCain until now .
Kristol added , " I think the Obama campaign should n't be underestimated .
Obviously anyone would like to have Powell 's endorsement . "
" Consider the source , " said Powell " confidant " and Reagan White House Chief of Staff Ken Duberstein .
Kristol , once former Vice President Dan Quayle 's top aide , " was the person who advertised himself as Dan Quayle 's brain , " Duberstein commented .
" Colin Powell has no plans to attend either convention . "
Powell told ABC
News that he wo n't be attending the convention , but did n't follow up on questions asking whether he was going to endorse Sen.
Obama .
This video is from Fox Your World , broadcast August 13 , 2008 .
Download video
Update : Kristol stands by Powell endorsement story
Powell has dismissed Kristol 's implication that the former Secretary of State would speak at the Democratic convention .
" I do not have time to waste on Bill Kristol 's musings , " Powell said .
" I am not going to the convention .
I have made this clear . "
FOX News ' Gretchen Carlson and Brian Kilmeade spoke with Bill Kristol today about Colin Powell 's alleged plan to endorse Sen. Barack Obama during the Democratic convention .
While Powell 's spokesman denied that Powell will attend the convention , Kristol still says his story was at least half right .
" He 's a very busy man ; he does n't have time to waste on my musings , " Kristol said .
" I on the other hand have a lot of time to muse here with you guys and with Neil Cavuto . "
Even if Powell does n't attend the DNC , Kristol claims that the Obama campaign still expects the former Secretary of State to go Democratic this year .
This video is from Fox 's Fox & Friends , broadcast August 14 , 2008 .
Download video
At a time when experts are debating whether NATO is suited to deal with the global “ war on terror ” , new research suggests that the alliance ’s own secret history has links to terrorism .
ISN Editor ’s Note :
This report written by Daniele Ganser is based on excerpts from his newly released book , “ NATO ’s Secret Armies .
Operation Gladio and Terrorism in Western Europe ” , released this week by Frank Cass in London .
The book describes NATO ’s clandestine operations during the Cold War .
The research was prompted by a story that made world headlines in 1990 but quickly disappeared , ensuring that even today , NATO ’s secret armies remain just that - secret .
Until now , a full investigation of NATO ’s secret armies had not been carried out - a task that Ganser has taken on single - handedly and quite successfully .
In Italy , on 3 August 1990 , then - prime minister Giulio Andreotti confirmed the existence of a secret army code - named “ Gladio ” - the Latin word for “ sword ” - within the state .
His testimony before the Senate subcommittee investigating terrorism in Italy sent shockwaves through the Italian parliament and the public , as speculation arose that the secret army had possibly manipulated Italian politics through acts of terrorism .
Andreotti revealed that the secret Gladio army had been hidden within the Defense Ministry as a subsection of the military secret service , SISMI .
General Vito Miceli , a former director of the Italian military secret service , could hardly believe that Andreotti had lifted the secret , and protested :
" I have gone to prison because I did not want to reveal the existence of this super secret organization .
And now Andreotti comes along and tells it to parliament ! "
According to a document compiled by the Italian military secret service in 1959 , the secret armies had a two - fold strategic purpose : firstly , to operate as a so - called “ stay - behind ” group in the case of a Soviet invasion and to carry out a guerrilla war in occupied territories ; secondly , to carry out domestic operations in case of “ emergency situations ” .
The military secret services ’ perceptions of what constituted an “ emergency ” was well defined in Cold War Italy and focused on the increasing strength of the Italian Communist and the Socialist parties , both of which were tasked with weakening NATO “ from within ” .
Felice Casson , an Italian judge who during his investigations into right - wing terrorism had first discovered the secret Gladio army and had forced Andreotti to take a stand , found that the secret army had linked up with right - wing terrorists in order to confront “ emergency situations ” .
The terrorists , supplied by the secret army , carried out bomb attacks in public places , blamed them on the Italian left , and were thereafter protected from prosecution by the military secret service .
" You had to attack civilians , the people , women , children , innocent people , unknown people far removed from any political game , ” right - wing terrorist Vincezo Vinciguerra explained the so - called “ strategy of tension ” to Casson .
“ The reason was quite simple .
They were supposed to force these people , the Italian public , to turn to the state to ask for greater security .
This is the political logic that lies behind all the massacres and the bombings which remain unpunished , because the state cannot convict itself or declare itself responsible for what happened . "
No comment from NATO or the CIA
How strongly NATO and US intelligence backed and supported the use of terror in Italy in order to discredit the political left during the Cold War remains subject of ongoing research .
General Gerardo Serravalle , who had commanded the Italian Gladio secret army from 1971 to 1974 , confirmed that the secret army “ could pass from a defensive , post - invasion logic , to one of attack , of civil war ” .
The Italian Senate chose to be more explicit and concluded in its investigation in 2000 : " Those massacres , those bombs , those military actions had been organized or promoted or supported by men inside Italian state institutions and , as has been discovered more recently , by men linked to the structures of United States intelligence . "
Ever since the discovery of the secret NATO armies in 1990 , research into stay - behind armies has progressed only very slowly , due to very limited access to primary documents and the refusal of both NATO and the CIA to comment .
On 5 November 1990 , a NATO spokesman told an inquisitive press : " NATO has never contemplated guerrilla war or clandestine operations ” .
The next day , NATO officials admitted that the previous day ’s denial had been false , adding that the alliance would not comment on matters of military secrecy .
On 7 November , NATO ’s highest military official in Europe , Supreme Allied Commander Europe ( SACEUR ) US General John Galvin , together with NATO ’s highest civilian official , Secretary - General Manfred Wörner , briefed NATO ambassadors behind closed doors .
" Since this is a secret organization , I would n't expect too many questions to be answered , ” reasoned a senior NATO diplomat , who wished to remain unnamed .
“ If there were any links to terrorist organizations , that sort of information would be buried very deep indeed . ”
Former CIA director William Colby confirmed in his memoirs that setting up the secret armies in Western Europe had been “ a major program ” for the CIA .
The project started after World War II in total secrecy , and access to information was limited “ to the smallest possible coterie of the most reliable people , in Washington , in NATO ” and in the countries concerned .
Yet when in Italy in 1990 former CIA director Admiral Stansfield Turner was questioned on television on Gladio , he strictly refused to answer any questions on the sensitive issue , and as the interviewer insisted with respect for the terror victims , Stansfield angrily ripped off his microphone and shouted : " I said , no questions about Gladio ! " , whereafter the interview was over .
Protest from the EU
If there had been a Soviet invasion , the secret anti-communist soldiers would have operated behind enemy lines , strengthening and setting up local resistance movements in enemy - held territory , evacuating shot down pilots , and sabotaging the supply lines and production centers of occupation forces .
Upon discovery of the secret armies , the European Parliament responded with harsh criticism , suspecting it to have been involved in manipulation and terror operations .
“ This Europe will have no future , ” Italian representative Falqui opened the debate , “ if it is not founded on truth , on the full transparency of its institutions in regard to the dark plots against democracy that have turned upside down the history , even in recent times , of many European states . ”
Falqui insisted that “ there will be no future , ladies and gentlemen , if we do not remove the idea of having lived in a kind of double state - one open and democratic , the other clandestine and reactionary .
That is why we want to know what and how many " Gladio " networks there have been in recent years in the Member States of the European Community . "
The majority of EU parliamentarians followed Falqui , and in a special resolution on 22 November 1990 made it clear that the EU “ protests vigorously at the assumption by certain US military personnel at SHAPE and in NATO of the right to encourage the establishment in Europe of a clandestine intelligence and operation network ” , calling for a “ a full investigation into the nature , structure , aims , and all other aspects of these clandestine organizations or any splinter groups , their use for illegal interference in the internal political affairs of the countries concerned , and the problem of terrorism in Europe ” .
Secret armies across Western Europe
Only the parliaments in Italy , Switzerland , and Belgium had formed a special commission to investigate the national secret army , and after months or even years of research , presented a public report .
Building on this data and secondary sources from numerous European countries , “ NATO ’s Secret Armies ” confirms for the first time that the secret networks spread across Western Europe , with great details on networks in Germany , France , Spain , Portugal , Holland , Luxemburg , Belgium , Denmark , Norway , Italy , Greece , and Turkey , as well as the strategic planning of Britain and the US .
The stay - behind armies were coordinated on an international level by the so - called Allied Clandestine Committee ( ACC ) and the Clandestine Planning Committee ( CPC ) , linked to NATO ’s Supreme Headquarters Allied Powers Europe ( SHAPE ) .
And they used cover names such as “ Absalon ” in Denmark , “ P26 ” in Switzerland , “ ROC ” in Norway or “ SDRA8 ” in Belgium .
Interestingly , large differences existed from country to country .
In some nations the secret armies became a source of terror , while in others they remained a prudent precaution .
In Turkey , the “ Counter - Guerrilla ” was involved in domestic terror and torture operations against the Kurds , while in Greece , the “ LOK ” took part in the 1967 military coup d’état to prevent a Socialist government .
In Spain , the secret army was used to prop up the fascist dictatorship of Franco , and in Germany , right - wing terrorists used the explosives of the secret army in the 1980 terror attack in Munich .
In other countries , including Denmark , Norway , and Luxemburg , the secret soldiers prepared for the eventual occupation of their home country and never engaged in domestic terror or manipulation .
In the context of the ongoing so - called war on terror , the Gladio data promotes the sobering insight that governments in the West have sacrificed the life of innocent citizens and covered up acts of terrorism in order to manipulate the population .
Allegations that NATO , the Pentagon , MI6 , the CIA , and European intelligence services were linked to terror , coups d’état , and torture in Europe are obviously of an extremely sensitive nature , and future research is needed in the field .
In the absence of an official investigation by NATO or the EU , ongoing international research into terrorism is about to tackle this difficult task , the first step of which I hope to have promisingly taken with “ NATO ’s Secret Armies ” .
Washington DC Tries to Thwart the Supreme Court ’s Handgun Ban Decision
Washington DC officials who are now trying to write gun control legislation to combat the Supreme Court ’s decision that DC ’s handgun ban is unconstitutional are now running into some problems .
It seems that the controls that they are trying to implement are the same ones that the Supreme Court already said are unconstitutional .
Not only that but they may violate the Americans With Disabilities Act .
The Citizens Committee for the Right to Keep and Bear Arms points to a section of the new ordinance requiring that “ Each registrant shall keep any firearm in his or her possession unloaded and either disassembled or secured by a trigger lock , gun safe , or similar device . ”
This is a direct violation of part of the Supreme Court ’s ruling :
“ The court struck down the city ’s trigger lock requirement , and ruled that it is unconstitutional to require that firearms be rendered inoperable at all times in the home , ” he said .
In addition to the total disregard to the Supreme Court ruling there is also the fact that the new laws would discriminate against a person with a disability .
people registering handguns “ not appear to suffer from a physical defect which would make it unsafe for him to possess and use a firearm safely and responsibly . ”
That part of the new law led to this response :
I am wondering if the persons who dreamed up these outrageous guidelines ever heard of the Americans With Disabilities Act .
In their attempt to make owning handguns as difficult and discouraging as possible for residents of the District , the people responsible for this regulation have just insulted millions of disabled Americans , including disabled veterans , who are perfectly capable of owning and using firearms , ” Waldron said .
Washington DC officials clearly do not believe what the Supreme Court ruled , and that is the fact that the people have the right to keep and bear arms .
They are now doing everything in their power to turn their backs on the Supreme Court ’s ruling .
They show utter contempt for the right to bear arms and do not care if the ruling that just came down reinforces the right .
They believe what they believe , and it does n’t matter what the constitution says .
The scary part of this whole issue is the fact that the Supreme Court ruled 5 - 4 for the people ’s right to keep and bear arms .
A very narrow victory .
With several members of the Supreme Court in their seventies President Obama will have more than one nomination to the Supreme Court .
We can kiss this decision goodbye .
It will be overturned .
[ digg-reddit-me ]
[ Image by SoggyDan licensed under Creative Commons . ]
On September 16 , 2005 a captain in the army wrote a letter to Senator John McCain .
The captain had commanded troops in Iraq and witnessed what he described as “ a wide range of abuses [ of American - held prisoners ] including death threats , beatings , broken bones , murder , exposure to elements , extreme forced physical exertion , hostage - taking , stripping , sleep deprivation and degrading treatment . ”
He attempted to determine what standards governed the treatment of detainees as he reported these abuses up the chain of command – but was given no guidance .
He had written to many military and political officials , informing them of what was going on and asking for guidance , despite being told by the military brass that he was committing career suicide .
He wrote letters to anyone he thought might be able to help him – but no one responded .
Finally , on Finally , on September 16 , 2006 , this captain wrote a letter to Senator John McCain .
The letter concluded :
… the most important question that this generation will answer [ is ]
Do we sacrifice our ideals in order to preserve security ?
Terrorism inspires fear and suppresses ideals like freedom and individual rights .
Overcoming the fear posed by terrorist threats is a tremendous test of our courage .
Will we confront danger and adversity in order to preserve our ideals , or will our courage and commitment to individual rights wither at the prospect of sacrifice ?
My response is simple .
If we abandon our ideals in the face of adversity and aggression , then those ideals were never really in our possession .
I would rather die fighting than give up even the smallest part of the idea that is “ America . ”
[ My emphasis . ]
John McCain was so moved by this letter that he pushed for it to be published in the Washington Post , began drafting legislation to stop America from torturing it ’s prisoners , and began publicly pushing the Bush administration on the issue in the press .
On November 4 , 2005 , in the middle of this fight Senator John McCain issued a sober call for to reform our intelligence - gathering and
What should also be obvious is that the intelligence we collect must be reliable and acquired humanely , under clear standards understood by all our fighting men and women .
To do differently not only offends our values as Americans , but undermines our war effort , because abuse of prisoners harms – not helps – us in the war on terror .
First , subjecting prisoners to abuse leads to bad intelligence , because under torture a detainee will tell his interrogator anything to make the pain stop .
Second , mistreatment of our prisoners endangers U.S. troops who might be captured by the enemy – if not in this war , then in the next .
And third , prisoner abuses exact on us a terrible toll in the war of ideas , because inevitably these abuses become public .
When they do , the cruel actions of a few darken the reputation of our country in the eyes of millions .
American values should win against all others in any war of ideas , and we ca n’t let prisoner abuse tarnish our image .
Senator McCain concluded his remarks by echoing the army captain :
We should do it not because we wish to coddle terrorists .
We should do it not because we view them as anything but evil and terrible .
We should do it , Mr. President , because we are Americans , and because we hold ourselves to humane standards of treatment of people no matter how evil or terrible they may be .
America stands for a moral mission , one of freedom and democracy and human rights at home and abroad .
We are better than these terrorists , and we will we win .
I have said it before but it bears repeating :
The enemy we fight has no respect for human life or human rights .
They do n’t deserve our sympathy .
But this is n’t about who they are .
This is about who we are .
These are the values that distinguish us from our enemies , and we can never , never allow our enemies to take those values away .
[ My emphasis . ]
Responding to criticisms that he was being overly moralistic in attempting to prohibit Americans from torturing , McCain told George Stephanopoulos said :
In that million - to - one situation , then the President of the United States would authorize and then take responsibility for it
Despite heavy criticism from the right - wing , McCain had proposed what became known as the McCain Anti-Torture Amendment ( and later the Detainee Treatment Act . )
The right - wing excoriated McCain for leaving America defenseless and the Bush administration pleaded with McCain to amend the language of his amendment , threatening to veto any measure that impinged on the president ’s authority to torture people .
Under great pressure , McCain limited the bill ’s specific language to only cover the military , leaving out the CIA .
Although the bill called for an end to all torture of prisoners by Americans , it only gave specific and binding direction to the military .
Further undermining the anti-torture provisions , President Bush issued a signing statement that suggested the law violated the Constitution and that it should not be considered binding .
In 2006 , the Bush administration began to push for a bill that concerned the issue of torture .
McCain initially requested that the bill include the explicit protections of the Geneva Conventions .
The Bush administration conceded to McCain ’s requests and included these protections , but undermined this passage with a provision that gave the president authority to determine what acts were consistent with and inconsistent with the Geneva Conventions .
Again , McCain ’s stand against torture won him plaudits , but only served to authorize the president ’s power to use whatever methods he personally deemed “ not torture ” .
In February 2008 , a number of top Democrats on the Intelligence Committee became concerned that the CIA was continuing to torture prisoners despite assurances by the administration to McCain that they had stopped those practices due to McCain ’s public pressure .
The Democrats sought to close the loophole left by the McCain Anti-Torture Amendment , and reaching out to McCain for support , they were surprised to be rebuffed .
McCain explained his opposition to what became known as the Feinstein Amendment , saying that the current law was sufficiently clear and that :
We always supported allowing the CIA to use extra measures …
He continued to repeat his claim that :
I obviously do n’t want to torture any prisoners .
Yet , despite reports of ongoing torture , he refused to back a law with teeth that would actually prevent torture .
His first two attempts had been considered noble failures by human rights activists who worked with Senator McCain .
They admired him for standing up to the Bush administration and calling on America to be better – and even if he had n’t actually accomplished what he had set out to do .
Now – with a Democratic Congress ready to push the issue and actually pass an enforceable law ending official American torture , McCain balked .
He even suggested the president veto the bill if it was passed .
Such was the moral authority he had built up on the issue that his standing against the amendment effectively quashed it .
What does it say about a man ’s character that he hears the call of injustice and composes a powerful defense of American values and becomes the public face of opposition to torture – and then he accepts a compromise that gives him only a symbolic victory ?
And then , given another chance to put an end to this practice he has condemned in no uncertain terms , he again mounts a public defense and accepts a symbolic victory that reinforces the position he has condemend ?
And then , given a chance to support a bill that would truly end torture , he opposes it and encourages the president to veto it ?
His words promise so much more than his deeds deliver .
While Senator John McCain was the only official Captain Ian Fishback reached out to that responded to his call for leadership , McCain failed the test Captain Fishback put to him .
McCain chose to “ sacrifice our ideals in order to preserve security ” and give up some part “ of the idea that is America . ”
He accepted plaudits and symbolic victories , but when given the chance to act on his fine words and professed ideals , he declined .
I admired the McCain who fought against torture when no other Republican would .
I admired him despite the compromises he made .
I could not admire the way he declined to back up his words once the opportunity was given to him .
Both the liberal law professor Glenn Greenwald and the conservative columnist Andrew C. McCarthy use the same word to describe McCain ’s opposition to torture : “ grandstanding . ”
N.B . This post was written in the midst of an obviously contentious election campaign – one in which I had strongly considered supporting John McCain but after careful evaluation , had come to the conclusion that Barack Obama was the only candidate suited to our current challenges .
While I stand by the content of the post , in retrospect , the tone is a bit overheated .
That said – the fact that McCain would backtrack on this issue that was at the core of his reputation for moral authority is a testament to how this issue has become one of the issues in the new “ culture war ” – this one over national security .
Related articles
Like Loading ...
Uncovered : Vast Atheist Conspiracy Headed By Richard Dawkins ?
Posted by Pile ( 10632 views ) [ E - Mail link ]
There 's a video floating around that was supposedly taken in a government raid of Richard Dawkins evil lair in the Galapagos Islands ...
Woo Woo !
that was cool
Posted by laugher on 2008 - 08 - 11 17:11:08 so tounge and cheek .
Posted by Spelling Nazi on 2008-08-11 23:09:43 * Tongue
also , the phrase is " Tongue in cheek " Posted by Pile on 2008-08- 12 11:09:05
I guarantee you some religious people are going to think that 's real .
Posted by Werewere on 2008-08 - 19 01:33:03 dibs pilot !
Posted by Archemedes Rex on 2009-02-21 15:51:24
There should be a sci-fi TV series about atheists taking over the world .
Posted by Pile on 2009-02-21 21:54:23
There is .
It 's called Star Trek , The Next Generation .
Name : ( change name for anonymous posting ) Title : Comments : 1 Article displayed .
When asked in a television interview what he thought of Microsoft 's new television ad featuring Bill Gates and Jerry Seinfeld , Steve Jobs could only muster an " uhhhm . "
He had a bit more to say on the state of the iPod , Mac , and Apple 's stock performance .
In the interview with CNBC's Jim Goldman Tuesday following his presentation of new iPods , Jobs acknowledged that the third - generation iPod nano " fatboy " released last year was n't as well received as the two models that preceded it , which prompted the player 's return to a more vertical form - factor this year .
" It was very clear to us that customers preferred the vertical form - factor for their iPods .
That was the first - and second - generation , " he said .
" The third - generation we went to a squarish design so we could fit in a really high - res screen .
And we managed to do both in this [ fourth - generation iPod nano ] . "
Jobs also defended his decision to focus exclusively on Apple 's music business on Tuesday , adding that the invite for the event was intended to drive a message Wall Street and industry followers who may have been hoping for announcements related to the company 's Mac line .
" Between what we introduced in iPods and the new iTunes 8 with the Genius playlist feature ; we had a lot to talk about today , " he said .
" And ... , you know , the invite we sent out said Let 's Rock !.
So we were trying to ... you know ... "
Asked if he 's surprised at the continued success of his company 's computer business , Jobs commented that he believes the Mac has reached a " tipping point " thanks to consumers who are finally looking at the systems as a viable alternative to Windows .
" The other interesting that 's happening is that people used to buy a computer for home because they used it at work , " he said .
" But now , there 's enough momentum in Mac in the home that they 're starting to say , ' why can't I use this easy to use computer at work too . ' "
In the 7 minute interview , Jobs also discusses some of the company 's recent missteps , his expectations for the upcoming iPhone 2.1 software update , and the performance of Apple 's shares .
Although Goldman agreed not to address speculation about Jobs ' health on camera , he was allowed to ask him a question in passing about the matter off camera .
Poster # 1 for W. , which was released on October 17 , 2008 .
The film , starring Josh Brolin , Elizabeth Banks , Jeffrey Wright , Thandie Newton , Richard Dreyfuss and many more , currently has a total of fourteen posters available .
Poster Library
NOURIEL ROUBINI , bell - ringing herald of economic end - times , received the New York Times Sunday magazine treatment this week .
The piece , which dubs Mr Roubini , " Dr Doom " , tracks his rise to prominence and popularity as his relentlessly pessimistic economic forecasts began to look more and more like reality .
A few others have weighed in on the piece .
Here 's Mr Roubini 's former colleague , Brad Setser :
I would n’t mind if Dr. Roubini was proved to be a bit too pessimistic , and not all the near - term risks he sees come to pass .
But I also think it would be a mistake to base policy on the assumption that the worst of the credit crisis is over .
Paul Krugman adds :
The article is unfair to the economics profession in suggesting that economists other than Hyman Minsky neglect the study of financial crises ; some economists have worked quite a lot on the subject .
( Before I went to work for the Times , I was sort of a financial ambulance chaser , spending a lot of time in places like Buenos Aires and Jakarta . )
Furthermore , quite a few of us saw that there was a huge housing bubble waiting to pop ; to this day I do n’t understand why this was n’t obvious to everyone .
What Nouriel deserves special credit for was his argument that there would be large “ knock - on ” effects from the bursting bubble on the financial system — that banks and other financial institutions would lose so much capital that the effect would be to freeze up the financial system .
( Yes , I know , we ’ve got a financial meltdown causing a freeze , not to mention a crunchy squeeze .
Whatever . )
In retrospect , this seems obvious — but right up until a year ago , the word was that the crisis was “ contained ” , and Nouriel was way in front of everyone else in saying that it was n’t .
One should obviously be hesitant in criticising someone who has gotten quite a bit right about the current crisis .
All the same , getting things right is only half - worthy of praise .
The other half depends on why one got it right .
Did circumstances overlap with a bias adopted to carve out a market niche , was there genuine insight , or was there some combination of the two ?
I long ago stopped reading Mr Roubini , simply because I found very little valuable information in his work .
His writing struck me as indiscriminately negative , spinning any factoid or data point into further evidence that the end was nigh .
In part , his tone was problematic .
As Mr Krugman notes , there were plenty of people who foresaw trouble in the American economy , but there was always ( and there remains ) considerable uncertainty in the path of the crisis and recovery .
When someone repeatedly tells me that deep recession is imminent , no ifs , ands , or buts , I 'm sceptical .
No one should ever be so confident in their forecasts .
But I suppose I 'm open to persuasion .
Tell me , readers , have I misjudged Mr Roubini ?
( Photo credit : AP )
SALT LAKE CITY – University of Utah engineers devised a new way to slice thin wafers of the chemical element germanium for use in the most efficient type of solar power cells .
They say the new method should lower the cost of such cells by reducing the waste and breakage of the brittle semiconductor .
The expensive solar cells now are used mainly on spacecraft , but with the improved wafer - slicing method , " the idea is to make germanium - based , high - efficiency solar cells for uses where cost now is a factor , " particularly for solar power on Earth , says Eberhard " Ebbe " Bamberg , an assistant professor of mechanical engineering .
" You want to do it on your roof . "
Dinesh Rakwal , a doctoral student in mechanical engineering , adds : " We 're coming up with a more efficient way of making germanium wafers for solar cells – to reduce the cost and weight of these solar cells and make them defect - free . "
Bamberg and Rakwal are publishing their findings in the Journal of Materials Processing Technology .
Their study has been accepted , and a final version will be published online late this month or in early October , and in print in 2009 .
Brass - coated , steel - wire saws now are used to slice round wafers of germanium from cylindrical single - crystal ingots .
But the brittle chemical element cracks easily , requiring broken pieces to be recycled , and the width of the saws means a significant amount of germanium is lost during the cutting process .
The sawing method was developed for silicon wafers , which are roughly 100 times stronger .
The new method for slicing solar cell wafers – known as wire electrical discharge machining ( WEDM ) – wastes less germanium and produces more wafers by cutting even thinner wafers with less waste and cracking .
The method uses an extremely thin molybdenum wire with an electrical current running through it .
It has been used previously for machining metals during tool - making .
University of Utah mechanical engineers Dinesh Rakwal and Eberhard Bamberg watch as an electrified molybdenum wire cuts a thin wafer of germanium semiconductor , which is used in a solar power cells .
Their new cutting technique promises to reduce the cost of the most efficient type of solar power cell .
( Photo Credit : Sumet Heamawatanachai , University of Utah . )
Germanium serves as the bottom layer of the most efficient existing type of solar cell , but is used primarily on NASA , military and commercial satellites because of the high expense – raw germanium costs about $ 680 per pound .
Four - inch - wide wafers used in solar cells cost $ 80 to $ 100 each , and the new cutting method may reduce the cost by more than 10 percent , says Grant Fines , chief technology officer for germanium wafer - maker Sylarus Technologies in St. George , Utah .
" Anything that can be done to lower this cost ultimately will lower the cost of solar power per kilowatt - hour , which is beneficial , " and will encourage wider use of solar power , he adds .
" That 's why this technology Ebbe has come up with is very intriguing . "
Sylarus is considering using the new method , but must determine if it can be scaled up so wafers can be mass - produced in a commercially viable manner , Fines says .
Bamberg 's method would " reduce the amount we have to recycle and increase the yield , " he adds .
" It has the potential to give good savings , which helps enable this technology here on Earth . "
A patent is pending on a way of using the new method so that multiple , parallel electrically charged wires are used to cut germanium wafers – a mass - production method Bamberg compares with an egg slicer .
Bringing High - Efficiency Solar Cells Down to Earth
Germanium is a semiconductor at the bottom of " multijunction " solar cells .
Above it are layers of gallium - indium - arsenide and gallium - indium - phosphide .
The layers work together to capture different wavelengths of sunlight , and the germanium also serves as the substrate upon which the solar cell is " grown . "
When sunlight hits a solar cell , the energy is converted to a flow of electrons in the cell , namely , electricity .
Silicon - based solar cells on Earth have maximum efficiency of 20 percent , Fines says .
In space , germanium solar cells typically convert 28 percent of sunlight into electricity , but on Earth where solar concentrators are used , they can convert more than 40 percent of sunlight into electricity , and their efficiency theoretically exceeds 50 percent , he adds .
Despite the greater efficiency of germanium - based solar cells , a 2005 survey found that 94 percent of solar cells made for non-space uses were silicon - based because silicon is much cheaper and less fragile than germanium , the Utah researchers say .
Bamberg says germanium - based solar cells are used on most spacecraft because they are more efficient and lighter than silicon - based solar cells .
By making it more attractive economically to use efficient germanium solar cells on rooftops , the weight and size of solar panels can be reduced " so it does n't bother you aesthetically , " he adds .
The new method may make germanium - based solar cells competitive with less efficient but less expensive silicon - based solar cells for uses on Earth , says Bamberg .
Less Waste , More Wafers
In the new method , the molybdenum wire essentially is an electrode , and it is connected to a pulsed power supply that charges the wire during the cutting process .
A cylinder - shaped germanium ingot rests on a horizontal support , and the wire is lowered into the ingot as new wire is pulled continually from a supply spool to replace the cutting wire as it wears .
Thin , synthetic oil is injected along the wire , both to increase the electrical charge on the wire and to flush away material that melts during the cutting process .
The process is slow .
Wire electrical discharge machining takes 14 hours to cut a single wafer .
Bamberg says the electrified wire method has to be done gently to avoid cracking the germanium , but he hopes to increase the speed to the six hours it now takes to cut a wafer using a wire saw .
Wire saws made of brass - coated steel have a thickness of about 170 or 180 microns ( millionths of a meter ) .
The Utah researchers used molybdenum wire 75 to 100 microns thick , a bit thicker than a human hair .
Less germanium is wasted during the slicing process because the electrified cutting wire is thinner .
The study found that a 100 - micron - thick electrified wire significantly reduced the waste and increased the number of wafers that could be made from a germanium ingot , but a thinner 75 - micron - wide wire did even better .
" At the current standard wafer thickness of 300 microns , you can produce up to 30 percent more wafers using our method " with a 75 - micron - wide wire , Bamberg says .
" Since we produce them crack free , we can also make them thinner than standard techniques .
So if you go down to a 100 - micron - thick wafer , you can make up to 57 percent more wafers [ from the same germanium ingot ] .
That 's a huge number . "
Making the wafers thinner will reduce their cost because more can be made from the same ingot , he adds .
The new study found that the " kerf " – which is the amount of germanium wasted during the slicing process – was 22 percent less when a 75 - micron diameter electrified wire was used to cut the wafers , compared with the conventional wire saw method .
The researchers cut 2.6 - inch - diameter wafers with a thickness of 350 microns .
The study also showed less germanium was wasted not only using the smaller wire size , but also if the charge on the electrified wire was lower .
Source : University of Utah
A wafer of the element germanium , a semiconductor that is used as the bottom layer of highly efficient solar power cells .
University of Utah engineers have devised a new way of cutting the wafers so that less of the expensive material is wasted during the cutting process .
The method may reduce the cost of germanium - based solar cells and make them more economical to use on Earth .
Because of their high cost , they now are used mainly on spacecraft .
( Photo Credit : Eberhard Bamberg , University of Utah )
Call Mayor Chris Coleman : 651-266-8510
We are sending you this message because the situation in St.
Paul is very grave and we 're concerned that the real story is not being told by the mainstream media .
Over the past few days , the heavily armed and extremely large police presence in St. Paul has intimidated , harassed and provoked people ; and , in a number of instances , the police have escalated situations when they used excessive force .
They have used pepper spray , including spraying at least one person just inches from her face as she was held down on the ground by several police officers .
They have freely swung their extra long night sticks , pushed people around , rode horses and bicycles up against peacefully gathered groups , and surrounded people simply walking down the streets .
On Tuesday evening , they used tear gas on a small group of protesters in downtown St. Paul .
The massive police presence and the uncalled - for actions by the police on the streets has not been the only problem .
The police raided a convergence center and several locations where people are staying over the weekend and they have stopped and searched vehicles for no clear reason .
On Tuesday afternoon , they literally pulled the plug and turned off the electricity at a permitted outdoor concert .
The timing of this led to a situation where hundreds of understandably angry people ended up joining a march being led by the Poor Peoples Campaign for Economic Human Rights , a march that organizers were insisting be nonviolent .
In other words , the police set up a dynamic that could have turned ugly , but the skill of the organizers kept things calm and focused .
All of this - and much more - needs to be understood in the context of the overwhelming presence of police .
Police from all around the Twin Cities have been put to work , and they have also brought in police units from around Minnesota and from as far away as Philadelphia , PA .
The National Guard and state troopers are in the mix , to say nothing of the Secret Service , Homeland Security and who knows who else from the federal government !
We are very concerned about what this all means about the right to protest , the right to assemble , and the right to have one 's dissenting voice heard .
We are worried about what it means about the growing militarization of our nation and the ongoing assault on the Constitution .
We shudder to think about how the influx of new weapons and armed vehicles and everything else will be used in the neighborhoods of St. Paul and Denver : both communities each received $ 50 million from Homeland Security to purchase the equipment and pay for the policing during the conventions .
There are still two more days of the Republican Convention in St. Paul -- two more days of protest and possibilities of police misconduct , over - reaction , and excessive use of force .
We urge you to call the Mayor of St. Paul right now !
Let him know that people around the country know what 's happening !
Urge him to stand up for the Constitution and to take action to end the militarization of the downtown areas of his city !
Urge him to reign in the police and help bring civility to the streets of St. Paul !
Mayor Chris Coleman : 651-266-8510
And call your local media outlets to demand that they tell the real story of what 's happening in St.
Paul this week .
Peace ,
Leslie Cagan , UFPJ National Coordinator
たまの機会 にLinuxを再起動する場合、起動時間の長さが思いのほか気になるという読者の方もおられるだろう。本記事ではLinuxの再起動時間を短縮するための方法について解説している。
Linuxはそれほど頻繁に再起動する必要のないOSである。しかしいざ再起動となると、とても時間がかかるということもしばしばある。幸いなことに、起動を高速化する方法があるのだ。そして、その中のいくつかはそれほど難しくないものなのである（残念なことに中には難しいものもあるのだが）。そこで、以下にそういった方法を10個選んで紹介する。
＃1：不必要なサービスを無効化する
マシンの使用目的にもよるが、不必要なサービスがたくさんあるはずだ。デスクトップマシンとしてLinuxを使用している？では、sendmailやhttpdなど、必要ではないサービスがたくさんあることになる。サーバマシンであるがWebサーバとしてしか使用していない場合にも、無効化できるサービスが数多くあるはずだ。サービスを無効化するには、管理者メニューにアクセスし、起動時に実行するサービス項目を編集すればよい。立ち上げたくないサービスをすべて削除するだけでよいのである。
＃2：不必要なカーネルモジュールを無効化する
デスクトップ がEthernetに接続されているのであれば、無線ネットワーク用のカーネルモジュールをロードする必要はない。しかし、こういったモジュールをロードしないようにするには、カーネルの再コンパイルが必要となるため、気軽にできる作業にはならないのだ。また、実際に再コンパイルを行うには、カーネルのソースが必要となる。そして、通常の手順に従ってカーネルのコンパイルを行うことになる。違いは、不必要なモジュールをシステムの詳細設定時にすべて無効化するということだけだ。
システム上に現在どういったカーネルモジュールがインストールされ、稼働しているのかを調べる最善の方法は、Bootchartをインストールすることである。Bootchartを用いることで、モジュールのリストが簡単に入手できるだけでなく、システム起動時に起こっていることが判りやすく示されるようになる。また、「chkconfig - list | grep 3:」というコマンドを用いて稼働中のサービスを表示させることもできる。ロードされているモジュールのうち、不必要なものを特定できたのであれば、次はカーネルの再コンパイル時にそれらを削除することになる。なお、カーネルの再コンパイル時には、あなたのマシンのアーキテクチャを正確に指定しておく必要がある。
＃3：GNOMEやKDEではなく、軽量のウィンドウマネージャを使う
私が軽量のウィンドウマネージャを使っているのには理由がある--これだけで起動時間が劇的に短縮されるのである。30秒から60秒もかけてGNOMEやKDEを起動するのではなく、2秒から10秒もあれば起動するEnlightenmentやXFCEを使ってみてはどうだろうか？これによって起動時間を短縮できるだけでなく、使用メモリも少なくてすむうえに、肥大化したソフトウェアとのやり取りに頭を悩ませる必要もなくなるのだ。
: : : : : : : : : :
As we have watched the fall of Freddy Mac , Fannie Mae , Lehman Brothers and Merrill Lynch it reminds us of another time –in the not so distant past - when this country faced the S&L crisis .
John McCain intervened to protect S&L magnate Charles Keating from federal regulators .
He said in his initial defense of his actions that “ I have done this kind of thing many , many times , ” and said the Lincoln case was like “ helping the little lady who did n’t get her Social Security . ”
McCain was criticized by the Committee for exercising “ poor judgment ” when he met with the federal regulators on Keating ’s behalf .
He got off lightly , according to one bank regulator from California ; he felt that Keating ’s business involvement with Cindy McCain was an obvious conflict of interest .
After being rebuked that is when the “ Maverick ” was born , as he tried to distance himself from the scandal .
Ohio Senator Sherrod Brown felt this was the time to bring up John McCain with all the lax oversight we have witnessed , shareholders losses and the taxpayers are footing the bill again .
Déjà vu .
Here is what Brown had to say to Huffington Post :
“ It is not so much his economic proposals but his economic record , ” Brown said of McCain .
“ His main adviser is Phil Gramm — he was his mentor in the Senate — and you just tie it all together .
Of course John McCain supported the oil industry , he has oil lobbyists working for him .
Of course John McCain supported these trade agreements , he has got Wall Street people working for him …
It is all wrapped up together .
John McCain is a creature of these interest groups in Washington .
He is no maverick and , from the Keating Five on , his ethics have been questionable .
He ’s not a maverick and Barack has got to just keep hammering on that . ”
Obama points out parallels of the S&L crisis and today ’s current financial failings in a speech he made .
“ Instead of sensible reform that rewarded success and freed the creative forces of the market , too often we ’ve excused an ethic of greed , corner - cutting and inside dealing that threatens the long - term stability of our economic system , ” he said .
“ It happened in the 1980s , when we loosened restrictions on Savings and Loans and appointed regulators who ignored even these weaker rules .
Too many S&Ls took advantage of the lax rules set by Washington to gamble that they could make big money in speculative real estate . ”
With the US economy battered and bruised –from the housing crisis to the catastrophic failure of the Wall Street financial firms - and John McCain ’s economic guru , Phil Gramm helped create today ’s subprime meltdown .
This is all so hauntingly familiar to the role he played in the 80’s .
John McCain has been given a pass , to glide through this election by the press , without connecting the dots to all the ties John McCain has with lobbyists and powerful , well connected men behind the scenes .
We need to remind all Americans of these important and disturbing facts about John McCain .
He ’s no “ Maverick ” , he stands for the policies that have put this country once again on the brink of financial disaster .
That ’s not change I can believe in ..
How about you ?
Chew on this : Half of US food goes to waste February 12 , 2008
A study done at the University of Arizona in Tucson indicated that 40 to 50 percent of all food ready for harvest never gets eaten .
Of the food that actually makes it into homes , 50 million tons of it goes into the garbage , sometimes unopened .
Timothy W. Jones , an anthropologist at the UA , Bureau of Applied Research in Anthropology , has spent the last 10 years measuring food loss .
His research found :
Households dump $ 43 billion worth of food a year , or about 14 percent of what they buy .
That does n’t include plate scrapings .
15 percent of that waste includes products still within their expiration date but never opened .
5 percent of American ’s leftovers could feed 4 million people for 1 day
Disposing of food waste costs the U.S. $ 1 billion a year
Rotting food releases methane , a more potent greenhouse gas than CO2
Methane can be harnessed to create clean energy for heat , light and fuel
Retailers , including restaurants , throw away 35 million tons a year , valued at $ 30 billion .
Reducing food waste by half could reduce adverse environmental impacts by 25 per cent through reduced landfill use , soil depletion and applications of fertilisers , pesticides and herbicides .
http://www.foodproductiondaily.com/news/ng.asp?n=56340-half-of-us
armor@conjay.com CONJAY AMMUNITION FOR USE IN ARMOR TESTING ( STEEL , COMPOSITE , GLASS ) Handgun Ammunition provides the most fertile field for modifications and variations and so , particularly in the U.S.A there are numerous small manufacturers producing different bullet types for almost ANY caliber of ammunition .
There are simply too many calibers to cover completely , with new ones arriving each year , but the more usually encountered will be shown in a few of the loadings that are possible , but it is important to remember that ANY of these calibers may be found in ANY ( and several more ) loadings sand bullet types .
In addition to modern calibers there are different threats to Armor in each country as , historically , there will have been indigenous handguns .
For example the the 7.63 mm Mannlicher in the Argentine Republic , the 9 mm Steyr in Austria , the 7.65 mm Long and 8 mm Lebel in France and the 9 mm Browning Long in Sweden .
However , it is the USA where any or all of these threats might be met with the addition of very high energy , large caliber pistol and revolver cartridges over and above the .44 " Magnum , such as the .454 " Casull , the .475 " Wildey Magnum , the .475 " Linebaug h , the .50 " Action Express and the .500 " Smith & Wesson Magnum .
Left to Right ( Scale 1:1 ) 6.35 mm Automatic - .25 " Automatic 6.35 mm ( .25 " ) Automatic Ball ( Austria ) 6.35 mm ( .25 " ) Automatic Core Shot Pre-Fragmented ( USA ) 6.35 mm ( .25 " ) Automatic Glaser Safety Slug ( USA ) 6.35 mm ( .25 " ) Automatic Magsafe Defender +P ( USA ) 6.35 mm ( .25 " ) Automatic MSC ( USA ) 6.35 mm ( .25 " ) Automatic KTW Metal - Piercing ( USA ) Left to Right ( Scale 1:1 ) 7.62 mm x 25 Tokarev Magsafe Defender ( USA ) 7.63 mm ( .30 " ) Mauser Ball ( UK ) 7.63 mm ( .30 " ) Mauser Ball ( Italy ) 7.63 mm ( .30 " ) Mauser Ball JSP ( USA ) 7.63 mm Mannlicher Ball ( Argentine Republic ) 7.65 mm Long Ball ( France ) 7.65 mm ( .30 " ) Parabellum ( Luger ) Ball ( Sweden ) Left to Right ( Scale 1:1 ) . 22 " Remington Jet JSP ( USA ) 5.7 mm x 28 P90 Ball SS190 ( Belgium ) Left to Right ( Scale 1:1 ) 7.65 mm Automatic - .32 " Automatic 7.65 mm ( .32 " ) Automatic Ball ( UK ) 7.65 mm ( .32 " ) Automatic Ball ( Germany ) 7.65 mm ( .32 " ) Automatic Ball ( Czech Republic ) 7.65 mm ( .32 " ) Automatic Ball with Steel Core ( Czech Republic ) 7.65 mm ( .32 " ) Automatic Duplex Ball ( USA ) 7.65 mm ( .32 " ) Automatic Core Shot Pre-Fragmented ( USA ) 7.65 mm ( .32 " ) Automatic THV Metal - Piercing ( France ) 7.65 mm ( .32 " ) Automatic KTW Metal - Piercing Left to Right ( Scale 1:1 ) 7.65 mm Automatic - .32 " Automatic 7.65 mm ( .32 " ) Automatic High - Explosive ( USA ) Left to Right ( Scale 1:1 ) 9 mm Browning Short - .380 " Automatic 9 mm ( .380 " ) Automatic Ball ( Belgium ) 9 mm ( .380 " ) Automatic Ball MOD. 934 ( Italy ) 9 mm ( .380 " ) Automatic Ball ( Germany ) 9 mm ( .380 " ) Automatic Ball ( Austria ) 9 mm ( .380 " ) Automatic Ball ( France ) 9 mm ( .380 " ) Automatic Ball JSP ( USA ) Left to Right ( Scale 1:1 ) 9 mm Browning Short - .380 " Automatic 9 mm ( .380 " ) Automatic Duplex Ball ( USA ) 9 mm ( .380 " ) Automatic Core Shot Prefragmented ( USA ) 9 mm ( .380 " ) Automatic Magsafe Defender ( USA ) 9 mm ( .380 " ) Automatic KTW Metal - Piercing ( USA ) 9 mm ( .380 " ) Automatic Armor - Piercing ( ABC ) ( USA ) 9 mm ( .380 " ) Automatic Incendiary ( USA ) 9 mm x 19 Parabellum is found on Page of NATO 9 mm x 19 Left to Right ( Scale 1:1 ) 9 mm x 18 Ball ( Austria ) 9 mm Browning Long Ball ( USA ) 9 mm Browning Long ( Austria ) 9 mmx 21 CBAP Armor - Piercing ( UK ) 9 mm Steyr Ball ( Austria ) Left to Right ( Scale 1:1 ) .356 " TSW Magsafe Defender ( USA ) .357 SIG Magsafe Defender ( USA ) .38 " Colt Automatic Ball ( USA ) .38 " Colt Automatic Ball ( USA ) .38 " Super Automatic +P ( USA ) .38 " Colt Automatic KTW Metal - Piercing ( USA ) .38 " Colt Automatic CBAP Armor - Piercing ( UK ) Left to Right ( Scale 1:1 ) .40 " Smith & Wesson Ball ( USA ) .40 " Smith & Wesson Starfire ( USA ) .40 " Smith & Wesson Hydra - Shok ( USA ) .40 " Smith & Wesson Magsafe Defender ( USA ) .40 " Smith & Wesson Magsafe Defender # 40D ( USA ) 10 mm Automatic Ball JHP ( USA ) 10 mm Automatic Magsafe Defender ( USA ) 10 mm Automatic Magsafe SWAT ( USA ) 10 mm Magnum FMJ ( USA ) .400 " Corbon Ball JHP ( USA ) Left to Right ( Scale 1:1 ) .45 " Colt Automatic .45 " Colt Automatic M1902 Ball FMJ ( USA ) .45 " Colt Automatic M1911 Ball JHP ( Israel ) .45 " Colt Automatic M1911 Ball FMJ ( USA ) .45 " Colt Automatic M1911 Ball FMJ ( USA ) .45 " Colt Automatic M1911 Duplex Ball ( USA ) .45 " Colt Automatic M1911 Black Talon ( USA ) .45 " Colt Automatic M1911 Core Shot Prefragmented ( USA ) .45 " Colt Automatic M1911 Glaser Safety Slug Blue Tip ( USA ) .45 " Colt Automatic M1911 Glaser Safety Slug Silver Tip ( USA ) .45 " Colt Automatic M1911 Hydra - Shok ( USA ) .45 " Colt Automatic M1911 Magsafe Defender ( USA ) Left to Right ( Scale 1:1 ) .45 " Colt Automatic M1911 MMC ( USA ) .45 " Colt Automatic M1911 Omnishock ( USA ) .45 " Colt Automatic M1911 Shocker ( USA ) .45 " Colt Automatic M1911 Tracer M1 ( USA ) .45 " Colt Automatic M1911 Ball Metal - Piercing ( USA ) .45 " Colt Automatic M1911 KTW Metal - Piercing ( USA ) .45 " Colt Automatic M1911 Armor - Piercing ( ABC ) ( USA ) .45 " Colt Automatic M1911 Velet Exploding Bullet ( USA ) .45 " Colt Automatic M1911 High - Explosive ( USA ) .45 " Winchester Magnum Ball ( USA ) .50 " Action Express ( USA ) CLICK ON THE CARTRIDGE TO REACH THE WEB PAGE 5,45 mm x 40 - 23 mm x 152B 14.5 mm x 114 12.7 mm x 108 7.62 mm x 54R 7.62 mm x 39 5.45 mm x 40 5.45 mm x 18 PSM 7.62 mm x 25 9 mm x 18 MAKAROV 5.56 mm x 45 - 25 mm x 137 .50 " Browning .300 " Blackout - .300 " H&H - .338 " Lapua Magnum 7.62 mm x 51 NATO 5.56 mm x 45 NATO 9 mm x 19 ( 9 mm PARABELLUM ) HANDGUN REVOLVER .5 " VICKERS & .55 " BOYS .303 " R IFLE & MG .30 " M1906 SPRINGFIELD .30 " CARBINE ( M1 CARBINE ) 7.9mm/7.92 mm MAUSER 6.5 mm , 7.7 mm , 7.9 mm ( JAPAN ) 6.5 mm - 8 mm ( WW2 MISCELLANEOUS ) Armor Products Security Products HOMEPAGE EXPORT ORDERS WILL BE QUOTED FOR DIRECTLY WITHOUT V.A.T .
I recently spent three hyper - stimulated hours at the Exploratorium in San Francisco .
The Exploratorium is a hands - on museum , with devices and experiments that you usually only find in the proximity of " cool " high school science teachers with missing fingers .
Various exhibits involving dry ice , piles of sand and other edu- thrilling materials allow you to observe all sorts of scientific principles .
Have you ever spent an afternoon wondering why honeycombs are shaped the way they are ?
Then it 's time you discovered something called television , and the Exploratorium can tell you how it works !
Alt Text Podcast
Download audio files and subscribe to the Alt Text podcast .
The latest Exploratorium exhibit is called The Mind , and it explores those precious 3 pounds of gray matter that keep our skulls from making a marimba sound when we hit our head on the car door .
I learned something I 've always suspected :
The mind is a cruel , lying , unreliable bastard that can't be trusted with even an ounce of responsibility .
If you were dating the mind , all your friends would take you aside , and tell you that you can really do better , and being alone is n't all that bad , anyway .
If you hired the mind as a babysitter , you would come home to find all but one of your children in critical condition , and the remaining one crowned " King of the Pit . "
Let 's start with memory .
It does n't exist .
What you think of as your childhood memories are actually a haphazard pastiche of self - serving fictions , hazy re-creations and repurposed movie scenes held together with a minimal smattering of actual experiences .
If you tell your mother about your Christmas memory of getting a new purple bicycle from Uncle Barnett , she will tell you that it was actually Aunt Minnie , and it was a red Go Kart .
Whose memory is correct ?
Neither of yours !
Go look at your family photos , and you 'll discover that you were actually raised by hoboes in an abandoned train station in rural Turkey .
Perception ?
Perception is laughable .
Did you ever , as a child , try to write a book report based on a quick reading of the first chapter and cover copy of a novel ?
That 's perception .
Your mind takes in a constant geyser of data every instant of the day , discards most of it as unimportant , then fills in the spaces with assumptions and diversions .
If your perception were a sausage , it would be classified by the Food and Drug Administration as a pork - flavored sawdust tube .
A parade of thugs and fashion critics could pass through your living room without you noticing , provided you were distracted by a sufficiently shiny piece of tinfoil .
Self - perception ?
One exhibit at the Exploratorium was able to convince me , in just 30 seconds , that a bronze sculpture of a hand was an actual part of my body .
Thanks , mind !
Good work there , getting my physical self mixed up with a cheap sculpture .
I fully expect that one of these days my mind is going to convince me that my desk lamp is an extension of my physical body , and I 'll electrocute myself bringing it into the hot tub .
How about decision - making ?
At least you have free will , the ability to rise above the limitations of your mind , right ?
You 're precious when you lie to yourself .
The fact is that by the time you actually think you 're making a decision , a shadowy cabal of hormones and electrical currents have already set you on your course .
I 'm not just talking about fight - or - flight level stuff here .
Even your hour - long diatribe about Neutral Milk Hotel that had everyone at the party last week checking their cellphones for new messages was delivered to you by some attention - deprived corner of your unconscious mind .
I learned that , in the end , you can't trust what you see , you can't trust what you know , and you can't even trust your sense of self .
Sure , on some level you think , therefore you are , but when it comes down to it , all you really are is the Betty Crocker on the cake mix of your own existence , a pleasant fiction wrapped around a container of chemicals and carbon .
So , all in all , it was a pretty cool visit .
- - -
Born helpless , nude and unable to provide for himself , Lore Sjöberg eventually overcame these handicaps to become a figurehead , a figure skater and a figure 8 .
Fab Food Tech : A Molecular Gastronomy FAQK
More ' Filthy ' Games to Drive Fox News Crazy
Tiptoeing Through the Minefield of Movie Spoilers
A Geek Yearns for Yesteryear 's Noisy Gear
Foolproof Online Dating Tips for Desperate Guys
Using jQuery for Background Image Animations
After reading Dave Shea 's article on CSS Sprites using jQuery to produce animation effects , I felt like playing around with things to see what could be done but accomplish it with a simpler HTML structure ( no need for adding superfluous tags ) and simpler code , too .
Changing the position of the background image felt to be the best approach to creating the type of effect we 're looking for ( and I 'm not the first to think so : see the examples at the end of this article ) .
j Query is a great library for this type of task but out of the box , it can't animate background position properly because of the need to animate two values instead of just one ( too bad not all browsers implemented the non-standard background - position - x and -y like Internet Explorer ) .
You 'll have to use the Background - Position plugin that is linked in the demo ( the original plugin is no longer available on the jQuery site ) .
Previous versions did n't support negative or decimal values properly .
The HTML
Nobody likes adding extra HTML to pull off all the fancy stuff and therefore , we 're looking at a very simple unordered list :
< ul > < li > < a href= " # " >
Home </a></li> < li >< a href= " # " > About </a></li> < li >< a href= " # " >
Contact</a></li> </ul >
The Basic CSS
For this , I 've just floated the navigation and set each of the links to display block with a little padding .
Nothing fancy ( which is the whole point ) .
ul { list - style : none ; margin:0 ; padding :0 ; }
li { float : left ; width : 100 px ; margin:0 ; padding : 0 ; text - align : center ; }
li a { display : block ; padding : 5 px 10 px ; height :100 % ; color : #FFF ; text - decoration : none ; border - right : 1 px solid # FFF ; }
li a { background : url ( bg.jpg ) repeat 0 0 ; }
li a :hover { background - position : 50 px 0 ; }
Notice that a hover state has been declared .
Users who visit the page without JavaScript will , at least , still be able to view the final state .
I 've declared the background on the li a separately to make it stand out , but an initial background position needs to be set along with the background image you want to use for the effect .
The Image
You can pull off different types of effects by creating your image in a particular fashion .
Figure 1 : The Swipe
In Figure 1 , the before and after states are on the left and right but a simple slant can create an interesting effect .
Figure 2 : The Fade
Figure 2 is a little more elaborate .
The amount of visible space in the normal and hover states are at the very top and bottom of the image .
The large gradient in the middle generates a fade - in / out effect when animated over time .
The larger the gradient , the less it'll feel like it 's moving in from the bottom and feel more like it 's actually fading in and out .
The simplicity of the image allows the file size to be small , as well .
More complex animations with more colour depth would require a larger file size .
Always strike a balance between the effect and performance .
Check out the demo page to see how these two effects ( and a couple others ) look in action .
The Script
Finally , the script to put this altogether is really straightforward .
The animation needs to run when the user moves their mouse over and out of the navigation .
$ ( ' # nav a ' ) .css ( { backgroundPosition : " 0 0 " } ) .mouseover ( function ( ) { $ ( this ) .stop ( ) .animate ( { backgroundPosition : " ( 0 - 250 px ) " } , { duration :500} ) } ) .mouseout ( function ( ) { $ ( this ) .stop ( ) .animate ( { backgroundPosition : " (0 0 ) " } , { duration :500} ) })
The elements are captured via the $ function and given a default CSS .
This is necessary for both Internet Explorer and Firefox 2 , which do n't report the default background position .
In IE , you can get around the issue using background - position - x and -y but it 's easier just to set the initial values in the script .
Then the elements are animated using the mouseover and mouseout events .
The key thing to note is that any animation is stopped before attempting to animate again .
This avoids animations queuing up from repeatedly moving the mouse in and out of the element .
j Query also has a hover method which can be used instead of separately using the mouseover and mouseout methods .
The reason I did n't was because I like the clarity that is provided by explicitly declaring them .
The hover method takes two parameters : the function to run when over and the function to run when out .
The Demo
On the demo page , I 've created four separate animations .
Just hop to the source to see how it was all put together .
Other jQuery Examples
As mentioned , I 'm certainly not the first to come up with this idea .
Check out these other resources for more jQuery navigation animation exploration .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Asif Ali Zardari , the widower of former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto , has won a sweeping victory in Pakistan 's presidential election .
The election was called after Pervez Musharraf resigned rather than risk being impeached .
Mr Zardari faces severe economic problems and a rampant Islamist insurgency that is threatening Pakistan 's stability .
During the voting , a bomb killed at least 30 people near Peshawar city .
The president is elected by secret ballots in the national and four provincial assemblies .
Mr Zardari won 481 votes out of 702 , far more than the 352 votes that would have guaranteed him victory , leaving his two rivals trailing far behind .
In Sindh province , Mr Zardari won all 65 votes .
In North West Frontier Province ( NWFP ) he got 56 out of the 65 votes .
In Balochistan province he won 59 of the 65 votes .
By contrast he only won 22 out of 65 seats in Punjab province , the heartland of former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif 's PML - N party .
The two daughters of Mr Zardari and Ms Bhutto hugged friends in delight in the gallery of the national assembly as the results became clear .
Members of Mr Zardari's Pakistan People 's Party ( PPP ) declared the result to be a " victory for democracy " .
Controversy Mr Zardari was thrust into the centre of political power by the killing of Ms Bhutto last December after which he became head of the PPP .
WHO VOTES FOR PRESIDENT ?
Total votes : 702 National Assembly 342 votes Senate 100 votes
Four provincial assemblies 65 votes each Winner needs simple majority of votes
What Pakistanis think ' Master plan ' to save Pakistan Q&A : Presidential poll Send us your comments
The BBC's Barbara Plett in Islamabad says that in recent months Mr Zardari has shown skill by forging a large coalition and using it to peacefully unseat President Musharraf .
Mr Zardari is one of Pakistan 's most controversial politicians .
For years he has been hounded by allegations of massive corruption - although he has never been convicted .
Former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif took his PML - N party out of the governing coalition last week , accusing Mr Zardari of breaking key promises .
Many in Pakistan fear the country is facing a return to an old - style politics of confrontation at a time when urgent action is needed to improve the economy and deal with a raging Islamist insurgency .
Juggling demands Mr Zardari is seen as pro-Western and supportive of Washington 's self - declared war on terror .
He will have to juggle the demands of the United States , Pakistan 's powerful army , and strong anti-American sentiment in the country .
Nawaz Sharif 's coalition with Mr Zardari did not last long
Our correspondent says Mr Musharraf tried to do that and failed .
She adds that Pakistanis hope that Asif Zardari will have more success , but they see little in his past to encourage them .
The fortunes of the Bhutto - Zardari family have fluctuated dramatically .
Mr Zardari spent years in prison while Gen Musharraf ruled Pakistan .
Benazir Bhutto was assassinated at an election rally in December .
Her father , Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto , was hanged during the military dictatorship of President Ziaul Haq .
A further reminder of the dangers of public life in Pakistan came on Wednesday when gunmen attacked the motorcade of the prime minister .
Two bullets hit his car , although he was not in it at the time officials say .
The other candidates for the presidency were Saeeduz Zaman Siddiqui , a former judge who had the backing of Mr Sharif , and Mushahid Hussain Sayed , who was nominated by the PML - Q party that supported Mr Musharraf .
In the Islamabad parliament , members of the upper house , the Senate , were due to vote first , followed by the lower house .
Pakistan 's four provincial assemblies of Sindh , Punjab , Balochistan and the NWFP had a similar schedule .
However , voting in the NWFP capital , Peshawar , was delayed when a 5.6 magnitude earthquake hit the area and neighbouring Afghanistan , prompting deputies to flee the assembly building .
The provincial assemblies are given equal weighting with 65 votes each .
In the three assemblies which do not have 65 deputies , the value of each deputy 's vote is adjusted by a mathematical formula .
There is only one round of voting and whoever has most of the 702 votes wins .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Some expansion packs offer more of the same , but Spore Galactic Adventures is not one of them .
In fact , it adds an entirely new facet of gameplay to the original game 's space stage : adventures that beam your captain onto a planetary surface and send you on a short series of quests .
The expansion comes with plenty of such adventures , and there are already developer - commissioned adventures ready to download for free .
However , if you enjoyed making your own creatures and buildings in the original Spore , you 'll probably also get into the expansion 's adventure creation capabilities , which offer imaginative players a set of fantastic tools to express their creativity .
Like all of Spore 's creation tools , the adventure creator is robust , though learning its intricacies takes some time .
There are some nagging issues scattered throughout this otherwise excellent package .
However , the new adventures and tools bring the charms of the creature stage into the space stage , and a leveling - up mechanic for your captain results in a welcome sense of progression .
The new adventures are accessible on their own via an in - game menu , but they work better when integrated into Spore 's space phase .
Adventure missions are available along with other mission types , and when you take one , you fly to the target planet and beam onto its surface .
Adventures are somewhat akin to Spore 's creature phase :
You maneuver your space captain about and have access to movement , social , and attack abilities as you do in the earlier phase .
However , adventures are generally short and focus on role - playing - game - like tasks .
These include talking to other creatures , fetching them items , attacking and befriending them , protecting them from harm , and so on .
You can also take a crewmember ( or two or three ) , whom you can recruit from your allies in the space stage .
It may be simple , but it's also charming and engaging , thanks to the hysterical sound effects and appealing visual style .
The game 's best built - in adventures have you accomplishing tasks from learning how bills become laws in a cute Schoolhouse Rock !
spoof to getting a band back together just in time for its big concert .
Some of them are n't quite as good , and a few are a little buggy , such as a Godzilla - themed adventure in which pathfinding issues may force you to exit .
However , adventures give the space stage welcome charisma and variety , which are qualities the game needed more of in that portion .
If you were into Spore 's crafting elements , you now have a new , extensive , and incredibly robust toolset at your disposal : the adventure creator .
Warning :
There 's a much bigger learning curve here than in any of Spore 's other creation tools .
However , if you take the time to experiment with it , you 'll find that this exciting toolset offers incredible possibilities to players with an imagination .
The ways you can customize the planet alone are astounding .
Using the extensive terraforming and atmospheric options , you can mold the environments as you see fit .
Populate the world with creatures of your own or download what you need from other players ; create themed villages and drop in any building you can find or make ; throw in special effects , music , and objects .
Then , use behavioral buttons and sliders to make them act and interact as you like and give them dialogue .
Drag and drop goals onto each , separate the adventure into acts , and soon you 'll have an adventure to call your own .
Before , you got to play as God and architect ; now , you get to play as game designer too .
The toolset takes some getting used to , but it 's intuitive and fun to use , and you may find yourself glued to the screen for hours at a time watching your vision come to life .
In our time with the tool , we created a short adventure at a school of magic , as well as a more extensive one that re-created the story of Perseus and Medusa from Greek mythology .
The game makes it easy to test as you go , so while it is possible to make mistakes that render your adventure unbeatable , the game gives you helpful tools to keep things on track .
You can't think too big , however .
Levels can only be so complex , and the eight - act limit keeps you from getting too detailed .
Thus , act - based limits in how you can order tasks and set creature behavior may hinder your pie - in - the - sky daydreams .
Getting the bottom of large buildings to be flush with the terrain can also be a chore , even when you take full advantage of the terrain - leveling tools .
Other drawbacks become obvious when you play out your adventures , as well .
Sensitive collision detection can make it a hassle to move around in areas with lots of objects , and mediocre pathfinding can make using the " follow " command on AI creatures an iffy proposition .
And clearly , not every object was created to be seen up close .
It can take a few moments for some textures to pop in -- an issue that becomes more noticeable as you add multiple larger objects to the planet .
Thankfully , Spore 's fantastic animations and friendly visual presentation make that a relatively minor gripe .
Playing the best adventures is good cause for celebration .
The other main addition to Galactic Adventures is less exciting than the adventure creator , but it 's still appreciated .
Now , your space captain will level up as you roam about the galaxy and take on adventures .
When you earn enough points , you can choose from a variety of cool upgrades to equip , such as weapons , social accessories , and armor .
This adjunct provides a nice sense of progression to the space stage , and it ties into the adventure portion of the game because harder adventures require a more powerful ( and properly equipped ) captain .
There 's an inherent disadvantage to the way this assimilation works , however :
You may not always be able to finish an adventure at a particular time .
If you choose to play a stand - alone quest from the main menu , your captain of choice may not be equipped in ways that allow you to finish it .
Provided you are leveling up your captain within the space stage , however , this wo n't be much of a problem .
And just like with creatures , buildings , and so on , your adventures can be shared online .
As you fly about the universe , you will experience player - created adventures , and your own will be pulled into the galaxies of other players as well .
The integration , as expected , is excellent .
While getting a search error is all too common when looking for new goodies , Spore 's online assimilation is still unsurpassed in PC gaming .
The community is still going strong , and judging from the number of comments we received on uploaded adventures , players are eager to try out as many adventures as they can .
If you 're one of them , Spore Galactic Adventures is a must - play , some obvious issues notwithstanding .
It 's as charming as you would want from a Spore expansion , but more importantly , it offers something truly new , rather than more of what came before .
Peter Moore thought he could win the console war with Dreamcast .
He was wrong .
Sony 's ingenious PR foiled his plans , but for Moore , this was just the beginning .
Part
Two of our interview , takes him from the collapse of Dreamcast to the heights of Microsoft 's ambitions for Xbox - ambitions that could well have destroyed the Nintendo we know today ...
What was the key lesson you took out of the failure of Dreamcast ?
You know , failure 's a tough word !
It did n't quite get there .
I was angry with Sony at the time , but in their shoes I probably would have done the same thing .
They did a tremendous job – and it's a story they repeated in 2005 with Killzone – where they promised the consumer something they probably believed they were going to deliver , but they never did .
PlayStation 2 - it was the emotion engine it was games coming to life , Real Player was going to be on there , a full network browser … and they just never delivered .
But what they did was place doubt in the consumers ' mind .
It was pre-emptive guerrilla PR , in the same way that three E3s ago I got lambasted for what I did with Xbox for 360 , because I was determined we were going to show real footage even if it was alpha or beta .
And then Sony came up with that Killzone video – and they still have n't shipped the game !
Have you seen the video ?!
The game will never be the video !
But what they did again was they placed doubt .
I mean it 's a classic PR tactic .
So going back to Dreamcast vs PS2 , you felt the impetus slipping away …
It was a horrible period because , all of a sudden , you could sense consumers thinking twice about Dreamcast .
I was $ 199 , it was the first online console , we had some great games – SoulCalibur , Sonic Adventure , Trickstyle , Ready 2 Rumble .
When you look at them today , you chuckle , but they were on the cutting edge graphically at that time …
But [ Sony ] were brilliant at FUD – you know , fear uncertainty and doubt .
It was a massive FUD campaign .
The consumer thought twice and they started to read , ' can the Dreamcast make it ? '
It had a tough time in Europe , it had a really disastrous time in Japan .
My job was … my personality was such that I 'll go up and start being a little more on the front foot …
It was like , ' well , what do you do ? '
You just do it yourself .
You start talking , you do n't wait for the Japanese to give you messaging – because PR is something they do n't do very well , they just do n't do that concept of messaging and having passion around the message – the only thing we could do was be passionate .
But it was too little too late unfortunately .
So you were at Sega for another two years after that …
Yeah , my job was to transition the company from being a hardware company , which it had been for two decades , and off I go to Nintendo and Sony …
Was that a difficult time ?
It was not optimistic .
We had developers , Yuji Naka , Yu Suzuki , all these people who had never worked on anything other than first - party hardware .
And now we 're saying you need to go multi-platform , and it was just not comfortable for them whatsoever .
You do n't just one day say ' well we 're just going to go from our Dreamcast dev kits to our PS2 or Xbox . '
Microsoft set up a deal for us and we started to work on things like Crazy Taxi and bringing them over to Xbox – we did I think an 11 title deal .
And in the end you fell out with your bosses in Japan , because they were still relying on arcade conversions when the rest of the world was playing GTA .
But how did this lead to your arrival at Microsoft ?
Robbie Bach called me to wish me a merry Christmas and asked how I was doing .
I said I 'm not too good , I 'm fed up of trying to convince Japan that we need to either go off and hire western developers or really change what we 're publishing and developing in Japan , because the western world is really starting to take over , and the Japanese developers were being marginalized .
And Robbie said well if you would ever consider coming here , there 's a home for you at Microsoft .
So in January ( 2003 ) I flew up there and had lunch with Steve Ballmer and you do n't say no to Ballmer .
We had a great lunch and he convinced me that Microsoft was going to take on Sony ; so I get to put on my suit of armour , get on my horse and take on Sony again – but with a little bit more money this time !
And I said yes .
Was Ballmer interested in what you 'd achieved at Sega or in your attitude as a businessman ?
He wanted my attitude , he did n't care what I 'd achieved at Sega , he wanted to know how I was going to win for Microsoft , how we were going to take on Sony , how would we compete with – or acquire – Nintendo .
Those were the conversations in those days .
It was a classic build or buy conversation .
Xbox had launched but it was an aggressive black box for shooters , and how do we evolve that , how do we build the next Xbox , how do we get after Sony ?
Interestingly , we were just completely fixated on Sony – Nintendo did n't even come into the conversation .
But Steve was very compelling , particularly when you 're one - on - one with him in his office – we talked about what we 'd done to compete with Sony , where I felt their weaknesses were .
But the bigger picture for Steve was , we need to get into the world of consumer entertainment .
There 's a role for Microsoft to play , we truly believe in Xbox as being something that can … there was a little bit of a concern with Sony – we wanted to keep them out of the living room , from a software and services perspective .
And then I started work at Microsoft on February 1 2003 .
And what did Ballmer hope you 'd bring to the table ?
I had on - the - ground fighting experience in Japan , so when I started , I took over Japan , because we were just a disaster there .
And then being British I also had the European group and then it quickly evolved into a global role , running Xbox Worldwide .
But in me , you 're not getting a ' poring through Excel spreadsheets '- type of guy .
You get the face of the business , someone who can be there in a broader role , leadership , speak for the business , give it a little bit of personality - and then you hope that the smart people then bring it all along behind you .
And , boy , there are plenty of smart people at Microsoft .
So we built the 360 , and those were tremendous times .
We were watching the clay models being built , trying to decide what to call it .
Doing the mnemonic shhhhh noise when it boots up – I can remember sitting in a room listening to 50 little one second mnemonic noises til we got it right .
A whole day working on that .
And then , the shape of the 360 , we actually built 20 prototypes to confuse the bloggers – we took pictures of them all and then we just spread them around the web , just to confuse everybody .
And then one day in Redmond I said , ' I 'm sick of consoles being launched with massively expensive ad campaigns , I 'm going to do this differently ' .
So I called up MTV , because my relationships were still good from the VMAs , and I said , ' can I do a 30 minute show ' …
I said to my head of PR , we 're not going to launch this like any other console , we 're going to do it on MTV , we 're going to do a 30 minute show – I did n't use the term infomercial but that 's what it ended up being .
And then we built a thing called Zero Hour .
We went out to Area 51 and took over a hanger and we said , we 're going to talk to the community in a very different way - we 're going to pick 5000 people – I think we did it online – and they 're all going to drive out to the Californian desert where UFOs are usually spotted , and we 're going to take over one of the world 's biggest hangers - it was phenomenal .
And for 24 hours before we launched we let people play with the games , thousands of fans – we did it at a grassroots level rather than the big glitzy affair with Dreamcast – we really re-defined the way a console is launched .
Were you specifically responding to the growth of the blogging culture ?
Yes , because we wanted online – we knew we were going to build Xbox Live and we were going to build it even more aggressively than we did on Xbox .
I do n't think the word blog existed back in 2003 , but we knew we had to talk to our community .
The brand had to evolve from black and aggressive - it needed to be organic .
We went to Japan and worked with a company called Hers to give us that concave shape - when you look at it , it relaxes you .
We took all the sharp edges out - otherwise we were going to get the same 25 million people and lose the same two billion dollars again .
You need to scale the business .
And then we went and did three of the wackiest TV commercials you 've ever seen .
One was Standoff , which in fact you never saw because it was banned .
Well , it was n't banned , I could n't get it through Microsoft – one of the greatest videogame commercials ever .
I thought it was brilliant .
We filmed it in Buenos Aires in a railway station - we loved this idea of play and we came up with this idea of ' Jump In ' as a tagline .
We wanted to do ads that had nothing to do with videogames , we did n't want to advertise videogames , we wanted to advertise fun .
But Standoff was a little different , it was a little risky .
I showed it one morning to the head of corporate marketing at Microsoft and she said , ' over my dead body will you ever run this spot on TV ' .
I went ballistic – it's cops and robbers , it 's cowboys and Indians , it 's what we did as kids !
But we never ran it … we did n't need to because it 's been seen millions of times on YouTube ...
That 's how we got the Xbox 360 out – and you 're talking multi-billion dollar risks , taking on Sony … and it was n't just videogames , it was , where does Microsoft go in the home ?
And what is the tip of the spear ?
Well , it 's Xbox 360 – and Xbox Live was going to be – and it is – the biggest social network ever attached to a television – that was the concept we were always working to .
The developments indicate that chief executives on Wall Street and regulators in Washington are accepting that massive triage is necessary in the face of the 13 - month old credit crisis and destructive U.S. housing bust .
" The U.S. financial system is finding the tectonic plates underneath its foundation are shifting like they have never shifted before , " said Peter Kenny , managing director at Knight Equity Markets in Jersey City , New Jersey .
"
It 's a new financial world on the verge of a complete reorganization . "
On Sunday , growing expectations that Lehman will become Wall Street 's most high profile bankruptcy since junk bond specialist Drexel Burnham Lambert collapsed in 1990 sparked a sell - off in U.S. asset prices .
Lehman 's announced it was filing for bankruptcy midnight Sunday .
Both US stock futures and the dollar plunged in reaction to the turmoil on Wall Street .
Sunday 's events signalled a transformation in the power structure on Wall Street with major banking groups like Bank of America , which has agreed to buy Merrill for $ 50 billion , and JPMorgan Chase becoming more dominant .
Once Lehman and Merrill disappear , three of the top five U.S. investment banks would have dissolved or been bought inside six months .
Bear Stearns was acquired in a fire sale by JPMorgan in March .
The focus early Sunday was on whether talks between regulators and Wall Street 's top bankers would lead to the sale of Lehman , until recently the No. 4 U.S. investment bank .
Commodity regulators in Washington on Thursday accused a Dutch trading company of manipulating the prices of crude oil , heating oil and gasoline over an 11 - day period last year .
The scheme , which the defendants referred to in conversations caught on tape as a plan to “ bully the market , ” produced illegal profits of more than $ 1 million , according to regulators .
On at least five occasions , global benchmark prices of those products settled at artificial levels , they said .
Though the price movements were small and the scheme was detected within days , the case is still likely to resonate in Washington .
The Senate has been debating proposals to tackle high oil prices by curbing market speculation  and lawmakers , at more than 40 hearings this year , have repeatedly demanded tougher enforcement by market regulators .
Unlike many manipulation cases , which typically involve obscure commodities in less - liquid markets , this complaint accuses the defendants of affecting , however briefly , the final prices in important energy markets that are generally considered too big to manipulate .
Home » Blogs » kellym78 's blog Christians in Texas Command Hurricane Ike to Stop Submitted by kellym78 on September 11 , 2008 - 8:41 pm .
A group of Christians from Windsor Village United Methodist Church in Houston , Texas , has decided to call upon the Almighty to stop the advancement of Hurricane Ike into Houston .
By beseeching the assistance of Jesus , the alleged son of God , they have " power and authority to affect the weather , " says one churchgoer upon questioning .
When asked how it came to be known that they possessed this extraordinary ability , the answer was simple : faith .
While it may seem absurd to claim any knowledge of this power since it has not been borne out by evidence of any kind , faith is all the evidence these believers need .
Rev. Caldwell , pastor of the church , says , " It is definitely by faith that we know that we have an impact . "
Their church recently held a prayer meeting in order to officially command Ike to cease and desist its approach into the Houston area .
Some participants claimed to have calmed Edouard and sent hurricane Gustav into southern Louisiana .
No explanation was given for the Almighty 's lack of regard for the residents in that area .
Other incredulous residents have demanded proof .
" If they do have this power , then they should be using it for the good of all , possibly even 24 hours a day for weather all over the world , " says one of these skeptics .
Another person suffered mild oxygen deprivation and was nearly hospitalized after hearing the news due to sanguinea , or excessive laughter .
Overall , the reaction has ranged from anger to hilarity .
Some are simply curious .
In order to quell the doubts of the faithless , it is the responsibility of the members of Windsor Village UMC and all others who feel that they possess this power to gather en masse and put this argument to rest .
Staying in the Houston area and commanding this " satanic " storm to stop is not only the right thing to do for the sake of all of the residents of this heavily populated area , it will also prove the veracity of their claims .
The existence of such a power could have life - saving potential for people all over the world , and the brave men and women here should do all they can for the benefit of humanity -- gather together on the beaches of Houston , Galveston , wherever this storm is predicted to make landfall , and push it back with the power of prayer .
With more knowledge of this phenomenon , we can all look forward to a future free from natural disasters and other , shall we say , acts of God. ( portions of the above are parody )
If you are interested in helping to stop Hurricane Ike , the following prayer is the official " Severe Weather Prayer " being used : Dear Believer , Stand in your front or back yard , extend your hand in the direction of the Gulf of Mexico and speak to Hurricane Ike .
Pray with the authority that has been given to you in Jesus Christ and pray in faith .
Please pray this prayer out loud and with fervency and determination .
God has placed
His power in our verbal expressions so lift up your voice .
Believe that your prayers will produce results in Jesus ’ name .
Please pray this prayer 1 - 2 times per day .
Thank you , in advance , for standing on the wall for Houston .
A Prayer Against Hurricane Ike Father , there is none like You .
You are great and Your Name is great in might .
Who would not fear You , O King of the nations ?
This is Your rightful due .
Among all the wise men of the nations and in all their kingdoms there is none like You .
We acknowledge You as Lord over the United States .
Thank
You for blessing our great city .
Thank
You for Your continued love , grace , and provision .
Using the authority given to us in the Name of Jesus , we speak to Hurricane Ike and we command the winds and storms to dissipate .
We command the peace of God to be still within Hurricane Ike and we declare that Ike will not bring harm or devastation to Houston and the surrounding coastal areas .
Lord , we ask
You to touch the heart of every believer in this area to pray against this hurricane .
Father , please forgive us for our many sins .
Please forgive disobedience , rebellion , unbelief , forms of idolatry , shedding of innocent blood , and the rejection of Your Son , Jesus Christ .
God have mercy on the Houston Metropolitan Area .
Lord , help us to overcome our temptations and deliver us from this impending destruction .
We ask You to destroy every satanic assignment against us .
Now to You , the King Eternal , Immortal , Invisible , to You who alone is wise be honor and glory forever and ever .
In Jesus ’ Name , Amen .
Scripture References for the Written Text : Jeremiah 10:6 - 7 , Mark 4:39 , Matthew 6:13 , I Timothy 1:17 Quote : THE NON - PARODY RESPONSE :
For the full story from the weather channel , click here .
Atheist Books
“ It ’s not just the limitation of dollars when you accept public financing , it ’s the limitations that go with that spending , ” said Tad Devine , a senior strategist for Senator John Kerry ’s presidential campaign in 2004 .
Mr. Devine added that choosing to accept public financing was the Kerry campaign ’s single biggest mistake because it limited the campaign ’s resources .
The McCain campaign had by far its best fund - raising month ever in August , when it collected $ 47 million for its coffers and $ 22 million for the party , finishing the month with more than $ 100 million in the bank that will now be at the disposal of the R.N.C. , according to several finance officials .
McCain fund - raisers said they also hope to raise an additional $ 100 million for the party in September and in October , taking advantage of the sizable contribution limits for the party .
The party ’s Internet fund - raising has also picked up significantly since the announcement that Ms. Palin would join the Republican ticket .
Combined with the $ 84 million from public financing , that would leave the McCain campaign with about $ 300 million at its disposal .
A recent e-mail message to McCain fund - raisers unveiled new incentives to spur them in their final push .
For the primary , anyone who raised $ 100,000 or more earned the title of Trailblazer , while those who raised $ 250,000 or more became Innovators .
Now Trailblazers who raise another $ 100,000 for the party for the general election can become Super - Trailblazers , and Innovators who raise another $ 250,000 earn the title of Super - Innovators .
Officials have also sketched out plans for Ms. Palin to do some 35 fund - raisers over the next two months .
Mr. McCain will be dispatched for only four major fund - raisers : one on Monday night in Chicago , in which the party raised about $ 4 million ; another next week in Miami , then Los Angeles and New York in October , finance officials said .
But even if the McCain finance team , led by Lewis M. Eisenberg , a former Goldman Sachs executive , and Wayne L. Berman , a Washington lobbyist , meets its goals , the campaign will have complete control over only the $ 84 million from the federal government , as well as $ 19 million in party money that is permitted to be used in coordination with the campaign .
The Republican Party can spend unlimited amounts of its money independent of the McCain campaign .
It can also split the costs of so - called hybrid advertisements with the campaign , commercials that must promote not only Mr. McCain but also other Republicans down the ticket , something media strategists said could be ineffective when trying to create a cohesive message .
Nevertheless , McCain fund - raisers pointed out the pressure is now on the Obama campaign to raise far more than it ever has before .
WASHINGTON  News reports about the upheaval in the world of finance have been full of esoteric terms like “ mortgage - backed securities ” and “ credit - default swaps , ” but the crisis has resonated for people who know little about Wall Street and who did not think they would ever have to know .
Here are several questions and answers of concern to Main Street Americans :
Q . The bailout program being negotiated by the Bush administration and Congressional leaders calls for the government to spend up to $ 700 billion to buy distressed mortgages .
How did the politicians come up with that number , and could it go higher ?
A . The recovery package cannot go higher than $ 700 billion without additional legislation .
As for that figure , it lies between the optimistic estimate of $ 500 billion and the pessimistic guess of $ 1 trillion about the cost of fixing the financial mess .
But the $ 700 billion is in addition to an $ 85 billion agreement on a bailout of the insurance giant American International Group , plus $ 29 billion in support that the government pledged in the marriage of Bear Stearns and JPMorgan Chase .
On top of all that , the Congressional Budget Office says the federal bailout of the mortgage finance companies Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac could cost $ 25 billion .
Q. Who , really , is going to come up with the $ 700 billion ?
A. American taxpayers will come up with the money , although if you are bullish on America in the long run , there is reason to hope that the tab will be less than $ 700 billion .
After the Treasury buys up those troubled mortgages , it will try to resell them to investors .
The Treasury ’s involvement in the crisis and the speed with which Congress is responding could generate long - range optimism and raise the value of those mortgages , although it is impossible to say by how much .
So it would not be correct to think of the federal government as simply writing a check for $ 700 billion .
It is just committing itself to spend that much , if necessary .
But the bottom line is , yes , this bailout could cost American taxpayers a lot of money .
Dispute among Islam Scholars Did Muhammad Ever Really Live ?
A number of Islamic associations have put a quick end to their collaboration with a professor -- and trainer of people who are supposed to teach Islam in German high schools -- who has expressed his doubt that Muhammad ever lived .
Islam scholar Michael Marx spoke with SPIEGEL ONLINE about what lies behind the debate and the historical person of the Prophet .
Hmmm .
What ’s a candidate to do when poll numbers are dropping , and the thing on everyone ’s mind is a subject ( the economy ) you ’ve recently admitted you do n’t know much about , and you ’re about to be asked questions about it in front of an audience of tens of millions of potential voters ?
Tricky situation .
If you answered “ flee the scene ” , you ’re thinking like John McCain .
He has now announced that because of the country ’s economic meltdown , he will suspend his campaign , to fly to Washington to work on banking legislation .
He wants the first of three presidential debates with Barack Obama , scheduled for this Friday , to be postponed .
The decision was spun perfectly by Republican Senator Orrin Hatch :
“ This is the John McCain I know , ” Hatch said in an interview on MSNBC ’s “ Hardball . ”
“ He is willing to risk election to do what ’s right for the country . ”
So ,
McCain really is his “ old self ”
He ’s acting like he knows about the economy , and He ’s putting “ country first . ”
That ’s the story .
Not bad .
A three - fer .
What say you , Senator Obama ?
“ In my mind , it ’s more important than ever that we present ourselves to the American people and describe where we want to take the country and where we want to take the economy . ”
“ But what about dealing with the economy now ?
How can you POSsibly think about the economy and the debate at the same time ?
Is n’t that irresponsible ?
Why , why do you hate your country Senator Obama ? ?? ” the McCain campaign would like you to ask .
“ It ’s going to be part of the president ’s job to be able to deal with more than one thing at once , ” Obama reminds us .
Game .
Set. Match .
Even though Obama has demonstrated incontrovertibly that he is a Democrat with a spine , and came out with the only appropriate reaction to this unprecedented request from McCain , Democrats should not let their guard down .
Something still seems fishy .
Will McCain somehow , magically , get credited with brokering a compromise that will solve the economic woes of the nation ?
Will he be painted as the guy in the red cape who rescued us from the big bad bankers who ’ve been playing fast and loose with the hard - earned money of the American people ?
Is this going to be the October surprise ?
Or will Palin ’s friend Pastor Muthee lay hands on the economy , pray for a miracle , and expel the witches that may be responsible for this whole mess ?
Obama has called their bluff .
What ’s the next move in the chess match ?
We ’ll see before Friday .
A glitch in a test version of Facebook 's Web site inadvertently exposed the birthdays of Facebook 's 80 million members this week .
The bug was discovered over the weekend by Sophos Senior Technology Consultant Graham Cluley .
While checking out Facebook 's new design , Cluley noticed that the birth dates of some of his privacy - obsessed acquaintances were popping up when they should have been hidden .
Facebook allows users to control who sees private information such as their birth date , which can be a valuable nugget of data for identity thieves .
But Cluley discovered that the new site was making this information public to other members .
" Their new profile page essentially ignored the privacy setting to withhold the data of birth , " he said .
" For a brief period of time , a small number of users were able to access a private beta of Facebook 's new site design meant only for developers .
During that time , some of those users had their birthdays revealed due to a bug , " Facebook said Wednesday in a statement .
The company could not say exactly how long this data was exposed or how many people viewed the beta site , but the bug was patched within hours of Cluley 's discovery .
Facebook may intend for the beta site to be private , but it has been open to the general public for several days .
It features a new profile design that should be rolled out as an option to Facebook users some time this week .
Cluley himself did not consider this a major data breach , but he said it should serve as a warning to people who put a lot of information on social networks .
" It raises a more serious question which is , ' Can you trust these social networks to look after your data properly ? ' " he said .
Facebook is sensitive about privacy .
In November the company scrambled to fix its Beacon ad system after a CA researcher discovered that the system was collecting data on users ' online behavior , despite Facebook 's assurances to the contrary .
" With Beacon we just screwed it up , " said Matt Cohler , the company 's vice president of product management , during a March session with reporters .
Cluley is n't sure that wo n't happen again .
He 's telling his friends to just make up a birth date on Facebook from now on .
Looking Forward -- Spacesuit engineer Dustin Gohmert drives NASA 's new lunar truck prototype through the moon - like craters of Johnson Space Center 's Lunar Yard .
The lunar truck was built to make such off roading easy , with six wheels that can be steered independently in any direction .
In addition , the steering center can turn a full 360 degree , giving the driver a good view of what 's ahead , no matter which way the wheels are pointing .
( NASA / JSC )
With two currently functioning orbiters , and five more missions planned in the next year , Earth 's Moon may soon have seven active probes operated by five nations , with even more coming soon .
NASA 's plans to return humans to the Moon by 2020 are moving steadily ahead , with some concrete prototypes and initial designs beginning to emerge .
Called the Constellation Program , NASA 's vision involves new and upgraded launch vehicles , exploration vehicles , autonomous rovers , new spacesuits , crew and cargo vehicles , and much more .
Here are seven photographs of our possible future on the Moon , and a look back , with ten images from our last visits with the Apollo missions , more than 36 years ago now .
( 17 photos total
During field tests near Moses Lake , WA , NASA 's Autonomous Drilling Rover demonstrated dark autonomous nagivation with a light detection and ranging system .
( NASA )
The Crew Mobility Chassis Prototype is NASA 's new concept for a lunar truck .
Researchers were trying it out at Moses Lake , WA , as part of a series of tests of lunar surface concepts .
One feature is its high mobility .
Each set of wheels can pivot individually in any direction , giving the vehicle the ability to drive sideways , forward , backward and any direction in between -- important if the truck becomes mired in lunar dust needs to zigzag down a steep crater wall or parallel park at its docking station .
( NASA )
NASA 's ATHLETE ( All - Terrain Hex - Legged Extra- Terrestrial Explorer ) robotic vehicle seen during field tests near Moses Lake , WA .
Athlete could be the RV of choice for future explorers .
Its multi - wheeled dexterity could allow robots or humans to load , transport , manipulate and deposit payloads to essentially any desired site on the lunar surface .
( NASA )
NASA 's lunar truck during field tests near Moses Lake , WA .
Whatever direction the lunar truck is headed , the driver has a good view .
The astronauts ' perches can pivot 360 degrees .
The whole wehicle can be lowered to the ground for easy access in bulky spacesuits .
( NASA )
Testing a critical Launch Abort System .
NASA and Alliant Techsystems ( ATK ) performed an igniter test of the Orion Launch Abort System at ATK's Promontory Facility on June 13 , which lasted for approximately 150 milliseconds .
The igniter was just over 36 inches tall and was the first time the newly developed igniter had been tested .
Its purpose is to ignite the primary motor on the LAS that pulls the capsule away during an emergency on the pad or during launch .
( NASA and Alliant Techsystems )
A mock - up of the NASA 's new Orion space capsule heads to its temporary home in a hangar at NASA 's Langley Research Center in Hampton , Va .
In late 2008 , the full - size structural model will be jettisoned off a simulated launch pad at the U.S. Army 's White Sands Missile Range in New Mexico to test the spacecraft 's astronaut escape system , which will ensure a safe , reliable method of escape for astronauts in case of an emergency .
NASA 's Constellation program is building the Orion crew vehicle to carry humans to the International Space Station by 2015 and to the moon beginning in 2020 .
( NASA / Sean Smith )
And Looking Back --
A view of the Moon 's surface taken from lunar orbit in the summer of 1971 .
Apollo 15 was the ninth manned mission to the Moon .
( NASA )
April 20 , 1972 - Apollo 16 .
A view from the Landing Module , looking toward the Command and Service Module with Earth over the lunar horizon .
Astronauts John Young and Charles Duke took this shot as they piloted the LM down to the lunar surface .
( NASA )
Also April 20 , 1972 - The Command and Service Module named " Casper " viewed from the Lunar Module shortly after undocking .
Astronaut Ken Mattingly stayed aboard the CSM while the LM went to the surface - orbiting over 60 times , and performing twenty - six separate scientific experiments .
( NASA )
December 10 , 1972 - Apollo 17 .
A tiny , distant Command and Service Module seen above the Taurus - Littrow landing site photographed from the Lunar Module as it descended to the Moon - the last time Men would set foot on the lunar surface .
( NASA )
December , 1972 - Apollo 17 .
Astronaut Eugene Cernan drives the final Lunar Rover ( of 3 total ) sent to the Moon .
Also seen is one leg of the Lunar Module , at right .
( NASA )
December , 1972 - Apollo 17 .
Astronaut Harrison Schmitt near the Lunar Rover at Shorty crater .
( NASA )
April , 1972 - Apollo 16 .
Astronaut Charles
Duke 's family portrait , laid on the lunar surface .
Pictured are Charles and Dotty Duke , and their sons Charles , 7 , and Tom , 5 . ( NASA )
July 21 , 1969 - Apollo 11 .
The Lunar Module approaches the Command and Service Module for docking , with earthrise in background .
Aboard the LM were astronauts Neil Armstrong and Edwin Aldrin , returning from a 21 - hour stay on the Moon - the first Moon landing by Man. ( NASA )
December , 1972 - Apollo 17 .
Astronaut Jack Schmitt took this telephoto picture of the Lunar Module , seen from a distance of about two miles ( 3.1 km ) .
For an idea of scale , the Lunar Module is about 24 feet tall ( 7 meters ) .
( Image is a combination of AS17- 139- 21204 and AS17-139-21203 - credit : NASA )
December , 1972 - Apollo 17 .
Earthrise viewed from Apollo 17 ( NASA )
More links and information :
NASA 's Constellation - the new generation of tools and vehicles that will return humans to the Moon .
Kaguya - Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency ( JAXA ) orbiter curently in lunar orbit .
Chang'e - Chinese Lunar Exploration Program ( CLEP ) orbiter curently in lunar orbit .
Chandrayaan Indian Space Research Organization ( ISRO ) miission , including a lunar orbiter as well as an impactor .
The spacecraft aims to launch September 19 , 2008 .
Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter ( LRO ) NASA 's planned luunar orbiter , due to launch November 24 , 2008 .
Project Apollo - historic image gallery .
Full Moon amazing large book of Apollo photographs by Michael Light
ACLU : Denver cops could get ' amped up ' by anti-protester memo David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Monday August 25 , 2008
Print This Email
This CNN reports that tight security arrangements for the Democratic National Convention in Denver are drawing complaints from both activists and civil liberties advocates .
Protesters are upset about being confined to a fenced - in parking lot , which they describe as " a ' freedom cage ' two football fields away from the Pepsi Center , where they will have no meaningful opportunity to bring their concerns to the attention of delegates . "
CNN , however , describes the lot as being " around the corner from the convention center , " and the Secret Service insists that delegates will see the protesters first thing as they enter the convention hall .
When a judge rejected a legal challenge to the restrictions earlier this month , Mark Silverstein , Colorado legal director of the ACLU , stated , " Overall the regrettable thing is courts are deferring to security planners who base their plans many times on risks that are extremely speculative ... and the result is all of our First Amendment rights are diminished . "
The ACLU is also " irate " over a police bulletin ( pdf ) which tells officers to be on the lookout for unusual stockpiles of supplies -- such as maps and bicycles -- that could potentially be used for violence or destruction of property .
Silverstein called the bulletin " unnecessarily provocative " and warned , " It has the potential to get police officers all amped up and looking for a confrontation at a time when what we need is cool heads and restraint . "
One Denver activist said she had been subjected to police questioning over a delivery of bricks to her home that was intended solely for masonry repairs .
A police spokesman told CNN , " We 're set to take action when it needs to be taken , and I 'm hoping we do n't have to take any . "
Activists insist their plans are peaceful .
This video is from CNN's American Morning , broadcast August 25 , 2008 .
Download video
Pope Benedict frees a dove during a visit to the Holy Spirit Cathedral in Istanbul .
Photograph : Burak Kara / Getty
Pope Benedict 's fondness for fur trim on his hats and capes has come under fire from an Italian animal rights group , which has launched an online petition to persuade the pontiff to switch to synthetics .
Benedict has taken a traditional approach to papal formal wear to match his conservative views on liturgy and theology , reviving the camauro , an ermine - trimmed red velvet hat favoured by 17th - century popes and last worn by Pope John XXIII in the 1960s , as well as donning a cape trimmed with ermine , which is the white winter coat of the stoat .
But his use of ermine , long favoured by kings , judges and nobles , has drawn the ire of the Italian Association for the Defence of Animals and the Environment , which had by yesterday gathered 2,260 signatures for its petition .
" The pope has often talked about protecting the environment and we are asking that he acknowledges that animals , as God 's creation , also deserve respect , " said the organisation 's head , Lorenzo Croce .
Benedict 's use of fur was defended yesterday by Cardinal Andrea Cordero Lanza di Montezemolo .
" Are n't there more important battles to wage ? " he asked .
" There are human beings who merit more urgent assistance that no one is taking care of .
And if we eat animals , we can wear them . "
Animal lovers signing the petition may be hoping that a pope known for his fondness for cats may eventually extend his love of animals to stoats and weasels .
In an interview in 2000 , before becoming pope , Benedict said he opposed factory farming and the fattening of geese to make foie gras .
" Animals too are God 's creatures , " he said , " creatures we must respect as companions in creation and as important elements in creation . "
When Brad Pitt tells Eric Bana in the 2004 film
Troy that “ there are no pacts between lions and men , ” he is not reciting a clever line from the pen of a Hollywood screenwriter .
He is speaking Achilles ’ words in English as Homer wrote them in Greek more than 2,000 years ago in the Iliad .
The tale of the Trojan War has captivated generations of audiences while evolving from its origins as an oral epic to written versions and , finally , to several film adaptations .
The power of this story to transcend time , language and culture is clear even today , evidenced by Troy ’s robust success around the world .
Honda ’s finally pulled the sheet off the world ’s cheapest hybrid , a $ 19,000 five - seater that resurrects the Insight name and looks a lot like the car it ’s meant to unseat as the must - have ride of the eco-conscious set .
The company wo n’t formally introduce the Insight until the Paris Motor Show next month , but the photo it released today shows a car bearing more than a passing resemblance to the Toyota Prius .
Yeah , that front end was clearly inspired by Honda ’s eco-flagship , the FCX Clarity fuel cell vehicle , but there ’s no mistaking the general shape of the car .
Honda was the first to bring a hybrid — a funky little two - seater called the Insight — to America .
But that car and the Civic Hybrid were all but ignored as people flocked to the Prius , which has outsold Honda ’s gas - electric models 4 to 1 .
Honda ’s decided the best way to close the gap is to make hybrids as cheap as they are efficient .
" The original Honda Insight pioneered hybrid technology in the U.S. and remains a symbol of Honda ’s committment to innovative technology and fuel efficiency , " company CEO Takeo Fukui says .
" This new Insight will break new ground as an affordable hybrid within reach of customers who want great fuel economy and great value . "
Strictly speaking , the car in the pic , like the one we ’ll see in Paris , is a concept , but with Honda planning to have the Insight in showrooms on April 22 — Earth Day — it ’s a safe bet we wo n’t see many changes on the production model .
The headlights and wheels might be different , but the general shape of the car will be the same .
The Insight is said to be a tad smaller than the Civic .
It ’s an all - new design and the company ’s first dedicated hybrid since the Insight was discontinued in 2006 .
The new Insight uses an updated version of the Integrated Motor Assist system found in the Civic Hybrid , and like that car it ’ll use nickel - metal hydride batteries because Honda does n’t think lithium ion technology is quite ready for prime time .
That distinctive shape probably makes the Insight more aerodynamic than the Civic Hybrid , which is key to improving fuel economy .
The Insight will reportedly get 60 mpg , up from the gas - electric Civic ’s combined city / highway figure of 42 mpg .
Honda says the Insight is lighter than the Civic as well but did n’t provide any specifics .
The Insight will be built on a new assembly line at Honda ’s factory in Suzuka .
The company expects global sales to hit 200,000 annually , with half of those sold in the United States .
The car is one of four hybrids Honda plans to offer by 2012 and could provide the chassis on which the sportier CR - Z hybrid might be built .
Photos by Honda and Toyota .
GetRelaxed.com has created a way for you to reduce your stress levels and relax online .
By simply combining soft relaxing soundscapes to go along with soothing and visual appealing pictures , you will be transformed into a soothing bliss and your stress level will drop almost instantly .
Now , just sit back and enjoy the relaxation .
BOSTON — Men who attend college are more likely to commit property crimes during their college years than their non-college - attending peers , according to research to be presented at the annual meeting of the American Sociological Association .
Sociologists at Bowling Green State University found that college - bound youth report lower levels of criminal activity and substance use during adolescence compared to non-college - bound youth .
However , levels of drinking , property theft and unstructured socializing with friends increase among the college - bound after enrollment at a four - year university , and they surpass the rates of less - educated peers .
" College attendance is commonly associated with self - improvement and upward mobility , yet this research suggests that college may actually encourage , rather than deter , social deviance and risk - taking , " said Patrick M. Seffrin , the study 's primary investigator and a graduate student and research assistant in the department of sociology and the Center for Family and Demographic Research at Bowling Green State University .
The research , co-authored by Peggy C. Giordano and Stephen A. Cernkovich , draws from three waves of data from the National Longitudinal Study of Adolescent Health and examines education , crime levels , substance abuse and socializing among adolescents and young adults .
A sample of 9,246 respondents from grades 7 through 12 was initially surveyed during the 1994-1995 academic year , with the following two survey waves taking place in 1996 and 2001 .
The study defined " college students " or " college - bound youth " as respondents who were enrolled full - time in a four - year college for at least 12 months by the third wave of the survey .
" Non-college students " were defined as those respondents who either did not attend college through the course of the study or were not enrolled full - time or at a four - year university .
Source : American Sociological Association
Peter Camejo is heard here speaking in 1976 on the NBC network when he stood for the US Socialist Workers Party as its presidential candidate .
Source : Jon Flanders .
A brilliant piece of socialist advocacy and showcases Camejo 's skill for making socialist ideas accessible to a wide audience .
The final Senate debate on the dangerously flawed FISA Amendments
Act began this morning .
Senator Feingold spoke at length in favor of Senator Dodd 's amendment to strip retroactive immunity from the bill :
... Granting retroactive immunity under these circumstances will undermine any new laws that we pass regarding government surveillance .
If we want companies to follow the law in the future , it sends a terrible message , and sets a terrible precedent , to give them a " get out of jail free " card for allegedly ignoring the law in the past ...
And that ’s not all .
Mr. President , this immunity provision does n’t just allow telephone companies off the hook .
It also will make it that much harder to get to the core issue that I ’ve been raising since December 2005 , which is that the President broke the law and should be held accountable .
When these lawsuits are dismissed , we will be that much further away from an independent judicial review of this illegal program .
On top of all this , we are considering granting immunity when roughly 70 members of the Senate still have not been briefed on the President ’s wiretapping program .
The vast majority of this body still does not even know what we are being asked to grant immunity for .
Frankly , I have a hard time understanding how any Senator can vote against this amendment without this information .
This morning also saw an excellent editorial in the New York Times outlining the reasons why this bill should not be passed :
Proponents of the FISA deal say companies should not be “ punished ” for cooperating with the government .
That ’s Washington - speak for a cover -up .
The purpose of withholding immunity is not to punish but to preserve the only chance of unearthing the details of Mr. Bush ’s outlaw eavesdropping .
Only a few senators , by the way , know just what those companies did .
Restoring some of the protections taken away by an earlier law while creating new loopholes in the Constitution is not a compromise .
It is a failure of leadership .
EFF calls on the Senate to reject the FISA Amendments Act .
It 's a get out of jail free card , it 's a cover - up , it will place a Congressional seal of approval on illegal activity , and it will be used to justify invasive surveillance powers with no accountability or oversight for years to come .
The Senate is scheduled to vote Wednesday morning .
Phone your Senator now and tell them where you stand .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
The Federal Reserve left its fed funds rate at 2 % Tuesday despite increased hopes for a rate cut .
Wall Street wanted a cut in order to help ease the pain in the financial sector and restore investor confidence .
The Fed 's policymakers acknowledged the deepening problems facing the nation 's financial markets as well as weaker economic fundamentals in its statement .
" Strains in financial markets have increased significantly and labor markets have weakened further , " said the statement , making reference to the jump in unemployment to a five - year high of 6.1 % in August .
It also warned that softer spending by consumers is expected to slow economic growth .
But the Fed added that it believes rates are already low enough to spur future economic growth and that despite recent declines in commodity prices , such as oil , the outlook for inflation remains uncertain .
The fed funds rate is the central bank 's key tool to affect the economy .
Lowering the rate pumps money into the economy by reducing the cost on a broad range of loans , including credit cards , home equity lines and many business loans .
Stocks initially fell on the announcement but bounced back and were higher in late afternoon trading even though expectations had grown in recent days that the Fed would respond to market turmoil by lowering rates .
According to futures contracts listed on the Chicago Board Trade , investors were betting Tuesday morning that a rate cut of at least a quarter - of - a- percentage point was almost certain .
The Fed and AIG
Also lifting stocks were wire service reports that the Fed was considering loaning tens of billions to American International Group ( AIG , Fortune 500 ) , the nation 's largest insurer and a key player in the financial markets .
The Fed was said earlier to have reservations about lending to AIG but that may be changing .
AIG 's scramble for cash this week is just the latest of the problems roiling the nation 's financial markets .
In the past nine days , the Treasury Department took control of mortgage giants Fannie Mae ( FNM , Fortune 500 ) and Freddie Mac ( FRE , Fortune 500 ) , investment bank Lehman Brothers ( LEH , Fortune 500 ) filed for bankruptcy and Merrill Lynch ( MER , Fortune 500 ) agreed to a buyout by Bank of America ( BAC , Fortune 500 ) .
In addition , shares of Washington Mutual ( WM , Fortune 500 ) , the nation 's largest savings and loan , have plunged due to growing concerns that it too would have trouble raising necessary capital .
Keith Hembre , chief economist for First American Funds , said he thought a bailout of AIG made sense and that a potential rescue plan for the firm may have been one of the factors that stopped the Fed from cutting rates .
" If they were about to do an about face on AIG , that was probably a consideration on the rates , " he said .
A Fed spokesman would not comment on the AIG report .
But one possible indication of the Fed 's involvement in any AIG discussions is that New York Federal Reserve President Timothy Geithner did not attend the meeting .
Christine Cumming , first vice president of the New York Fed , voted in his place .
Geithner has been widely acknowledged as the Fed 's main person involved in Wall Street efforts to save struggling financial firms .
In March , the Fed agreed to guarantee $ 29 billion in loans so that JPMorgan Chase would buy Bear Stearns .
And Geithner led this weekend 's last - minute efforts to save Lehman .
Those talks between regulators and top banking officials were held at the offices of the New York Fed .
The New York Fed also pumped $ 50 billion into the nation 's financial system Tuesday in an effort to help ease credit stresses .
Bernard Baumohl of The Economic Outlook Group in Princeton Junction , N.J. , said that injection is a sign that the Fed recognizes it must deal with the problems facing Wall Street , even if it kept rates unchanged .
" The Fed is in effect saying , ' I 'm not going to lower rates and subsidize the loan , but we 're going to give you as much money as you need to conduct your operations , " said Baumohl .
K. Daniel Libby , senior portfolio manager for Sands Brothers Asset Management , said he also believes the Fed made the right decision not to cut rates even though he remains worried about the outlook for AIG and Washington Mutual and other troubled financials .
" I am concerned about a number of banks and institutions being on the precipice of another downward spiral , " he said .
" But I do n't know if [ a quarter - point rate cut ] would have helped us enough . "
Libby said it 's important for the Fed to not become too accommodative to the whims and demands of Wall Street .
Future rate cuts not out of the picture
What 's more , the Fed may still wind up lowering rates later this year or early next year due to the weakness in the financial system , Hembre said .
If the job market weakens further and oil prices continue to fall , that would reduce inflation fears and make it easier to justify a rate cut .
" We 're likely to see inflation fall significantly and unemployment go higher , so that 's a prescription for more Fed [ cuts ] , " said Hembre .
Baumohl also noted that the Fed 's decision Tuesday was unanimous -- the first time that 's happened since early January .
Dallas Fed President Richard
Fisher voted to raise rates at the last two meetings when they were left unchanged and voted against some of this year 's rate cuts .
Philadelphia Fed President Charles Plosser joined Fisher in some of his dissents during that period .
Baumohl thought the lack of a dissenting vote was key given the many fires that the Fed is trying to put out .
" This unanimity is important at this critical moment , " he said .
The scene where Rico 's inside the healing tank which Casper called " the Luke Skywalker tank " he could n't really see Dina Meyers or Jake Busey but could only see the outlines of them , he kept a little but of bubbles in his nose due to his experience as a scuba diver even though he had a regulator inside the tank .
See more
Alternate Versions
A heavily cut version was shown on German TV in March 2001 .
This version was cut down to 89 min .
but still labeled as " not under 18 " although almost every violent scene was cut out .
For example the opening - battle at Klendathu was cut down to about 2 or 3 minutes .
After the speech of the reporter you only saw the bug grapping the reporter and some soldiers firing some seconds before Rico is screaming into the camera .
See more
Download Download ( h/t Heather )
While declining to land any personal blows on John McCain , Barack Obama remained cool , confident and dare I say it ?
Presidential in tonight 's debate to John McCain 's Grampy McCrankypants routine .
It appears that the pundits and flash polls agree , as the majority of those polls scored it for Obama , including Frank " The Hair " Luntz 's dial polls on * gasp * FOX News ( maybe that 's why they do n't have them up on the website ) .
But there was one moment where Obama was direct and on the offense , without the petulance of McCain , as he confronted McCain 's rote recitation of being smart but unpopular by supporting the surge .
From the flash polls I 've seen , this moment resonated deeply with those undecided voters , especially since McCain would not even look Obama in the eye .
OBAMA : But understand , that was a tactic designed to contain the damage of the previous four years of mismanagment of this war .
And so John likes ... John , you like to pretend like the war started in 2007 .
You talk about the surge , the war started in 2003 .
And at the time , when the war started , you said it was going to be quick and easy .
You said we knew where the weapons of mass destruction were , you were wrong .
You said that we would be greeted as liberators , you were wrong .
You said that there was no history of violence between Shia and Sunni and you were wrong .
And so the question is the judgment of whether or not ...
MCCAIN : Senator Obama ... Senator Obama ... Senator Obama does n't ....
OBAMA : ... whether or not the question is who is best equipped as the next president to make good decisions about how we use our military , how we make sure that we are prepared and ready for the next conflict and I think we can take a look at our judgment .
The Obama campaign provided some fact checks on McCain 's claims about the surge , below the fold :
McCain : " Senator Obama said the surge could not work , said it would increase sectarian violence , said it was doomed to failure .
Recently on a television program he said it exceeded our wildest expectations , but yet after conceding that , he still says that he would oppose the surge if he had to decide that again today . "
OBAMA HAS REPEATEDLY SAID THAT WHILE THE SURGE COULD HELP TO REDUCE VIOLENCE IN IRAQ , IT DID NOT CHANGE THE POLITICAL DYNAMIC IN IRAQ
Obama Said That With A Surge , " We Might See Some Improvement In Certain Neighborhoods " But That It Wo n't Change The Underlying Dynamic .
Obama said , " I do n't think there 's been any doubt that if we put U.S. troops in that , in the short term , we might see some improvement in certain neighborhoods because the militias are going to fade back into the community .
That 's one of the characteristics of what we 've seen .
The problem is that we do n't see any change in the underlying dynamic which is Shia militias infiltrating the government , Sunni insurgents continuing the fight , that 's the essence of the problem and unless we say that we 're going to occupy Iraq indefinitely , we 're gonna continue to see problems . "
[ WQAD , 3/11/07 ]
Obama Said the Purpose of the Surge Was to Allow Iraqi Leaders to Reconcile , But they Were Not Reconciling .
Obama "
" The stated purpose of the surge was to enable Iraq 's leaders to reconcile .
But as the recent report from the Government Accountability Office confirms , the Iraqis are not reconciling .
Our troops fight and die in the 120 degree heat to give Iraq 's leaders space to agree , but they are n't filling it .
...
This only underscores the point - the solution in Iraq is political , it is not military .
Violence is contained in some parts of Baghdad .
That 's no surprise .
Our troops have cleared these neighborhoods at great costs .
But our troops cannot police Baghdad indefinitely - only Iraqis can . "
[ Obama Speech , 9/12/07 ]
MCCAIN WAS A CHEERLEADER FOR A POLICY THAT SENT TOO FEW TROOPS IN THE FIRST PLACE
McCain Supported The Administration 's Military Strategy For Iraq , Saying Only 100,000 Troops Would Be Needed .
Tim Russert : " Today , the front page of The Washington Post , ' War Plans Target Hussein Power Base .
Scenarios feature a smaller force , narrower strikes , ' calling for 100,000 rather than the 500,000 we used in the Persian Gulf War , and not taking out power dams and electric grids , but focusing on Saddam and his Republican Guards .
Is that what you see ? "
McCain responded , " Yes ... And I believe that this strategy is based on one fundamental fact : Saddam Hussein is dramatically weaker than he was before .
And what Iraq - in 1991 - what Iraqi soldier is going to die for Saddam Hussein if he thinks he's on his way out ?
And so from everything I can tell , that seems to be a very good strategy , and I think we 're going to take great advantage to the precision of our weapons that can be delivered from the air . "
[ NBC , Meet the Press , 9/22/02 ]
Some of you who are familiar with my articles may also know that I have a radio show about twice a week on blogtalkradio.com .
I also tend to call in to the shows on occasion and type a few words in chat .
The host of one show acted as though I wanted America to “ sit and wait for the next attack ” simply because I was n't in favor of spending billions upon billions of dollars and sinking America further into debt .
I told her I wanted to catch the terrorists , just not have a grossly expensive , unneeded , and ruinous war when the US already had the means to do so and not endanger our land .
The CIA ?
NSA ?
Maxwell Smart , Agent of CONTROL ?
We can't get rid of them and perhaps we should n't , yet we should definitely tweak their job description a bit just to keep them from engaging in makework projects that are n't geared towards actually picking up enough of any real terrorists to the point where they could instead truly go about the task of shutting down their game .
The military ?
Ask yourself , do we really need that many soldiers to snare a few battle weary dregs of humanity ?
Prolonged wars in the Middle East have needlessly drained our resources , brought no peace , endangered the lives of hundreds of thousands of servicemen & women , and have distanced ourselves from valuable allies .
A select group of specialists can cheaply bribe one associate of the baddies to push a button on a cell phone or transponder , gas the entire crew at his location & then wait for a few troops to jump in and sort out , then cart off the malcontents to the pokey .
Lather , rinse , repeat until nobody wants to be a terrorist boss anymore .
When you 're fighting an enemy that our leaders claim “ is n't afraid to die ” , catching them alive and hungover from knockout gas just might be the ticket to scare enough of them out of this type of racket .
Job done on a budget that wo n't end up financing a protracted war with way too many committed troops , that is ruining our already bankrupt economy .
Please do n't forget that Haliburton and other conflicts of interest the president and his cronies are joined at the hip with , bill you taxpayers for the tab to rebuild what the military operations constantly bomb .
What our leaders are loathe to tell you is the sad fact that wars are financed by debt .
Our war debt is owned by foreign powers , sometimes with their own nuclear barrage pointed at our country .
China comes to mind , and they would be pleased as punch to have a claim , legitimate or not , on a chunk of American real estate should the US default on it's war debt .
Military bases have been unnecessarily closed on our east and west coasts .
Troops brought home could provide the vital beefing up of our shores .
Will some of the real terrorists find better places to hide ?
Of course they will .
The United States has plenty of satellites orbiting the planet that can read a newspaper from space .
If the bad guys go outside they 'll be seen .
If they can be seen , they can be grabbed .
The question remains , do we sacrifice our country in a vain effort to save it ?
If our leaders are really serious about ending terrorism then the old failed plan needs this new plan that wo n't fail us because it keeps us intact while it protects us .
Now is n't that what we really say we want ?
With Liberty ,
Dan Steward
When I checked at my local shopping centre on Friday , the cheapest potatoes at Coles were $ 1.99 for a kilo of brushed potatoes .
It was the same price next door at Harris Farm , the gourmet produce market .
But at Aldi , in the same shopping centre , a two - kilo bag of brushed potatoes cost $ 1.99 , exactly half the price per kilo at Coles or Harris Farm .
The great question is : why does the price of the potatoes increase more than threefold between the farm gate and the shelves at Coles or Woolworths , a price double that charged by Aldi ?
While we are at it , let 's ask some of the bigger questions : why has Woolworths been able to maintain the momentum of 12 per cent profit growth for sustained periods , as its share price has grown fivefold over the past 10 years ?
Why has the share price in Wesfarmers , which took over Coles last year , grown from $ 10 to $ 34 over the past decade , during a period of sustained drought ?
Why has the combined market value of these two giants , which have the highest market concentration in the developed world , doubled to $ 60 billion during the past decade ?
Why over the same period have one in four of those employed in the farming sector walked away from farming ?
At this point I will defer to someone who has made a career out of studying these issues , Associate Professor Frank Zumbo , of the Australian School of Business at the University of NSW .
" What is going on is an insult to the intelligence of Australian consumers , " Zumbo says .
" We 've just had an inquiry into grocery and food prices .
The report is a disgrace .
It is a whitewash . "
A farmer , Vince Heffernan , used much the same language in a letter published in Saturday 's Herald .
" As a farmer I find the inquiry into food pricing insulting …
The reality is that supermarkets have been making 18 to 20 times the profit per kilogram on meat that farmers make - not bad for 10 days to 14 days ' work as opposed to the 17 months the farmers put in for their meagre earnings . "
The outrage of both men is directed at the 642 - page report into grocery and food prices released last week by the chairman of the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission , Graeme Samuel .
It was commissioned in the wake of Kevin Rudd 's election promises last year to attack rising grocery prices .
" Based on this report , the Federal Government will do nothing to rein in the massive market power of Coles and Woolworths , " Zumbo says .
" It will do nothing to put downward pressure on grocery prices .
Its proposals are cosmetic .
GroceryWatch is another discredited FuelWatch .
It should be called GroceryFarce .
It is a waste of taxpayers ' funds . "
Even the previous ACCC chairman , Professor Allan Fels , has been critical of the inquiry 's report .
But Woolworths and Coles are too shrewd to engage in the price gouging of consumers .
They have kept retail prices in check so as not to provoke consumer anger , media outrage and political intervention .
Rather , they have protected their dominance and fed their share price by actions below the radar of retail scrutiny .
Let me count some of the ways .
Brand grinding : the big chains ask suppliers to " support their brand " .
If a company wants prime shelf space , or any space at all , they have to do deals .
Hence products disappear to be replaced with foreign or inferior brands , not because of consumer buying habits , but because of deals the giants extract .
Supplier grinding : the Woolworths and Coles house brands are taking growing shelf space because they can extract more money from the supply chain that way .
They do so by grinding down the subcontractors who produce the products .
Choice reduction : the growth of generic brands is crowding out prime shelf space for other brands .
Animal cruelty : the factory farms supplying the big chains engage in grotesque animal husbandry , especially of chickens and pigs .
It takes three months for a free - range chicken to reach maturity , but a factory - farmed chicken lives for 40 days in dark , claustrophobic , additive - riddled conditions before being slaughtered for market .
Restrictive leases : the ACCC identified the problem of restrictive leases , where big retailers receive reduced rents if another supermarket is allowed to open in a shopping centre .
Aldi , which represents a real threat to the duopoly , told the ACCC inquiry its growth had been restricted by " hundreds " of such leases .
Land hoarding : the two giants hold banks of undeveloped sites , thus preventing potential rivals from developing them .
Lobbying : the big two operate an aggressive political lobbying operation and are trying to have the Trade Practices
Act watered down .
The cumulative impact of the status quo is some breathtaking disparities in fairness , disparities the ACCC report barely began to acknowledge .
TOKYO – Could otaku help elect Japan 's next prime minister ?
Following the resignation of Japanese prime minister Yasuo Fukuda , one of the most likely successors to the job is politician Taro Aso .
As the photo above shows , he 's quite popular in nerd central Akihabara for his love of manga .
Last year , when Aso occupied the post of Minister of Foriegn Affairs , he established the " International Manga Award " for non-Japanese comic artists who adopt the country 's manga style .
There 's even a shop in Akiba dedicated to Aso , who is currently the Secretary General of Japan 's ruling Liberal Democratic Party .
The shop , called " Oretachi no Taro " ( Our Taro ) , calls him a " cool old dude " and sells Aso - branded gifts like cakes .
Otaku have given
Aso the nickname " Rozen Aso " for his love of the manga Rozen Maiden .
Last year , when Aso was first rumored to be next in line for the prime ministry , stocks in manga retailers rose .
Below , some more photos of the shop , including a girl standing out front wearing a creepy Aso mask .
Photos : Jean Snow / Wired.com
See also :
Als eerste toegang tot alle deals ?
Schrijf je in voor de nieuwsbrief en ontvang 3 keer per week de beste acties !
En je maakt ook nog eens maandelijks kans op een hotelbon t.w.v. € 100 !
Meer informatie
This photo montage shows Usain Bolt ’s position relative to the other runners , both in the real race ( left Bolt ) and Bolt ’s projected position ( right Bolt , crossing the finish line ) .
Credit : H. K. Eriksen , et al .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
By the record books , Jamaican runner Usain Bolt is the fastest human being on earth , and yet no one knows for sure exactly how fast he really is .
At the Beijing 2008 Olympics , on Saturday , August 16th , Bolt broke his own world record ( 9.72 seconds ) with a time of 9.69 seconds in the 100 - meter dash .
But with 20 meters remaining , the 21 - year - old looked around , and , when realizing he had a strong lead , he started celebrating before he crossed the finish line .
After watching this jaw - dropping behavior , many people have wondered what Bolt ’s time would have been – i.e. , what the fastest time ever run by a human could have been – if he had raced the entire way .
Among the curious fans is a team of physicists from the University of Oslo led by Hans Kristian Eriksen , who has recently predicted Bolt ’s hypothetical world record based on factors such as his acceleration and velocity .
By extrapolating from Bolt ’s speed before celebrating , the physicists estimated that the new world record would have been about 9.55 ± 0.04 seconds .
Their estimate would support the claim of Bolt ’s coach , Glen Mills , who suggested at a recent press conference that the time could have been 9.52 seconds or better .
“ It all started with an interview with Usain Bolt 's coach published in the general media before a Golden League competition in Zurich , ” Eriksen told PhysOrg.com , adding that he and his co-authors all share a general interest in sports .
“ He claimed that Bolt was on track for a 9.52 - second record , had he not slowed down .
Then it struck us that , given reasonable video footage of the race and some assumptions about his acceleration , it should be possible to ‘ calculate ’ what that time would have been . ”
To arrive at their estimate , the Norwegian scientists analyzed different videos of the race from NBC , the BBC , and the Norwegian Broadcasting Company ( NRK ) .
A moving camera positioned on a rail along the race track served as a standard ruler , since the scientists could count the evenly spaced bolts on the rail to track the distance and align these ticks with the runners ’ positions .
The scientists made two estimates based on different assumptions .
The first and more conservative estimate assumed that Bolt could have maintained runner - up Richard Thompson ’s acceleration during the end of the race .
The second estimate assumed that Bolt could have maintained an acceleration 0.5 m/s2 faster than Thompson .
Based on their recording of Bolt ’s and Thompson ’s positions at the times they passed the ticks on the rail , the researchers determined an approximation of the runners ’ positions as a function of time , as well as their speeds and accelerations .
By extrapolating these trajectories to 100 meters , the scientists got their results .
If Bolt had maintained Thompson ’s acceleration , his time would have been 9.61 ± 0.04 seconds .
If Bolt had maintained an acceleration 0.5 m/s2 faster than Thompson , his time would have been 9.55 ± 0.04 seconds .
“ For fun , we thought we might as well post the study on astro-ph , an archive for astrophysicists , more or less as an internal joke in the community , ” Eriksen said .
“ However , when we started writing , we suddenly realized that this might actually be interesting and useful to more people than the originally intended audience , and we shifted to a semi-serious approach , and wrote up a ‘ real ’ paper .
In particular , we figured this could be an interesting example of simple physics for educational and outreach purposes , and we therefore submitted the paper to the American Journal of Physics . ”
As Eriksen emphasized , this study is a piece of “ fun physics , ” and its conclusions should not be regarded too seriously .
The physicists explained that their estimates of Bolt ’s potential time have a 95 % error ( ± 0.04 seconds ) , but the uncertainties due to the assumptions on Bolt ’s acceleration are at least as large as the statistical uncertainties .
For instance , the physicists had to calibrate measurements regarding missing ticks on the rail , the precision of the screen clock , and the difference between the screen and stadium clocks .
Another potential uncertainty is the possibility that Bolt may have been tired at the end .
( However , as the scientists note from an admittedly subjective perspective , “ judging from his facial expressions as he crossed the finishing line , this does n’t immediately strike us as a very plausible hypothesis . ” )
Wind speed is another factor , although the measured wind speed on the track during the Beijing race was negligible .
But the physicists noted that favorable wind conditions , such as a 2 m/s wind speed , could decrease the time by as much as 0.1 seconds .
With these results in mind , they suggest that Bolt is capable of setting a new world record of less than 9.5 seconds in the near future – but they still reserve some scientific caution .
“ I should also say that this study is really pretty much useless for actually predicting the new world record , ” said Eriksen .
“ Taking into account both uncertainties due to assumptions and measuring errors , a proper 95 % confidence interval is something like 9.51 to 9.65 seconds – and that 's something most people could have guessed very easily .
However , the main point is that this is a fun example of simple physics that is interesting to many people .
So its main purpose is really for popularizing physics – not to define a new world record .
That being said , we do believe that the methods we use are appropriate , and with better data we could have done a lot better . ”
More information : Eriksen , H. K. ; Kristiansen , J. R. ; Langangen , O. ; and Wehus , I. K . “ Velocity dispersions in a cluster of stars : How fast could Usain Bolt have run ? ” arxiv:0809.0209v2 .
Submitted for publication in the American Journal of Physics .
Copyright 2008 PhysOrg.com .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed in whole or part without the express written permission of PhysOrg.com
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Sarah Palin made her bones as a self - proclaimed Republican reformer in Alaska when she turned on a Republican Party state chairman who had had been accused of wrongdoing .
In 2003 , that GOP leader , Randy Ruedrich , was one of three members of the Alaska Oil and Gas Conservation Commission ; Palin chaired the commission and served as its ethics officer .
After the news broke that Ruedrich had hosted a Republican fundraiser with several oil company executives and had sent out an email notice for a different Republican fundraising event , critics demanded he resign .
Leading the anti-Ruedrich pack was Palin .
She threatened to quit the commission unless Ruedrich resolved his conflicts .
“ It was a very simple issue , ” she said at the time .
“ It was black and white . ”
And after Ruedrich was forced out , Palin , acting at the behest of state investigators , examined his computer files and found emails and documents showing that Ruedrich had used his state office to conduct partisan work for the Republican Party .
The records Palin unearthed became evidence in a state investigation that led to a settlement under which Ruedrich paid a $ 12,000 fine .
Thanks to this episode , Palin became known as a Republican willing to take on a fellow Republican who had abused his office and misused state resources .
But what was not known at the time was that a year earlier , Palin had used official resources for her own partisan purposes .
In doing so , Palin , now the governor of Alaska and the Republican vice presidential nominee , might have run afoul of state law and the municipal code of Wasilla .
According to emails obtained by Andrée McLeod , a self - described independent government watchdog in Alaska , and shared with Mother Jones , in 2002 , when Palin was in her last year as mayor of Wasilla and running for lieutenant governor in a Republican primary , she used her official city email account for campaign purposes .
In a June 11 , 2002 email to Randy Ruedrich–sent from her sarah@ci.wasilla.ak.us account–Palin asked if the state Republican Party would disseminate notices for her fundraisers .
“ I have a heckuva ’ lot of notices I would love to be distributed to all the [ state party ] lists because I ’m not networked into all the valuable distribution lists that other candidates may be networked into , ” she wrote .
“ Can you do that for me ? ”
In a July 2 , 2002 email to Ruedrich –with the subject line reading “ right to life endorsements ” –Palin complained that Alaska Right to Life , the state ’s leading anti-abortion rights outfit , had not endorsed her in the lieutenant governor ’s race .
“ Randy , ” she wrote , “ I was allowed to ‘ vent ’ via [ a ] letter to the RTL Board re : their decision to not co-endorse pro-life candidates in the Lt. Gov. race .
Man , I am disappointed . ”
And the day before the Republican primary , in an August 26 , 2002 email to Eddie Grasser , a leader of the Alaska Outdoor Council , a lobby for hunters and firearms owners , Palin expressed her disappointment at not receiving the AOC endorsement .
She pointed out that she was a “ lifetime member of the NRA ” and a “ recipient of its “ Defender of the 2nd Amendment Award . ”
In the email –which promoted her campaign positions –she objected to the process used by the AOC in endorsing one of her opponents in the Republican primary contest : “ The AOC stated the endorsement was based on candidates ’ answers to the AOC ’s ‘ extensive questionnaire ’ … but in reality there was no questionnaire sent to Lt. Gov. candidates . ”
She asked if she could “ use the AOC ’s email address book to remind our members of my positions . ”
And she encouraged Grasser to visit her campaign website .
This email–also sent via her official Wasilla city account–was addressed to over 300 people in addition to Grasser .
( In the GOP primary , Palin placed second in a field of five . )
Under Alaska state law , an officer of a municipality “ may not use money held by the entity to influence the outcome of the election of a candidate to a state or municipal office . ”
Asked whether this prohibition would cover a mayor using an official email account to promote and advance her own campaign , Holly Hill , the executive director of the Alaska Public Offices Commission , referred me to a decision issued by the commission this past July .
The case involved a mayor of Unalaska named Shirley Marquardt .
In 2007 , she had sent an email to a city consultant and the city manager , noting who would be running against her for mayor .
The commission ruled that this message had been more personal than political .
But in its decision , the commission declared that the Alaska law prohibiting a municipal official from using public funds for partisan actions “ covers a publicly - owned e-mail system . ”
The Wasilla municipal code also contains strict guidelines governing the use of electronic communications by city officials .
Elected officials , according to the code , may not use the city ’s “ electronic facilities ” for “ personal gain , ” to promote “ political beliefs , ” or to “ support or oppose any candidate for public office . ”
Palin is already involved in other email controversies .
In response to an open records act request filed in June by McLeod , a registered Republican , Palin ’s gubernatorial office refused to release about 1100 emails received and sent earlier this year by Palin and her aides , citing what might be an iffy claim of executive privilege .
McLeod has appealed that decision .
And emails that were released to McLeod in July indicate that Palin , as governor , has used a private email account for her official duties .
As Palin and Republican presidential nominee John McCain sell themselves as a pair of reform - minded , no - business - as - usual agents of change , Palin has not yet answered questions about her email controversies .
An email sent to Maria Comella , Palin ’s campaign spokesperson , requesting a comment for this story went unanswered .
UPDATE : In 2004 , the Mat - Su Valley Frontiersman published a story reporting that anonymous letters had been sent to the Alaska Public Offices Commission and several media outlets alleging that Palin had used her city e-mail account for campaign - related work , had held campaign - related meetings in her office , and had used her office telephone for calls regarding her campaign for lieutenant governor .
The complaint cited the email she had sent to the Alaska Outdoor Council .
Palin told the newspaper that this one particular email had been an isolated event .
She blamed Randy Ruedrich supporters for launching an unfair attack on her ; Ruedrich denied any knowledge of the letters .
An APOC official stated at the time that the commission would not investigate the complaint because it was anonymous .
F eb. 28 , 2008
SUBJECT : BUSINESS PROPOSAL
Dear President Ahmadinejad and President Chavez :
To introduce myself , I currently serve on the board of a multibillion - dollar hedge fund .
You might recognize the name of the fund , but I am not writing to you today in an official capacity .
I am writing to you with a business proposal .
I have worked a total of 29 years on Wall Street , most of that time in executive positions .
My résumé is attached .
Strange as it may seem for a person like me to say , I believe , like you , that America 's greed has done much to cause poverty and instability in the world .
I am ashamed to be an American .
Therefore , I am writing to you today with a business proposal .
Please allow me to give you some background first .
Today , the dollar closed at another low vs. the Euro .
This makes four days of new lows in the last week .
Moving in the opposite direction , gold and oil both closed at their respective all - time highs .
Many other dollar - denominated physical assets , like industrial metals and agricultural commodities , are also trading at historic highs .
Why ?
Because they 're priced in dollars , and as the dollar falls it will take more dollars to buy the same pound of copper or bushel of corn .
Meanwhile , you can't give bonds away .
Auction - rate bond failures approach 70 percent .
Yields have doubled since January .
In my 29 - year career , I 've never seen anything like these markets .
Nothing comes close .
Not Black Monday , the Asian monetary crisis , the Russian bond defaults , the failure of Long Term Capital Management , the dotcom crash or even the terrible events of 9 - 11 .
Today , America 's credit markets are starting to seize up .
But the worst is yet to come .
Up to the present , we 've seen only one bubble burst , the residential real estate CMO market .
But there are three more bubbles out there , each one bigger than the one before it , and each one ready to burst .
First , we have the bubble in the commercial real estate CMO market .
Lots of subprime junk here .
Tons of it .
Like the residential real estate subprimes , the commercial subprimes were not rated as such .
Just like residential subprimes , a lot of hedge funds are highly leveraged into this extremely credit - sensitive garbage .
Next we have the bubble in the private equity or CDO market .
Garbage here , too .
Think back at all the hundreds of billions of dollars in private equity deals that were done before this summer 's subprime mess .
Get the picture ?
Finally , we have the bubble in the credit - default swaps and related derivatives market .
This is a $ 45.5 trillion monster .
It scares me shitless .
In a front - page article on Sunday , Feb. 17 , The New York Times reported on this obscure market .
Worse than obscure , this market is also largely unregulated .
Congress , the SEC and the NASD have all looked the other way as this market has grown .
This lack of oversight is beyond shameful and irresponsible ; it 's criminal and immoral .
This lack of oversight in credit - default swaps screams out for a collapse .
Which brings me to my business proposal .
Enemies of the United States of America , take note .
You want to fuck up the U.S. ?
Hire me .
I 'm not kidding .
Hire me .
This is a bona fide offer .
With a few billion dollars , a trading platform and some expertise , we can bring down the house of cards known as the credit - default swap market .
Heck , we can bring down the U.S .
Forget about suitcase nukes .
Forget about anthrax .
Forget about flying jetliners into skyscrapers .
Forget about all forms of conventional terrorism .
Hire me .
I 'll assemble a team of traders , some IT guys and a few guys with prime brokerage experience , and together , with a bankroll from you , we 'll bring Wall Street down .
We 'll use the IT guys to build our own trading platform .
I like a proprietary platform .
Nice thing to own .
The Russian Trading System is a good model .
Next , we 'll also use the IT guys to build our own ATS ( alternative trading system ) or ECN ( electronic communications network ) .
An ATS is a wormhole into the dark matter of the financial universe .
You have to have at least one .
More than one is better .
Then , our prime brokerage guys can do their thing .
What they do is a form of wizardry .
Prime brokers are wizards .
They create new forms of money — swaps , derivatives and structured products — from nothing .
They create portfolios from nothing .
They are the merchants of mirrors .
They buy , sell and trade illusions and chimeras .
Finally , I need a pile of chips to play this poker game , just a few billion dollars .
What 's a few billion , if we can bring down a house of cards worth $ 45.5 trillion ?
And , oh , I forgot to mention something .
We might make a few hundred billion for ourselves along the way , too .
Too much of a long shot , you say ?
Too fantastic ?
No , it 's not .
It 's already happening .
So come on , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and Hugo Chavez .
Hire me .
Today may be a bad day for the United States , but it 's a good day for you .
The dollar is coming to the end of its reign .
And with the end of the dollar , together we can attack the credit markets and bring down everything else .
We can bring it all down .
America 's preposterous wealth .
America 's vulgar extravagances .
America 's vanity .
America 's hunger for power .
America 's desperate need to be the second Roman Empire .
We can do this .
Barack Obama , highlighting differences with John McCain on Social Security , declared yesterday that he would shore up the program by imposing payroll taxes on wages above $ 250,000 a year .
Now , the first $ 102,000 in salary is taxed at 6.2 percent .
In specifically setting for the first time where he wants to apply further payroll taxes , Obama 's proposal would create a so - called donut hole , because income between $ 102,000 and $ 250,000 would n't be taxed .
" Right now , the Social Security payroll tax is capped , " Obama said in Columbus , Ohio , on day five of his economic tour of battleground states .
" That means most middle - class families pay this tax on every dime they make , while millionaires and billionaires are only paying it on a very small percentage of their income .
That 's why I think the best way forward is to adjust the cap on the payroll tax so that people like me pay a little bit more and people in need are protected .
That way we can extend the promise of Social Security without shifting the burden onto seniors . "
Pledging to protect Social Security " today , tomorrow , and forever , " Obama said 97 percent of Americans would not be affected by his plan .
He also hit McCain for being open to private savings accounts to supplement the retirement benefits , saying that amounts to privatizing Social Security .
McCain denied again yesterday that he supports privatization , though he has sounded open to the possibility in the past .
" I will not privatize Social Security , and it's not true when I 'm accused of that , " he said at a town hall meeting in New Jersey .
" But I would like for younger workers , younger workers only , to have an opportunity to take a few of their tax dollars , a few of theirs , and maybe put it into an account with their name on it . "
The McCain campaign also questioned the impact of Obama 's tax proposals on seniors .
While Obama proposes to eliminate income taxes on seniors with less than $ 50,000 a year in income , McCain 's campaign cited an analysis that Obama 's plans would increase the tax bills for 10 million senior households , in part because of his proposal to raise capital gains taxes .
" Barack Obama likes to think that his tax increases will only hit a few Americans , but in truth his economic plan will be a disaster for everyone , especially seniors , " Tucker Bounds , a McCain spokesman , said in a statement .
FOON RHEE
McCain , Obama tussle over town hall details
They both profess they want to do town hall meetings , but Republican John McCain and Democrat Barack Obama are in a stalemate over when , where , and how many .
In the latest tussling over town hall meetings , McCain yesterday accepted a proposal from the Ronald Reagan presidential library in Simi Valley , Calif. , and the Lyndon Johnson presidential library in Austin , Texas , for town halls in July .
Solar panels will be a booming industry , says the report
The UN says millions of new jobs will be created worldwide over the next few decades by the development of alternative energy technologies .
More than a million people already work in biofuels , but a UN report says that could rise by 12 million by 2030 .
It says " green jobs " depend on a shift of subsidies from oil and natural gas to wind , solar , and geothermal power .
New jobs could also include the expansion of recycling and making environmentally friendly vehicles .
The report , ' Green Jobs : Towards Decent Work in a Sustainable , Low - Carbon World ' , was commissioned and funded by the UN's Environment Programme ( Unep ) .
It says the manufacture , installation and maintenance of solar panels should add 6.3 million jobs by 2030 , while wind power should add more than two million jobs .
Major opportunity Unep director Achim Steiner said that if the world did not transform to a low - carbon economy it would " miss a major opportunity for the fast tracking of millions of new jobs " .
The report was written before the current global economic crisis .
However , Mr Steiner said that to ditch green energy policies because of the crisis would be a mistake because in the long term the new jobs will make economies stronger and help make goods with less oil and gas .
Solar powered vehicles are already being developed Late next year , delegates from around the world will try to reach a successor agreement to the Kyoto Protocol to control climate change , in a UN meeting in Copenhagen .
But Mr Steiner said the movement toward green jobs would happen whether there was an agreement or not .
He said that was because the world 's population is heading toward eight or nine billion by 2050 , and resources like metals , oil and gas are becoming more expensive to find .
If the world waits 10 years to take serious action on greenhouse gases the costs for moving to a green economy will be much higher , he said .
Workers 'at risk '
The report raised concerns for those involved in the manufacture of biofuels - fuels made from renewable sources such as plants or plant - derived material .
" Much of the employment on sugarcane and palm oil plantations in countries like Brazil , Colombia , Malaysia and Indonesia is marked by poor pay and dangerous working conditions , " it said .
" There is also concern that large - scale biofuels production might drive large numbers of people off their land in future years , " it said .
" Close scrutiny " will be needed to determine what portion of biofuel jobs can be counted as decent jobs , it added .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Committee Chairman Rep. Barney Frank ( D - MA ) presides over a hearing of the House Financial Services Committee on Capitol Hill in Washington , July 10 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Jonathan Ernst
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - House of Representatives Financial Services Committee Chairman Barney Frank said House and Senate Democrats have agreed on a financial bailout plan and were talking to Republican lawmakers .
“ We ’ve made a lot of progress .
I think the House and Senate Democrats have come to an agreement .
Now we ’re going to talk to the Republicans , ” Frank said on Thursday after leaving a meeting of Democrats .
The Massachusetts Democrat also criticized Republican presidential nominee John McCain ’s moves on the bailout as “ a stunt . ”
The Arizona senator broke off campaigning on Wednesday to return to Washington and work on the bailout .
“ He has n’t been involved .
He does n’t know anything about it , ” said Frank .
“ This is a stunt .
I hope people will be able to ignore it . ”
Bidding for one of the banks ' new online homes starts at $ 1500 Internet addresses corresponding to recent bank mergers are already being hoarded and sold online .
In " cybersquatting " , likely addresses are bought cheaply in the hope of selling to the businesses involved , or as a medium for advertising .
Domain names for the merged Bank of America / Merrill Lynch as well as for Lloyds TSB / HBOS have been snapped up .
In one case , the domain name has already been listed on eBay , with the site directing visitors to the auction .
As reports of Lehman Brothers ' intent to sell itself first surfaced last Friday , cybersquatters had already spotted Barclays , HSBC and Bank of America as potential buyers .
Accordingly , barclayslehman.com , hsbclehman.com , hsbclehmanbrothers.com and bofalehman.com had been acquired .
With the acquisition of Merrill Lynch by Bank of America this week , cybersquatters registered bankofamericamerrilllynch.com and bofaml.com .
There are opportunists out there waiting to pounce on any event
Jonathan Robinson
In the UK , speculation surrounding the merger of Lloyds TSB with HBOS prompted yet more cybersquatting , so that now lloydstsbhbos.com and hboslloydstsb.com are owned .
" It shows how there are opportunists out there waiting to pounce on any event , " says Jonathan Robinson , chief operating officer of NetNames .
" We 've seen it in the case of celebrity with David Beckham going to LA Galaxy , we 've seen it in the case of tragedy , with Princess Diana 's death .
There 's a subtle twist on the whole thing now , which is the anticipation of the event . "
' Click - through value '
Many cybersquatters have pay - per- click ads as revenue generators while awaiting potential buyers .
" Back in the mists of time , these names had a capital value and could be exchanged for cash , " says Mr Robinson .
" There 's another value they have nowadays and that 's a click - through value , a cash flow that they generate in the whole world of online advertising .
" There 's even automated software that will populate a website with relevant content . "
The speculative HSBC / Lehman site , for example , looks like a news site about the myriad mergers and movements but features Google adverts along the margins .
In the case of bankofamericamerrilllynch.com , the object is more apparent ; a visit to the site directs visitors to an eBay auction in which the domain name is for sale .
" The lesson has been there for a while for anyone working in the mergers and acquisitions area that this is a key area to focus on in the due diligence process , " Mr Robinson says .
" One ca n't wait until after the deal is announced or the product is launched . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
cryptogon.com news – analysis – conspiracies
September 21st , 2008
Via : Housing Panic :
The Patriot Act of Finance , otherwise known as Paulson ’s $ 700 billion bailout bill , if passed in its present form will be the nail in the coffin for an America by , for and of the people .
Just like the Patriot Act appeared to be written before 9/11 , so does this Patriot Act of Finance appear to be written before the housing crash .
And yes , both were rushed through a panicked Congress and complacent media in the middle of the night .
A nation founded by the people , for the people will be given to a very select group of bankers .
Legally .
Without a shot fired .
Because Americans were too distracted and too dumb to know what was going on .
Brilliant .
Here ’s how it will be done :
1 ) The key line in the proposed bill is this one :
“ The Secretary ’s authority to purchase mortgage - related assets under this Act shall be limited to 700,000,000,000 dollars outstanding at any one time ”
What this does is give Hank Paulson , acting as an emperor with unchecked control over the nation ’s treasury , a $ 700 billion line of credit in which he can buy up toxic debt for whatever price he ’d like to pay , $ 700 billion at a time .
In other words – he could buy trillions .
Trillions and trillions and trillions .
Buying and selling , buying and selling .
He can sell the junk he buys from his banker friends for whatever price he wants , saddling the taxpayers with the loss .
He keeps this process going , using his $ 700 billion credit card .
Buy for 60 cents on the dollar , sell for 30 cents on the dollar .
Buy for 80 cents on the dollar , sell for 5 cents on the dollar .
He ’s in charge .
$ 700 billion folks IS JUST THE LINE OF CREDIT .
He can purchase trillions and trillions of bad debt with this credit card , as long as only $ 700 billion is OUTSTANDING at any one time .
2 ) Hank Paulson , CEO of Goldman Sachs on leave , has complete and total control over the nation ’s treasure .
He would be unchecked by Congress , unchecked by the President .
He will be king .
Here ’s the text :
“ The Secretary is authorized to take such actions as the Secretary deems necessary to carry out the authorities in this Act , including , without limitation ”
Using this power , Hank Paulson of Goldman Sachs could pay Goldman Sachs anything he wanted for their mortgage assets .
Let ’s say the market value was 20 cents on the dollar .
Hank Paulson could pay them 100 cents on the dollar .
Its his decision and his alone .
No oversight .
No limitations .
Hank Paulson could simply give the nation ’s treasure to Goldman Sachs .
Get it now ?
3 ) Deputizing the banks and investment banks as “ agents of the government ” .
Seriously .
Here ’s the text :
“ Designating financial institutions as financial agents of the Government , and they shall perform all such reasonable duties related to this Act as financial agents of the Government as may be required of them ”
4 ) Have no outside control over the firesale of assets and loss to the taxpayer .
Again , Hank Paulson and Hank Paulson alone shall be in control .
No auditors .
No oversight .
No multiple bids .
No nothing .
Hank Paulson and Hank Paulson alone .
Here you go :
“ Sale of Mortgage - Related Assets .
The Secretary may , at any time , upon terms and conditions and at prices determined by the Secretary , sell , or enter into securities loans , repurchase transactions or other financial transactions in regard to , any mortgage - related asset purchased under this Act . ”
5 ) Hank Paulson has final say .
Hank Paulson knows what ’s best .
Hank Paulson can not be reversed .
Hank Paulson can not be sued .
Hank Paulson is king .
“ Decisions by the Secretary pursuant to the authority of this Act are non-reviewable and committed to agency discretion , and may not be reviewed by any court of law or any administrative agency ”
So , what can you do ?
Normally here I ’d say contact your corrupt Congressman or Senator .
Contact the media .
But folks , Congress has been bought .
The media have been bought .
The American people have lost .
Deal with it .
Dictatorship , Economy , Elite | Posted in Collapse Top Of Page
Bundling Erlybank As An Application
CSS , this is one of the most important parts of any website to be honest and no more so with your wordpress theme .
This CSS files will tell your wordpress theme how to look .
And that ’s the reason we doing it ourselves right ?
so we can make it look , the way we want it to look .
Welcome to BanThis !
please select from the menu above , be sure to check out our new TV section !
TEHRAN ( Reuters ) - Iran dismissed on Saturday a warning by France ’s president that the Islamic Republic was taking a dangerous gamble over its nuclear program because one day its arch - foe Israel could strike .
Government spokesman Gholamhossein Elham accused Israel of threatening global peace but reiterated Tehran ’s publicly stated view that it was not in a position to attack Iran .
Separately , a senior commander of the elite Revolutionary Guards was quoted as saying that new long - range missiles had strengthened Iran ’s defensive capabilities .
“ Today , the enemy does not dare to attack Iran , as it knows that it will receive fatal blows from Iran if it ventures into such a stupid act , ” Nour Ali Shoushtari said in the city of Qazvin , Iran ’s Press TV station reported .
Western powers accuse Iran , the world ’s fourth - largest oil exporter , of seeking the atom bomb under the cover of a civilian nuclear program .
Iran denies the charge , saying it only wants to master atomic technology in order to generate electricity .
The United States and Israel have not ruled out military action if the dispute cannot be settled through diplomacy .
During a visit to Damascus on Thursday , French President Nicolas Sarkozy said Iran was “ taking a major risk in continuing the process to obtain a military nuclear capacity . ”
He added : “ One day ... we could find one morning that Israel has struck . ”
Iran ’s state broadcaster IRIB quoted Elham , the government spokesman , as saying in response to Sarkozy ’s statement :
“ These threats are because of weakness ... and it reflects the reality and the war - seeking nature of the Zionist regime . ”
Elham added : “ This regime is not big enough and does not have the capacity to want to think about a war with Iran . ”
He said Israel “ uses every chance to threaten global security and peace . ”
The U.N. Security Council has imposed three rounds of sanctions against Iran over its failure to heed calls to suspend uranium enrichment , a process that can produce fuel for power plants , or for nuclear weapons if refined further .
Israel , long assumed to have its own atomic arsenal , has sworn to prevent Iran from emerging as a nuclear - armed power .
Speculation about a possible attack on Iran ’s nuclear facilities has risen since Israel staged an air force exercise in June which was reported to be a simulation of a strike against Iran .
Iran says it would hit back if attacked .
Tension rose further in July when Iran said it test - fired nine missiles , including a “ new ” Shahab 3 missile , which officials have said could reach targets 2,000 km ( 1,250 miles ) away .
Iran has said Israel and U.S. bases are in its range .
Shoushtari , deputy commander of the Guards ’ ground force , said progress in developing military equipment including long - range missiles “ has added to our ability to prevent an enemy attack , ” Press TV reported .
The Academic Credo
( or at least An Academic Credo ) : A commenter on my age of consent post writes ,
This is a perfect example of why people claim professors are out of touch with reality .
When someone can accurately but facilely summarize your suggestion with " he wants to change the law so that adults should be allowed to have sex with high school sophomores , " you lose .
No further inquiry , no appeal , no nothing : you 're automatically some lunatic that thinks something approaching pedophilia is OK .
Some curious thoughts are best kept to one 's self ....
I 've heard this reaction before , not just as to discussions of the age of consent but also as to other matters .
Other commenters seem to say something similar , some even calling — with no substantive reasons — for me to take down the post , with no real explanation ) .
And it strikes me as worth discussing this attitude in more detail , because it does reflect something important about the academic approach , an approach that , contrary to the commenter 's view , strikes me as exactly right .
Here 's what I see as the academic credo , or at least the right sort of academic credo :
It is better to know than to believe .
It is better to understand why rather than just accept the what .
Much of the time ( though certainly not all the time ) , the things that we think are obviously and clearly " reality " are actually not .
Even when our intuitions are right , we gain much from understanding why they are right .
So curious thoughts about why our assumptions are right — and whether they are right — are indeed precisely what people ( especially professors ) should be thinking and expressing .
Let 's use this very post as an illustration .
1 . To begin with , let 's talk briefly about the " reality " with which I 'm supposedly out of touch .
Recall that my post chiefly discussed 16 - year - olds having sex with 30 - year - olds , which many states prohibit .
But the reality is that over half the states do not prohibit this behavior , but have a general age of consent of 16 ( that is to say , the age of consent for sex with adults , rather than just with fellow children , setting aside the special case of sex with adults who are in a special position of authority , such as family members or teachers ) .
In most of Western Europe , the general age of consent is likewise 16 or less .
There 'd be no need to " change the law " to allow this in most places ; one would need to change the law to forbid it .
Now maybe this judgment of most of the U.S. and of Europe is wrong , and that they are themselves " out of touch with reality , " whatever exactly that means .
I certainly do n't want to argue that the majority view is always right .
But it does suggest that we can't lightly assume that accepting a general age of consent of 16 , under which sex between 16 - year - olds and 30 - year - olds ( or 60 - year - olds ) is legal , is " luna[cy ] . "
But wait , there 's more :
In France , the general age of consent is 15 .
In Austria , Germany , and Italy it 's , generally speaking , 14 .
In Spain it 's 13 .
In several U.S. states , it was 14 until a decade or two ago ; in Canada it is 14 , though a recent law changes it to 16 as of May 1 , 2008 .
Again , these decisions may well be wrong or even " creepy " ( a term three other commenters used to discuss my post , which chiefly focused on 16 - year - olds ) .
Yet when nearly 200 million members of our Western culture live in countries where the age of consent is 14 or less , this should lead us to think that there 's an important discussion to be had here , and that the answer is at least not open and shut .
More broadly , by the way , this is indeed a familiar practice of professors :
To point out that our intuitive assumptions — however firmly held — are actually not shared by many other people , including in places that are n't very different from our own , and to suggest that this might shake our faith in those assumptions ( though again of course it 's not proof that the assumptions are false ) .
And I think it 's a sound practice , one that should be taken seriously as an advantage to thinking through our beliefs rather than just casually accepting them .
2 . More broadly , professors — and many non-professors — know well how many deeply held assumptions about " reality , " assumptions that did n't seem to require " further inquiry , " proved to be quite wrong .
That 's most obvious with regard to the physical and life sciences , but it 's also true about economics and morality .
Focusing on morality , consider how deeply attitudes have changed over the centuries about such fundamental moral questions as slavery , the role of women , premarital sex , homosexuality , and even the very issue involved here , which is to say the age of consent .
Recall that in England the age of consent until the late 1800s was set at 12 .
Again , it may well be that modern law is right about the age of consent ( which I stress again , is mostly set at 16 both in the U.S. and in Western countries more broadly , not at 18 ) and the views of the past were wrong .
I 'm pretty sure that they were wrong as to age 12 , and 16 might well be a sensible dividing line .
Yet what do you think are the chances that , however wrong we now recognize many past moral views were , our deeply held intuitive moral assumptions today are all completely right ?
Should n't that plant at least a seed of self - doubt ?
The " professors " who " are out of touch with reality " believe ( at least when they 're at their best ) that public questioning in such matters is better than undefended confidence , or silence .
3 . Finally , let 's say that the commenter 's substantive intuition — that sex between adults and high school sophomores ( the 16 - year - olds that I discussed in my post ) — is right , and the dominant view of American and Western law is mistaken .
Surely it 's still better to publicly discuss what the reasons for this might be , and why they are right .
( a) Most obviously , it 's necessary to persuade the " lunatic [s ] " who support the legality of " something approaching pedophilia " yet somehow managed to make their views made into law in most American states and most European countries .
I take it that just calling them lunatics and urging them to keep their views to themselves wo n't persuade them , right ?
It would help to have a detailed explanation .
( b) It should also be helpful to reassure thoughtful and responsible backers of higher ages of consent .
If someone is being sent to prison based on a law you advocate , I 'd think you 'd want to have some confidence that you 're right .
And it 's hard to have that confidence in any thoughtful way , it seems to me , if you 've just shushed those who take a contrary view , as opposed to engaging it ( even welcoming its airing ) and explaining why it 's mistaken .
( c) It 's also necessary to deal with all the important details related to implementing the law .
Say that allowing adults to have sex with 16 - year - olds is indeed wrong .
Should the age of consent then be 18 ?
Or 17 ?
Or 17 1/2 ?
If there is to be an exception for sex between people who are close in age , how much should the allowed difference be ?
If an act is criminal , how much resources should we devote to prosecuting it ?
How willing should prosecutors be to accept pleas to reduced charges ?
What should the prison sentences and other punishments be for committing the act ?
It 's impossible to sensibly answer these questions without thinking hard about exactly why we 're setting the age of consent at a particular point .
So , my bottom line : Asking these questions , and questioning our intuitions , is more in touch with reality — including the reality that our intuitions are often ( though of course not always ) wrong — than just taking our assumptions for granted .
And when we professors ask for logical arguments even in support of that which many people see as obvious , it seems to me that we are doing exactly what our jobs call for .
UPDATE : I originally said that the age of consent in Canada was 14 until recently ; as the revised text , makes it clear , it 's actually 14 for a few more days .
Thanks to Canadian prosecutor Andrew Barg for setting me straight on this -- always good to get even a little closer to " reality . "
Camp LeConte among best ' Best Vintage Trailer Hotels '
Camp LeConte 's vintage trailers are nominated for a USA Today travel award .
The unique place to stay in Gatlinburg has been popular amid the coronavirus pandemic .
Thirty years we 've had , of unfathomably wealthy bankers and dealers being justified as part of the free market .
So they boasted : " I 've just got my summer bonus and spent part of it on a small African nation which I burnt down for a laugh , " or went to restaurants that charged a thousand pounds for meals such as " asparagus boiled in panda 's tears " or bought cars that ran on liquified diamonds , and it was all proof we lived in a free society in which we were paid what we were worth and could n't rely on state handouts .
Then the minute their scam falls apart , they 're straight on to the Government squealing " Can we have a free state handout please , our bank 's gone bust . "
They 're like spoilt students who go back to their Dad for more money because they 've blown a year 's allowance in one week .
But this soppy government will go " You already had fifty billion quid , what have you done with that ?
Well alright , here 's another fifty billion we were saving for kidney machines , but this time be careful . "
It 's so obscene you get comments such as the one yesterday that went " The money men have made fools of us .
In the years of their dominance they insisted the markets were the highest judges and must be left to rule .
Now the markets are signalling their downfall , they 're running sobbing to governments and taxpayers , begging for our money . "
And that piece of class - hatred came from Max Hastings in the Daily Mail .
Because the explanation for the current crash from people like that is they were right to demand an unregulated free market , as society could only be run efficiently if the world 's finances were put in the hands of these bankers .
But then it turned out these bankers were more interested in their private wealth than in the good of society as a whole – and fair 's fair , no one could possibly have anticipated that .
So , as Gordon Brown has become so friendly with Thatcher , maybe he can put her to use .
He should tell her she 's about to make a speech at the Conservative conference , but fill the room with city executives , who 'll be told " You ca n't go on paying yourselves more than you earn .
We can't allow those who can't stand on their own two feet to sponge off the state . "
Then they should all be sent down the job centre .
At first they 'll complain " There 's nothing for me in there .
I trained for two whole hours to get my qualifications as a parasite and there 's no parasite jobs going at the moment anywhere . "
Then , just as people who claimed benefits when they were working have to pay the money back , all the bonuses they received for boosting their company 's shares will have to be returned , now the shares are worthless .
And if they have n't got it they should be herded into a new social category called " pension slaves " , in which they spend the rest of their lives doing errands for all the people whose pensions they 've ruined .
Instead the politicians and businessmen will all join together in saying : " It seems that everything we 've been saying for 30 years has turned out to be shite .
In these circumstances , it is imperative that those people who became immensely rich out of creating this shite should be compensated heavily .
It is also of great importance than we pay no attention to anyone who warned us this was bound to end in shite , as the only people trustworthy to get us out of it are those that put us in it .
Carry on everyone . "
Belfast Telegraph
TOWARD THE ESTABLISHMENT OF LAISSEZ -FAIRE CAPITALISM CHAPTER 20 OF CAPITALISM : A TREATISE ON ECONOMICS * By George Reisman ** 1 . Introduction T he principles and theories presented in this book call for a society of laissez - faire capitalism .
( For the sake of brevity , I often refer simply to a capitalist society .
In such cases , it should be understood that laissez - faire capitalism is the only logically consistent form of a capitalist society . )
If such a society is to be achieved , a political movement pursuing a long - range program will be necessary .
My purpose in this concluding , epilogue chapter is to describe the nature of such a movement and to offer a basic outline of the long - range political program it would have to follow , including a description of how the most difficult steps in the program might actually be accomplished .
As far as I know , my effort here is the first of its kind ; as such , it will undoubtedly benefit greatly from the numerous additions and refinements that I hope others will be led to make .
The Importance of Capitalism as a Conscious Goal
The first thing that those in favor of capitalism must do is to make the conscious , explicit decision that they seriously want to achieve a fully capitalist society and are prepared to work for its achievement .
We need to view ourselves as active agents of change , working toward a definite goal : laissez - faire capitalism .
The advocacy of laissez - faire capitalism , indeed , of capitalism in any explicit form , has not been present in the political spectrum .
In the United States , the political controversies of the last several generations have been carried on between the " liberals , " who stand for socialism , and the " conservatives , " who stand for nothing except what other groups , including the liberals , have managed to establish as the country 's tradition .
The success of the liberals / socialists in enacting their program shows that what we need is a group of educated and articulate individuals who adopt the achievement of capitalism as their goal .
Such individuals , dedicated to maintaining constant progress toward capitalism , would constitute a de facto capitalist political party , even if the name of such a party never appeared on a ballot .
By virtue of constantly offering their own definite program for political change , they would seize the political initiative .
Instead of merely attacking the socialistic proposals of the " liberals " and then yielding to them and abandoning the fight once the proposals happened to be enacted , as is the almost invariable practice of the conservatives , they would always strive to move in the direction of capitalism .
As an essential part of the process of doing so , they would never tire of assaulting intellectual targets as far behind enemy lines as possible -- such as social security , antitrust legislation , and public education .
Never would they accept the existing state of society as immutably given and deserving of preservation merely because it exists .
Always they would seek to change the existing state of society until it represented laissez - faire capitalism .
Laissez - faire capitalism would represent their fixed star so to speak .
To the extent that present conditions departed from it , they would be radical in seeking to change present conditions .
To the extent that conditions in the past had approximated laissez - faire capitalism , they would be reactionary in seeking to reestablish such conditions .
To the extent that present conditions were consistent with laissez - faire capitalism , they would be conservative in seeking to preserve those conditions .
The program such a party would have to follow is both political and educational in nature .
It is political in that it centers on the offering of specific political proposals , which , if adopted , would move the country toward capitalism .
It is educational in that it views the basic problem that we face as one of explaining to the people of the United States and other countries the value of a capitalist society and the value of the specific steps required to achieve it .
What people do is determined by what they think .
If we want to change the political practice , there is no other way but to change people 's political philosophy and economic theories .
Accordingly , every political proposal that I suggest is itself intended to serve as a vehicle for educating the public and for attracting talented individuals to our cause who in turn will become capable of educating still others to the value of our program .
Needless to say , the substance of such education is the spread of the ideas of Ludwig von Mises and Ayn Rand , reinforced by the ideas of other procapitalist economists and philosophers whom I mentioned in the Introduction and elsewhere in this book .
It is principally owing to the great popular success of the writings of Ayn Rand and the growing influence of the works of Ludwig von Mises that there already exists a significant and growing number of potential recruits for the procapitalist political movement that I envision .
The further spread of the ideas of these two historic figures is the only possible basis for the further growth and ultimate success of the procapitalist cause .
Along these lines , I wish to acknowledge once more how important are all philosophic ideas that determine people 's conception of the position of the human individual in relation to the world in which he lives .
For example , so long as man is viewed as fundamentally helpless , with his destiny controlled by forces beyond his power to change , it will be next to impossible to eliminate the welfare state .
People will cling to it out of a sense of helplessness .
Elimination of the welfare state and the establishment of a capitalist society presupposes a view of man as a self - responsible causal agent , capable of securing his well - being by means of intelligent action .
Indeed , the entire program of reform outlined in this chapter must proceed alongside a renewal of all of the philosophical foundations of a division - of - labor , capitalist society that I described in the first chapter of this book .
It is this above all which makes the dissemination of the ideas of Ayn Rand so important .
As the leading advocate of reason in modern times , her writings alone hold out the possibility of the necessary fundamental philosophic changes taking place in our culture , without which efforts at the level of economic theory and political philosophy are doomed to failure .
* * *
In the pages that follow , I write of political campaigns over various issues .
Please understand that I am not writing merely or even primarily of campaigns carried out in connection with elections .
Rather , I am writing of campaigns carried on year in and year out , as part of a process of continuous education of the public .
Each of these campaigns would necessarily have to be preceded and accompanied by the writing and dissemination of an appropriate literature , ranging from books and monographs on down to handbills - - a literature dealing with the specific issues at hand , but always in relation to wider , abstract principles .
Indeed , the dissemination of such literature and its articulation in speeches and debates would constitute the substance of what I call political campaigns .
Further , I think that to achieve capitalism it will ultimately be necessary for a formally organized capitalist party to come into existence , whose primary function will actually be to serve as an educational institution : it would have one or more book - publishing houses , theoretical journals , magazines devoted to current issues , and schools turning out intellectual leaders thoroughly versed in economic theory and political philosophy .
All of these vehicles would be devoted at least as much to questions of political philosophy and economic theory as to political activity .
The political proposals I make are short - and intermediate - range , as well as long - range in nature .
I believe that it will take several generations to achieve a fully capitalist society , mainly because of the time required for the educational process .
It will not be enough just to present our long - range goals .
It will be necessary to advocate a whole intervening series of short - and intermediate - range goals whose enactment will represent progress toward our long - range goals .
The major political task in the years ahead will be continuously to formulate such short and intermediate range goals , and to keep the country moving in the direction of full capitalism by means of their successive achievement .
The short - and intermediate - range goals I offer are intended to illustrate principles of strategy and tactics and thus to serve as a pattern .
In the light of the preceding , it should scarcely be necessary to say that at no time should the advocacy of sound principles be sacrificed to notions of political expediency , advanced under misguided ideas about what is " practical . "
The only practical course is to name and defend true principles and then seek to win over public opinion to the support of such principles .
It is never to accept the untrue principles that guide public opinion at the moment and design and advocate programs that pander to the errors of the public .
Such a procedure is to abandon the fight for any fundamental or significant change - - namely , a change in people 's ideas -- and to reinforce the errors we want to combat .
It is definitely not impractical to explain to people that if they want to live and prosper , they must adopt capitalism .
It would not be impractical to do so even if for a very long time most people simply refused to listen and went on supporting policies that are against their interests .
In such a case , it would not be the advocates of capitalism who were impractical , for they would be pursuing the only course that is capable of working , namely , explaining to people what they must do if they are in fact to succeed .
Rather it would be the mass of people -- perhaps , indeed , the entire rest of the society -- that would be impractical , pursuing as it did goals which are self - destructive and refusing to hear of constructive alternatives .
If , to use an analogy from the world of engineering and business , someone knows how to build an airplane or a tractor that people could afford and greatly benefit from , but is not listened to , such a person is not at all impractical because others refuse to listen to his ideas that would greatly benefit them .
Rather it is those others , whatever their number , who are impractical .
In the political - economic realm , it is the current state of public opinion that is impractical : it expects that men can live in a modern economic system while destroying the foundations of that system -- that , for example , they can have rising prosperity while destroying the incentives and the means of the businessmen and capitalists who are to provide the prosperity .
The advocates of capitalism , who tell people that the opposite is true and that the opposite policy is necessary , are not impractical .
They are eminently the advocates of practicality -- of what is achievable in , and by the nature of , reality .
It is the grossest compounding of confusions to suggest that those who know truths that masses of impractical people refuse to hear , accept error as an unalterable given for the sake of which they must abandon or " bend " their knowledge of the truth .
Nothing could be more impractical , elevating as it does , error above truth and making knowledge subordinate to ignorance .
The essence of true political practicality consists of clearly naming and explaining the long - range political program that promotes human life and well being -- i.e. , capitalism -- and then step by step moving toward the fullest and most consistent achievement of that goal .
That the initial effect of naming the right goal and course may be to shock masses of unenlightened people and invoke their displeasure should be welcomed .
That will be the first step in awakening them from their ignorance .
It should not be surprising that those who fear the effects of the open advocacy of capitalism are themselves highly deficient in their knowledge of capitalism .
They fear to evoke the displeasure of the ignorant because they do not know enough about capitalism to know what to say in the face of such displeasure .
Their ignorance on this score , I believe , is the result of an unwillingness to acquire a sufficient combination of knowledge of political philosophy and economic theory , above all , of economic theory .
Remnants of the mind - body dichotomy in their thinking prevent them from fully grasping the intellectual -- indeed , the profoundly philosophical -- value of a subject as " materialistic " as economics .
To be successful , the advocates of capitalism must immerse themselves in the study of economic theory .
The Capitalist Society and a Political Program for Achieving It The capitalist society we want to achieve is a society in which individual rights are consistently and scrupulously respected -- in which , as Ayn Rand put it , the initiation of physical force is barred from human relationships .
We want a society in which the role of government is limited to the protection of individual rights , and in which , therefore , the government uses force only in defense and retaliation against the initiation of force .
We want a society in which property rights are recognized as among the foremost human rights -- a society in which no one is made to suffer for his success by being sacrificed to the envy of others , a society in which all land , natural resources , and other means of production are privately owned .
In such a society , the size of government would be less than a tenth of what it now is in terms of government spending .
Most of the government as it now exists would be swept away : virtually all of the alphabet agencies and all of the cabinet departments with the exceptions of defense , state , justice , and treasury .
All that would remain is a radically reduced executive branch , and legislative and judicial branches with radically reduced powers .
To the law - abiding citizen of such a society , the government would appear essentially as a " night watchman , " dutifully and quietly going about its appointed rounds so that the citizenry could rest secure in the knowledge that their persons and property were free from aggression .
Only in the lives of common criminals and foreign aggressor states would the presence of the government bulk large .
If these brief remarks can serve as a description of the capitalist society we want to achieve , let us now turn to a series of political proposals for its actual achievement .
I group the proposals under seven headings : Privatization of Property , Freedom of Production and Trade , Abolition of the Welfare State , Abolition of the Income and Inheritance Taxes , Establishment of Gold as Money , Procapitalist Foreign Policy , and Separation of State from Education , Science , and Religion .
Under each of these heads , I develop specific issues and programs each of which deserves to be fought for and which , in being fought for , would serve to promote the spread of our entire political - economic philosophy .
2. Privatization of Property : Importance of Fighting on Basis of Principles
The privatization of property is the most fundamental aspect of a procapitalist political program .
In addition , its discussion is well suited to illustrate strategy and tactics applicable to the pursuit of all aspects of a procapitalist political program .
Privatization would ultimately require the sale of all government - owned lands and natural resources ( with such limited exceptions as the sites of military bases , police stations , and courthouses ) , which presently include the greater part of the territory of many of the Western states and almost all of the territory of Alaska .
It would entail the sale of TVA and all other public - power facilities , the sale of Amtrak and Conrail , the post office , the public schools , universities , and hospitals , the national parks , and the public highway system .
It would also entail the establishment of the airwaves as private property and of private property rights under the sea and in outer space .
Those of us who work to establish capitalism must always be aware that the privatization of all of these things is part of our ultimate goal and we must be sure that all new adherents we gain fully understand and support the whole program of privatization , as well as all the other essential aspects of our program .
No secret must ever be made of the full , long - range program and its goal of complete laissez - faire capitalism .
In the present situation , I believe that the most important aspect of privatization to concentrate on is that of the federal government 's vast landholdings , in particular where oil , coal , and timber are concerned .
Closely connected with this should be the urging of the extension of private ownership to undersea mining operations .
These aspects would make it possible to link the campaign for privatization with an assault on the environmental movement , which has replaced socialism as the leading threat to material civilization .
Such linkage would provide the opportunity to reestablish the rightful connection between capitalism , on the one side , and science , technology , economic progress , and the supreme value of human life on earth , on the other side .
This connection has been concealed for many years because of socialism 's usurpation of the mantle of progressivism .
Linkage of the campaign for privatization with an assault on the environmental movement would be instrumental in reestablishing capitalism in the minds of the public as the system of progress and improvement advocated by men of reason , and the opposition to capitalism as the manifestation of ignorance , fear , and superstition .
A further major aspect of the linkage should be a continual hammering away at the appalling state of contemporary education and the ignorance of its graduates , including almost all of today 's politicians , government officials , and journalists .
The environmentalist and socialist opposition to capitalism should be portrayed as exactly what it is -- a movement to return the world to the Dark Ages and a system of feudal privilege .
Privatization of education , of course , should be urged as an essential aspect of the rebirth of education .
Other , narrower campaigns for privatization that might profitably be conducted early on would be ones for the privatization of the post office , the airwaves , and the New York City subway system .
Postal service and cellular - telephone channels are already private to varying degrees .
In these two cases , privatization would merely be a matter of carrying forward something that already exists to an important extent .
The New York City subway system would be a good candidate for an early privatization campaign , because it should be relatively easy to explain how the establishment of private ownership would create an incentive for the subway 's management to want to attract customers and thus to improve the cleanliness , safety , and efficiency of the system .
Such a campaign would represent our going on the offensive in the country 's leading bastion of collectivism and making large numbers of collectivists aware that the comfort of their daily lives depended on the acceptance of the principle of private ownership of the means of production .
Each of these individual campaigns would , of course , have to be focused on its own particular set of concretes .
But if , at the same time , they were also based on the principle of the economic superiority and moral rightness of private ownership , the cumulative effect would be to tend to establish that principle as correct in the public 's mind .
Thus , provided they were conducted in the name of our basic principles and used as the opportunity for explaining those principles , success in such lesser projects would help in someday putting us in a position in which we could accomplish the objective of privatization completely .
We should certainly not expect that we would quickly win any of the campaigns for privatization , even the least among them .
On the contrary , for a very long time we would almost certainly lose them all , over and over again .
Indeed , we should expect for some time to be written off as cranks and even ridiculed for our views .
Nevertheless , if we fight every concrete issue on the basis of correct abstract , general principles , our efforts will never be wasted .
We will be successful even though we fail to win our particular objective of the moment .
We will be successful because we will have propounded and helped to spread our principles .
As a result , we will have gained new adherents , who will have been attracted to our principles .
In addition , those who waged the campaign will have become more skilled in the defense of their principles .
Thus , we will have gained the basis for conducting campaigns over the same issue , and over a wide variety of other issues , on a stronger foundation in the future .
We will be embarked upon a policy of progress in intellectual influence analogous to the process of capital accumulation and economic progress .
If we are successful in making continual progress in our intellectual influence , we cannot fail ultimately to possess major intellectual influence and therefore correspondingly major political influence .
To achieve the most rapid possible success , our objective should be to accomplish in terms of intellectual influence the kind of rate of progress achieved economically by Japan and other contemporary East Asian countries that began in the most humble material conditions .
If we could succeed in that , then even though we may begin today in the most humble conditions in terms of size and influence , within a matter of decades we would become a major intellectual force .
As part of the same point , I want to stress that a major feature of every political activity we engage in is that it must provide easy opportunities for any new supporters it attracts to become exposed to our entire philosophy .
The individual campaigns , such as the ones I have just described , must not only be waged on the basis of the appropriate abstract principles , but they must also provide ready exposure to the main books and publications of our philosophy .
This does not mean that handing out copies of Human Action or Atlas Shrugged is the first or most prominent thing we do in such a campaign , but it does mean that we are very interested in making every receptive individual we meet aware of the existence of these books and in getting him to read them and the rest of our essential literature .
3 . The Freedom of Production and Trade
The establishment of the freedom of production and trade implies the abolition of all government interference with production and trade .
It implies , for example , the abolition of all labor legislation , licensing laws , the antitrust laws , and zoning laws .
It implies the abolition of virtually all of the alphabet agencies .
It also implies the freedom of international trade and migration .
An important principle that I think we should adopt in fighting for the freedom of production and trade is to show how its establishment would enable individuals to solve their own economic problems .
For example , there are few more serious economic problems than mass unemployment .
As we have seen , this problem is the result of the government restricting the freedom of individuals to offer and accept the lower wage rates that would make full employment possible .
The restrictions are in the form of minimum - wage laws , prounion legislation , unemployment insurance , and welfare legislation .
Abolishing such legislation and establishing the freedom of production and trade should be presented as the solution to this problem -- as a solution that would enable the voluntary , self - interested actions of individuals to establish the terms on which everyone seeking employment could find it .
In the same vein , we must take the initiative in calling for a widening of economic freedom as the solution to the problems the United States is encountering in international trade .
We must show that the inability of major American industries to compete with foreign goods is the result of government intervention , and that the remedy is not the imposition of further intervention , in the form of tariffs or quotas , but the repeal of existing intervention .
For example , prounion legislation causes artificially high wage rates and holds down the productivity of labor , thereby causing an artificially high level of costs for American manufacturers .
The tax system and inflation have prevented the introduction of more efficient machinery , and thus have also contributed to the artificially high costs of American manufacturers , as have numerous government regulations .
Such intervention should be the target of campaigns for repeal .
Obviously , this would be a fertile area for the writing of books and monographs demonstrating the general principle in terms of the specific conditions of individual industries .
Similarly , the freedom of production and trade should be presented as the means of sharply reducing the cost of housing , thus making it possible for many more people to afford decent housing .
The abolition of prounion legislation , building codes , zoning laws , and government agencies that withdraw land from development ( such as the California Coastal Commission ) would all serve to reduce the cost of housing , as would the abolition of property taxes that support improper government activities .
( As should be clear from previous discussion in Chapter 10 , all of these points , of course , apply to the solution of the problem of homelessness , which is greatly exacerbated by the imposition of government requirements concerning minimum housing standards . )
The freedom of production and trade should also be explained as the means of sharply reducing the cost of medical care .
As explained in Chapter 10 , under present conditions the government restricts the supply of doctors and the number of hospitals through licensing .
Its solution for the consequent inability of many people to afford medical care is then to pour more and more public money into subsidizing their medical bills .
The effect of the government 's spending programs is to bid the price of medical care ever higher , progressively substituting new , ever higher income victims for previous victims just below them who are added to the subsidy rolls -- and , of course , to reduce the quality of medical care for all groups .
The obvious real solution is to end government interference in medical care and thus to make possible the largest and most rapidly improving supply of medical care that free and motivated providers can offer .
In sum , our theme must be the opposite of the one people are accustomed to .
Instead of it being what new programs the government must undertake to solve this or that problem , it must be what existing government programs and activities must be stopped , in order to allow individuals to be able to act in their own self - interest .
Instead of the question being " What can the government do ? , " we must explain what it must stop doing that it now does , and that has caused the problem complained of .
We need to show how abolition of the antitrust laws would mean more competition , greater efficiency , and lower prices ; how abolition of the Environmental Protection Agency would mean more efficient production and thus a greater ability of man to improve the external material conditions of his life , i.e. , his personal environment ; how abolition of the Food and Drug Administration would mean the introduction of more life - saving drugs ; how abolition of medicare and medicaid , the National Institutes of Health , and all other government interference with medicine would lower the cost and improve the quality of medical care .
While fighting against all existing violations of the freedom of production and trade , a further important principle to seek to establish is the exemption of all new industries from violations of the freedom of production and trade .
This , in fact , was one of the principal methods by which economic freedom was established historically in England : the significance of the restrictions imposed by the medieval guilds was steadily reduced by the exemption of new industries from those restrictions .
Appropriate Compromises
It should be realized that if the immediate , total abolition of a given policy of government intervention cannot obtain sufficient support to be carried out , it is proper to work for programs of partial liberalization as temporary compromises -- provided it is done explicitly and openly , in the name of the right principles , and no secret is made of our ultimate goals , which one is always prepared to defend and whose achievement serves as the standard and purpose of any temporary compromises .
Thus , for example , while openly advocating the full freedom of the housing industry , including the ultimate abolition of all building codes , one might participate in , or even launch , a campaign for a much more limited objective .
Such an objective might be that the government be required to reduce the financial impact of meeting code requirements by an average of , say , X thousand dollars per house , and that it be guided by the advice of private insurance companies , mortgage lenders , and construction contractors in deciding which code requirements to modify or abolish in order to achieve this goal .
Such a step would be helpful in reducing the cost of housing .
A campaign for it , properly conducted , would help to make people aware that it was government intervention that was responsible for the high cost of housing and high costs in general .
If carried out under the terms mentioned , a major value even of campaigns to accomplish such limited objectives would be that government intervention , not private business , would be made the target of restriction .
Government force , rather than the profit motive of business , would come to be established in the public 's mind as the evil that must be controlled and progressively rolled back .
Similarly , if the immediate , full freedom of medicine cannot be achieved , then , as a temporary compromise -- again , presented as such and in the name of the right principles -- one might work to allow merely registered nurses and licensed pharmacists to begin practicing various aspects of medicine .
Such liberalization would significantly mitigate the problem at hand and , at the same time , it would promote the essential principle that more freedom is the solution to economic problems .
It would thus be an important step in the right direction .
The Case for the Immediate Sweeping Abolition of All Violations of the Freedom of Production and Trade
If the public possessed the necessary philosophic and economic understanding , the ideal procedure would be the immediate and simultaneous abolition of all interferences with the freedom of production and trade .
This would be both on the principle of individual rights and on the principle that pressure - group warfare is inherently self - defeating .
It is self - defeating in that whatever any one pressure group gains by violations of freedom made on its behalf , is reduced by what all other pressure groups gain by violations of freedom made on their behalf , and reduced by more .
For example , what the workers in the automobile industry gain in higher wages resulting from the existence of an automobile workers ' union , they lose back in higher prices that they must pay for the products not only of all the unionized industries ( which by itself may be very considerable ) , but also for the products of all industries enjoying protective tariffs or receiving government subsidies , all of which is the result of the underlying principle of government intervention .
And everyone loses by virtue of the unemployment and overall reduction in the productivity of labor that result , which simply cause less to be produced and sold in the economic system .
In essence what is entailed in pressure - group warfare is mutual plunder .
Under such an arrangement , not only does each victim lose an amount equal to what the predator gains , but the victims produce less , with the result that there is less to plunder .
The process can be pushed to the point where virtually nothing is produced and thus very little can be plundered -- much less than could be obtained by honest work in a free society .
The pressure - group marauders have long since carried things to the point where the real wages of the average worker are far lower than they could be .
The simultaneous abolition of as much government interference as possible would help to diminish the losses experienced by any one such protected group when its privileges were removed , and would make possible correspondingly greater gains , both in the long run and in the short run , for everyone .
Thus , for example , when the wheat farmers lost their subsidy , they would be compensated by the lower prices resulting from the abolition of others ' subsidies as well , along with lower prices resulting from the abolition of protective tariffs , labor - union coercion , and minimum - wage legislation .
The substantial increase in production that would result would operate further to compensate them , through a fall in prices greater than any fall in the average of incomes that might result .
The special importance of abolishing prounion legislation at the same time as minimum - wage legislation , should be obvious .
This is necessary to prevent unemployed workers from having to crowd into a comparative handful of occupations at unnecessarily low wages , by opening all occupations to the freedom of competition .
* * *
It is important to understand that acceptance of the principle of laissez faire and the willingness to fight for that principle is the only safeguard of the public against the depredations of pressure groups .
Each pressure group is in a position in which the comparatively small number of its members is able to have a potentially substantial gain .
This gain comes at the expense of a relatively small loss on the part of each of the enormously larger number of people who constitute the rest of society .
For example , if the members of a pressure group numbering , say , one hundred thousand people are to receive a subsidy of some kind , that subsidy may provide each of the recipients with $ 100,000 per year in additional income , while it costs each of the far greater number of taxpayers only a small fraction of that sum .
In this case , the total cost of the subsidy is $ 10 billion ( i.e. , $ 100,000 x 100,000 ) .
If there are a hundred million taxpayers , the cost of the subsidy to the average taxpayer is just $ 100 per year ( i.e. , $ 10 billion divided by 100 million ) .
The diffuse interest of the taxpayers in saving $ 100 per year each cannot remotely compare in strength with that of the highly concentrated interest of the pressure - group members who stand to gain $ 100,000 per year each .
Accordingly , the pressure - group members are willing to make substantial financial contributions and to engage in intense lobbying efforts in order to get their way .
Virtually no individual taxpayer , on the other hand , has a sufficient incentive to do anything to counter such assaults on the country 's treasury .
The taxpayers can acquire an incentive to protect themselves only when they view the depredations of each pressure group as a matter of the violation of a supreme political principle - - namely , that of laissez faire - - a principle whose violation by any one pressure group opens the gates to its violation by scores of other pressure groups .
Taxpayers who would view the matter in terms of principle would recognize that pressure group warfare already costs them many thousands of dollars per year each in higher taxes and higher prices , and that there is no limit to its potential cost short of total financial ruin .
If they could be led to view matters in this light , I believe that they could then easily be organized to overcome the pressure groups .
By taking on all the pressure groups at once , they would have not only a powerful individual financial incentive , but they would also be able to play up all the inherent conflicts among the various pressure groups themselves , and thus obtain substantial support from within the ranks of the pressure - group members , a growing number of whom are also more and more harmed , the more widespread becomes the system of pressure - group warfare .
* * *
An appropriate vehicle for the establishment of the freedom of production and trade , whether all at once or gradually , would be the establishment of one last regulatory - type agency : the Deregulation Agency .
Its powers would supersede those of any regulatory agency , the acts of state and local legislatures , and the prior legislation of Congress .
In sharpest contrast to all regulatory agencies , however , its powers would be limited to the repeal of existing regulations and laws , including the narrowing of their scope in conditions in which considerations of political expediency prevented their total repeal .
It would have no power to enact any new or additional regulation .
The mandate of this agency would be to ferret out all regulations of any federal , state , or local government department or agency , and all federal , state , and local laws , that violated the freedom of production and trade .
Ideally , the agency would possess the power to render any or all of them null and void .
As a minimum , the enabling legislation for the agency should require it , within a fairly short period of time , such as three years , to reduce the cost of government interference in the economic system as a whole by a minimum of 50 percent .
( This figure would not apply to spending for social security , welfare , and public education , which would follow the less - radical reduction schedules explained below . )
Further reductions of at least 2 percent per year would be achieved thereafter , until the full freedom of production and trade was established .
If , for Constitutional reasons , the agency could not be given the power to supersede federal legislation , its tasks would include the annual submission to Congress of the necessary legislative proposals for the repeal of existing federal laws .
4 . Abolition of the Welfare State Let me now present a program for accomplishing what many people believe to be simply impossible politically , namely , the abolition of the welfare state .
Elimination of Social Security / Medicare
The social security system , together with medicare , could be eliminated by means of the following steps .
First , following a grace period of perhaps two or three years , to provide sufficient warning and time to adjust , there should be an immediate rise in the age at which individuals are eligible to receive social security and medicare benefits , from 65 to 70 .
As compensation for the loss of these benefits , individuals in the age bracket 65 to 70 should be made exempt from the federal income tax on whatever earnings they derive from employment .
The result would not only be an enormous reduction in government expenditures , but a substantial rise in government tax revenues as well .
The rise in tax revenues would come about because the people in the 65 - 70 age bracket would now pay more in the form of sales , excise , and property taxes , as the result of their having and spending higher incomes .
And they would pay more in the form of state and local income taxes as well .
If enacted today , this part of the proposal for abolishing social security and medicare would cut the costs of these programs on the order of a third .
But there is more .
As part of the same legislation that quickly raises the social security retirement age to 70 , the age at which people are eligible to receive social security and medicare benefits should be further increased , say , by an additional calendar quarter with the passage of each subsequent year .
Under this arrangement , individuals who wished to retire at age 70 , despite the progressive rise in the social security retirement age beyond 70 , would have an additional year of notice in which they would have the opportunity to accumulate additional savings to take the place of the loss of each successive three months ' social security / medicare benefits .
For example , those age 64 at the time the social security / medicare phase - out began , would have an additional year in which to compensate for the rise in their prospective social security retirement age to 70 [ and ] 1/4 .
Those age 63 at the time , would have two additional years in which to compensate for the prospective rise in their particular social security retirement age to 70 [ and ] 1/2 , and so on .
Possibly , the additional savings such individuals would need to make could be made tax - exempt , under an IRA - type arrangement .
( Savings in the government 's budget achieved by the initial rise in the retirement age to 70 would help to offset the revenue loss of making these savings tax exempt . )
All by itself , the progressive rise in the social security retirement age in this way would slowly operate to abolish the system .
However , I do not believe the system 's demise should be allowed to drag on indefinitely .
I think that no later than twenty - five years after the initial rise in the social security retirement age to 70 , the system should accept its last new beneficiaries , who would then be 76 [ and ] 1/4 .
By that time , everyone would have had in excess of 25 years to make provision for his own retirement at age 76 [ and ] 1/4 .
It should be realized that the progressive elimination of the social security / medicare system would operate to promote savings and capital accumulation .
The savings of individuals would steadily replace taxes as the source of provision for old age .
The increased capital accumulation that this made possible would , of course , increase the demand for labor and the productivity of labor , which means that it would increase wage rates and the supply of goods , which latter would operate to reduce prices .
Thus , real wages and the general standard of living would rise .
The rise would be progressive insofar as the rate of capital accumulation was increased .
* * *
While the total abolition of social security and medicare must always be one of our long - run goals , an immediate way to begin reducing the cost of these programs would be for the government simply to make the kind of tax - exemption offer I described above , to everyone eligible to receive these programs ' benefits .
Namely , so long as anyone eligible to receive such benefits abstains from doing so and continues to work instead , his earnings from employment will be exempt from the federal income tax .
Being enabled to keep almost all of one 's earnings might make it worthwhile for many people to keep on working some years longer , rather than accept social security and medicare .
Not only would the government 's outlays be reduced as the result of this measure , but , as I noted before , its revenues would almost certainly increase .
If enacted , this proposal would achieve some significant immediate good , and , in addition , help to prepare the ground for further reductions in the cost of social security and medicare .
It should also be noted here that the phaseout of the social security and medicare programs , or the undertaking of any other measure that would be accompanied by an increase in the number of people seeking employment , calls for an intensification of efforts to abolish or restrict as far as possible prounion and minimum - wage legislation .
This is necessary in order to make it possible for the larger number of job seekers to find employment .
Elimination of Public Welfare
The public - welfare system , including food stamps and rent subsidies , could be substantially eliminated within a few years .
What would need to be done is to begin reducing welfare payments for able - bodied adults and for minors above the age of fourteen by , say , 10 percent per year across the board , until those payments fell substantially below the wages of the lowest - paid workers .
Aid to dependent children below the age of fourteen could be gradually abolished by a law declaring children born more than one year after its enactment to be ineligible for receipt of such aid .
Henceforth , dependent children of welfare recipients would have to be supported out of the welfare payments of their parents , which would be steadily reduced .
Thus within a few years , welfare for able - bodied adults would cease to be economically significant , because all such adults would be confronted with a situation in which they would be substantially better off taking even the lowest - paid jobs .
Within fifteen years , aid to dependent children would cease entirely , whereupon the whole welfare program would be without economic significance .
As previously noted , at the same time that welfare benefits were being reduced , legislation limiting employment opportunities would also have to be abolished or at least progressively restricted , such as the minimum - wage laws and prounion legislation .
In addition , restrictions on the employment of teenage juveniles would have to be eliminated in conformity with the immediate reductions in welfare allowances to teenage children .
The abolition of these restrictions on employment opportunities are necessary to provide people presently receiving welfare benefits with a realistic alternative of living by working .
Finally , the reduction in government expenditures for welfare could be earmarked for increasing the personal exemption from the income tax of people who are gainfully employed .
This would further increase the economic advantages of working over being on welfare .
My reason for suggesting the gradual reduction in welfare benefits rather than their immediate or very rapid total elimination , is to allow time for large concentrations of people on welfare , such as in Harlem in New York City , to move to areas that offer better prospects for employment ; and , at the same time , for new industry to move into areas such as Harlem , in response to the existence of large numbers of people willing to work for low wages .
The gradual reduction in welfare benefits would also allow time for private charitable efforts to develop to deal with the cases of individual suffering not caused by the fault of the individuals themselves .
Once public welfare benefits were reduced to a level substantially below the wages of the lowest - paid workers , the problem , as I have said , would cease to have much economic significance .
Almost everyone would be working who was able to work .
The system could then be reduced further by totally denying benefits to any able - bodied person , or to anyone suffering as the result of his own irresponsibility , such as drug addicts and alcoholics .
After some years , once the government had ceased to be regarded as offering anything but the most minimal relief from want , and private charity had been reestablished in the public 's eyes as the place to which the indigent must turn , the remaining public welfare system could probably be totally abolished , practically without being missed .
A vital aspect of the campaign for the abolition of the welfare system must be the conversion of intellectual opinion among the groups most affected .
They must understand that the system 's demise is indispensable to the genuine assimilation of all groups into American society and essential to the opportunities of every person now on the welfare roles who would like to make something of his life , and to the opportunities available to his children .
* * *
When I first wrote the above discussion of the elimination of the welfare system , I believed that the element of gradualism was necessary not only for the reasons stated but also if efforts to eliminate the system were to have any hope of gaining significant public support .
On this score , it appears that I may have been wrong .
For example , the state of Wisconsin now intends to remove people from the welfare rolls after two years if they turn down a job or job training , and Governor Weld of Massachusetts wants to compel welfare recipients to find work within sixty days or else lose their cash benefits or take state - provided community - service jobs .
It remains to be seen whether such policies , which apparently give no thought to the need to abolish the obstacles presently standing in the way of employment , can not only be enacted but also be maintained in the face of the serious hardships that are likely to accompany them .
Elimination of Public Hospitals Public hospitals and public clinics could also gradually be abolished .
Their operation and the ownership of their assets could be turned over to recognized private charities , which would temporarily receive public funds to finance their operation .
But the appropriation of public funds for such purposes would steadily fall , again , say , at a rate of 10 percent per year .
These charity hospitals and clinics would be empowered to charge fees to their patients , at their discretion , to help compensate for the loss of government funds .
It should be expected that the elimination of government control would be accompanied by major reductions in the costs of operating these hospitals and clinics .
Medicaid could be phased out in step with the reduction in the public funds turned over to the now private charity hospitals and charity clinics .
( Obviously , it would be extremely desirable if this process were accompanied by the most rapid possible liberalization of the licensing requirements for entry into the medical profession and for the ownership and operation of hospitals and clinics . )
Firing Government Employees and Ending Subsidies to Business I believe that it is possible to fire government employees and abolish government subsidies to business with the support of the groups concerned .
This can be accomplished by making the termination of employment or loss of subsidy to the immediate financial self - interest of the parties .
What could be done is to offer very generous severance terms , in the form of the continued payment of the salary or subsidy for a limited time , during which the parties would be fully free to change over to any alternative private , unsubsidized activity they wished .
Thus , for example , a government employee presently receiving a salary of , say , $ 30,000 a year and whose job deserves to be eliminated might continue to receive that salary for a full year , while being free to do anything he wished in the way of private economic activity .
He would be in a position to take a substantially lower - paying job in private industry and use his severance pay to tide him over until he had gained sufficient work experience to increase his earnings to a level comparable to what they had been before .
Or he could go to school and in that way very comfortably learn the skills necessary to earn an income in private industry comparable to what he had earned as a government employee .
In comparison with the present situation , such an arrangement would be very much in the self - interest of the general , taxpaying public .
The financial burden of the taxpayers would certainly be no greater than it is now , and it would , of course , be reduced as soon as the severance pay of the government employees came to an end .
Moreover , to the extent that the government employees are presently engaged in carrying out policies of destructive interference in the lives of the citizens , the public would enjoy the immediate gain of the end of some part of such interference .
It is a comparatively minor evil to pay a simple dead weight subsidy to former government employees now engaged in other activities , when the alternative is to continue to support them as destroyers .
Of course , in order to prevent anyone from taking unjust advantage of such a plan , government employees who received its benefits , should thereafter be barred from government employment ( other than elective office ) for a protracted period of time , perhaps for life -- unless they refunded the extraordinary severance pay they had received .
To the extent that the former government employees turned to seek jobs in private industry , their competition would cause the money wage rates of the average worker there to drop .
This would be the case both insofar as they entered the labor market prior to the reduction in government payrolls and in taxes and insofar as , when it came , the reduction in government payrolls constituted a drop in the aggregate demand for labor .
( This last would be the result to the extent that taxpayers spent the funds they no longer paid in taxes to meet government payrolls , in buying goods rather than in paying wages . )
A tendency toward a drop in wage rates would , of course , also be present as the result of the phasing out of the welfare system and of social security , inasmuch as both would bring about an increase in the supply of labor relative to the demand for labor .
As the readers of this book should know by now , the effect in all these cases would be benevolent .
For the necessary fall in wage rates would be accompanied by reductions in prices that would be still greater .
This is because the employment of more workers means more production and thus lower prices caused by more supply , as well as the saving of taxes to support the unemployed or unproductively employed .
The fall in prices relative to wage rates , moreover , would be a continuing one , because the effect of reduced government spending , reduced taxation , and reduced government interference in general is increased capital accumulation and thus a rising productivity of labor .
Capital accumulation and the rise in the productivity of labor would be the result both of a greater relative production of capital goods and a higher productivity of capital goods .
The greater relative production of capital goods would be made possible by reduced government spending and lower taxes and thus more saving and productive expenditure relative to consumption expenditure .
The higher productivity of capital goods would be the result both of lower taxes and thus greater incentives to use capital goods efficiently , and of reduced government interference of other types that stands in the way of the efficient use of capital goods .
It follows , and deserves to be stressed , that the long - run effect of firing unnecessary government employees is to progressively increase the economic well - being of those employees , along with that of everyone else , and that this is true even in the absence of any severance pay .
The former government employees also benefit from the additional capital accumulation and rising productivity of labor and real wages that are made possible .
They too benefit from the fact that more people now contribute to production instead of having to be supported out of the production of others , and that production is no longer held down by their activities .
Essentially the same conclusion applies to welfare recipients .
In the long run , they too would be economically better off living as self - supporting wage earners in a progressing economy than as welfare recipients .
Their gain would come not only from the economic progress or more rapid economic progress that abolition of the welfare system would greatly contribute to , but also , and in many cases even more importantly , from having at long last to develop and actualize their innate human potential , which the welfare system has permitted them to avoid doing .
Being compelled at last to work in order to live , many of them would accept that necessity and strive to do better at it , whereas at present they need strive for nothing and thus develop into nothing .
There is absolutely no kind of magic or " free lunch " assumed here .
The source of the universal gains is an increase in production .
Every individual 's removal from an unproductive or destructive position in government employment or on the welfare rolls , to a positive , productive position in private employment , adds to the total of what is produced and contributes to the further increase in the total of what is produced , through making possible additional capital accumulation .
It is because of this increase in total production that everyone is in a position to gain , with no one having to lose .
It should actually be no more surprising that former government employees end up being economically better off without their government jobs than that blacksmiths and horse breeders end up being better off without their former jobs -- and that they do so , even if they must settle for a relatively lower position on the economic scale .
Indeed , it should be less surprising when one considers that the nature of so many government workers ' jobs is precisely the stifling of innovation and improvement and that the loss of such jobs means precisely the opening of the way to progress and improvement .
By the same token , the gain of former welfare recipients from the abolition of welfare should be no more surprising than the gain of someone needlessly confined to a hospital from his discharge and emergence into the world of life and action .
Every serious advocate of capitalism has always been able to understand such facts in connection with the so - called long run .
The proposal I have made about generous severance pay for government employees makes it possible for a harmony of material self - interests to exist even in the very short run .
* * *
The principle of generous severance terms could be applied to the elimination of government subsidies to business , in the following way .
As compensation for the abolition of a subsidy , the government would continue the payment of funds for a number of years equal to the profits and depreciation allowances that the subsidized enterprises would have earned had the subsidies been continued .
Its payments could also cover the interest and other such contractual obligations the firms may be obliged to pay as the result of having reasonably entered into such arrangements in connection with the production of the subsidized item .
Severance allowances would also probably have to be given for a time to the employees of those enterprises , equal to their wages or to a major portion of them .
In addition , it would probably be necessary to some extent to provide such payments to the firms producing equipment or other supplies for the subsidized enterprises , and to their employees .
For example , as compensation for the elimination of farm subsidies , not only farmers and their employees would have to receive severance allowances , but also the farm equipment industry and its employees .
The total of the severance allowances in any given year , however , would not exceed what the government presently spends in buying the products concerned .
The payments at each stage of production would not apply to the sales revenues received at that stage , but only to the much smaller figure of the net income earned by the various parties , plus depreciation allowances .
In this way , I believe that the businesses that are presently recipients of government subsidies , together with their employees and suppliers , could be given a powerful short - run interest in the abolition of their subsidies .
They could be placed in a position in which the severance allowances they received would make the transition to producing for the free market virtually painless , indeed , even positively rewarding insofar as those allowances plus immediate earnings in the free market exceeded the income previously derived from the government .
Escaping from Rent Control With the Support of Tenants
The rental housing market , having suffered in places such as New York City from two full generations of rent control , and with no end to rent controls in sight , has devised a method of escaping from the destructive effects of rent controls , and of doing so with the support of the tenants involved .
The method rests on the recognition by landlords that in point of fact the tenants have acquired a kind of squatter 's rights to the apartments they occupy , " rights " which have acquired long - standing legal sanction that almost certainly will continue to be upheld by the government .
Based on this recognition , the method of escape adopted by growing numbers of landlords is that of allowing the tenants to reap a substantial share of the financial gains resulting from an apartment house becoming converted to condominium or cooperative housing .
This is the meaning of the fact that landlords offer their existing tenants substantially below - market " insider prices " on the purchase of the apartments they occupy , on condition that the tenants agree to the building 's change from that of rental housing to condominium or cooperative status .
The tenants are then free to turn around and sell their units or rights to their units for a substantial gain , which , of course , is what wins their cooperation .
This is a very sad situation insofar as it represents the fact that to an important extent a group of nonowners has managed to acquire the status and rights of property owners by means of a government - sanctioned -- indeed , government - led -- violent appropriation .
It is the closest the United States has thus far come to a situation comparable to that of a successful feudal invasion , in which an earlier group of property owners is forcibly dispossessed by a subsequent group of property owners .
Nevertheless , it is better that property rights of the appropriators finally be recognized than that property should remain indefinitely in a condition in which no one has the power to use it well .
Under rent control , tenants can stay on as long as they like , and consume the capital invested in the buildings in which they live .
They are succeeded by other such tenants .
The result is simply the destruction of the stock of housing , inasmuch as the rent controls deprive the landlords of the incentive and , indeed , the ability , to maintain their housing .
Compared with this alternative , the conversion of rental housing to a different status , free of rent controls , at least makes possible the maintenance of the stock of housing and its possible increase .
Apart from once and for all abolishing existing rent controls -- however unlikely the prospect may be in many places at present -- the contribution that the government could make to the process of the market 's freeing itself from rent controls would be constitutionally to guarantee that once any property managed to escape from rent controls , it would never again , under any pretext , be subjected to them .
This would eventually operate to reestablish an extensive market in rental housing .
Such a market , of course , is vital for all those who cannot afford to buy their housing .
5. Abolition of Income and Inheritance Taxes
The total abolition of the personal and corporate income taxes and of the inheritance tax is an essential feature of a procapitalist political program .
It is required by the individual 's right to his own property .
In addition , progress toward the abolition of these taxes helps to create the conditions required for economic progress , by increasing economic incentives and the ability to save , both of which serve to promote capital accumulation and thus a rising productivity of labor and rising real wages .
It must be stressed that the more rapidly economic progress can take place , thanks to reductions in the income and inheritance taxes , the more rapidly can the relative size of the government in the economic system be reduced .
The consequence of this is that the degree to which people must experience the burden of the government 's exactions is correspondingly diminished .
If economic progress can take place at a rate of , say , 3 percent a year , then even if government activity were not reduced at all , the relative size of the government in the economic system would be cut in half in a single generation .
For in that time economic progress at a 3 percent annual rate would have succeeded in doubling the size of the economic system .
Thus , the burden experienced even from supporting a government of the same size would be felt much more lightly .
These facts imply two important principles pertaining to our political program .
First , in reducing income tax rates , our primary emphasis should usually be on reducing the maximum rates , until there exists only a single proportional income tax rate .
Reductions in the upper brackets have the greatest impact in strengthening economic incentives and saving , and thus do the most to bring about economic progress .
We need to make the public aware of how everyone benefits from these tax reductions -- of how they operate to raise the demand for labor and thus wages , and , at the same time , progressively to increase the productivity of labor and thus the supply of goods relative to the supply of labor , which steadily reduces prices relative to wages and thereby steadily raises real wages .
Of course , once the so - called progressive aspects of the income and inheritance taxes have been eliminated , work should immediately commence on the steady reduction in what remains of those taxes , and should continue until they are totally eliminated .
Second , a closely related minimal short - run political demand we should make is that the level of real per capita government spending be immediately frozen , so that it does not exceed its current level .
Such a demand would be a call not for the immediate abolition of the welfare state and improper government activity of all kinds , but a demand for an immediate cessation in their further growth .
Its implementation would result in a continuing automatic shrinkage in the relative size of the government , so long as economic progress continued .
A possible way to start on the elimination of the income / inheritance tax right now would be to fight for the immediate adoption of a universal exemption of at least 51 percent of everyone 's income from federal , state , and local income taxation under all circumstances .
This would be in the name of the principle that the individual is the owner of his own income .
The 51 percent exemption would constitute meaningful recognition of this principle .
Over the years , we would work to increase the tax exempt portion of everyone 's income while reducing the rates on the taxable portion , until the income tax was totally abolished .
Given the drastic reductions in welfare - type spending I have proposed and the achievement of economic progress , it should be possible to phase out the income tax entirely over the course of a generation .
The same phase - out procedure should be applied to the corporate income tax .
In addition , in the short - run , we should demand the elimination of the double taxation presently entailed in the corporate income tax .
It represents double taxation for a corporation first to be taxed on its income , and then for the stockholders of that corporation to be taxed again on what they receive from their own corporation , which has already paid a substantial income tax .
The principle of the 51 percent exemption and its progressive enlargement should be applied to the total of every individual 's personal income plus his share of the profits of any corporation in which he owns stock .
However , the most important short - run goal that we should emphasize in connection with taxes is compelling the government to respect the ordinary civil rights of taxpayers .
We should demand the abolition of criminal penalties for income - tax evasion , in the name of the principle that an individual cannot steal or fraudulently keep what is his own property to begin with .
Also , just as in the case of government agencies seeking search warrants , we should demand that the Internal Revenue Service be compelled to obtain a prior court order authorizing any seizure of property or attachment of salaries and bank accounts it wishes to undertake .
If it is not possible to obtain such elementary protection of individual rights , then a compromise that at least would be a move in the right direction would be the existence of automatic judicial review of all such IRS activities .
And until criminal penalties for not paying taxes are eliminated , we should demand that the Fifth Amendment rights of individuals to remain silent in order not to incriminate themselves be applied to taxpayers , i.e. , that no criminal penalties exist for failure to file an income tax return .
In other words , we should demand that taxpayers , who are presently subject to criminal law , enjoy the full civil rights accorded to criminals .
In answer to objections that the income tax cannot work without the violation of elementary civil rights , we should reply that if that is the case , then it is further proof of why the income tax must be abolished .
So long as the supporters of the income tax wish to retain it , we must demand that they accept the burden of finding ways of harmonizing it with respect for such rights .
A further principle that I believe should be applied in connection with proposals for the reform of the income tax is that no reductions of any kind should ever be made in existing tax exemptions , shelters , or so - called loopholes .
Our principle should be that no one 's income taxes should ever be increased over what they would be under existing law .
It is true that the various exemptions , such as for interest paid on home mortgages , have some economically distorting effects by artificially encouraging some types of economic activity at the expense of other types , but those distortions will become less and less significant with the reduction in the burden of the income tax , and will disappear altogether when it disappears .
We should take the position that every reform of the income tax must serve to reduce the income taxes paid by some or all people , and not increase the income taxes paid by anyone .
Still a further principle that we must uphold concerning tax reform , and one whose necessity should be obvious on the basis of all the preceding discussions concerning the role of capital formation and the consequences of inflation , is that tax reductions must be accompanied by equivalent or even more than equivalent reductions in government spending -- specifically , in nondefense spending primarily .
In view of the highly destructive effects of budget deficits , it should be clear why tax cuts must be accompanied at least by equivalent reductions in government spending of one kind or another .
Deficits , it should be recalled , deprive the economic system of the benefit of the portion of the supply of savings that must be used to finance the deficits .
In the absence of a gold standard , they also lead to the rapid inflation of the money supply , which , of course , also undermines capital formation .
Cutting taxes without cutting government spending , therefore , is no solution for reducing the government 's assaults on the economic system .
The reason the reductions in government spending must be primarily at the expense specifically of nondefense spending is that defense is one of the few legitimate functions of government .
Spending for defense should be cut only as it becomes genuinely safe to do so .
It should be blatantly obvious that we should never advocate imperiling the defense of this country , which means , essentially , the defense of such freedom as exists in the world , in order to preserve any aspect of the welfare state .
Indeed , our need for national defense exists for no other reason than to prevent the imposition of the underlying premise of the welfare state in a more extreme and more consistent form by outside military force .
That premise , of course , is that some men have the right to enslave others for the satisfaction of their needs .
Thus , not only must we never dream of sacrificing national defense to any aspect of the welfare state , but what we want national defense for is precisely to protect us from the logically consistent version of the welfare state that is represented by totalitarian socialism .
Furthermore , what we should advocate in connection with national defense is overwhelming military superiority for the United States .
That is our only real guarantee of avoiding war .
If we have such superiority , we will not start a war , and it is unlikely that anyone else will dare to do so .
6. Establishment of Gold as Money
The establishment of gold as money is essential to the achievement of a capitalist society .
( What is said concerning gold , of course , also applies to silver .
Furthermore , for reasons explained in the last chapter , the gold or silver money I speak of should be understood as a 100 - percent gold or silver money -- i.e. , a 100 - percent - reserve system -- in which , apart from subsidiary token coinage , all money either literally is gold or silver or is receipts for gold or silver that are fully backed by same . )
The establishment of gold as money on these terms is necessary in order to end inflation and all of its destructive consequences .
It is necessary in order to take the power to inflate -- that is , to create money virtually out of thin air -- out of the hands both of the government and of the banking system operating with the sanction of the government .
It is necessary in order thereby to subordinate the government to the financial power of the citizens and to make people aware of the cost of government spending , and to end the arbitrary redistribution of wealth and income , the undermining of capital accumulation , the possibility of utter economic devastation either through wage and price controls or the ultimate destruction of money , and deflation , depression , and mass unemployment .
It is also necessary for making possible the rapid and radical dismantling of the welfare state , by removing the threat of depression as an accompaniment of that process .
Because I have thoroughly discussed the role of gold and the methods for achieving a gold standard in the last part of the previous chapter , I will say no more about this vital subject here .
However , it had to be named here at least to this extent .
7 . Procapitalist Foreign Policy
In the present - day world , a procapitalist foreign policy is indistinguishable from a pro-American foreign policy .
The United States is the world 's leading capitalist country .
It is so on the basis of its fundamental laws - - its Constitution and Bill of Rights .
And , not surprisingly , it is hated for it .
It is regarded by much of the rest of the world in the same way that within the United States the minority constituted by businessmen and capitalists -- the " rich " -- are regarded by much of the rest of the American citizenry .
If the United States is to stand up for itself , it must learn to stand up for capitalism .
The most essential point which needs to be recognized is that to the extent that the United States is a capitalist country , its government is morally legitimate , because to that extent its government acts to defend individual rights , and the powers it exercises consist of nothing more than those of the individual 's delegated right of self - defense .
By the same token , governments which do not recognize the existence of individual rights , governments whose very existence is based on the premise of the forcible sacrifice of the individual to the collective , have no moral legitimacy .
This means , above all , that the surviving Communist regimes , such as those of mainland China , North Korea , and Cuba , and many , if not most of the governments of the so - called third - world countries have no moral legitimacy .
The overthrow of these governments is earnestly to be desired on behalf not only of their own citizens , who are enslaved , but also on behalf of the people of the entire world , who are forcibly deprived of the benefits they could otherwise derive if these countries were free -- benefits in the form of the free development of the talents of the citizens of those countries and the free development of their natural resources .
A major principle here is that the violation of the rights of the individual anywhere is an attack on the well - being of people everywhere .
A foreign policy based on these principles would deal with such governments as bandits and outlaws , temporarily holding power by means of force and fear .
This does not mean that it would be the obligation of the U.S. government to go to war with such countries if it were not itself attacked or directly threatened by them .
But it certainly does mean , as a minimum , that the U.S. government should do nothing to promote the existence of such governments .
It should certainly not aid them in any way , nor provide them with any kind of forum in which to defend their crimes , nor denounce those who prevent them from expanding their power or who prevent similar regimes from coming to power in the first place .
As examples from the recent past , the U.S. government should certainly not have provided Soviet Russia or Communist Poland with free food or loan guarantees .
Instead , it should have allowed them to suffer the famines that socialism causes , while at the same time explaining to the world how socialism was the cause of the famines and thus how millions were forced into starvation because of the power - lust of the Communist rulers and their insistence on the preservation of the socialist system .
It should have led world opinion in demanding that the Communist rulers step down and the socialist system they had imposed be abolished , so that the citizens of the Communist countries could become free to produce and live .
Had the United States followed this policy , the collapse of communism would have occurred decades earlier .
Today , the United States should withdraw all official recognition from the remaining Communist - bloc countries and from totalitarian third - world countries , such as Iran , Iraq , and Libya , and expel their diplomats and alleged trade missions .
It should end all so - called cultural exchanges with such regimes .
If necessary , it should withdraw from the United Nations and expel that organization from U.S. territory .
The only purpose served by the presence of these individuals and institutions is spying , terrorism , and subversion .
If the governments of these countries wish to continue to be recognized , the prime condition must be their formal disavowal of socialism and the adoption of a genuine plan for the protection of individual rights and the establishment of capitalism in their countries .
It should be recalled that the very fact of the United States adopting a policy of laissez faire and respect for private property rights at home would itself go a long way toward undermining the power of today 's leading terrorist governments , namely , those of the Middle East .
At the same time , it would cut the ground from under the resurgence of religious fanaticism in the region , which , like the arms build - up by governments in the region , is financed by money derived from an artificially high price of oil .
These results would follow because a leading consequence of the adoption of a policy of laissez faire and respect for private property rights by the United States would be a great increase in the supply of domestically produced oil and other sources of energy , which latter , as substitutes for oil , would cause a reduction in the demand for oil .
In the face both of a substantial increase in the supply and reduction in the demand for oil , there would be a sharp decline in its price .
Thus , the revenues that finance the terrorists and fanatics would sharply decline .
* * * A major obstacle to the pursuit of a proper foreign policy by the U.S. government is the incredible corruption of thought which exists not only within the United States but , to a much greater degree , in the rest of the world .
This corruption was blatantly evident in the fact that throughout the so - called cold war , the state of world opinion was such that the expulsion of Communist diplomats from the United States would have been regarded as an act of aggression on our part .
A call for the Communist leaders to step down and end the enslavement of their citizens would have been regarded as a transgression against their allegedly God - given right to enslave -- or , as it is customarily put , " an interference in the internal affairs of sovereign nations . "
The ability of the United States to pursue a proper foreign policy and the ability of foreign countries themselves to move toward the achievement of a capitalist society depends on the spread of procapitalist ideas abroad .
To say the same thing in different words , both our immediate national security and our long - run goal of the establishment of a fully capitalist society throughout the world , with worldwide free trade , freedom of investment , and freedom of migration , require that we be interested in the spread of proreason philosophy and procapitalist economic theory in foreign countries as well as in the United States .
A major task in the years ahead must be to bring about the translation of all of our main books into all of the world 's major languages .
Human Action , Socialism , Atlas Shrugged , and about fifty or more other titles , should be made available in Russian , Polish , and Chinese , as well as in Japanese , Korean , Arabic , and all the other leading languages .
Efforts should be made to promote the circulation of these books everywhere .
I do not agree for a moment with the notion that only people brought up in the United States or Canada can readily appreciate our literature .
Our philosophy recognizes only one reality and one human nature .
No matter what intellectual and psychological obstacles a particular culture may create in the thinking of people , there is always some significant number who are open to new ideas .
Our commitment to our philosophy and our national and economic self - interest require that we try to reach these people .
As an example of the importance of doing so , just imagine the effect on our national self - interest of a totalitarian regime 's someday having to deal with people who have come to realize that each individual possesses reason and has an inalienable right to life , and that their reason and their lives are being sacrificed because of nothing more than the rulers ' willful refusal to abandon an irrational dogma .
Imagine the effect of the regime 's being infiltrated by such people .
It should go without saying that all such intellectual efforts must be undertaken privately , not as an activity of the U.S. government .
As a further point in connection with what we should be working toward in the area of foreign policy , I would like to make a suggestion for another special campaign .
This would be a campaign urging newspapers , magazines , and television stations which choose to maintain officially accredited reporters in Communist or other totalitarian countries to provide a warning label on all their reports from those countries which are obtained with government sanction .
The label would identify the totalitarian nature of the country and state that no reason exists for regarding the report as anything but propaganda serving the interests of the government that originated it or sanctioned it .
Freedom of Immigration
We need to make a beginning toward the establishment of freedom of immigration .
A logical place to begin would be in calling for free immigration from our immediate neighbors , Canada and Mexico .
There is not the slightest reason for excluding Canadians .
They are virtually indistinguishable from Americans , and had one or two battles gone the other way early in our history , would in fact be Americans .
By the same token , had the Confederacy won the Civil War , then , with the prevalence of today 's ideas , present - day New Yorkers would probably not be able to migrate to Texas , nor Texans to California .
Such restrictions , based on mere accidents of history , simply have no logical foundation .
It should not be necessary to add that the free immigration of Canadians , Mexicans , or any other nationality should not be at the expense of the immigration allowed under existing law to the members of any other nationality .
As in the case of tax reduction , no one should be made any worse off than he now is , because of an attempt to improve conditions for anyone else .
The reason we must seek to abolish restrictions on Mexican immigration at the earliest possible moment is because the attempt to restrict it is in danger of making us adopt some of the most obnoxious features of the former South African regime - - namely , a virtual pass law , in which people of Latin origin will have to carry identity papers to show on demand to immigration police , who , if they do not find the appropriate " papers , " will have the authority to destroy the lives of said individuals by uprooting them from their jobs and homes and deporting them .
Already virtually Gestapo - like conditions exist in Southern California in connection with a notorious immigration checkpoint , where fleeing Mexicans of all ages and both sexes have often run into oncoming automobile traffic rather than be arrested by officers of the Immigration and Naturalization Service .
This ignominy , I must note , has now been compounded by the recent passage of Proposition 187 in the state of California , which , if upheld in the courts , will actually impose the requirement of having an official identity card that must be shown on demand to the authorities .
Furthermore , the principle of private property rights implies that the Mexicans , and everyone else , have a perfect right to come here -- to work for anyone who is willing to hire them and to live wherever anyone is willing to sell or rent to them .
The violation of the rights the Mexicans or any other category of immigrant is a violation of the private property rights of employers and landlords -- it is telling them that other people have the right to dictate whom they may or may not employ or to whom they may or may not sell or rent their property .
It is a blatant manifestation of collectivism to believe that somehow the people of the United States as a whole have the right to tell the individual , private owners of property how they may use their property -- that they must use it not as they , the private owners wish to use it , but as the nation collectively , or at least a majority of those voting , wish it to be used .
As I explained in Chapter 9 , in a capitalist society free immigration does not deprive those already present of the opportunity of working and it does not reduce their standard of living .
On the contrary , in the long run free immigration into a capitalist society from a semifeudal one , such as Mexico's , must operate to raise the general standard of living in the capitalist society , because it means that more human beings will now live under freedom and have the opportunity to develop their talents .
There are Mexicans and the children of Mexicans who have the potential for making the same kind of economic contribution to the general standard of living as have immigrants from other countries before them .
The only legitimate argument against unrestricted Mexican immigration ( or unrestricted immigration of any other ethnic group ) is based on the existence of our welfare state .
To the extent that Mexicans come here and go on welfare and medicaid , or use public hospitals and public schools , and place an increased burden on government - subsidized public transportation facilities and so forth , then , it is true , there is a genuine loss imposed on the people already here .
The solution , however , is not to violate the right of the Mexicans to immigrate , but to start dismantling our welfare state .
Without immediately abolishing the totality of the welfare state , which would be politically impossible , we could simply change its terms and make all noncitizens ineligible for its programs .
This , of course , is essentially what a portion of California 's Proposition 187 seeks to do .
However , that proposition also seeks to expel the immigrants and to deter further immigration through fear .
Totally unlike Proposition 187 , the mere exclusion of the immigrants from the welfare state would not impose any actual burden or disability on them .
It would not be they who had to carry identity papers and prove why they should not be deported .
There would be no question of that .
On the contrary , it would only be the American citizens who sought the alleged benefits of the welfare state who would have to show papers and prove their citizenship .
While excluding the immigrants from the welfare state , we should simultaneously remove all government - imposed barriers to their being supplied privately with what they need .
This would entail the removal of government licensing requirements in connection with meeting the medical , educational , transportation , and sanitation needs of the immigrants .
As far as possible , this should be accompanied by privatization of such things as existing government - owned hospitals , schools , bus lines , and garbage - collection operations .
An important result of privatization would be that the presence of the larger numbers of people resulting from immigration would be viewed as a source of more business , not more problems , as it is under the ineptitude of government ownership .
In addition , in order to reduce the injustice that would exist in making immigrants pay taxes for the support of the welfare state for the native population , the immigrants should receive as nontaxable wages what would otherwise be their own and their employer 's social security and medicare contributions made in connection with their employment .
The ironic effect of all these liberalizing measures would be to give the immigrants more freedom than today 's American citizens , and in that sense to make them truer Americans than today 's American citizens .
If , at the same time , the immigrants could be reached with procapitalist ideas , this might well serve as the foundation for their being developed into a major group opposed to the welfare state for anyone .
In the present circumstances , it is especially important to make every effort to exclude immigrants from the public education system .
At one time , it is true , public elementary education succeeded in educating pupils of all different nationalities in the three R's .
And even though its own existence represented a contradiction of the principle of individual rights , it instilled in pupils a basic respect and admiration for the United States .
Today , public education teaches very little to anyone .
It turns out masses of illiterates and students who have not the slightest idea of what the United States stands for .
One of the last things we should want is today 's public education system teaching masses of immigrants in their own language .
One of the major subjects that would be taught would undoubtedly be revolutionary Marxist nationalism .
Under such conditions , as far fetched as it may sound , large - scale Mexican immigration into the Southwest could well result , one or two generations later , in a widespread demand for the return of the Southwest to Mexico .
Thus , an important part of any campaign for free immigration for Mexicans should be an attack on public education and its Marxist domination .
It is vital that the immigrants be assimilated as English speakers who support capitalism .
It would be enormously valuable if it could be explained to the immigrants that only the philosophy of individualism and respect for private property rights made possible their immigration .
It would be legitimate to require of all immigrants an oath swearing to uphold the system of private property rights and to educate their children in the English language .
It would be a very short step from freedom of immigration for Mexicans to freedom of immigration for everyone .
Friendly Relations With Japan and Western Europe Because of their exceptional economic strength and thus their potential someday to constitute a serious military threat to the United States , a cardinal principal of American foreign policy must be the maintenance of friendly relations with Japan and the countries of Western Europe .
To assure this , what is necessary on our part is a policy of free trade , freedom of investment , and freedom of immigration -- in short , a policy of full capitalism with respect to these countries .
If we were to follow this policy , we would eliminate any possible economic basis of aggression against us on the part of these countries .
And for all of the reasons shown in this book , from an economic point of view we could only gain from such a policy -- probably very substantially .
As I have shown , we would gain even if we alone were to follow a policy of free trade while the others clung to various protectionist measures .
In that case our position would be analogous to the situation of a territory in which inbound transportation costs were lower than outbound transportation costs .
If we followed such a policy toward these countries , we could reasonably ask them to undertake a larger share of the defense of the free world , in accordance with the increase in wealth and income they have experienced .
We would not have to worry that in doing so , we were encouraging potential enemies to arm , as we should presently be concerned .
Of course , the policy of full capitalism with respect to foreign relations should be applied to all countries .
However , for the reasons stated , it is especially important in these two cases .
8 . Separation of State from Education , Science , and Religion Finally , it is necessary to turn to the subject of separation of state from education , science , and religion .
Abolition of Public Education
The system of public education could be abolished over the course of a generation , in a way that need not impose financial hardship on the parents of any child alive at the time of the abolition 's commencement .
The method would be the enactment of state laws declaring that as of the end of the seventh school year following the enactment of the law , that state and its localities will no longer be responsible for the financing of the first - grade education of any student ; that a year after that , they will no longer be responsible for the financing of the second - grade education of any student ; and so on , through all the elementary , secondary , and college grades .
This procedure would enable the parents of children alive at the time of the enactment of the phase - out legislation to go on using the public education system if they wished ; it would give prospective new parents a year 's notice that they would be responsible for the cost of their children 's education .
The abolition of public education should be preceded by the recognition of the right of parents to educate their own children and by the abolition of educational licensing requirements .
It would also be proper if the public schools were to be made to begin charging tuition fees to those who could afford them , which would be progressively increased , until they reflected the public school system 's costs .
The fee system would permit steadily increasing competition and growth on the part of private schools , which would then be in a position easily and totally to displace the public schools .
One of the most immediate points to fight for in connection with the abolition of public education is the abolition of the federal Department of Education and all federal aid to education .
These measures would create an immediate improvement in education by eliminating a major layer of bureaucracy and by forcing the elimination of unnecessary courses and unsound educational methods that are fostered , if not mandated , by the availability of federal funds .
They would thus bring about a renewed concentration on the three R's and other serious subjects .
In the struggle against public education , an important principle to stress is that the public education system is inherently unsuited to teach any subject about which there is controversy .
This is because teaching such a subject necessarily entails forcing at least some taxpayers to violate their convictions , by providing funds for the dissemination of ideas which they consider to be false and possibly vicious .
On the basis of this principle , the public schools should be barred from teaching not only religion , but also history , economics , civics , and biology .
In the nature of things , only private schools , for whose services people have the choice of paying or not paying , can teach these subjects without violating the freedom of conscience .
The fact that barring the public schools from teaching these subjects would leave them with very little to teach , and place them in a position in which they may as well not exist , simply confirms the fact that public education should be abolished .
Separation of Government and Science
The above principle concerning the government 's violation of the freedom of conscience in supporting the promulgation of controversial ideas also constitutes an argument for the abolition of practically all government support of the arts and sciences .
There is great controversy concerning the artistic merit of various schools of literature , painting , and sculpture .
There is significant and growing controversy even over the various theories of natural science , such as the controversy between the supporters of the " Big - Bang " theory of the origin of the universe and the supporters of the steady - state theory of the universe , which holds that the universe did not have an origin .
For the government to finance any artistic or scientific activity means to compel taxpayers who hold the activity to be artistically or scientifically worthless , and perhaps immoral as well , to finance it nonetheless .
More fundamentally , our opposition to government involvement in art and science -- and in education -- is based on Ayn Rand 's principle that force and mind are opposites .
Matters of truth and value can be determined only by the voluntary assent of the human mind .
Yet government is essentially a policeman with a gun and club .
It settles matters by means of force .
This is directly contrary to the nature of knowledge .
It has no place in the laboratory , the lecture hall , or the art gallery .
The determination of what is true or false , or possessing or lacking in value , simply cannot properly be decided by government officials .
Nor can it properly be decided by majorities in voting booths .
Such a thing is further contrary to the nature of knowledge , which always begins as the discovery of just one mind , and which is as yet totally unknown to the entire rest of the human race .
Governments and majorities must not be allowed to crush the isolated individual , who is the source of all new knowledge and improvement .
Yet precisely this is the outcome of government support of science and art , which scoops up the limited funds available for the support of such activities and arbitrarily dictates how they are to be spent .
As to the tactics to be used to remove the government from these areas , the most important is the continuous demonstration of the contrary nature of government force , on the one side , and knowledge and value freely assented to , on the other .
* * *
An important step in reducing and ultimately eliminating government interference in science would be to require that all alleged scientific studies financed in any way by any government agency or department prominently state that fact .
This might be required in the form of an amendment to the Freedom of Information Act .
The requirement should extend to all press releases and public announcements made by the government or any of its employees concerning the study .
In this way , the study could be easily identified as coming from the government or associated with the government .
The requirement would serve , in effect , as a warning label .
In addition , all information relevant to the study 's being undertaken , including the initial application for a government grant , and all correspondence and internal government documents pertaining to the study , should be identified in an appendix to the study , and copie
Help celebrate the newest addition to the GNU menagerie with your very own Stuffed Baby Gnu .
A cute and cuddly addition for your desk , this 7.5 inch ( 19 cm ) toy is a great way to show your support for the GNU Project .
A super soft and adorable plush toy , it also makes the perfect gift for the next generation of GNU hackers .
For ages 3 and up .
If you ’ve applied for the PlayStation Home closed beta , but have yet to receive an invite , you may want to check your inbox again as we ’re opening PlayStation Home ’s expanded closed beta again to thousands of new beta testers .
The closed beta test is going quite well , so please do n’t sweat if you did n’t make today ’s list , as this wave of invitations will be followed by many more before our launch into open beta .
Since the initial wave of new invitations went out a few weeks ago , we ’ve been having an incredible amount of fun in PlayStation Home meeting each other , launching into games together , and dancing the night away by Listen@Home !
To give you an idea of what we ’re up to , we gave some folks in the media a sneak peak of PlayStation Home .
Check out their tour recaps :
Ca n’t wait to see everyone in PlayStation Home – I ’m always down for a game of pool or rocking the robot lock !
See you in there .
By creating games and other programs for the iPhone , software developers hoped to find millions of new customers .
But they did n’t expect to feel muzzled .
The software development kit that Apple Inc. distributed to programmers bound them to not discuss the process of creating programs for the iPhone .
Companies typically waive such legal restrictions once the product in question launches , but Apple did n’t .
And it wo n’t say why .
As a result , iPhone developers -- and businesses that cater to them -- say they are prohibited from asking technical questions or sharing tips anywhere in public .
On Apple ’s official support website , moderators remind visitors that they are bound by the nondisclosure agreement and should mind what they say or ask .
Conference organizers are trying to figure out how to plan sessions for iPhone software developers when they ’re not allowed to talk about iPhone software .
Book publishers are sitting on how - to manuals , afraid that if they ship them Apple will sue .
Advertisement
And software developers are forced to make applications for the iPhone in an information vacuum , without the help of a developer community that is used to openly sharing tricks of the trade .
Quality may suffer .
The Cupertino , Calif. , company is famous for tightly controlling its products and image .
But even professionals who for years have made products and services to complement Apple ’s are startled by the information clampdown .
Many had hoped to make big money off the much - hyped iPhone franchise , and many developers are .
Apple recently said that customers have downloaded more than 60 million games , productivity tools and other widgets through its iPhone App Store , which lets programmers sell software or give it away .
But many Apple enthusiasts are left in the cold .
Advertisement
“ We ca n’t talk about our problems , ” said Jeffrey Long , a developer for Banterability who is working on a satellite radio program for the iPhone .
“ At the same time , we ca n’t talk about the problems we ’ve fixed . ”
Apple did not return calls seeking comment .
When it launched the iPhone last year , Apple decided it would be a closed platform -- developers could create programs that ran on the device ’s Web browser but not programs that could be downloaded to the device itself , as they can for computers .
After a backlash , Apple opened the iPhone to programmers in March and began selling their programs through its App Store in July .
Apple says it sells about $ 1 million in iPhone programs each day .
Advertisement
But to get the software needed to create iPhone programs , developers had to sign a nondisclosure agreement .
They expected Apple to lift the restrictions on July 11 , when the new version of the multifunction gadget , the iPhone 3G , hit stores .
Many developers say they are erring on the side of caution .
They interpret the agreement to mean they can talk about the programs that they make , but they ca n’t discuss the Apple developer tools used to make them , even with friends .
They also believe they ’re barred from sharing their thoughts and iPhone programming tips on blogs , on discussion boards , via e-mail and at conferences .
After all , Apple has sued before , including acting against a blogger accused of misappropriating the company ’s trade secrets by publishing scoops about new products .
( The case was settled . )
Advertisement
Some have taken the risk and discussed the iPhone development process openly , and so far faced no repercussions .
WordPress.org is making an open - source version of its iPhone blogging software , meaning that anyone can contribute to its development .
In the process , WordPress is publicly discussing its work and exposing the software code for its iPhone program .
Apple has not complained about the practice to WordPress , said Matt Mullenweg , one of the lead developers .
But some developers fear that the gag order is preventing iPhone programs from being as technically sound and polished as they could be .
“ This incredible top - down control is not having a good effect on the developer community , ” said Erica Sadun , a Denver technology writer whose “ The iPhone Developer ’s Cookbook ” is completed but unpublished .
Advertisement
The legal strength of the nondisclosure agreement could be shaky , said Aaron Moss , a partner with Greenberg Glusker Fields Claman & Machtinger in Los Angeles .
“ A court might be sympathetic to an argument that it is overly broad , ” he said .
“ The need to protect is less when the product has been released .
But no individual wants to be the one to take on Apple . ”
Some developers who are seeking help have resorted to paying each other $ 1 .
That way , if challenged by Apple ’s legal department , they can argue that they are subcontractors and therefore free to discuss the software .
For book publishers and conference organizers , where tens or hundreds of thousands of dollars are involved , the legal risks are greater .
Advertisement
Kevin Hoffman , editor in chief of Sys - Con Media ’s iPhone Developer ’s Journal , is organizing the iPhone Developer Summit for October in San Jose .
He said he planned to steer clear of discussions that might break the nondisclosure agreement and instead limit sessions to safe topics such as programming for the iPhone ’s browser and generic programming for the Macintosh .
“ There ’s a lot of people I ’d like to help with code that I can ’t , ” he said .
Other iPhone - related conferences have looked the other way as people shared information about the iPhone .
At Manning Publications , marketing coordinator Steven Hong is worried he is going to have to give refunds to the 400 customers who already bought the company ’s iPhone guide , “ iPhone in Action . ”
Advertisement
They have received electronic versions of the half of the book that covers iPhone Web development but not the 131 pages on the software development kit .
“ If this goes on , the number of upset customers will increase , ” Hong said .
“ Our production schedule is very tentative right now . ”
Dave Thomas , a founder of Pragmatic Programmers , a consulting firm and publisher , also has an iPhone book he ca n’t publish .
“ Ultimately , consumers are suffering here , ” he said .
“ We ’re seeing some bad applications on the iPhone .
It ’s stifling innovation . ”
Advertisement
--
michelle.quinn@latimes.com
Mark and I were talking the other day about some scenes from movies and television that were just classic , and great to remember .
Check out some of my favorites .
We 're not even officially in a recession , and already the culture czars over at New York have dubbed the economic crisis precipitated by our financial system 's collapse The Greatest Depression !
Such hyperbole , I know !
So what makes the tag feel so goddamn right ?
Other than the fact that I think it is really great I do n't have to write about subprime celebrities anymore ?
I found five things that are basically all the same thing and formed a little listicle !
1 .
Because money is overrated !
We know this .
We know it so well .
And just to prove it we pay billions of dollars to science to prove it to us , year after year after year .
And yet .
As a society we totally live and die ( no not really , we just act like we live and die ! ) by the tiny nuances of the trajectory of the aggregate of all the flows of all that money , as if it Really Totally Matters .
We do this , obviously , because we 're obsessed with making comparisons - am I at least doing as well as last year ?
Am I really smarter than his last girlfriend ?
Should n't I buy a house now that all my friends are doing it ?
- because it is just so much easier than the Is This Bringing Me Joy question that seems so totally sappy and sentimental we find it to be a hilarious joke when some little Third World country like Bhutan pragmatically invents a Gross National Happiness
Index because no one actually thought of that first .
But as the Times reminds us today :
Research has shown a significant level of depression , for example , among lottery winners .
Other research has shown that above a household income of $ 50,000 , there is little or no correlation between income and happiness .
2. Because
It is already making New York more fun funner !
Nick wanted me to point out that the Great Depression was good or some industries - electrical engineering , film - that are maybe more worthwhile and exciting than the freaking stock market , but that brings me to a larger point .
On Saturday I got this email from a friend who is a specialist on the New York Stock Exchange :
Last week was one of the most exciting weeks of my life .
I think traders who had previously taken psychedelics had an unfair advantage .
Which kind of neatly underscores an important truth of this city : we are here for the " action . "
We are not here for the riches or because Guiliani made it so tidy and safe and Singaporean like our relatives always annoyingly assume when we so graciously leave it to endure family gatherings .
I mean , if our relatives ever visited us they would know that New York is still fundamentally gross , and THAT'S SORT OF WHY WE'RE HERE .
It is fucked up , but we chose to live among the tenements and the rats and all that once - proud peeling buckling infrastructure and all those whiffs of strangers ' body odor because something about it makes us feel alive , even as the constant unquenchable thirst for that feeling also exposes the parts of our insides that we 're slowly choking to death .
But look !
The New York Observer reports people are actually talking to strangers on the subway again .
It 's a paradox , and creative destruction , and possibly sector rotation - so the action leaves the Street for a little while , it will return in some gross new neighborhood the haters will instantly hate just as much .
In the meantime , it 's like that time all the power went out !
Everyone loved that , remember ?
Oh and remember the subway strike ?
People loved that too .
Shit , they probably secretly loved the cholera epidemic .
Moral of story : we love that the economy is as fucked - up as we are .
Like , there is a reason they call it " depression " duh !
3 . Because Haters are tired of Hating !
I am not such a hater that I did not find it touching how right after 9/11 the Two Americas united to declare War On Haters .
Petey Pablo penned that patriotic remix of his " North Carolina " song and Ja Rule and Kid Rock hung out together at some military base , etc. etc .
Fast forward seven years , and the New York Times brings us the amusing news that Sarah Palin actually refers to her critics as " haters . "
This nonsense rapper concept reached all the way out to Alaska !
Can we kill it now ?
It turns out yes !
Because the very next week , following comparisons of the professional stock market haters known as shorts to terrorists and homicide bombers , the SEC actually outlawed short - selling !
It outlawed hate .
You would think this action would have gotten more hate from the shorts , but I have a theory : Haters really like nothing more that to be put out of their Hating - Ass Misery , at least for a few weeks .
( Remember 9/11 ? )
And this way they got to be proven right in the process , which is really all they care about .
In any case , the Depression will sort of force Hateration Nation to acknowledge the symbiotic nature of its relationship with the Plutocrats , Jocks , Preachers , Republicans , Bloviating Public Intellectuals , Venture Capitalists and Self - Help Gurus that Make This Country " Great " and vice versa .
Fittingly , this grudging detente was prophesied by the rapper Maino in the remix to his song Hi Hater .
4 . Because everyone feels a lot better about capitalism now that Warren Buffet is the guy who will be making another few billion dollars profiting off its near - collapse !
If you are a capitalist , Warren Buffet was your hero when you were , like , eight .
By the time you started your first private equity internship or whatever you were more like " Ah , Buffet , sentimental old sucker , making his money the hard way like that . "
Why ?
Because Warren Buffet made $ 62 billion over a six decade career investing in real companies over the Very Long Term , and that is just so unnecessary when you can make like at least a billion dollars in like a year just by taking a 20 % fee on some money you got from rich folks plus a whole lot more money you got to borrow from banks at superlow rates , and throwing all that into some algorithm whereby the money makes a gazillion trades a day on some supercomplex financial instruments made up by bankers who got bored of collecting fees splitting up and re-packaging the weary pieces of the American economy and in any case , now you somehow make a half penny on the dollar every time some ratio goes below pi and none of it requires any entanglements with companies that actually produce stuff at all ( thank god because that would be awkward . )
Well , putting all that money through all that pointless action was not for Warren Buffet .
Not because he worries about detachment from labor or any of that Marxist crap , but because it actually did just seem so pointless .
( Buffet once said of gold : " It gets dug out of the ground in Africa , or someplace .
Then we melt it down , dig another hole , bury it again and pay people to stand around guarding it .
It has no utility .
Anyone watching from Mars would be scratching their head . " )
Anyhow , so all this madness goes on for a few decades , generates a little " liquidity crisis " and suddenly Goldman Sachs has to become a real bank , which basically means the Smartest Richest Most Elite Motherfuckers on Wall Street are forced to sit acknowledge the existence of the Actual Economy .
Put a wonkier way : Exchange Value , Meet Use Value !
And Buffet sees that investors are worried about this , but he knows it 's a good plan for the Long Term everyone laughed at him for caring about , so he plows $ 5 billion into it at supergood terms and suddenly everyone 's like , " Damn , that Buffet , he really is pretty smart . "
And smart turns out not to be incompatible with good !
5 . Because there is a reason they call it the " Dismal " Science !
At some point the economists of America got sick of no one listening to their earnest well - intentioned prescriptions for making globalization not so shitty , so they launched a hostile takeover of psychology and wrote ninety different books full of highly detailed " analyses " of why people do the things they do .
The message of these books was generally : " Hey , Starbucks Is Smart And Other Crazy Ideas ! "
These books became bestsellers because in times like these there is a huge market for books that state true facts without being totally depressing or resorting to " self - help , " which is to say they basically amounted to self - help , which is to say they kind of dumbed down the profession .
Well , here is a true fact : last week chief Freakonomist Steve Levitt made the following admission on his own damn Freakonomics blog :
As an economist , I am supposed to have something intelligent to say about the current financial crisis .
To be honest , however , I have n't got the foggiest idea what this all means .
Anyway , the point is , the fiftieth anniversary of The Affluent Society came and went and no economist managed to write a more relevant book about the economy .
Although The Affluent Society author John Kenneth Gabraith 's son James is apparently trying to do that now !
Its solar - power generating table that keeps your portable devices charged .
It ’s made of steel and teak , takes about four hours of direct sun exposure to get all charged up .
It has a voltage meter that displays the voltage of the battery , and the hour meter displays the total hours the table has been ON and the stainless steel legs are resistant to weather .
It offers power enough for more than 4 hours of laptop use .
You can pick up the Sun Table for Just $ 2,200 .
About 50 tonnes of cocaine are shipped through West Africa each year
The governor , mayor and top police officials of a town in Guinea have been arrested in a drugs raid .
The officials from the northern town of Boke were taken to the capital , Conakry , for questioning .
An aircraft allegedly carrying a large quantity of cocaine mysteriously landed and took off early on Thursday in Boke .
The UN says Latin American drugs cartels are using West Africa as a transit point to smuggle huge quantities of cocaine to Europe .
The BBC's Alhassan Sillah in Conakry says the plane landed at Boke airport at 0400 local time on Thursday .
It was suspected to have come from neighbouring Guinea - Bissau , which observers warn is in danger of becoming a " narco- state " .
In a separate raid on the same day , Conakry police and soldiers swooped on a truck , allegedly loaded with cocaine and cannabis .
Our reporter says the quantities of drugs seized have not been revealed .
The UN estimates that at least 50 tonnes of cocaine are shipped through the West African region every year .
Palin appeared at the bar on 20th and Walnut streets last night to shake hands with her fans for about an hour before the first presidential debate .
While the crowd inside was friendly , hundreds of people lined the street outside in protest with signs that read things like " Palin is Santorum With Lipstick . "
Communism in America Alive and Kicking !
When considering taxation , there are three choices :
The few plunder the many .
Everybody plunders everybody .
Nobody plunders anybody .
Frdric Bastiat
The Communist Manifesto was created by a man named Moses Mordecai Levi under the alias Karl Marx .
There are ten planks to the Communist party platform , each covering distinct areas of government and society and providing for a self - perpetuating , mindless system whereby no other possible alternatives are considered or tolerated .
In this essay , I intend to show that though the cold war is indeed over , and with the United States of America still expending trillions of dollars a year to maintain its military industrial complex , Communism is still alive and well in the United States and is indeed thriving in the gradual implementation of the Ten Planks of Communism through Federal and State governments ' social and industrial programs disguised as necessary or essential checks , balances and “ fixes ” on our “ capitalist ” society .
From the first steps toward the abolition of land ownership to the assumption of the parental responsibility of educating our children , this manifesto is being implemented before our very eyes , and the State educated populace , through no fault of their own , is blind to these changes and in many cases , unwittingly accepts their political leaders ' assurances as being righteous and necessary .
Let 's consider each plank of this manifesto and consider how the designs of Communism are being achieved in the United States today .
First plank : “ Abolition of all property and land ownership and the application of all rents for public purposes ” .
Property tax .
The property owner has an equity position in real property ( land ) but is required to pay “ rent ” to the State or be forcibly deprived of the property in question by invocation of the fourth plank described later .
Under this system , a person never really owns the property as he is required to pay the State to allow him to keep possession of it every year , thus implying that the State owns the property and allows the real owner to retain its utility upon payment of a yearly fee .
This fee is then added to the general treasury funds and redistributed by government fiat to pay for other social , government and welfare * programs that the hapless property owner never sees and has no need or want of , including ( this is not a misprint ) the collection and enforcement of property taxes .
* Note that the word welfare , as used in this document , does not just refer to recipients of government welfare checks , but includes government funding of corporate welfare projects and enforcement of monopoly privilege or industry - specific restrictions ( usually designed to eliminate open competition ) used to repay political supporters , including the multi-trillion dollar military industrial complex .
Second plank : “ Heavy progressive income tax ” .
Internal Revenue Service .
The federal government and many States require each adult to fill out a personal income tax form and remit a considerable portion of their earnings each year , based on their success in profiting from their efforts .
Failure to do so will invoke sanctions under the fourth plank described later .
Approximately 40 % of the Federal Treasury income is derived from direct income taxation .
These funds are then added to the general treasury and redistributed by government fiat to pay for Federal government enforcement ranging from social and welfare programs to maintaining an overseas empire , that the hapless taxpayer never sees and has no need or want of , including the collection and enforcement of direct income taxes ( am I being redundant ? ) .
Interestingly enough , if the entire direct income system of taxation were abolished , Federal government receipts would still equal 1995 levels .
In the first two planks , we see that each property owning , working individual is required to pay taxes in order to retain ownership of personal property , asin the case of property taxes and maintain his personal liberty , asin the case of income taxes .
Under this system , it is obvious that the State or Federal governments assume ownership of persons and their property , albeit on a partial basis .
The average taxpayer works for approximately 6 months of the year in order to pay all of the required taxes and tariffs imposed by all branches of government , local and Federal .
In other words , government assumes ownership of all that a person produces or owns and allows him to retain a government - designated portion of his property by fiat .
Under a generous definition , we may call this theft ; it is more properly described as slavery .
Third plank : “ Abolition of all rights of inheritance ” .
Under the probate court system , the State assumes ownership of the estate , not the rightful heirs .
A person who dies intestate ( leaving no will or trust ) effectively leaves his worldly possessions to be disposed by the State , which happily liquidates the assets and absorbs this income .
The rightful heirs are then required to sue the State for possession of their rightful property , paying all fees and charges that in many cases are more than the value of the estate in question .
If a person does leave a will , the State taxes the heirs based on the value of the estate before allowing transfer of assets .
Once again , the State assumes ownership and allows transfer of a portion of rightfully owned property by fiat .
In many cases , the heir is forced to sell off portions of the estate to pay the taxes .
Fourth plank : “ Confiscation of property of all immigrants and rebels ” .
Tax rebels are routinely and methodically stripped of all rightful assets and deprived of their constitutional rights and personal liberty through the prison system .
Those who challenge this system of taxation and imprisonment are subjected to lengthy and invasive inquiries and costly legal proceedings whereby they are given the impossible task of proving a negative , ie , that they are guilty until proven otherwise .
The proceeds are then added to the general treasury and used to fund , amongst many other things , ( you guessed it ) IRS actions against tax rebels .
Fifth plank : “ Centralization of credit by the creation of a national bank ” .
The Federal Reserve System .
Since the enactment of the Federal Reserve Act of 1913 , debts of all descriptions are not paid in specie ( gold or silver ) .
The only legal tender is a fiat currency issued by the Federal Reserve Bank .
Under this system , monetary policy is set by a cartel of central banking monopolists and implemented by government fiat .
Money as we know it is simply created out of thin air by the use of the printing press or electronic transfer and the supply is then further inflated by a cartel of fractional reserve banks who create multiple simultaneous loans of the same funds and charge interest on money that they do not own and do not even have in their possession !
In this way , a single dollar created by the Federal Reserve is used to pyramid loans to the tune of ten thousand dollars in the marketplace ( once again , not a misprint ) .
Besides having a destabilizing effect on the market through mal - investments ( entrepreneurs borrow based on artificially low interest rates ) thus causing needless bankruptcies , monetary inflation causes a chronic rise in the general pricing structure ( more money chasing the same amount of goods causes prices to rise over time ) .
Rising prices cause consumers to spend their earnings more quickly before the prices rise again , suppressing savings and artificially raising demand .
In this way , through the central banking cartel , government controls and manipulates markets to its own ends and those of its political contributors , often to the detriment of the consumer , who is left with static wages and spiraling prices .
Sixth plank : “ Centralization of the means of communication and transport in the hands of the State ” .
US Department of Transportation and State equivalents .
Haulage trucks are routinely forced to drive in and out of DOT scales to provide proof that they are not carrying more goods than the government allows and that they are carrying goods approved of by the government .
Failure to stop at a designated weigh station and submit to search results in sanctions under the fourth plank above ( rebellious behavior will not be tolerated ) .
Sanctions are brought against any trucker or trucking company found to be in violation of any of the literally thousands of DOT laws and arbitrary standards .
The added expense to ensure DOT compliance for industry is incalculable but runs into the billions or trillions of dollars every year .
This added cost is passed to the consumer in the form of higher prices in the marketplace .
Private vehicles are tagged with unique identifiers bearing the yearly rental fee sticker ( car tax ) .
A vehicle owner who refuses to pay the fee is deprived of his property ( vehicle is towed ) and disallowed from using the transportation system by having his license suspended until the tax is paid and all accompanying fees are satisfied , such as the towing and storage fee and license reinstatement fee .
These taxes and fees are purportedly used for road maintenance and improvements , in practice , they are applied to the general treasury to await government fiat .
Once again , honest people are burdened with a system of taxation that is to their detriment .
Seventh plank : “ Government control of factories and the instruments of production owned by the State ; the bringing into cultivation of wastelands and the improvement of the soil generally in accordance with a common plan ” .
The Bureau of Land Management , Department of Agriculture , Environmental Protection Agency , Food and Drug Administration , their individual State equivalents and many other government bureaus , agencies and authorities are all part of the ideology that government is responsible for approving the placement of factories , operation of mines , quantity and quality of production from agriculture , declaration and operation of National Parks , etc , etc , etc .
The list of examples of government interference in private enterprise under this plank is practically endless .
For instance , the Department of Agriculture routinely pays farmers NOT to plant certain crops or even to leave the fields fallow in order to manipulate the commodities markets .
More recently is the refusal of the United States Congress to allow oil exploration in the ANWAR region of Alaska because such activity may disturb a few moose !
By interfering in the sovereign right of individuals to dispose of their possessions ( including land ) as they see fit , government distorts the marketplace and damages the interests of both producers and consumers .
Eighth plank : “ Equal obligation of all to work , establishment of industrial armies , especially for agriculture ” .
By implementing the first two planks of the Communist Manifesto , government takes great strides to ensuring that this eighth plank is implemented .
The requirement that taxes be paid on income , automobiles and real property each year has the effect of forcing many to work ( if even part - time ) simply to keep what they already own .
Under the fifth plank , steady inflation of the money supply causes the ( now familiar and almost un- remarked ) chronic rise in prices , forcing yet more to work simply to maintain their present standard of living as the value of their fixed income is systematically eroded .
Since this plank was written , agricultural technology has improved to the extent that a single operator is capable of achieving the work of many hundreds of manual workers of the nineteenth century .
However , with the implementation of agricultural mechanization , we have seen the gradual decline of the family run farm so typical of the American way of life in favor of huge corporate farming interests with enormous presence in the Congressional lobby .
Through farming subsidies in the amount of billions of dollars and protective tariffs , these industrial farming interests manipulate markets to their own advantage and to the detriment of consumers .
Ninth plank : “ A combination of agriculture with manufacturing industries , gradual abolition of the distinction between town and country by a more equitable distribution of population over the country ” .
The Federal Emergency Management Agency assumes the risk associated with living in less desirable , or more dangerous , regions of the country .
Those parts of the country prone to natural disasters such as wind , flood , earthquake , landslide , or other natural or man-made disaster ; would be prohibitive to live in economically except that the federal government , through FEMA , assumes the risk for these natural occurrences , a function traditionally carried out by private insurance .
The existence of FEMA gives previously untenable , disaster - prone land the illusion of viability , thus redistributing the population more evenly over the entire country .
Under these conditions , natural phenomena such as hurricane Katrina , that a hundred years ago would have only impacted the lives of several thousand people and caused limited collateral damage , today has impacted the lives of hundreds of thousands and cost billions of dollars in collateral damage .
It boggles the mind that after such an experience , the Federal government would not only provide financial and material support for those affected ( a function much better left to private charity organizations ) , but encourages residents to rebuild on a hurricane - prone river delta that is slowly sinking further below sea level each year .
Tenth plank : “ Free education for all children in public schools , abolition of children 's factory labor in its present form and conform education to industrial productions ” .
On average , 75 % of property taxes in any given State go to support the public school system .
Parents are forced by law to tithe their children to the State education system or risk having them forcibly removed from the home by the State and placed in State - run foster homes , possibly never to be seen by their parents again !
Children who are home - schooled are required to take State designated tests at given intervals and those who fail to meet the State - specified standard are forced into the public school system , once again , against the parents ' wishes .
This system forces homeowners ( who may or may not even have any school - aged children ) to subsidize the State educational requirements of their neighbors , and even that of people they have never even met and likely do n't know exist !
More and more , State education provides more emphasis on industry - driven content and less on the practical ability to solve issues of a moral or discerning nature .
Ask any 5 - year - old if it is wrong to steal and the majority will respond in the affirmative .
Follow up and ask “ why ” and the waters get a little murkier .
Some may say because Mommy or Daddy does n't like it ; some because the deprived party will get mad about it ; some because the policeman will come and take you away ; rarely will you hear that it is morally wrong to deprive someone of their rightful ownership and utility ( natural law of property ownership ) .
Some may blame the parent for this lapse : Bear in mind that the school - aged child spends half of his waking life in the public school system , where the moral responsibilities of natural law are not on the curriculum .
Thus we see that the ten planks of the communist Manifesto are alive and doing well in the United States of America .
The latest round of Congressional hand - wringing over whether the Federal government should provide in excess ( and believe me , it will be well in excess ) of one trillion dollars to bail out a financial system that , driven by pure greed , made trillions of dollars in bad loans ( and a fat profit along the way ) is a testament to the further growth and entrenchment of Communism in our political and economic system .
Under the supreme laws of our constitutional republic , each elected representative has sworn an oath to do nothing to help these greedy fools in any way .
The founders who , in their benevolent wisdom , drafted , fought for and handed down our constitution are likely spinning in their graves to know that our elected representatives have even considered such a course .
NOTE : No Communists were killed or maimed in the production of this essay , though many in government are probably very pissed off now that their cover is blown
This time it is Silver State Bank of Henderson , NV to go bankrupt .
Read the press release below .
This one is pretty large with assets of $ 2 billion and it has ties to Republican Presidential nominee McCain .
See my list of Bankrupt global financial institutions for major bankruptcies and my Credit Crisis Timeline for writedown announcements .
Until recently , the son of Republican nominee Sen .
John McCain sat on Silver State ’s board and was a member of its three - person audit committee , which was responsible for overseeing the company ’s financial condition .
– Wall Street Journal
This particular little bankruptcy has the potential to be very explosive given the position that John McCain ’s own son had on the audit board and given his stealthy exit from the company just weeks ago , according to Bloomberg .
Andrew McCain , the son of presumptive Republican presidential nominee John McCain , served on the board audit committee of a Nevada bank facing losses and scrutiny by federal and state regulators , the Wall Street Journal reported .
Andrew McCain , 46 , resigned from the board of Silver State Bancorp on July 25 after serving just five months , the newspaper said .
A week later , the bank reported a loss of $ 62.7 million in the second quarter , the Journal said .
The bank Aug. 14 said it actually lost $ 73.2 million in the quarter ; regulators are investigating , the Journal said .
There is no evidence that Andrew McCain committed any wrong - doing , the Journal said .
His full - time job is chief financial officer for Hensley & Co. , the Arizona beer distributor owned by Cindy McCain , wife of the senator .
John and Andrew McCain declined to comment , the Journal said .
– Bloomberg
Stay tuned !
I expect this will hit the newswires in a big way .
Silver State Bank , Henderson , Nevada , was closed today by the Nevada Financial Institutions Division , and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) was named Receiver .
To protect the depositors , the FDIC entered into a Purchase and Assumption Agreement with Nevada State Bank , Las Vegas , Nevada , to assume the Insured Deposits of Silver State Bank .
The branches of Silver State Bank will open on Monday as Nevada State Bank in Nevada and National Bank of Arizona in Arizona .
Depositors of the failed bank will automatically become depositors of Nevada State Bank or National Bank of Arizona .
Deposits will continue to be insured by the FDIC , so there is no need for customers to change their banking relationship to retain their deposit insurance coverage .
Over the weekend , customers of Silver State Bank can access their money by writing checks or using ATM or debit cards .
Checks drawn on the bank will continue to be processed .
Loan customers should continue to make their payments as usual .
As of June 30 , 2008 , Silver State Bank had total assets of $ 2.0 billion and total deposits of $ 1.7 billion .
Nevada State Bank agreed to purchase the insured deposits for a premium of 1.3 percent .
At the time of closing , there were approximately $ 20 million in uninsured deposits held in approximately 500 accounts that potentially exceeded the insurance limits .
This amount is an estimate that is likely to change once the FDIC obtains additional information from these customers .
Silver State Bank also had approximately $ 700 million in brokered deposits that are not part of today ’s transaction .
The FDIC will pay the brokers directly for the amount of their insured funds .
Customers with accounts in excess of $ 100,000 should contact the FDIC toll - free at 1-800-523-8177 to set up an appointment to discuss their deposits .
This phone number will be operational this evening until 9:00 p.m. PDT ; on Saturday and Sunday from 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. PDT ; and on Monday and thereafter from 8:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m. PDT .
Customers who would like more information on today ’s transaction should visit the FDIC ’s Web site at https://www.fdic.gov/bank/individual/failed/silverstate.html.
Beginning Monday , depositors of Silver State Bank with more than $ 100,000 at the bank may visit the FDIC ’s Web page , “ Is My Account Fully Insured ? ” at https://www2.fdic.gov/dip/Index.asp to determine their insurance coverage
In addition to assuming the failed bank ’s insured deposits , Nevada State Bank will purchase a small amount of assets comprised of cash and securities .
The FDIC will retain the remaining assets for later disposition .
The transaction is the least costly resolution option , and the FDIC estimates that the cost to its Deposit Insurance Fund is between $ 450 and $ 550 million .
Silver State Bank is the second bank to fail in Nevada in 2008 .
First National Bank of Nevada , Reno failed on July 25 , 2008 .
This year , a total of eleven FDIC - insured institutions have been closed .
Source
Press Release : Nevada State Bank Acquires the Insured Deposits of Silver State Bank , FDIC
En Español
Related posts
Georgia bank fails with $ 1.1 billion in assets
The Roskilde Bank problem
Two IndyMac customers lost unsecured deposits
What if a large U.S. regional bank goes to the wall ?
FDIC steps in at two more failed banks
IndyMac : Another Banking Bankruptcy
Related articles
Regulators Shutter Silver State Bank – WSJ
Silver State of Nevada Is 11th Bank Failure This Year – Bloomberg
McCain ’s Son Sat on Troubled Bank ’s Board – Wall Street Journal
National Media Finally Examining McCain ’s Son Role In Failing Bank – Huffington Post
Andrew McCain Resigns from Silver State Bank – Huffington Post
PORTAGE , Wis. , Sept. 12 ( UPI ) --
A Wisconsin appeals court says a man charged with allegedly having sex with his comatose wife in a nursing home had the right to an expectation of privacy .
The District 4 Court of Appeals Thursday upheld the dismissal of videotape evidence of David W. Johnson , 59 , of Watertown , Wis. , allegedly having sex with his wife , a stroke victim , in Divine Savior Nursing Home in Portage in 2005 , The Madison Capital Times reported Friday .
Advertisement
Portage police installed the camera without Johnson 's knowledge after nursing home officials said they suspected Johnson was sexually touching his wife , the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel reported Friday .
A spokesman for state Attorney General J.B. Van Hollen said his office may appeal the case to the Wisconsin Supreme Court because prosecutors view the case as sexual assault , the Sentinel reported .
Johnson 's lawyer , T. Christopher Kelly , of Madison , said his client should be left alone .
" Mr. Johnson deeply loves his wife , " Kelly said .
" He 's spent every day talking to her , holding her , trying to stay connected with her and bring her back .
I think he 's entitled to privacy in this matter . "
BARACK Obama will visit a major Islamic capital and deliver one of his trademark stirring speeches during the first 12 months of his presidency , his national security adviser Greg Craig has revealed .
Mr Craig , who was senior adviser to Secretary of State Madeleine Albright and Assistant to former president Bill Clinton , talked about Senator Obama 's plans for better engagement in the region during a seminar organised by the New America Foundation , attended by Democratic Party delegates and academics on Wednesday .
Dealing with the Middle East and re-energising peace talks would be an early priority for an Obama administration , he said .
A speech would be a security nightmare , but would underscore the new approach an Obama presidency would bring to the Middle East - including engagement with America 's enemies as well as its friends .
Mr Craig said the administration would go far beyond simply trying to deal with the Palestinian - Israel situation , consulting with a wide range of Middle Eastern countries , in what analysts have described as the " grand bargain " approach .
A couple of Fridays ago , I woke up , staggered into the kitchen for my morning Diet Coke , and found myself to the right of Sarah Palin .
It was unfamiliar territory , to say the least .
" Guess who McCain picked ? " my husband asked .
Info Sarah Palin
Just because a candidate is a woman does n't mean she 's a woman 's candidate .
New Times columnist Sarah Fenske and Amy Silverman , her editor , were at each other 's throats over Hillary Clinton but that was nothing compared to the vitriol they 've exchanged since John McCain picked Sarah Palin .
Finally , Amy and Sarah agreed to disagree and to share their two very different perspectives with readers .
Read Sarah 's column here .
I guessed Lieberman , then Hutchison , then I stopped in my tracks .
" No way .
He did not pick her . "
" Oh , yes . "
Neither of us was sure how to pronounce her name , and we did n't know much about her politics , but both my husband and I knew exactly who Sarah Palin was .
We paid attention in April , when she had her fifth baby , Trig .
We pay attention to things like that .
Our 5 - year - old daughter has Down syndrome .
I immediately started shrieking , and did n't stop for a week .
" I knew it I knew it I knew it I knew it I knew it I knew it !
I KNEW John McCain could n't resist putting a baby with Down syndrome up there on the national stage — that opportunist ! ! "
I paced the kitchen with my husband at my heels , admonishing me to keep my voice down so I did n't wake the kids .
I gave him a dirty look and paused to take a breath .
And then it happened .
I said it .
" And what the fuck does this woman think she 's doing ; does she have any idea what it takes to raise a kid with Down syndrome ?
She thinks she can be vice president and take care of that baby ? "
I stopped , startling myself , and clapped my hand over my own mouth .
Where had that come from ?
How Sarah Palin parents her kids is absolutely none of my business .
I know that .
At least , the rational me knows that .
I mean , it 's not like I want to hear what Palin thinks of my life .
I have two daughters — Sophie , my 5 - year - old , and Annabelle , who is 7 — and I have a full - time job .
My own balancing act is inelegant .
Forget leading the free world ; I can't even balance my hair on the top of my head as well as Sarah Palin does .
I do n't wear high heels .
My glasses were on clearance at LensCrafters .
And my milk never did come in , so I never got to leave a meeting to breastfeed .
I sneak out of bed at 4 a .m. to get some work done before it 's time to make lunches , so I can sneak out of work at 2:30 to take my kid to her Brownie meeting .
My eye twitches all the time from fatigue , and there are currently three overflowing baskets of laundry in my living room .
My office is even worse .
I know how hard it is , being a working mom .
And how important .
But I stopped yelling only for a moment .
Then I started again .
I had taken up a pitchfork and joined the Mommy Wars — and on a side I never would have expected .
" Oooooh , no judgments .
We do n't judge each other , " a friend ( another working mom ) said , almost under her breath , when I called her that morning after dropping the kids at school , and continued my rant .
" I know ! " I screamed .
" I do n't know where this is coming from ! "
Actually , I did .
As a staff writer at New Times for many years , I wrote a lot about John McCain — on other topics , too , but a lot about McCain .
When Annabelle was born , that continued .
It was n't until Sophie came along that I felt compelled to take a different job at the paper , as an editor .
It 's just as tough , but not as all - consuming as writing those long cover stories we publish each week .
So , basically , I stopped writing about McCain so I could spend more time with my baby with Down syndrome ( I was also , frankly , banking on the notion that he'd never make a run for president in 2008 ) and now here he is , poised to be the next leader of the free world , and his running mate is a woman with a baby with Down syndrome .
People say otherwise , but politics is at its best when it 's personal , when it cuts so close to the vest it nicks your heart .
That is when people make it out to the polls .
It 's when change happens .
But really , this is ridiculous .
Tell me you would n't run around your kitchen shrieking , too .
I 'm pretty much done shrieking .
Now I 'm just scared .
And mad that I wasted so much time being pissed at myself for being distracted by Sarah Palin 's personal life .
Her personal life is not a distraction ; it 's her selling point , and to that end , it deserves the scrutiny it 's gotten , and more .
When she put her four kids center stage — literally — and talked about the fifth fighting in Iraq , she made perfectly clear what she brings to this campaign : her experience as a hockey mom .
And how sad that she was willing to put her oldest daughter through the humiliation of having her unplanned pregnancy outed to everyone in the world with access to a television set .
Palin is shamelessly using her personal life to sell her candidacy in a way that 's reminiscent of just one other politician I can think of — and that 's John McCain .
But at least in McCain 's case , he's his own pawn , vis -à - vis his POW story .
Track , Bristol , Willow , Piper , and Trig are their mother 's pawns .
My conservative friends are right .
If I agreed with Sarah Palin 's politics , I 'd probably think that was all just fine ( see Sarah Fenske 's column in this issue ) .
But I do n't share Palin 's politics .
And I 've got my own daughters to think about .
Yes , I 'd love for them to have role models , to see women aspiring to the highest office , the best job , to do it all in heels and backwards and better than any man .
But I can't indulge in symbolism — not this week , anyway .
I do n't have time .
The world 's going to shit .
The air here in Phoenix is so thick with pollution it hurts to breathe .
The other day I took a sip of tap water that tasted so bad I spit it out .
Later this week , I have to go to Sophie 's public school to try to convince everyone from the principal on down that my kindergartner 's safety is in jeopardy .
She keeps escaping from the playground at recess .
They say there 's no money for a part - time aide .
I get that .
This year , budget cuts cost the school its full - time librarian .
And you expect me to rely on Sarah Palin , a woman who wants to ban books and teach creationism , and John McCain , a man who wants to ban government spending on almost everything but war , to help me take care of my kids ?
I often joke that I 'm closer to being a socialist than a social conservative , but actually , it 's true .
I do believe that government has a role in our lives , and more than ever since I had kids , particularly Sophie .
I never had to navigate a government agency ' til Sophie was born , and let me tell you , there 's room for improvement .
There 's never enough funding — that 's a given — but worse , the whole system is so poorly managed you practically need a Ph.D. in public policy ( or another parent who 's already been though this , or a lawyer , or all three ) to help you get services for your kid .
Just last month , I met a mother with a 6 - year - old son with Down syndrome .
He 's pretty much never had any therapy at all ; he 's not speaking , he is n't potty trained .
The mom gave up after someone told her there was a waiting list for services ( not true ) and several of her calls went unreturned .
All you need to do is drive to the center of any large city in America and watch homeless schizophrenics push shopping carts to see the effects another social conservative — Ronald Reagan — had on another disenfranchised group , the country 's mentally ill .
Maybe Sarah Palin means what she says , and she really will devote more resources to helping people with developmental disabilities .
Right now , there 's a heated debate on the Internet over whether she 's cut funding in Alaska .
Frankly , I do n't see it as a good sign that there 's any question at all .
Sophie's one of the smartest kids with Down syndrome her teachers have ever seen , but the reality is that she 'll never be completely independent .
And if something were to happen to me and my friends and family , Sophie would have to rely on the kindness of strangers — namely , the government .
I do n't know if Sarah Palin would create a safety net strong enough to catch Sophie , but I do know one area of my daughter 's life ( both my daughters ' lives ) that interests her greatly .
Reproductive rights .
It 's the elephant in the middle of the room .
I know , I know , if I were against abortion , like Sarah Palin , the woman would be my role model .
I 'd think she was one badass chick , and I 'd want to go out drinking with her .
But I 'm pro-choice .
When the obstetrician told me I had a significantly higher chance of having a baby with Down syndrome ( not just because I was 36 , but because of what a blood test indicated ) I called my husband and said , " What should we do ?
Should I have an amniocentesis ? "
" Why would you do that ? " he replied .
" It 's not like you 'd get an abortion . "
As soon as he said it , I knew it was true .
That was my choice — our choice — to make .
Now Sarah Palin wants to make it for me , and more important , she wants to make it for my daughters .
We wo n't be teaching abstinence - only at home ( though my husband will surely tell both girls they can't date ' til they 're 40 ! ) , so I do n't expect Annabelle to get pregnant at 17 .
But if she does , the choice of what to do needs be our family 's choice , not our government's .
When it comes to this topic , to be honest , I can barely bring myself to think of Sophie .
You should meet Sophie .
She is one of the most engaging human beings I 've ever encountered .
I know everyone always says that about people with Down syndrome .
But with this kid , it 's true .
Then again , I 'm not so sure I want you to meet her .
Not 'til you 've had an FBI background check .
Just yesterday in Costco , she introduced herself to the woman in line behind us .
" I'm Sophie ! " she announced , eager to make a new friend .
The grandmotherly woman smiled and nodded .
Now , I know she 's only 5 , and believe me , we 're trying to teach Sophie about Stranger Danger , but if you 've ever been around a person with Down syndrome ( or , at least , my little person with Down syndrome ) , you know there is a very real threat here .
What if — and I can hardly type the words — someday Sophie meets a bad man ?
Sarah Palin does not believe in abortion under any circumstance , including in the case of rape .
I am clearly not done shrieking .
Another entry generated from a thread on a mailing list ...
A recent thread on the SIGCSE list began as a discussion of how programming language constructs are abstractions of the underlying hardware , and what that means for how students understand the code they write .
For example , this snippet of Java :
int x = 1 ; while ( x > 0 ) x ++;
does not result in an infinite , because Java int s are not integers .
This is one of many examples that remind us how important it is to study computer organization and architecture , and more generally to learn that abstractions are never 100 % faithful to the details they hide .
If they were , they would not be abstractions !
A few good abstractions make all the difference in how we work , but -- much like metaphor -- we have to pay attention to what happens at their edges .
Eventually , the thread devolved toward a standard old discussion on this list , " What is Computer Science ? "
I conjecture that every mailing list , news group , and bulletin board has a topic that is its " fixed point " , the topic toward which every conversation ultimately leads if left to proceed long enough , unfettered by an external force .
Just about every Usenet newsgroup in which I participated during the late 1980s and early 1990s had one , and the SIGCSE list does , too .
It is , " What is Computer Science ? "
This question matters deeply to many people , who believe that graduates of CS programs have a particular role to play in the world .
Some think that the primary job of undergraduate CS programs is to produce software engineers .
If CS is really engineering ( or at least should be thought of that way for practical reasons ) , then the courses we teach and the curricula we design should have specific outcomes , teach specific content , and imbue in students the mindset and methodology of an engineer .
If CS is some sort of liberal art , then our courses and curricula will look quite different .
Much of this new thread was unremarkable if only because it all sounded so familiar to me .
One group of people argued that CS is engineering , and another argued that it was more than engineering , perhaps even a science .
I must have been in an ornery mood , because one poster 's assertion provoked me to jump into the fray with a few remarks .
He claimed that CS was not a science , because it is not a " natural science " , and that it is not a natural science because the object of its study is not a natural phenomenon :
I do n't believe that I have ever seen a general purpose , stored - program computing device that occurs in nature ... unless we want to claim that humans are examples of such devices .
This seems like such a misguided view of computer science , but many people hold it .
I 'm not surprised that non-computer scientists believe this , but I am still surprised to learn that someone in our discipline does , too .
Different people have different backgrounds and experiences , and I guess those differences can lead people to widely diverging viewpoints .
Computer science does not study the digital computer .
Dijkstra told us so a long time ago , and if we did n't believe him then , we should now , with the advent of ideas such as quantum computing and biological computing .
Computer science is about processes that transform information .
I see many naturally - occurring processes in the world .
It appears now that life is the result of an information process , implement in the form of DNA .
Chemical processes involve information as well as matter .
And some physicists now believe that the universe as we experience it is a projection of two - dimensional information embodied in the interaction of matter and energy .
When we speak of these disciplines , we are saying more than that computer scientists use their tool -- a general - purpose computation machine -- to help biologists , chemists , and physicists do science in their areas .
We are talking about a more general view of processes and information , how they behave in theory and under resource constraints .
Certainly , computer scientists use their tools to help practitioners of other disciplines do their jobs differently .
But perhaps more important , computer scientists seek to unify our understanding of processes and information across the many disciplines in which they occur , in a way that sheds light on how information processing works in each discipline .
We are still at the advent of the cycle feeding back what we learn from computing into the other disciplines , but many believe that this is where the greatest value of computer science ultimately lies .
This means that computer science is wonderful not only because we help others by giving them tools but also because we are studying something important in its own right .
If we broaden our definition of " naturally occurring " to include social phenomena in large .
complex systems that were not designed by anyone in particular , then the social sciences give rise to a whole new class of information processes .
Economic markets , political systems , and influence networks all manifest processes that manipulate and communicate information .
How do these processes work ?
Are they bound by the same laws as physical information processing ?
These are insanely interesting questions , whose answers will help us to understand the world we live in so much better than we do now .
Again , study of these processes from the perspective of computer science is only just beginning , but we have to start somewhere .
Fortunately , some scientists are taking the first steps .
I believe everything I 've said here today , but that does n't mean that I believe that CS is only science .
Much of what we do in CS is engineering : of hardware systems , of software systems , of larger systems in which the manipulation of information is but one component .
Much of what we do is mathematics : finding patterns , constructing abstractions , and following the implications of our constructions within a formal system .
That does n't mean computer science is not also science .
Some people think we use the scientific method only as a tool to study engineered artifacts , but I think that they are missing the big picture of what CS is .
The fact that people within our discipline still grapple with this sense of uncertainty about its fundamental nature does not disconcert me .
We are a young discipline and unlike any of the disciplines that came before ( which are themselves human constructs in trying to classify knowledge of the world ) .
We do not need to hide from this unique character , but should embrace it .
As Peter Denning has written over the years Is computer science science ?
Engineering ?
Mathematics ?
The answer need not be one of the above .
From different perspectives , it can be all three .
Of course , we are left with the question of what it is like for a discipline to comprise all three .
Denning 's Rebooting Computing summit will bring together people who have been thinking about this conundrum in an effort to make progress , or chart a course .
On the CS education front , we need to think deeply about the implications of CS 's split personality for the design of our curricula .
Owen Astrachan is working on innovating the image of CS in the university by turning our view outward again to the role of computer science in understanding a world bigger than the insides of our computers or compilers .
Both of these projects are funded by the NSF , which seems to appreciate the possibilities .
I can't think about the relationship between computer science and natural science with thinking of Herb Simon 's seminal Sciences of the Artificial .
I do n't know whether reading it would change enough minds , but it affected deeply how I think about complex systems , intentionality , and science .
The Amazon region is home to some of Peru 's poorest communities Peru's Congress has voted to repeal two land laws aimed at opening up Amazonian tribal areas to development , which led to protests by indigenous groups .
Correspondents say the repeal of the laws is a blow to President Alan Garcia , who had approved the legislation by decree .
Mr Garcia had described the initiative as pivotal to the improvement of life in Peru 's poorest regions .
A leading indigenous rights campaigner welcomed the repeal of the laws .
Alberto Pizango called it a new dawn for the country 's indigenous peoples .
During the protests , which lasted more than 10 days , indigenous groups took several police officers hostage , and took control of both a major natural gas field in southern Peru and an oil pipeline .
' True democracy ' Congress repealed the laws by 66 votes to 29 .
Mr Garcia had said repealing the laws would hold up progress Speaking before the vote , Roger Naja , president of the National Commission for Andean , Amazonian and Afro-Peruvian Peoples , had urged Congress to vote to rescind the laws .
History , he said , would remember Friday as " the day that the disappearance of the indigenous communities in the jungles and mountains was avoided " .
Mr Pizango , leader of the Inter - Ethnic Association of the Peruvian Forest ( Aidesep ) , hailed the repeal as " a moment of true democracy and true inclusion " .
" This is a new dawn for the people of this country , and for all Peruvians who wish to develop in freedom , not in oppression , " he said .
On Wednesday , President Garcia had warned the repeal would be " a very serious , historic mistake " .
" If that were to happen out of fear of protesters , fear of unrest , Peru would some day remember it as the moment when change came to a halt and hundreds of thousands of people were condemned to poverty , exclusion and marginalisation , " he told reporters .
The laws would have allowed the sale of tribal lands by a simple majority vote in a community assembly , which the protesters say would make it easier for big energy companies to grab their land .
Around 70 % of Peru's Amazon is leased for oil and gas exploration and many of its tribal people say they do not want the companies on their land , the BBC's Dan Collyns reports from the Peruvian capital Lima .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
The first presidential debate could not have come at a better time .
We were afraid that the serious question of picking a new president in a time of peril , at home and abroad , was going to disappear in a fog of sophomoric attack ads , substance - free shouting about change and patriotism , and unrelenting political posturing .
The debate was generally a relief from the campaign ’s nastiness .
Both John McCain and Barack Obama worked to strike a more civil and substantive tone .
And Americans could see some differences between the candidates on correcting the regulatory disasters that led to the Wall Street crisis , on how to address the country ’s grim fiscal problems and on national security .
There were also differences in the candidates themselves .
Mr. McCain fumbled his way through the economic portion of the debate , while Mr. Obama seemed clear and confident .
Mr. McCain was more fluent on foreign affairs , and scored points by repeatedly calling Mr. Obama naïve and inexperienced .
But Mr. McCain ’s talk of experience too often made him sound like a tinny echo of the 20th century .
At one point , he talked about how Ronald Reagan ’s “ S.D.I. ” helped end the cold war .
We suspect that few people under the age of 50 caught the reference .
If he was reaching for Reagan ’s affable style , he missed by a mile , clenching his teeth and sounding crotchety where Reagan was sunny and avuncular .
Mr. Obama has improved as a debater but needs to work on his counterpunch .
Still , when Mr. McCain suggested that Mr. Obama was imprudent for talking publicly about attacking Al Qaeda sites in Pakistan , Mr. Obama deftly parried by reminding voters that his rival once jokingly sang a song about bombing Iran .
Under Milk Wood - part 1
Click the play button to listen to embedded audio
[ Silence ]
FIRST VOICE [ Very softly ]
To begin at the beginning :
It is spring , moonless night in the small town , starless and bible - black , the cobblestreets silent and the hunched , courters ' - and - rabbits ' wood limping invisible down to the sloeblack , slow , black , crowblack , fishingboat - bobbing sea .
The houses are blind as moles ( though moles see fine tonight in the snouting , velvet dingles ) or blind as Captain Cat there in the muffled middle by the pump and the town clock , the shops in mourning , the Welfare Hall in widows ' weeds .
And all the people of the lulled and dumbfound town are sleeping now .
Hush , the babies are sleeping , the farmers , the fishers , the tradesmen and pensioners , cobbler , schoolteacher , postman and publican , the undertaker and the fancy woman , drunkard , dressmaker , preacher , policeman , the webfoot cocklewomen and the tidy wives .
Young girls lie bedded soft or glide in their dreams , with rings and trousseaux , bridesmaided by glow - worms down the aisles of the organplaying wood .
The boys are dreaming wicked or of the bucking ranches of the night and the jollyrodgered sea .
And the anthracite statues of the horses sleep in the fields , and the cows in the byres , and the dogs in the wetnosed yards ; and the cats nap in the slant corners or lope sly , streaking and needling , on the one cloud of the roofs .
You can hear the dew falling , and the hushed town breathing .
Only your eyes are unclosed , to see the black and folded town fast , and slow , asleep .
And you alone can hear the invisible starfall , the darkest - before - dawn minutely dewgrazed stir of the black , dab - filled sea where the Arethusa , the Curlew and the Skylark , Zanzibar , Rhiannon , the Rover , the Cormorant , and the Star of Wales tilt and ride .
Listen .
It is night moving in the streets , the processional salt slow musical wind in Coronation Street and Cockle Row , it is the grass growing on Llareggub Hill , dew fall , star fall , the sleep of birds in Milk Wood .
Listen .
It is night in the chill , squat chapel , hymning , in bonnet and brooch and bombazine black , butterfly choker and bootlace bow , coughing like nannygoats , sucking mintoes , fortywinking hallelujah ; night in the four - ale , quiet as a domino ; in Ocky Milkman 's loft like a mouse with gloves ; in Dai Bread 's bakery flying like black flour .
It is tonight in Donkey Street , trotting silent , with seaweed on its hooves , along the cockled cobbles , past curtained fernpot , text and trinket , harmonium , holy dresser , watercolours done by hand , china dog and rosy tin teacaddy .
It is night neddying among the snuggeries of babies .
Look .
It is night , dumbly , royally winding through the Coronation cherry trees ; going through the graveyard of Bethesda with winds gloved and folded , and dew doffed ; tumbling by the Sailors Arms .
Time passes .
Listen .
Time passes .
Come closer now .
Only you can hear the houses sleeping in the streets in the slow deep salt and silent black , bandaged night .
Only you can see , in the blinded bedrooms , the coms and petticoats over the chairs , the jugs and basins , the glasses of teeth , Thou Shalt Not on the wall , and the yellowing dickybird - watching pictures of the dead .
Only you can hear and see , behind the eyes of the sleepers , the movements and countries and mazes and colours and dismays and rainbows and tunes and wishes and flight and fall and despairs and big seas of their dreams .
From where you are , you can hear their dreams .
Captain Cat , the retired blind sea-captain , asleep in his bunk in the seashelled , ship - in - bottled , shipshape best cabin of Schooner House dreams of SECOND VOICE never such seas as any that swamped the decks of his S.S. Kidwelly bellying over the bedclothes and jellyfish - slippery sucking him down salt deep into the Davy dark where the fish come biting out and nibble him down to his wishbone , and the long drowned nuzzle up to him .
FIRST DROWNED Remember me , Captain ?
CAPTAIN CAT
You 're Dancing Williams !
FIRST DROWNED
I lost my step in Nantucket .
SECOND DROWNED
Do you see me , Captain ?
the white bone talking ?
I'm Tom - Fred the donkeyman ... we shared the same girl once ... her name was Mrs Probert ...
WOMAN'S VOICE Rosie Probert , thirty three Duck Lane .
Come on up , boys , I 'm dead .
THIRD DROWNED
Hold me , Captain , I'm Jonah Jarvis , come to a bad end , very enjoyable .
FOURTH DROWNED
Alfred Pomeroy Jones , sea- lawyer , born in Mumbles , sung like a linnet , crowned you with a flagon , tattooed with mermaids , thirst like a dredger , died of blisters .
FIRST DROWNED
This skull at your earhole is FIFTH DROWNED Curly Bevan .
Tell my auntie it was me that pawned the ormolu clock .
CAPTAIN CAT Aye , aye , Curly .
SECOND DROWNED
Tell my missus no I never THIRD DROWNED I never done what she said I never .
FOURTH DROWNED
Yes , they did .
FIFTH DROWNED
And who brings coconuts and shawls and parrots to my Gwen now ?
How 's it above ?
SECOND DROWNED
Is there rum and laverbread ?
THIRD DROWNED Bosoms and robins ?
FOURTH DROWNED Concertinas ?
FIFTH DROWNED
Ebenezer 's bell ?
FIRST DROWNED
Fighting and onions ?
SECOND DROWNED
And sparrows and daisies ?
THIRD DROWNED
Tiddlers in a jamjar ?
FOURTH DROWNED
Buttermilk and whippets ?
FIFTH DROWNED
Rock - a - bye baby ?
FIRST DROWNED
Washing on the line ?
SECOND DROWNED
And old girls in the snug ?
THIRD DROWNED
How 's the tenors in Dowlais ?
FOURTH DROWNED
Who milks the cows in Maesgwyn ?
FIFTH DROWNED
When she smiles , is there dimples ?
FIRST DROWNED
What 's the smell of parsley ?
CAPTAIN CAT
Oh , my dead dears !
FIRST VOICE
From where you are , you can hear in Cockle Row in the spring , moonless night , Miss Price , dressmaker and sweetshop - keeper , dream of SECOND VOICE her lover , tall as the town clock tower , Samson - syrup - gold - maned , whacking thighed and piping hot , thunderbolt - bass 'd and barnacle - breasted , flailing up the cockles with his eyes like blowlamps and scooping low over her lonely loving hotwaterbottled body .
MR EDWARDS Myfanwy Price !
MISS PRICE Mr Mog Edwards !
MR EDWARDS
I am a draper mad with love .
I love you more than all the flannelette and calico , candlewick , dimity , crash and merino , tussore , cretonne , crepon , muslin , poplin , ticking and twill in the whole Cloth Hall of the world .
I have come to take you away to my Emporium on the hill , where the change hums on wires .
Throw away your little bedsocks and your Welsh wool knitted jacket , I will warm the sheets like an electric toaster , I will lie by your side like the Sunday roast .
MISS PRICE I will knit you a wallet of forget - me - not blue , for the money to be comfy .
I will warm your heart by the fire so that you can slip it in under your vest when the shop is closed .
MR EDWARDS
Myfanwy , Myfanwy , before the mice gnaw at your bottom drawer will you say MISS PRICE Yes , Mog , yes , Mog , yes , yes , yes .
MR EDWARDS
And all the bells of the tills of the town shall ring for our wedding .
[ Noise of money - tills and chapel bells ]
FIRST VOICE
Come now , drift up the dark , come up the drifting sea - dark street now in the dark night seesawing like the sea , to the bible - black airless attic over Jack Black the cobbler 's shop where alone and savagely Jack Black sleeps in a nightshirt tied to his ankles with elastic and dreams of SECOND VOICE chasing the naughty couples down the grassgreen gooseberried double bed of the wood , flogging the tosspots in the spit - and - sawdust , driving out the bare , bold girls from the sixpenny hops of his nightmares .
JACK BLACK [ Loudly ]
Ach y fi !
Ach y fi !
FIRST VOICE
Evans the Death , the undertaker , SECOND VOICE laughs high and aloud in his sleep and curls up his toes as he sees , upon waking fifty years ago , snow lie deep on the goosefield behind the sleeping house ; and he runs out into the field where his mother is making Welshcakes in the snow , and steals a fistfull of snowflakes and currants and climbs back to bed to eat them cold and sweet under the warm , white clothes while his mother dances in the snow kitchen crying out for her lost currants .
FIRST VOICE
And in the little pink - eyed cottage next to the undertaker 's , lie , alone , the seventeen snoring gentle stone of Mister Waldo , rabbitcatcher , barber , herbalist , catdoctor , quack , his fat , pink hands , palms up , over the edge of the patchwork quilt , his black boots neat and tidy in the washing - basin , his bowler on a nail above the bed , a milk stout and a slice of cold bread pudding under the pillow ; and , dripping in the dark , he dreams of MOTHER
This little piggy went to market
This little piggy stayed at home
This little piggy had roast beef
This little piggy had none
And this little piggy went LITTLE BOY wee wee wee wee wee MOTHER all the way home to WIFE [ Screaming ] Waldo !
Wal - do !
MR WALDO
Yes , Blodwen love ?
WIFE
Oh , what 'll the neighbours say , what 'll the neighbours ...
FIRST NEIGHBOUR Poor Mrs Waldo SECOND NEIGHBOUR
What she puts up with FIRST NEIGHBOUR Never should of married SECOND NEIGHBOUR
If she did n't had to FIRST NEIGHBOUR Same as her mother SECOND NEIGHBOUR
There 's a husband for you FIRST NEIGHBOUR Bad as his father SECOND NEIGHBOUR
And you know where he ended FIRST NEIGHBOUR Up in the asylum SECOND NEIGHBOUR Crying for his ma FIRST NEIGHBOUR Every Saturday SECOND NEIGHBOUR
He has n't got a leg FIRST NEIGHBOUR And carrying on SECOND NEIGHBOUR With that Mrs Beattie Morris FIRST NEIGHBOUR Up in the quarry SECOND NEIGHBOUR
And seen her baby FIRST NEIGHBOUR
It 's got his nose SECOND NEIGHBOUR
Oh it makes my heart bleed FIRST NEIGHBOUR
What he 'll do for drink SECOND NEIGHBOUR
He sold the pianola FIRST NEIGHBOUR And her sewing machine SECOND NEIGHBOUR Falling in the gutter FIRST NEIGHBOUR Talking to the lamp - post SECOND NEIGHBOUR Using language FIRST NEIGHBOUR Singing in the w SECOND NEIGHBOUR Poor Mrs Waldo WIFE [ Tearfully ]
Oh , Waldo , Waldo !
MR WALDO
Hush , love , hush .
I 'm widower Waldo now .
MOTHER [ Screaming ]
Waldo , Wal - do !
LITTLE BOY
Yes , our mum ?
MOTHER
Oh , what 'll the neighbours say , what 'll the neighbours ...
THIRD NEIGHBOUR Black as a chimbley FOURTH NEIGHBOUR Ringing doorbells THIRD NEIGHBOUR Breaking windows FOURTH NEIGHBOUR Making mudpies THIRD NEIGHBOUR Stealing currants FOURTH NEIGHBOUR Chalking words THIRD NEIGHBOUR Saw him in the bushes FOURTH NEIGHBOUR Playing mwchins THIRD NEIGHBOUR
Send him to bed without any supper FOURTH NEIGHBOUR Give him sennapods and lock him in the dark THIRD NEIGHBOUR Off to the reformatory FOURTH NEIGHBOUR Off to the reformatory TOGETHER Learn him with a slipper on his b.t.m.
ANOTHER MOTHER [ Screaming ]
Waldo , Wal - do !
what you doing with our Matti ?
LITTLE BOY
Give us a kiss , Matti Richards .
LITTLE GIRL
Give us a penny then .
MR WALDO I only got a halfpenny .
FIRST WOMAN Lips is a penny .
PREACHER
Will you take this woman Matti Richards SECOND WOMAN Dulcie Prothero THIRD WOMAN Effie Bevan FOURTH WOMAN Lil the Gluepot FIFTH WOMAN Mrs Flusher WIFE Blodwen Bowen PREACHER
To be your awful wedded wife LITTLE BOY [ Screaming ]
No , no , no !
FIRST VOICE
Now , in her iceberg - white , holily laundered crinoline nightgown , under virtuous polar sheets , in her spruced and scoured dust - defying bedroom in trig and trim Bay View , a house for paying guests , at the top of the town , Mrs Ogmore - Pritchard , widow , twice , of Mr Ogmore , linoleum , retired , and Mr Pritchard , failed bookmaker , who maddened by besoming , swabbing and scrubbing , the voice of the vacuum - cleaner and the fume of polish , ironically swallowed disinfectant , fidgets in her rinsed sleep , wakes in a dream , and nudges in the ribs dead Mr Ogmore , dead Mr Pritchard , ghostly on either side .
MRS OGMORE - PRITCHARD Mr Ogmore !
Mr Pritchard !
It is time to inhale your balsam .
MR OGMORE Oh , Mrs Ogmore !
MR PRITCHARD
Oh , Mrs Pritchard !
MRS OGMORE -PRITCHARD
Soon it will be time to get up .
Tell me your tasks , in order .
MR OGMORE
I must put my pyjamas in the drawer marked pyjamas .
MR PRITCHARD
I must take my cold bath which is good for me .
MR OGMORE
I must wear my flannel band to ward off sciatica .
MR PRITCHARD
I must dress behind the curtain and put on my apron .
MR OGMORE
I must blow my nose MRS OGMORE - PRITCHARD
In the garden , if you please MR OGMORE
In a piece of tissue - paper which I afterwards burn .
MR PRITCHARD
I must take my salts which are nature 's friend .
MR OGMORE
I must boil the drinking water because of germs .
MR PRITCHARD
I must make my herb tea which is free from tannin MR OGMORE
And have a charcoal biscuit which is good for me .
MR PRITCHARD
I may smoke one pipe of asthma mixture MRS OGMORE - PRITCHARD
In the woodshed , if you please MR PRITCHARD and dust the parlour and spray the canary .
MR OGMORE
I must put on rubber gloves and search the peke for fleas .
MR PRITCHARD
I must dust the blinds and then I must raise them .
MRS OGMORE - PRITCHARD
And before you let the sun in , mind it wipes its shoes .
FIRST VOICE
In Butcher Beynon 's , Gossamer Beynon , daughter , schoolteacher , dreaming deep , daintily ferrets under a fluttering hummock of chicken 's feathers in a slaughterhouse that has chintz curtains and a three - pieced suite , and finds , with no surprise , a small rough ready man with a bushy tail winking in a paper carrier .
GOSSAMER BEYNON
At last , my love , FIRST VOICE sighs Gossamer Beynon .
And the bushy tail wags rude and ginger .
ORGAN MORGAN Help , SECOND VOICE cries Organ Morgan , the organist , in his dream , ORGAN MORGAN
There is perturbation and music in Coronation Street !
All the spouses are honking like geese and the babies singing opera .
P.C. Atilla Rees has got his truncheon out and is playing cadenzas by the pump , the cows from Sunday Meadow ring like reindeer , and on the roof of Handel Villa see the Women 's Welfare hoofing , bloomered , in the moon .
FIRST VOICE
At the sea-end of town , Mr and Mrs Floyd , the cocklers , are sleeping as quiet as death , side by wrinkled side , toothless , salt , and brown , like two old kippers in a box .
And high above , in Salt Lake Farm , Mr Utah Watkins counts , all night , the wife - faced sheep as they leap the fences on the hill , smiling and knitting and bleating just like Mrs Utah Watkins .
UTAH WATKINS [ Yawning ]
Thirty - four , thirty - five , thirty - six , forty - eight , eighty - nine ...
MRS UTAH WATKINS [ Bleating ]
Knit one slip one
Knit two together
Pass the slipstich over ...
FIRST VOICE Ocky Milkman , drowned asleep in Cockle Street , is emptying his churns into the Dewi River , OCKY MILKMAN [ Whispering ] regardless of expense , FIRST VOICE and weeping like a funeral .
SECOND VOICE Cherry Owen , next door , lifts a tankard to his lips but nothing flows out of it .
He shakes the tankard .
It turns into a fish .
He drinks the fish .
FIRST VOICE P.C. Attila
Rees lumps out of bed , dead to the dark , and still foghorning , and drags out his helmet from under the bed ; but deep in the backyard lock - up of his sleep a mean voice murmurs .
A VOICE [ Murmuring ]
You 'll be sorry for this in the morning , FIRST VOICE and he heave - ho's back to bed .
His helmet swashes in the dark .
SECOND VOICE Willy Nilly , postman , asleep up street , walks fourteen miles to deliver the post as he does every day of the night , and rat - a - tats hard and sharp on Mrs Willy Nilly .
MRS WILLY NILLY
Do n't spank me , please , teacher , SECOND VOICE whimpers his wife at his side , but every night of her married life she has been late for school .
FIRST VOICE Sinbad Sailors , over the taproom of the Sailors Arms , hugs his damp pillow whose secret name is SINBAD Gossamer Beynon .
FIRST VOICE A mogul catches Lily Smalls in the wash - house .
LILY SMALLS
Ooh , you old mogul !
SECOND VOICE Mrs Rose - Cottage 's eldest , Mae , peels off her pink - and - white skin in a furnace in a tower in a cave in a waterfall in a wood and waits there raw as an onion for Mister Right to leap up the burning tall hollow splashes of leaves like a brilliantined trout .
MAE ROSE - COTTAGE [ Very close and softly , drawing out the words ]
Call me Dolores
Like they do in the stories .
FIRST VOICE
Alone until she dies , Bessie Bighead , hired help , born in the workhouse , smelling of the cowshed , snores bass and gruff on a couch of straw in a loft in Salt Lake Farm and picks a posy of daisies in Sunday Meadow to put on the grave of Gomer Owen who kissed her once by the pig-sty when she was n't looking and never kissed her again although she was looking all the time .
And the Inspectors of Cruelty fly down into Mrs Butcher Beynon 's dream to persecute Mr Beynon for selling BUTCHER BEYNON owl meat , dogs ' eyes , manchop .
SECOND VOICE Mr Beynon , in butcher 's bloodied apron , spring - heels down Coronation Street , a finger , not his own , in his mouth .
Straightfaced in his cunning sleep he pulls the legs of his dreams and BUTCHER BEYNON hunting on pigback shoots down the wild giblets .
ORGAN MORGAN [ High and softly ]
Help !
GOSSAMER BEYNON [ Softly ]
My foxy darling .
FIRST VOICE
Now behind the eyes and secrets of the dreamers in the streets rocked to sleep by the sea , see the SECOND VOICE titbits and topsyturvies , bobs and buttontops , bags and bones , ash and rind and dandruff and nailparings , saliva and snowflakes and moulted feathers of dreams , the wrecks and sprats and shells and fishbones , whalejuice and moonshine and small salt fry dished up by the hidden sea .
FIRST VOICE
The owls are hunting .
Look , over Bethesda gravestones one hoots and swoops and catches a mouse by Hannah Rees , Beloved Wife .
And in Coronation Street , which you alone can see it is so dark under the chapel in the skies , the Reverend Eli Jenkins , poet , preacher , turns in his deep towards - dawn sleep and dreams of REV .
ELIJENKINS Eisteddfodau .
SECOND VOICE
He intricately rhymes , to the music of crwth and pibgorn , all night long in his druid 's seedy nightie in a beer - tent black with parchs .
FIRST VOICE Mr Pugh , schoolmaster , fathoms asleep , pretends to be sleeping , spies foxy round the droop of his nightcap and pssst !
whistles up MR PUGH Murder .
FIRST VOICE Mrs Organ Morgan , groceress , coiled grey like a dormouse , her paws to her ears , conjures MRS ORGAN MORGAN Silence .
SECOND VOICE
She sleeps very dulcet in a cove of wool , and trumpeting Organ Morgan at her side snores no louder than a spider .
FIRST VOICE Mary Ann Sailors dreams of MARY ANN SAILORS The Garden of Eden .
FIRST VOICE
She comes in her smock - frock and clogs MARY ANN SAILORS away from the cool scrubbed cobbled kitchen with the Sunday - school pictures on the whitewashed wall and the farmers ' almanac hung above the settle and the sides of bacon on the ceiling hooks , and goes down the cockleshelled paths of that applepie kitchen garden , ducking under the gippo's clothespegs , catching her apron on the blackcurrant bushes , past beanrows and onion - bed and tomatoes ripening on the wall towards the old man playing the harmonium in the orchard , and sits down on the grass at his side and shells the green peas that grow up through the lap of her frock that brushes the dew .
FIRST VOICE
In Donkey Street , so furred with sleep , Dai Bread , Polly Garter , Nogood Boyo , and Lord Cut - Glass sigh before the dawn that is about to be and dream of DAI BREAD Harems .
POLLY GARTER Babies .
NOGOOD BOYO Nothing .
LORD CUT - GLASS
Tick tock tick tock tick tock tick tock .
FIRST VOICE
Time passes .
Listen .
Time passes .
An owl flies home past Bethesda , to a chapel in an oak .
And the dawn inches up .
Continue to Under Milk Wood - Part 2 3 . This Is Llareggub Hill
4. The Town Smells Of Seaweed And Breakfast
FIRST VOICE [ SECOND VOICEFIRST DROWNEDCAPTAIN CATFIRST DROWNEDSECOND
DROWNEDWOMAN'S VOICETHIRD DROWNEDFOURTH
DROWNEDFIRST
DROWNEDFIFTH
DROWNEDCAPTAIN CATSECOND DROWNEDTHIRD
DROWNEDFOURTH
DROWNEDFIFTH
DROWNEDSECOND
DROWNEDTHIRD
DROWNEDFOURTH
DROWNEDFIFTH
DROWNEDFIRST
DROWNEDSECOND
DROWNEDTHIRD DROWNEDFOURTH
DROWNEDFIFTH
DROWNEDFIRST
DROWNEDSECOND
DROWNEDTHIRD DROWNEDFOURTH
DROWNEDFIFTH
DROWNEDFIRST
DROWNEDCAPTAIN CATFIRST VOICESECOND VOICEMR EDWARDSMISS
PRICEMR EDWARDSMISS
PRICEMR EDWARDSMISS
PRICEMR EDWARDSFIRST
VOICESECOND VOICEJACK BLACK [ FIRST VOICESECOND VOICEFIRST VOICEMOTHERLITTLE
BOYMOTHERWIFE
[ MR WALDOWIFEFIRST NEIGHBOURSECOND
NEIGHBOURFIRST
NEIGHBOURSECOND
NEIGHBOURFIRST
NEIGHBOURSECOND
NEIGHBOURFIRST
NEIGHBOURSECOND
NEIGHBOURFIRST
NEIGHBOURSECOND
NEIGHBOURFIRST
NEIGHBOURSECOND
NEIGHBOURFIRST
NEIGHBOURSECOND
NEIGHBOURFIRST
NEIGHBOURSECOND
NEIGHBOURFIRST
NEIGHBOURSECOND
NEIGHBOURFIRST
NEIGHBOURSECOND
NEIGHBOURFIRST
NEIGHBOURSECOND
NEIGHBOURFIRST
NEIGHBOURSECOND
NEIGHBOURFIRST
NEIGHBOURSECOND NEIGHBOURWIFE
[ MR WALDOMOTHER [ LITTLE BOYMOTHERTHIRD NEIGHBOURFOURTH
NEIGHBOURTHIRD NEIGHBOURFOURTH
NEIGHBOURTHIRD NEIGHBOURFOURTH
NEIGHBOURTHIRD NEIGHBOURFOURTH
NEIGHBOURTHIRD NEIGHBOURFOURTH
NEIGHBOURTHIRD NEIGHBOURFOURTH
NEIGHBOURTOGETHERANOTHER
MOTHER [ LITTLE BOYLITTLE GIRLMR WALDOFIRST WOMANPREACHERSECOND
WOMANTHIRD WOMANFOURTH
WOMANFIFTH WOMANWIFEPREACHERLITTLE
BOY [ FIRST VOICEMRS OGMORE -PRITCHARDMR OGMOREMR PRITCHARDMRS OGMORE -PRITCHARDMR
OGMOREMR PRITCHARDMR OGMOREMR PRITCHARDMR OGMOREMRS OGMORE -PRITCHARDMR
OGMOREMR PRITCHARDMR OGMOREMR PRITCHARDMR OGMOREMR PRITCHARDMRS OGMORE -PRITCHARDMR
PRITCHARDMR OGMOREMR PRITCHARDMRS OGMORE-PRITCHARDFIRST
VOICEGOSSAMER BEYNONFIRST
VOICEORGAN MORGANSECOND
VOICEORGAN MORGANFIRST
VOICEUTAH WATKINS [ MRS UTAH WATKINS [ FIRST VOICEOCKY MILKMAN [ FIRST VOICESECOND VOICEFIRST VOICEA VOICE [ FIRST VOICESECOND VOICEMRS WILLY NILLYSECOND VOICEFIRST VOICESINBADFIRST
VOICELILY SMALLSSECOND VOICEMAE ROSE -COTTAGE [ FIRST VOICEBUTCHER BEYNONS
ECOND VOICEBUTCHER BEYNONORGAN MORGAN [ GOSSAMER BEYNON [ FIRST VOICESECOND VOICEFIRST VOICEREV.ELIJENKINSSECOND
VOICEFIRST VOICEMR PUGHFIRST VOICEMRS ORGAN MORGANSECOND VOICEFIRST VOICEMARY ANN SAILORSFIRST VOICEMARY ANN SAILORSFIRST VOICEDAI BREADPOLLY GARTERNOGOOD BOYOLORD CUT-GLASSFIRST
VOICE
TrueNAS
TrueNAS is the # 1 Open Source storage OS and delivers file , block , object , and application services on any server platform .
Using OpenZFS , it provides powerful and reliable data management services on Terabytes and Petabytes of data .
Using Open Source economics , TrueNAS radically reduces the costs of all - flash and hybrid storage .
The glass is half full : Experts say Ike recovery going well Calamity obscures full story
Ike was tragic , but experts hail recovery efforts
Power and water out for a week or more .
Sewage spewing into homes and streets .
Long lines for gas and supplies .
A rising death count not just from a major catastrophe , but complications in its aftermath .
None of it sounds too rosy , but a week after a storm as big as Texas began its multibillion - dollar destructive path , smashing coastal cities and leaving millions without power and water in one of the nation 's most populous cities , a number of independent disaster experts agree that things are going surprisingly well here .
Just as the botched responses to Hurricanes Katrina and Rita became synonymous with government ineptitude and a callous disregard for suffering , the speed at which Texas is recovering could become a new barometer for disaster recovery , several experts said .
But they warned that in the swell of need that will come , room for error will abound .
" Although I 'm sure it 's hard to feel this way for some people , things there appear to be coming along quite well , " said Hugh Gladwin , who has studied public responses to hurricanes at Florida International University since 1992 , when Andrew flattened much of the southern part of that state .
" It could have been so much worse . "
So far , the successes in greater Houston have been abundant : power and water have been restored to millions , airports are closing in on full capacity , gas lines are diminishing , looting and crime has been described in some quarters as " phenomenally low , " most of downtown and pockets of other areas opened for business and welcomed employees back to work and many schools will see the return of students next week .
Temporary delays
Even failures and problems have been measured .
A flap between local and state officials over whether distribution sites for supplies should have been set up all over the city led to temporary delays in the delivery of supplies , but the centers still were up a day ahead of schedule , Texas Homeland Security Director Steve McCraw said .
" For food , water and ice , you can never get it there fast enough , " he said .
" How long does it take ?
It takes too long .
It always takes too long . "
Of course , in more devastated areas , little has gone perfectly .
Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff got an earful from local officials after his tour of the communities of in the Beaumont area , which had nearly finished rebuilding from 2005 's Hurricane Rita when Ike swept ashore early last Saturday .
" The people in my town have nothing — I mean nothing , " Bridge City Mayor Kirk Roccaforte told Chertoff .
" People have been wiped out .
I 'm frustrated why they got money in New Orleans ( for Hurricane Katrina ) and we 've gotten nothing . "
In terms of sheer property and infrastructure damage , Ike , no doubt , will compare with many of the worst hurricanes in history , experts said .
Walter Peacock , director of the Hazard Reduction and Recovery Center at Texas A&M University , said he was working in Miami when Hurricane Andrew hit .
Although that 1992 storm had Category 5 winds ,
Ike may cause as just as much devastation , he said .
Homes were flattened in Florida , but much remained , unlike the Bolivar peninsula after Ike , which suffered catastrophic damage .
Texas now confronts myriad problems , he said , including managing the vast number of the displaced , rebuilding uninhabitable coastal towns such as Galveston and getting power and water running after major destruction of infrastructure .
Still , through it all , Peacock said , emergency responders and elected leaders have managed the crisis and avoided major loss of life and a great deal of suffering .
" I was ( in Miami ) and had to share a household with four other families for nearly six months , and right after the storm , there was at least three or four days of zilch happening , " he said .
" But especially compared to Katrina , Lord have mercy , it 's been a good bit better . "
Areas of concern
The federal effort has been better so far , too , said Irwin Redlener , director of the National Center for Disaster Preparedness at Columbia University
But as days turn into weeks and weeks turn into months , the task will grow much more difficult , and he said he had yet to be convinced the Federal Emergency Management Agency could handle it .
He noted that 20,000 to 30,000 children still are not settled after Katrina in 2005 .
Displaced residents with chronic medical problems will have lost paperwork ; Galveston could be largely uninhabitable during an extraordinary " toxic " cleanup ; and vast amounts of people could be hit with prolonged psychological stress as they return to work or rebuild their lives , said Redlener , who also will lead a team of physicians en route to Austin to man mobile medical units for the tens of thousands of people staying in state - run shelters .
" What I 'm afraid of in Texas is that we 're going to need tremendous amounts of resources and focus to make sure that people who wo n't be able to return to normal for a considerable amount of time will need to get a broad range of services over an extended period , " he said .
This recovery , he added , " is in some ways much more complicated and challenging for officials and families than most people realize . "
Mike Lendell , a senior scholar at Texas A&M University 's Hazard Reduction and Recovery Center , said some aspects of the recovery could take years .
One of his students recently finished a dissertation on buildings that , by 2003 , had yet to be repaired from the 1989 earthquake in San Francisco .
" What you see a week later is the very beginning of the process , " he said .
" It 's really important to have realistic expectations .
The recovery is a marathon , not a sprint . "
Chronicle reporters Stewart Powell , Mark Babineck and Lynn Cook contributed to this report .
bradley.olson@chron.com
Right now , there ’s a CEO standing in front of his 85 - person start - up at an all - hands meeting and he ’s saying , “ In the next 90 days , we need to do the impossible ” .
The particular version of impossible does n’t matter .
What matters is that everyone in the room is shocked when he says it .
You can tell by the intensity of the silence .
“ We ’re going to what in the what ? ”
What gives this guy the right to ask the impossible ?
Sure , he ’s the CEO , but does that mean he gets to stand in front of the room and ask the team to build a levitation machine ?
Yeah , it does .
However , this does not mean the CEO is n’t screwing up .
Asking for the impossible is an advanced management technique and it ’s one that is particularly abhorrent to engineers .
They are very clear on what is and is n’t possible because they ’re responsible for building and measuring all the possible .
When you ask an engineer to do the impossible , they often laugh in your face not only because they think it ’s an absurd , irrational request , they also have the data to prove it .
Yet , given this irrefutable data , I still want you to consider this request .
There is an upside to pulling off the impossible .
Not only is it a great morale booster , it can also be incredibly profitable , because all your competition thinks the impossible is , well , impossible .
Better yet , WHO DOESN ’T WANT A FLUX CAPACITOR ?
There are three measurements to take with regard to your CEO and his request when the team has been asked to do the impossible .
These measurements are n’t going to help you pull off the miracle , but they will help you size the impossibleness .
A Hint of an Insane Plan
First , let ’s figure out if your CEO is insane .
Listen carefully to the actual request .
If your CEO is standing in front of the engineering team asking you to transform lead into gold , you should grin , nod , and start mentally editing your resume , but do n’t bolt from the room just yet .
Now , if he ’s asking you to reduce your release cycle from 90 days to 10 , you can let yourself be shocked , but be relieved by the fact that you ’re not being asked to perform matter transmutation .
There ’s a subtle difference between insane and impossible .
You should respect your gut when that internal “ he ’s insane ” flag starts waving , but that does n’t mean you should stop listening .
There ’s more data to gather and there are times where an insane approach might be the right thing .
Our next assessment has to do with legwork .
Has your CEO done any preliminary work to actually figure out whether the impossible idea is achievable ?
What is his strategic intuition about this crazy idea ?
Is he able to articulate , however vaguely , why this idea is a good idea for the company , and how you might pull this off ?
You ’re not looking for a definite plan , more the strategic broad strokes , a point from which the managers can begin sketching in the details .
A word of warning : there are managers and executives out there who can pitch the impossible on confidence alone .
They need no intuition or evidence regarding feasibility to get their teams ’ buy - in , and while these chutzpah - laden individuals sure are inspiring , you should trust that nagging feeling that shows up later when you ’re driving home , the high fades , and you ’re left with a strategic emptiness .
That emptiness is the practical result of the CEO ’s request lacking everything but confidence .
The absence of some thread of an idea about how you ’re going to do the impossible , and you might be screwed .
The lack of a glimpse of a plan beyond the charisma translates to a lack of hope .
Skin in the Game
Next , you want to figure out how much skin your CEO has in the game .
How much of the company is he betting on this request ?
If this is a bet the company decision , I ’m comforted by the fact that he ’s backing this impossible request up with his job .
He knows that failure means everyone is looking for a new gig .
That ’s motivation .
If the request is smaller , if this is a bet the department request , well , the risk is more localized .
The cost of failure will likely be born by the senior guys and gals running the show .
I ’m not suggesting the CEO thinks any less of the importance of this impossible request , but , trust me , he knows that it ’s not necessarily his job on the line if the team blows it .
What you ’re assessing here are two things : size of the request and level of executive commitment .
Having a gut feel for these two things is often a moot point .
Depending on your seat on the org chart , you might not even have a chance to choose whether you ’re saddled with the impossible .
However , developing this swag out of the gate means when the impossible hits the fan you can be one of the first to act .
The Importance of Respect
The glimpse of a plan and confidence .
These two fuzzy mental assessments are in play when deciding to ask the impossible , but there is one more that needs to be considered .
Remember , this is an impossible request .
This is n’t , “ Hey , can you fix these 10 bugs by Friday ? ”
It ’s “ Hey , can you rewrite this major component in half the time it took you to write it the first time ? ”
Forget whether it ’s remotely feasible .
Forget whether the confidence is oozing out of every pore of your CEO .
You ’re not going to be convinced , and more importantly , you ’re not going to engage if you do n’t respect the person who is asking you to do something
Financial rewards , promotions , IPOs , promises of future interesting projects .
All of these incentives matter and can be used to light a fire under a team , but an individual ’s decision to engage in the impossible starts with the question , “ Do I respect this person enough to tackle the impossible ? ”
There ’s a book to be written about how to build respect in an organization .
My brief advice is , when you are asked the impossible , carefully consider every hard request already made of you .
Does he ask the impossible every month ?
Every Monday ?
Does he follow up on his impossible requests or does he expect you to run with them ?
Have we ever successfully completed an impossible request ?
Is he there at 3 am on Sunday morning with everyone else , looking like he has n’t shaved in a week ?
I do n’t know how many impossible requests you get , but I do know that frequent impossible requests result in an erosion of respect and a decaying of credibility .
And that means when the CEO is standing up in front of the troops asking them to perform magic all they ’re thinking is , “ This crap again ? ”
What He Really Wants
Nothing I ’ve described is concrete .
Nothing I ’ve described is going to placate your initial intense , negative engineer reaction when your CEO asks you to do something utterly absurd and irrational .
It gets worse … I mean better .
There are times when your leadership should be unencumbered by your version of reality .
There are times when it ’s important that your CEO is n’t intimately familiar with a product space or lifecycle .
Day to day , doing business requires reasonable expectations and an adherence to plans , but those things actually prevent the extraordinary from occurring .
The extraordinary requires a catalyst like an impossible request .
What ’s important when the CEO asks for the impossible is that he ’s pushing the definition of possibility for what the team can accomplish .
Maybe your CEO only has an idea , and can only feel the possibility in what he ’s asking , but it ’s not his job to make it all happen .
That ’s where you come in .
You ’re the person responsible for transforming the feel , the intuition , the glimpse of a plan , and the confidence into knowing and doing .
You ’re the one who is actually responsible for delivering the impossible , and all I ’m asking is that you consider the request , because agreeing to engage in the impossible shatters normality and ignores fears and I love that .
1:23 p.m. | Updated : Senator John McCain ’s campaign said Friday morning that he will attend tonight ’s debate with Senator Barack Obama at the University of Mississippi , reversing his earlier call to postpone the debate so he could participate in the Congressional negotiations over the $ 700 billion bailout plan for financial firms .
Mr. McCain had thrown debate preparation into turmoil on Wednesday afternoon after he announced that he intended to skip the debate in order to be in Washington for the negotiations .
His campaign issued a statement Friday morning saying he was now “ optimistic ” that a bipartisan bailout agreement would be reached soon , citing “ significant progress ” in the talks .
The statement was sharply critical of Mr. Obama , who , like Mr. McCain , returned to Washington on Thursday to take part in the bailout talks .
The statement portrayed Mr. Obama as unduly partisan and insufficiently concerned with protecting taxpayer interests in the bailout negotiations , while Mr. McCain was framed as the leader of House and Senate Republicans seeking to reach a compromise agreement .
“ The difference between Barack Obama and John McCain was apparent during the White House meeting yesterday where Barack Obama ’s priority was political posturing in his opening monologue defending the package as it stands , ” said the McCain campaign statement .
“ John McCain listened to all sides so he could help focus the debate on finding a bipartisan resolution that is in the interest of taxpayers and homeowners .
The Democratic interests stood together in opposition to an agreement that would accommodate additional taxpayer protections . ”
Senator Obama finished a round of telephone calls with Congressional leaders and the Treasury Secretary before leaving Washington on Friday morning .
Mr. Obama landed in Tennessee about 1:20 p.m. Eastern , and was set to make his way to Mississippi for the debate .
He is scheduled to arrive around 3:30 p.m. for a walk - through of the debate hall .
“ My strong sense is that the best thing that I can do , rather than to inject presidential politics into some delicate negotiations , is to go down to Mississippi and explain to the American people what is going on and my vision for leading the country over the next four years , ” Mr. Obama told reporters aboard his plane .
“ I ’m looking forward to the debate and look forward after the debate to coming back to Washington and hopefully getting a package done . ”
Moments after Mr. McCain announced that he would participate in the debate after all , the doors of his campaign plane were opened and the steps were down , as Mr. Obama ’s 757 idled nearby on the runway at Ronald Reagan National Airport outside Washington , according to a pool report .
Both planes were set to arrive here in Memphis on Friday afternoon .
Mr. Obama said he was encouraged by the Congressional negotiations underway on the government ’s bailout package of the nation ’s financial institutions , saying he was “ optimistic ” at the prospects for a deal .
“ I think that there is real progress being made this morning and last night , ” Mr. Obama said .
“ I think it ’s important that the markets seem to be staying relatively calm at this point . ”
Asked whether the White House meeting on Thursday was a mistake , Mr. Obama said : “ I ’m not sure that it was as productive as it could have been , but I think at this point , it ’s important just to move forward . ”
The discussion will resume later in Oxford , Miss. , where the debate begins at 9 p.m. Eastern .
Elisabeth Bumiller contributed reporting from Washington .
Cable Companies Can Afford Lousy Service
Our cable TV service was n’t working ; with one week ’s notice , I was able to get a service person , but my wife or I had to be available at the house the entire day of the scheduled visit , fouling up our schedules and making work difficult for us .
( Sadly , we can not afford a butler ! )
The cable company is a monopoly , and its price is outrageously high .
Simple economics tells us that the economic cost of monopoly is the underproduction generated by the high monopoly price .
Another cost is the lousy service that monopolists provide — including the time the monopolist makes you spend waiting so that he can keep costs low and earn higher profits .
With competing providers , service would be better — and time would n’t be wasted — since lousy service would cause people to switch to competitors , forcing all to offer better service .
Monopolists , however — including my cable company — have a lot of latitude , as it will take even worse service than this to get me to switch to satellite TV .
Over time , as services like cable form an increasing share of people ’s spending , and as the opportunity cost of people ’s time keeps rising while their spending power grows , this cost of monopoly — its deadweight loss — will be ever more harmful to the economy .
The New York City Atheists invited biologist extraordinaire Massimo Pigliucci to join their board of directors a couple years ago .
So he did .
He saw that the organization was getting ripped apart by those students who attended some of their events .
So he tried to bring the board together to solve some of these problems , including problems about how board members were told to leave their positions for a variety of reasons :
I started asking questions of [ President Ken ] Bronstein and of the Board of NYCA about all of this , pointing out that even if all of the above was not true , these sorts of rumors would hurt the image of the organization .
I thought I was doing exactly what a responsible Board member ought to do , and eventually I asked for a Board meeting to discuss the matter .
Bronstein ’s reaction ( and that of one other Board member ) was extremely negative to put it mildly , and in a series of emails and phone calls I was alternately accused of “ not getting it ” and of being part of a conspiracy to bring down NYCA …
Massimo checked the group ’s bylaws and found that things were not exactly kosher regarding how board members were getting sacked and how decisions were made .
So he inquired about that , too …
… Bronstein immediately told me that those were the “ old ” bylaws , and that a new set had been passed , giving him total and complete control of the group , financially , in terms of activities and policies , and , of course , in matters of expelling members and calling for Board meetings .
That seems like an odd set of bylaws to approve …
It turned out the new bylaws were n’t approved in the correct manner , anyway .
Massimo wanted nothing to do with an organization that ran itself like this , so he opted to leave :
… It was time to get out of an organization run by an autocrat who responds to challenges with a rude “ my way or the highway , ” and whose bylaws are probably illegal in the State of New York .
So that is when I resigned .
He ’s not just ranting , however .
He wants to make two main points :
First of all , it is a shame that a group like NYCA has to get marred by this sort of situation .
It is one of the largest , most active and most successful groups in the country ( though , being based in New York , they could probably have ten times their current membership if they were a bit more welcoming ) .
They , including Ken Bronstein , have been doing quite a bit of good work for the atheist movement , but they — particularly Bronstein — do n’t seem to realize that much damage to the same movement can be caused by precisely the type of intolerant behavior that we all criticize in fundamentalist churches …
And :
… this experience has reinforced in my mind one major difference between atheism and secular humanism .
While there certainly are excellent atheist groups , and there are some secular humanist leaders that unfortunately come close to the Bronstein model of doing things , it is hard to avoid the feeling that there is an obvious difference between simply being against something ( atheism ) and in favor of something ( a secular philosophy of life ) …
Oy .
It ’s so sad to see a group with that much potential not being welcoming to people who may actually want to join the group and take a leadership role in it .
When you have board members resigning from a non -profit because they do n’t want to be part of what may end up as a full - fledged shitstorm , things ca n’t be going well .
You might as well begin a brand new group .
While I have respect for some of the older people who have been running the group and have communicated with them , I ’d love to see younger people go to those meetings and take over the whole organization .
In a place like New York City ?
A well - organized atheist group run by younger people ( or anyone more welcoming to the youth ) would be incredible .
FROM THE TORONTO FILM FESTIVAL :
Mickey Rourke 's time has finally come .
More than a quarter of a century after he catapulted to stardom in Barry Levinson 's " Diner " and Francis Ford Coppola 's " Rumble Fish , " the man who never won an Oscar but pretty much retired the trophy for America 's Craziest Living Actor , may get that second act that few artists who self - destruct at an early age ever live to see .
When I had dinner with Rourke in L.A. a few years ago , he spent two hours at a crowded Sunset Strip eatery , virtually unnoticed .
Here in Toronto , after getting raves for his tough - but - tender performance in Darren Aronofsky 's " The Wrestler , " Rourke is the center of attention again .
The film was the big sale of the festival , going to Fox Searchlight for roughly $ 4 million after winning the Golden Lion in Venice last week .
And wherever Rourke has gone here , he 's drawn a crowd of photographers .
Nearly back to his regular 190 - pound fighting weight after gaining 35 pounds to play the part , wearing a blue pinstripe jacket with little blond ringlets in his hair , he 's hard to miss .
As we sipped coffee in an upstairs lobby at the Four Season Hotel here , actors , producers , agents and wannabe screenwriters all stopped by , eager to offer hugs , congratulations or pass along hand - written notes , hoping to interest him in one new project or another .
Maybe this time Rourke can handle the spotlight .
Earlier in his career , he fumbled the ball , taking horrible parts , partying all night , spending years fruitlessly trying to revive his schoolboy boxing career and telling anyone who would listen how much disdain he had for the art of acting .
Although he 's still as eccentric as ever -- taking his favorite Chihuahua , Loki , whom he also calls " No. 1 , " with him nearly everywhere he goes -- he says he 's been in therapy for 13 years and can finally control the anger he 'd carried around after surviving a turbulent and violent childhood .
In " The Wrestler , " Rourke plays Randy ( The Ram ) Robinson , a beaten - down wrestler 20 years past his prime , his body scarred and gone to seed , unable to sustain any real relationships , least of all with his daughter , played by Evan Rachel Wood , who wants nothing to do with him .
The part hit home .
" Let 's put it this way , Randy the Ram was somebody 20 years ago and so was Mickey Rourke , " he told me .
" When you used to be somebody and you are n't anybody anymore , you live in what my doctor calls a state of shame .
You do n't want to go out of the house .
You hate just going to the store and having to stand in line , because inevitably someone will stare at you and say , ' Hey , did n't you used to be someone in the movies ? ' "
Rourke does n't mince words : " I lost everything .
My house , my wife , my credibility , my career . "
He shrugs .
" I even lost my entourage , which is when you know things are really bad .
I just all had all this anger from my childhood , which was really shame , not anger , and used it as armor and machismo to cover up my wounds .
Unfortunately , the way I acted really frightened people , although it was really just me who was scared .
But I was like this person who was short - circuited and I did n't know how to fix myself . "
So how did Rourke turn his life around ?
Nuclear weapons could be used to stop earth - bound asteroids , but in most instances , they are not the best option , said Apollo astronaut Rusty Schweickart during a public lecture this Wednesday in San Francisco .
The venerable scientist explained that all but the largest heavenly bodies can be redirected by rear - ending or towing them with an unmanned spacecraft .
But last year , NASA issued a report stating that using nukes is the best strategy to prevent a catastrophic collision with earth .
Although Schweickart has a great deal of faith in the agency , enough to risk his life piloting their lunar lander , he feels that they issued the misleading statement – under immense political pressure .
It was a nefarious excuse to put nuclear weapons in space .
His own organization , the B612 Foundation , intends to use gentler tactics to alter the course of an asteroid by 2015 .
Right now , humans are not tracking most of the objects that could cause serious damage to earth , but in the next century , as powerful new telescopes come online , we will begin watching many of them .
When that day comes , we will know which ones stand a chance of hitting earth , and it will be time to make some tough decisions .
Since tracking asteroids contains an element of uncertainty , there will be a lot of false alarms , so it may not be necessary to take action at all .
If it must be stopped , should we bump it , drag it , or blow it off course ?
The astronaut compares our current situation to standing blindfolded in a batting cage .
Right now , we can't do anything , but we know that some balls are hurling towards us .
In a few years , our blindfold will come off , and the whole world will be forced to decide – together – when to duck .
See Also :
Image : Don Davis / NASA Photo : Jessica Culler
From the FINAL FANTASY XI Development Team
New Level Sync Feature to Change the Way You Party !
( 08/25/2008 )
The FFXI development team is proud to announce the " Level Sync " system , a revolutionary new feature in the upcoming version update that will allow all players — grizzled veterans and novices alike — to adventure and gain experience together regardless of level differences !
The Concept
The development team has been listening intently to feedback from players , and working hard to address concerns such as the following :
" I can't party effectively with my friends or linkshell members because our levels are too far apart ! "
" I invited one of my friends to play FFXI with me , but we can't party together because we do n't have any jobs at similar levels ! "
" I can't find anyone close enough to my level to party with ! "
The new Level Sync system is the result of extensive discussions on how to resolve these concerns , while preserving game balance and avoiding abuse and power - leveling by RMT groups .
It addresses the issues that have resulted from a steady stream of new , low - level players joining an existing game world populated by scores of high - level veterans , and is part of the ongoing effort to clean up the FFXI community and remove players in violation of the users ' agreement .
At the heart of the feature is the new ability for members of a party to " power down " to the level of a designated target player .
Now friends will be able to adventure together and gain experience as if they were all the same level !
With the introduction of this system , there will also be major changes to the way equipment is handled in regard to level restrictions .
Rather than automatically unequipping items if a player 's level is reduced below the item 's minimum level , the attributes of high - level equipment will be scaled down proportionally to the reduced level .
This will apply not only to the Level Sync system , but to all level - restricted areas and missions .
This means that players will now be able to participate in various battlefields , Assault missions , and Ballista , and also to adventure in level - capped areas such as Riverne without the hassle of having to switch equipment !
Read on for more details about how the Level Sync system will work , and examples of how equipment and experience - gaining will be affected .
How it Works
When Level Sync is activated , the level of all party members will be temporarily reduced to that of a target player designated by the party leader .
For as long as the Level Sync remains in effect , all party members – regardless of their original level – will be able to gain experience as if they were actually the lower , restricted level .
e.g .
With a party containing characters of Levels 75 , 48 , 46 , 30 , 12 , and 11 :
If the target character is Lv. 11 , everyone will become Lv. 11 .
If the target character is Lv. 12 , the Lv. 30 - 75 party members will become Lv. 12 .
( the Lv. 11 character will remain Lv. 11 )
* If the target character gains a level while Level Sync is in effect , the other characters ' levels will automatically adjust to reflect the new target level .
* Level Sync cannot be used in areas or events where a separate level restriction already applies .
* The Level Sync settings are easily accessible from the main menu .
Three simple restrictions will be implemented to ensure that the Level Sync feature is not abused and does not provide an excessive advantage over traditional leveling .
1 ) The minimum target level that can be synchronized to is Level 10 .
2 ) The party leader and target player must be located in the same area .
3 ) There will be a buffer period of thirty seconds when deactivating Level Sync .
Gaining Experience
When Level Sync is in effect , players will gain 100 % of the experience and limit points possible to gain at their reduced level .
Be aware , though , that no EXP will be gained if the target player is unconscious , removed from the party , too far away from the battle location , or otherwise unable to receive EXP at the time the monster is defeated .
In addition , the amount of EXP lost when rendered unconscious will be calculated based upon the player 's reduced level .
Equipment
Paying taxes is confusing enough without introducing entirely new currencies , but here we are in 2020 fielding questions about how to pay taxes on cryptocurrency .
It ’s a fair concern with the growing use of crypto for transactions and investments .
In the following article , we ’ll be simplifying the process .
There are five basic considerations you need to remember .
Let ’s begin !
1. Get Familiar With IRS Rules on Cryptocurrency
The IRS may be having trouble processing the backlog of tax returns for refund payments , but they ’ve done their homework on the various e-currency denominations .
Cryptocurrency losses are currently handled through IRS Form 8949 .
Aside from that , the IRS has published a lengthy guideline for virtual currency transactions on their website .
It can be found at this link .
2. Ignore the 1099 K Form
Most of the exchanges you use will send you a 1099 K form reporting all of your transactions at the end of the tax year .
However , these can be deceptive as they fail to show net gains and losses .
The IRS treats virtual currencies largely like an investment , and those investments , when sold and reported , are handled as capital gains or losses .
Can the IRS track Bitcoins and other e-currencies on their own so you do n’t have to ?
Yes , but it ’s best to avoid the headache of having them dig that far into your tax return .
3. Identify the Specific Cryptocurrency You Are Selling Off
Not all cryptocurrencies are created equal .
A gain or loss on one form wo n’t be the same as another .
Therefore , make sure you ’re being very specific about the e-currencies you ’re disposing of .
If possible , this will allow you to lower those capital gains and your overall tax liability .
See a Bitcoin tax accountant if you are confused about how to manage this .
4. Track Everything
Trading virtual currencies usually requires much faster and more frequent activity than a traditional stock or mutual fund .
As a result , you could find yourself getting lost in the sheer number of trades that you made in a given year , and that can cause problems at tax time .
Make sure you ’ve logged all those losses , gains , and break - evens , so you ’re not falling into the trap of misreporting your earnings .
However , do n’t think your trades are all you need to worry about .
5 . This Includes Transactions Outside the Exchanges
There are many other ways cryptocurrencies can affect your tax bill .
If you receive payments from cryptocurrencies that pay dividends , do n’t forget to report those .
At the same time , track any payments sent and received using cryptocurrencies , including the use of a paystub generator if you are using virtual currency in a business transaction with an employee or contract worker .
Learn How to Pay Taxes on Cryptocurrency to Stay in the Game
We hope this inside look has demystified virtual currencies and taxes for you .
Once you know how to pay taxes on cryptocurrency , you will feel more comfortable using it in business transactions and investments .
For more news and tips on the world of virtual currency and blockchain in general , make sure you check out some of our other coverage .
We have a new suite of 2.0 tools focused on human needs and relationships that are changing the dynamics of the entire marketplace — not just libraries .
User expectations are changing , permanently .
This is a good thing , since libraries have always been about service and personal relationships with our users .
The technology is just catching up with our service ethic !
Now we just have to reintroduce ourselves into every aspect of the virtual world .
That means focusing our staffing balance from the backroom to the front room ; investing our technology decisions in ones which meet the needs of the end user ; and retraining an entire segment of our library workers to adapt to a fundamental new reality .
Now we ’re challenged with moving our “ tricks ” into the new spaces .
This is definitely a bigger challenge .
For this challenge , we have to change our own personal behaviors and styles to adapt and reach beyond merely adding websites , technologies , and content to our toolkits .
For this change , we have to place ourselves in all of the spaces inhabited by our users .
We have to introduce complementary in - person and virtual contact .
We have to be everywhere they are , since that ’s the user expectation , and adapt to the tools that match their needs — IM , texting , smartphones , social networks , and the rest .
And we ’re seeing strong resistance from many of our colleagues .
Can we do it ?
Remember , the dinosaurs did n’t go extinct because the climate changed .
They disappeared because they could n’t adapt quickly enough to the changes happening around them !
We have adapted well to so many recent changes .
Our “ bricks ” have been renovated to within an inch of their lives into commons , research , community , teen , and scholarly spaces where information , databases , books , and serials are placed in the context of their host institutions and communities .
We have adapted well to “ clicks ” strategies and have built websites , elearning objects , and licensing for more content than individual libraries ever dreamed of having in the past !
To capture market share and , more importantly , mindshare , we must now prioritize our long - term and short - term strategies around serving the real customer ( and not just the internal needs of library workers ) .
For instance , the OPAC and ILS systems do n’t suck for library workers .
They were built to meet our specific needs — library management , transaction processing , inventory systems , etc .
When we moved an internally oriented tool out of the backroom to make it accessible to the “ public , ” we did a good thing .
The unintended consequence of public OPACs , however , has been to teach us that end users have different needs and processes for discovery and navigation than library workers — especially in the virtual digital world .
Rats !
It would have been so much easier if it had worked out differently .
We should n’t feel too badly .
Retail operations such as Amazon learned very quickly that people behave differently online than they do in physical stores ; online learning is different than in physical classrooms ; and online communication , in all its formats , is different than simple telephone or in - person conversations .
How many of us really want to use Wal - Mart ’s warehouse systems or our mall ’s backroom tools to replace the shopping experience ?
A small minority , I ’ll wager .
After more than 20 years of primarily working on the infrastructure of libraries — servers , websites , wireless , electronic content licensing , broadband , access , security , viruses , etc. — we have reached a real tipping point .
In 2008 we are seeing the real action in our world of libraries move from the back office to the front desk .
We ’re moving from a technology - centric strategy to one in which the real needs of our clients must predominate .
Aligning technology with user behavior no longer suffices to ensure success .
We need to understand , and understand deeply , the role of the library in our end - users ’ lives , work , research , and play .
This is critical to our long - term success , and failure is not an option .
Reference and research services , the front line of library service , are dealing with a far - less - predictable future .
The asynchronous , asymmetrical threats facing us are very real hydra monsters challenging our roles in many ways , all having some truth .
The fate of reference has come into clearer focus in Web 2.0 / Library 2.0 discussions and debates .
The emphasis has moved from understanding and learning the technology to understanding end - user behaviors in context .
Policies have moved from serving library management needs and library workers ’ preferences to where end - user needs trump librarian insights and personal search preferences .
If this attitude had n’t changed , we ’d be in real trouble now — although , admittedly , you still occasionally encounter dinosaur tracks and hear the roar of distant mastodons .
A plethora of new end - user research — from usability through personas and from hit analyses to ethnographic and behavioral studies — focus on workplace needs , scholarly behavior , learning styles , and entertainment and demonstrate a material shift in the library user firmament .
It can not be denied that our reference stats are down , though this is not the case with our research requests , training activities , and one - on - one contact with clients .
Public library circulation is way up .
Website hits — from nearly any measurement data point — are up .
Even gate count is up in most libraries .
In public libraries , life is proceeding very well .
In the academic and college space , change is moving apace with elearning and learning commons initiatives growing and major technologies expanding , such as OpenURL , federated search , portals and portlets , APIs , and more innovation in user experiences aimed at learning and research missions — and not centered on libraries alone .
I suspect that ratio is quite different now — worse , from this old reference librarian ’s perspective !
Reference is the place to watch for change and innovation in libraries .
Indeed , all this 2.0 talk is all about the real nature of the customer relationship — in person and virtual .
The IT and metadata types were dealing well with a fairly predictable future — one driven by the consumer space and reaction - driven , one with standards and rules and not as influenced by messy human behaviors .
You can almost see that train heading down the track and just hop on and enjoy the ride .
Many years ago , the esteemed Barbara Quint offered an estimate that Google answered as many reference queries in half an hour as all the reference librarians in the world did in 7 years .
Not many people are trying to capture images from their webcam using Python under Linux and blogging about it .
In fact , I could find nobody who did that .
I found people capturing images using Python under Windows , and people capturing images using C under Linux , and finally some people capturing images with Python under Linux but not blogging about it .
This instructional post I wrote to help those people who want to start processing images from a webcam using the great Python language and a stable Linux operating system .
There is a very good library for capturing images in Windows called VideoCapture .
It works , and a number of people blogged about using it .
I was jealous for a long time .
There are a number of very old libraries which were meant to help with capturing images on Linux : libfg , two separate versions of pyv4l , and pyv4l2 .
But the first does n’t work on my computer , the two versions of pyv4l cause segfaults because they are so old and not updated , and the last has no code written .
Finally , I learned that OpenCV has an interface to V4L / V4L2 .
OpenCv is Intel ’s Open Source Computer Vision library .
It ’s excellent , extensive , and has a good community behind it .
V4L is Linux ’s standard abstraction for reading in video data .
V4L2 is the newer version which Ubuntu also has installed .
Plus , OpenCV has very complete Python bindings .
Unfortunately , these bindings and how to use them properly to capture images from a webcam are not documented .
Only after careful searching on the sizable OpenCV mailing list did I finally find the answer .
Below is code that reads in up to 30 frames per second from a web cam while simultaneously displaying what it reads in .
It ’s very cool .
It uses opencv ’s camera acquisition abstraction , PIL , and pygame for speed in the looping .
Note that with the images read into Python , you and I can now do arbitrary things with the image .
We can flip it , track objects , draw markers , or do really anything .
This is example utility code .
It is not a well structured program .
Much of the code I use below is from techlists.org .
The Factnet nonprofit organization has several websites .
Select the site and mission focus you are looking for below .
End global warming Sustainable Prosperity , Evolution , & Religion 2.0 Resolving planetary challenges from an evolutionary systems perspective Sustainable Livelihoods & Lifestyles The Birthday of the Evolving Universe Online education on global warming & social justice issues since 1993 .
We love the smell of a " world 's fastest " or " world 's largest " claim in the morning .
This time it 's a team of researchers led by Ernesto Ciaramella at the Sant ' Anna School of Advanced Studies in Pisa Italy , saying they 've developed the " world 's fastest WiFi . "
Their network beams data at an amazing 1.2 Tbps over a few kilometers , more than enough to share your entire Kurosawa collection faster than you can say " Yojimbo . "
So , performance claims are valid , but we 're not sure about that " WiFi " part .
Data was transmitted using Free Space Optics ( FSO ) , blinking lasers or LEDs that act like fiber optics without the fiber .
This means line - of - sight connections only , so if you get frustrated when concrete walls hamper your WiFi downloads imagine how you 'd feel if a little puffy cloud killed all your torrents .
So , fastest wireless ?
Check .
Practical solution for high - speed wireless communications ?
Not so much .
John McCain ’s decision to suspend his campaign and try to push back Friday ’s debate , to focus on the economic crisis , is either a desperate “ stunt ” or a tactically “ smart move , ” said Andy Barr in Politico .
Republicans say it shows leadership ; Democrats call it a political “ Hail Mary ” to reverse McCain ’s slide in the polls .
The “ final verdict , ” though , lies with the voters , about three - fourths of whom , according to a poll , think the debate should go on as planned .
Not only is this “ an example of great leadership ” by McCain , said Hugh Hewitt in Townhall , it is Barack Obama ’s “ Katrina moment . ”
In pushing for the debate to go on , Obama showed he does n’t get “ the seriousness of the moment . ”
The contrast is “ telling . ”
What ’s telling is McCain 's “ panicked ” decision to hide from the debates , said Ezra Klein in The American Prospect .
This stunt makes him look like “ a kid pulling the fire alarm because a final is coming up and he has n’t studied . ”
Sorry , but “ you do n’t get to call time out when you ’re president . ”
The debates should go on , no matter how “ this plays to Joe Dorito and Jane Six - Pack , ” said David Weigel in Reason online .
People actually watch them , to learn about the candidates ’ political and economic ideas — like how they ’d handle a huge bailout .
Besides , scrapping a debate 48 hours beforehand hardly reassures Americans or markets .
August 18 , 2008
I ’m not the only one who ’s been waiting over 19 years
for this Paper Purge to happen .
The people at the Canada Council for the Arts
have also been very patient .
In 1989 , they granted me $ 13,532 as part of a program which I can’t even remember the name of , but it was for an artist ’s first attempt at getting their work “ out there . ”
In my case , I was to write a book — largely based on my life story — and get it published .
En français .
Well , needless to say I went bananas when I got the phone call telling me I was among the chosen few in Canada to get what I had asked for : one year ’s salary ( $ 13,200 ) ; expenses such as paper and ink cartridges for my Apple ImageWriter printer ( $ 352 ) ; and last but not least , their vote of confidence in my talent and my determination to make my dream come true .
After the excitement ,
I panicked .
I totally sabotaged my dream .
And right about then , my whole world started to take a turn for the ditch .
After a series of sad and sometimes tragic events , the ditch collapsed under my feet and I went down , down , down , till I finally hit bottom around 2003 .
All through this hell , I tried — year in , year out — to write that darn book .
When I ’m through reading everything in the pile you see up there , I bet I ’ll have found over two dozen manuscripts , almost all of them identical , relating my birth and the first five or six years of my life .
Once or twice , I went as far as to recount parts of my teenage years and one time , I even wrote about meeting the man who was to become my husband .
But after writing about the wedding , I became very sad and depressed .
You will , too , when you get to read that part .
Then again , we might all have a good laugh , because I hope to give it a shot of humour .
A real BIG shot .
This is why I ’m so grateful to see that not only am I now willing to plow through the pile , but I feel emotionally and mentally ready for it .
In other words , I ’m definitely eager and curious and enthusiastic about the whole journey .
Yeah … I know … we ’ll see how I feel next month or even next week , hardy har har !
Still , I ’m sure all will go smoothly if I get plenty of rest , go out and walk every day , meet with friends on a regular basis , and practice breathing , meditating , and being in the moment .
Being in the moment is without a doubt the key to an enlightening , joyful , and fun experience .
So there ya go …
Wish me luck 🙂
P.S. : Somehow , I thought the pile was going to be much bigger .
Why did it seem like such a MONSTER all these years ?
Thank you for leaving a comment .
Justin Pope
Huffington Post
September 15 , 2008
It ’s a tough lesson for millions of students just now arriving on campus : even if you have a high school diploma , you may not be ready for college .
In fact , a new study calculates , one - third of American college students have to enroll in remedial classes .
The bill to colleges and taxpayers for trying to bring them up to speed on material they were supposed to learn in high school comes to between $ 2.3 billion and $ 2.9 billion annually .
“ That is a very large cost , but there is an additional cost and that ’s the cost to the students , ” said former Colorado governor Roy Romer , chair of the group Strong American Schools , which is issuing the report “ Diploma to Nowhere ” on Monday .
“ These students come out of high school really misled .
They think they ’re prepared .
They got a 3.0 and got through the curriculum they needed to get admitted , but they find what they learned was n’t adequate . ”
Christina Jeronimo was an “ A ” student in high school English , but was placed in a remedial course when she arrived at Long Beach City College in California .
The course was valuable in some ways but frustrating and time - consuming .
Now in her third year of community college , she ’d hoped to transfer to UCLA by now .
Like many college students , she wishes she ’d been worked a little harder in high school .
“ There ’s a gap , ” said Jeronimo , who hopes to study psychology .
“ The demands of the high school teachers are n’t as great as the demands for college .
Sometimes they just baby us . ”
The problem of colleges devoting huge amounts of time and money to remediation is n’t new , though its scale and cost has been difficult to measure .
The latest report gives somewhat larger estimates than some previous studies , though it is not out of line with trends suggested in others , said Hunter Boylan , an expert at Appalachian State University in North Carolina , who was not connected with the report .
Analyzing federal data , the report estimates 43 percent of community college students require remediation , as do 29 percent of students at public four - year universities , with higher numbers in some places .
For instance , four in five Oklahoma community college students need remedial coursework , and three in five in the giant California State university system need help in English , math or both .
The cost per student runs to as much as $ 2,000 per student in community colleges and $ 2,500 in four - year universities .
FULL ARTICLE
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
WASHINGTON , DC — Green Party presidential nominee Cynthia McKinney has offered to debate Barack Obama if John McCain ’s opts out at this Friday ’s presidential debate in Oxford , Mississippi , following the Republican nominee ’s announcement that he is seeking a delay of the event .
“ If John McCain wants to bow out , I ’m willing to step in and take his podium on Friday , ” said Cynthia McKinney .
“ The financial meltdown wo n’t come any closer to a resolution because a presidential debate is postponed .
Â
Now is the best time for Americans to see how prepared their leaders are to handle emergencies , how they introduce fresh ideas and solutions for national problems , and whether they ’re willing to stand up for the American people instead of Wall Street moguls and corporate interests , ” Ms. McKinney added .
Ms. McKinney has sharply criticized the bailout bill and has introduced a ten - point plan to address the financial crisis ( “ Seize the Time , ” http://votetruth08.com/index.php/learn/mckinney-messages).
The Green Party has also called for extensive measures and protections for American taxpayers , calling the collapse and bailout of financial institutions a sign that bipartisan deregulation policies and the free - market ideology have failed ( http://www.gp.org/press/pr-national.php?ID=107).
“ I ’m ready right now to travel to Mississippi .
Â Voters have a right to know about all the candidates whose names they ’ll see on the ballot .
Â Voters deserve to know which candidate best represents their interests and ideals .
Â
Any presidential candidate who is on enough ballots to be elected deserves to participate .
Â
We need multi-party presidential debates , and I ’m ready to go up against Barack Obama or any other candidate and present my ideas to the American people .
Â I should be included in these debates whether McCain shows up or not , ” said Ms. McKinney
Cynthia McKinney is a former six - term Georgia member of the US House of Representatives .
Â Ms. McKinney and running mate Rosa Clemente ( http://www.rosaclemente.com) were nominated by the Green Party of the United States at the 2008 Green National Convention in Chicago this past July .
SAN FRANCISCO 
The golden era of the small seller on eBay , hawking gewgaws and knickknacks from the basement or garage , is coming to a noisy and ignominious end .
Consumers appear to be tiring of online auctions , and rivals like Amazon.com are attracting more shoppers with fixed - price listings , while eBay has been struggling for growth .
To shift toward that model , eBay has struck a deal with the Web retailer Buy.com that allows the company to sell millions of books , DVDs , electronics and other items on eBay without paying the full complement of eBay fees .
The recent change is one of several under eBay ’s new chief , John Donahoe , that is stirring rancor among the faithful who depend on the site for their livelihood .
The deal with Buy.com has added over five million fixed - price listings to eBay.com since the beginning of the year  for items from Xbox 360 video game consoles to Weber grills .
Since eBay ’s search listings favor larger sellers who can add perks like free shipping , which improve their feedback ratings , Buy.com ’s presence has hurt many smaller sellers that compete in those product categories .
KDE 3.5.10 Release Announcement
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
KDE 3.5.10 Updates Kicker and KPDF
KDE 3.5.10 features translations in 65 languages , improvements to KPDF and Kicker , the KDE3 Panel .
August 26th , 2008 .
The KDE Community today announced the immediate availability of KDE 3.5.10 , a maintenance release for the latest generation of the most advanced and powerful free desktop for GNU / Linux and other UNIXes .
KDE 3.5.10 sports changes in Kicker , the KDE3 panel and KPDF , the PDF viewer .
The KDE community has finalized yet another update to the 3.5 series .
While not a very exciting release in terms of features , 3.5.10 brings a couple of nice bugfixes and translation updates to those who choose to stay with KDE 3.5 .
The fixes are thinly spread across KPDF with a number of crash fixes , KGPG and probably most interesting various fixes in kicker , KDE3's panel :
Improved visibility on transparent backgrounds
Themed arrow buttons in applets that were missing them
Layout and antialiasing fixes in various applets
Note , as with every release , the changelog is not complete as our developers often forget to document their work .
For users of KDE 3.5.9 it should be low - risk to upgrade to KDE 3.5.10 since the rules of what is to enter the KDE 3.5 branch are pretty strict at that point , it 's in maintenance only mode .
For a more detailed list of improvements since the KDE 3.5.9 release on the 19th February 2008 , please refer to the KDE 3.5.10 Changelog .
KDE 3.5.10 ships with a basic desktop and fifteen other packages ( PIM , administration , network , edutainment , utilities , multimedia , games , artwork , web development and more ) .
KDE 's award - winning tools and applications are available in 65 languages .
Distributions shipping KDE
Most of the Linux distributions and UNIX operating systems do not immediately incorporate new KDE releases , but they will integrate KDE 3.5.10 packages in their next releases .
Check this list to see which distributions are shipping KDE .
Installing KDE 3.5.10 Binary Packages
Package Creators .
Some operating system vendors have kindly provided binary packages of KDE 3.5.10 for some versions of their distribution , and in other cases community volunteers have done so .
Some of these binary packages are available for free download from KDE 's download server at http://download.kde.org.
Additional binary packages , as well as updates to the packages now available , may become available over the coming weeks .
Package Locations .
For a current list of available binary packages of which the KDE Project has been informed , please visit the KDE 3.5.10 Info Page .
Compiling KDE 3.5.10
Source Code .
The complete source code for KDE 3.5.10 may be freely downloaded .
Instructions on compiling and installing KDE 3.5.10 are available from the KDE 3.5.10 Info Page .
Supporting KDE
KDE is a Free Software project that exists and grows only because of the help of many volunteers that donate their time and effort .
KDE is always looking for new volunteers and contributions , whether it's help with coding , bug fixing or reporting , writing documentation , translations , promotion , money , etc .
All contributions are gratefully appreciated and eagerly accepted .
Please read through the Supporting KDE page for further information .
We look forward to hearing from you soon !
About KDE
KDE is an international technology team that creates free and open source software for desktop and portable computing .
Among KDE 's products are a modern desktop system for Linux and UNIX platforms , comprehensive office productivity and groupware suites and hundreds of software titles in many categories including Internet and web applications , multimedia , entertainment , educational , graphics and software development .
KDE software is translated into more than 60 languages and is built with ease of use and modern accessibility principles in mind .
KDE 's full - featured applications run natively on Linux , BSD , Solaris , Windows and macOS .
Trademark Notices .
KDE ® and the K Desktop Environment® logo are registered trademarks of KDE e.V. Linux is a registered trademark of Linus Torvalds .
UNIX is a registered trademark of The Open Group in the United States and other countries .
All other trademarks and copyrights referred to in this announcement are the property of their respective owners .
Press Contacts
For more information send us an email :
press@kde.org
By Frauke Jensen
BBC News , Oranjemund , Namibia
A team of international archaeologists is working round the clock to rescue the wreck of what is thought to be a 16th Century Portuguese trading ship that lay undisturbed for hundreds of years off Namibia 's Atlantic coast .
Recovered treasures include copper ingots , ivory and cannons .
The shipwreck , uncovered in an area drained for diamond mining , has revealed a cargo of metal cannonballs , chunks of wooden hull , imprints of swords , copper ingots and elephant tusks .
It was found in April when a crane driver from the diamond mining company Namdeb spotted some coins .
The project manager of the rescue excavation , Webber Ndoro , described the find as the " the most exciting archaeological discovery on the African continent in the past 100 years " .
" This is perhaps the largest find in terms of artefacts from a shipwreck in this part of the world , " he said .
Skeleton coast
The ship may have been unable to withstand the currents in the volatile seas off Namibia .
North of the protected mining area , Namibia 's shore is known as the Skeleton Coast - associated with the skeletons of wrecked ships and past stories of sailors wandering through the barren landscape in search of food and water .
I am sure there will be many more wrecks to be found here
Webber Ndoro
Project manager
Working out whose ship this was is no easy task .
Gold coins that the Portuguese crown began producing in October 1525 mean it could not have been the vessel of the famous seafarer Bartholomew Dias , who disappeared on one of his travels around the point of Africa in the year 1500 .
But there are other pointers , including swivel - guns known to have been used by Portuguese and Spanish seafarers , and the boat 's shape , indicating that it was a Portuguese " nau " .
There are also copper ingots carrying a clearly visible trident seal that can be traced back to the German banker and merchant family of Jakob Fugger - the main suppliers of primary materials to the Portuguese crown .
Gold and silver coins have been deposited in a bank vault .
Copper ingots carry a trident seal used by the Fugger family Rare navigational instruments have been sent to Portugal for research , while pewter plates and jugs , pieces of ceramic , tin blocks and elephant tusks are temporarily housed in a warehouse on the premises of the mining company .
Some are being freed of their layer of sand and salt to allow for more detailed scrutiny over their make and origin .
" It represents a very interesting cargo - we have goods from Asia , we have goods from Europe , we have goods from Africa , " said Mr Ndoro .
" We always think that globalisation started yesterday but in actual fact here we are with something we can date to around 1500 . "
Protected
The site is about 130 km ( 80 miles ) south of the Namibian harbour town Luderitz , in an area long sealed off for mining .
The mines are established by sea-walling the ocean and dredging the dry seabed for diamonds .
Portuguese gold coins are part of the recovered cargo Pumps ensure the sea does not reclaim the land - an exercise that is costing thousands of dollars each week .
Bruno Werz , the archaeologist leading the excavations , said the shipwreck was particularly valuable because it had not been tampered with .
" This collection has not been disturbed by human interference , " he said .
" We are very fortunate to have found an untouched wreck with all the material that was on site still here in one collection . "
Archaeologists from South Africa , Namibia , Zimbabwe , the United States , the UK and Portugal are working on the excavation , which is due to be completed by mid-October .
Thereafter the detailed work of recording and preserving , which can take up to 30 years , can begin .
Stone and metal cannonballs and other artefacts are being covered with plastic and sand to protect them from sun and air .
Mr Ndoro said the shipwreck was a very important find for Africa .
" Here we have different African countries cooperating to make sure we have saved this ship and we have something we can show to the world . "
" I am sure there will be many more wrecks to be found here , " he added .
" Namibia should invest in training archaeologists . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
( UPDATE : The McCain campaign responds below . )
Barack Obama rejected John McCain 's proposal that the first presidential debate , scheduled Friday , be postponed to deal with the increasingly fragile prospects of the federal government bailout of financial firms .
" This is exactly the time the American people need to hear from the person who in about 40 days will be responsible for dealing with this mess , " Obama said .
" In my mind , [ the debate ] is more important then ever . "
To read more of Obama 's remarks , click here .
Senior advisor Robert Gibbs weighed in more bluntly : " My sense is there is going to be a stage , an audience , a moderator , and at least one presidential candidate . "
The Commission on Presidential Debates agreed , issuing a statement that said the debate is moving forward as planned .
UPDATE : The McCain camp seemed unfazed by the commission 's remarks .
Campaign spokesman Brian Rogers told The Times ' Bob Drogin that while the GOP nominee looks forward to going mano - a- mano with Obama , the meeting will just have to wait .
" Debates can be rescheduled , " Rogers said .
" Dealing with an urgent national crisis cannot be rescheduled . "
" ... his only focus now is to bring people together to work out a deal to take some action to deal with the crisis we have , " Rogers said .
" If we can hammer out a deal by the time of the debate , sure , we 'd love to do a debate . "
Earlier today , McCain announced that he was putting his campaign on hold to return to Washington , and urged Obama to do the same , calling for the debate to be postponed .
The Obama campaign appeared to be caught off - guard by McCain 's announcement , though a stream of comments criticizing McCain 's proposal from high - ranking Democrats , including Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , appeared to indicate which way Obama was leaning .
— Seema Mehta
Welcome to the Lucy Parsons Project .
Lucy Parsons was an African , Native and Mexican - American revolutionary anarchist labor activist from the late nineteenth and 20th century America .
Emerging out of the Chicago Haymarket affair of 1886 , in which eight anarchists were imprisoned or hung for their beliefs , Lucy Parsons led tens of thousands of workers into the streets in mass protests across the country .
Defying both racial and gender discrimination , she was at the forefront of movements for social justice her entire life .
She sparked rebellion and discontent among poor and exploited workers wherever she spoke , and her fiery , powerful orations invoked fear in authority nationwide .
This web site is a tribute to Lucy Parsons , her work , and the causes she championed .
May she continue to serve as an inspiration in the ongoing struggle for peace , justice , freedom and democracy .
( CNN ) -- Sen. John McCain on Tuesday proposed lifting the ban on offshore drilling as part of his plan to reduce dependence on foreign oil and help combat rising gas prices .
Sen .
John McCain says it 's time for the federal government " to put our own reserves to use . "
" The stakes are high for our citizens and for our economy , " McCain , the presumed Republican nominee for president , said at a press conference Tuesday in Houston , Texas .
Hours later , White House Press Secretary Dana Perino said President Bush on Wednesday will ask Congress to lift the ban on offshore drilling .
Bush has long called for opening the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge in Alaska to oil exploration , but Perino said he now wants to go further .
" For years , the president has pushed Congress to expand our domestic oil supply , but Democrats in Congress have consistently blocked such action , " she said .
Earlier in the day , McCain , describing the high price of fuel , confused the cost of gallons versus barrels , which drew laughs from the crowd and the candidate himself .
He quickly corrected himself .
" And with gasoline running at more than $ 4 a barrel ... a gallon ... I wish ... $ 4 a gallon , many do not have the luxury of waiting on the far - off plans of futurists and politicians , " he said .
" We have proven oil reserves of at least 21 billion barrels in the United States .
But a broad federal moratorium stands in the way of energy exploration and production .
And I believe it is time for the federal government to lift these restrictions and to put our own reserves to use . "
McCain 's plan would let individual states decide whether to explore drilling possibilities .
Watch a McCain adviser describe the proposal »
The proposal could put McCain at odds with environmentalists who say it is incongruous with his plans to combat global warning .
California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger , a McCain ally , opposes offshore drilling .
Florida Gov. Charlie Crist had expressed opposition to exploring coastal waters , but he said this week he supports McCain 's plan to lift the moratorium and would not rule out letting his state choose to drill offshore .
" It 's the last thing in the world I 'd like to do , but I also understand what people are paying at the pump , and I understand the drag it is on our economy , " Crist told the St. Petersburg Times .
" Something has to be done in a responsible , pragmatic way . "
The current law , which has been in effect since 1981 , covers most of the country 's coastal waters .
Many officials from coastal states oppose offshore drilling because of the risk of oil spills .
Environmentalists want offshore drilling to stop to protect oceans and beaches from further pollution .
" The next president must be willing to break with the energy policies , not just of the current administration , but the administrations that preceded it , and lead a great national campaign to achieve energy security for America , " McCain said Tuesday .
McCain on Monday said incentives could possibly be provided for states that choose to permit exploration off their coasts , adding that " exploration is a step toward the longer - term goal . "
Tuesday 's discussion marks the first in a series of talks about America 's energy security that McCain will hold during the next two weeks as he lays out his plan to reduce the country 's dependence on foreign oil .
McCain opposes drilling in some parts of the wilderness and says those areas must be left undisturbed .
" When America set aside the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge , we called it a ' refuge ' for a reason , " he said .
McCain also criticized the energy policy of Democratic rival Sen. Barack Obama .
" He says that high oil prices are not the problem , but only that they rose too quickly .
He does n't support new domestic production .
He does n't support new nuclear plants .
He does n't support more traditional use of coal , either , " McCain said .
" So what does Sen. Obama support in energy policy ?
Well , for starters , he supported the energy bill of 2005 -- a grab bag of corporate favors that I opposed .
And now he supports new taxes on energy producers .
He wants a windfall profits tax on oil , to go along with the new taxes he also plans for coal and natural gas .
If the plan sounds familiar , it 's because that was President Jimmy Carter 's big idea too -- and a lot of good it did us . "
McCain argues that a windfall profits tax will only increase the country 's dependence on foreign oil and be an obstacle to domestic exploration .
" I 'm all for recycling -- but it 's better applied to paper and plastic than to the failed policies of the 1970s , " he said .
Obama on Tuesday blasted McCain for changing his stance on offshore drilling .
" John McCain 's support of the moratorium on offshore drilling during his first presidential campaign was certainly laudable , but his decision to completely change his position and tell a group of Houston oil executives exactly what they wanted to hear today was the same Washington politics that has prevented us from achieving energy independence for decades , " he said .
" It 's another example of short - term political posturing from Washington , not the long - term leadership we need to solve our dependence on oil , " he said .
Democratic Florida Sen . Bill Nelson also criticized McCain 's plan , saying it would ruin his state 's tourism industry and would not solve the problem .
" I thought John McCain was serious when he said he wanted to make America less dependent on oil .
I did n't think he was a flip - flopper .
He knows that more drilling is n't the solution to high gas prices , " Nelson said Tuesday .
Obama said a windfall profits tax would ease the burden of energy costs on working families .
He also wants to invest in affordable , renewable energy sources .
Controversy over offshore drilling surfaced in the United States in 1969 , after a crack in the seafloor led to a huge oil spill off Santa Barbara , California .
During the 1970s , when many Arab nations launched an oil embargo , many U.S. officials pushed for the exploration of offshore drilling of the coastal United States .
Environmentalists responded with loud protests .
CNN White House Correspondent Ed Henry contributed to this report
All About Oil Production and Refining • John McCain • Barack Obama
New Sunspot Is Harbinger Of New Solar Cycle , Increasing Risk For Electrical Systems
by Staff Writers
Washington DC ( SPX ) Jan 07 , 2008
A new 11 - year cycle of heightened solar activity , bringing with it increased risks for power grids , critical military , civilian and airline communications , GPS signals and even cell phones and ATM transactions , showed signs it was on its way late yesterday when the cycle 's first sunspot appeared in the sun 's Northern Hemisphere , NOAA scientists said .
" This sunspot is like the first robin of spring , " said solar physicist Douglas Biesecker of NOAA 's Space Weather Prediction Center .
" In this case , it 's an early omen of solar storms that will gradually increase over the next few years . "
A sunspot is an area of highly organized magnetic activity on the surface of the sun .
The new 11 - year cycle , called Solar Cycle 24 , is expected to build gradually , with the number of sunspots and solar storms reaching a maximum by 2011 or 2012 , though devastating storms can occur at any time .
During a solar storm , highly charged material ejected from the sun may head toward Earth , where it can bring down power grids , disrupt critical communications , and threaten astronauts with harmful radiation .
Storms can also knock out commercial communications satellites and swamp Global Positioning System signals .
Routine activities such as talking on a cell phone or getting money from an ATM machine could suddenly halt over a large part of the globe .
" Our growing dependence on highly sophisticated , space - based technologies means we are far more vulnerable to space weather today than in the past , " said Vice Admiral Conrad C. Lautenbacher , Jr. , under secretary of commerce for oceans and atmosphere and NOAA administrator .
" NOAA 's space weather monitoring and forecasts are critical for the nation 's ability to function smoothly during solar disturbances . "
Last April , in coordination with an international panel of solar experts , NOAA issued a forecast that Solar Cycle 24 would start in March 2008 , plus or minus six months .
The panel was evenly split between those predicting a strong or weak cycle .
Both camps agree that the sooner the new cycle takes over the waning previous cycle , the more likely that it will be a strong season with many sunspots and major storms , said Biesecker .
Many more sunspots with Solar Cycle 24 traits must emerge before scientists consider the new cycle dominant , with the potential for more frequent storms .
The new sunspot , identified as # 10,981 , is the latest visible spot to appear since NOAA began numbering them on January 5 , 1972 .
Its high - latitude location at 27 degrees North , and its negative polarity leading to the right in the Northern Hemisphere are clear - cut signs of a new solar cycle , according to NOAA experts .
The first active regions and sunspots of a new solar cycle can emerge at high latitudes while those from the previous cycle continue to form closer to the equator .
SWPC is the nation 's first alert for solar activity and its affects on Earth .
The center 's space weather forecasters issue outlooks for the next 11 - year solar " season " and warn of individual storms occurring on the sun that could impact Earth .
SWPC is one of NOAA 's nine National Centers for Environmental Prediction and is also the warning agency of the International Space Environment Service ( ISES ) , a consortium of 11 member nations .
Broccoli
Broccoli is a hardy vegetable of the cabbage family that is high in vitamins A and D .
It develops best during cool seasons of the year .
When broccoli plants of most varieties are properly grown and harvested , they can yield over an extended period .
Side heads develop after the large , central head is removed .
Two crops per year ( spring and fall ) may be grown in most parts of the country .
New heat tolerant varieties allow broccoli to be produced in all but the hottest parts of the season .
Transplants are recommended to give the best start for spring planting , because transplanting gets the plants established more quickly .
Thus they can bear their crop with minimal interference from the extreme heat of early summer .
Fall crops may be direct - seeded in the garden if space allows or may be started in flats to replace early crops when their harvest ends .
Recommended Varieties
Cruiser ( 58 days to harvest ; uniform , high yield ; tolerant of dry conditions )
Green Comet ( 55 days ; early ; heat tolerant )
Green Goliath ( 60 days ; spring , summer or fall ; tolerant of extremes )
When to Plant
Transplant young , vigorously growing plants in early spring .
Plants that remain too long in seed flats may produce " button " heads soon after planting .
For fall crops , buy or grow your own transplants or plant seeds directly in the garden .
For fall planting , start seedlings in midsummer for transplanting into the garden in late summer .
To determine the best time for setting your fall transplants , count backward from the first fall frost in your area and add about 10 to the days to harvest from transplants .
Remember that time from seed to transplant is not included in this figure .
Spacing & Depth
Plant seeds 1 / 4 to 1/2 inch deep , or set transplants slightly deeper than they were grown originally .
Plant or thin seedlings 18 to 24 inches apart in the row and allow 36 inches between rows .
Broccoli plants grow upright , often reaching a height of 2 1 /2 feet .
Space plants one foot apart in all directions in beds .
Care
Use starter fertilizer for transplants and side - dress with nitrogen fertilizer when the plants are half grown .
Provide ample soil moisture , especially as the heads develop .
Harvesting
The edible part of broccoli are compact clusters of unopened flower buds and the attached portion of stem .
The green buds develop first in one large central head and later in several smaller side shoots .
Cut the central head with 5 to 6 inches of stem , after the head is fully developed , but before it begins to loosen and separate and the individual flowers start to open ( show bright yellow ) .
Removing the central head stimulates the side shoots to develop for later pickings .
These side shoots grow from the axils of the lower leaves .
You usually can continue to harvest broccoli for several weeks .
Common Problems
Aphids —
Watch for buildup of colonies of aphids on the undersides of the leaves .
For more information on aphids , see our feature in the Bug Review .
Cabbage worms —
Three species of cabbage worms ( imported cabbage worms , cabbage loopers and diamond back moth worms ) commonly attack the leaves and heads of cabbage and related cole crops .
Imported cabbage worms are velvety green caterpillars .
The moth is white and commonly is seen during the day hovering over plants in the garden .
Cabbage loopers ( " measuring worms " ) are smooth , light green caterpillars .
The cabbage looper crawls by doubling up ( to form a loop ) and then moving the front of its body forward .
The moth is brown and is most active at night .
Diamondback worms are small , pale , green caterpillars that are pointed on both ends .
The moth is gray , with diamond - shaped markings when the wings are closed .
The damage caused by diamondback larvae looks like shot holes in the leaf .
The larval or worm stages of these insects cause damage by eating holes in the leaves and cabbage head .
The adult moths or butterflies lay their eggs on the leaves but otherwise do not damage the plants .
The worms are not easy to see because they are fairly small and blend with the cabbage leaves .
Cabbage worms are quite destructive and can ruin the crop if not controlled .
They are even worse in fall plantings than in spring gardens because the population has had several months to increase .
About the time of the first frost in the fall , moth and caterpillar numbers finally begin to decline drastically .
For more information on cabbage worms , see our feature in the Bug Review .
Questions & Answers
Q. How large should the central head of broccoli grow before cutting ?
A. Harvest the central head when the individual florets begin to enlarge and develop and before flowering begins .
Size varies with variety , growing conditions and season of growth ; but central heads should grow to be 4 to 6 inches in diameter , or even larger .
Late side shoots may reach only 1 to 2 inches in diameter .
Q . What causes small plants , poor heading and early flowering ?
A. Yellow flowers may appear before the heads are ready to harvest during periods of high temperatures .
Planting too late in the spring or failing to give the plants a good start contributes to this condition .
Premature flower development also may be caused by interrupted growth resulting from extended chilling of young plants , extremely early planting , holding plants in a garden center until they are too old or too dry , and severe drought conditions .
Small heads that form soon after plants are set in the garden are called " buttons " and usually result from mistreated seedlings being held too long or improperly before sale or planting .
Applying a starter fertilizer at transplanting gets the plants off to a good start but cannot correct all the difficulties mentioned .
Selection & Storage
Since broccoli grows best in cool weather , your garden plan should produce a fall and spring harvest .
The large central head is the spring harvest and smaller side shoots will be ready in the fall .
Harvest when the head is large and firm , with a compact cluster of small flower buds with none open enough to show bright yellow flowers .
Look for bright green or purplish - green heads .
Yellow flowers and enlarged buds are signs of over - maturity .
Store the broccoli , unwashed , in loose or perforated plastic bags in the vegetable crisper of the refrigerator .
Broccoli left unrefrigerated quickly becomes fibrous and woody .
Wet broccoli quickly becomes limp and moldy in the refrigerator — so wash it just before using .
Store fresh broccoli in the refrigerator for 3 - 5 days .
Old broccoli may look fine , but it develops strong undesirable flavors .
It tastes best and is highest in nutritional value when storage time is brief .
Nutritional Value & Health Benefits
A member of the cabbage family and a close relative of cauliflower , broccoli packs more nutrients than any other vegetable .
Broccoli contains large amounts of vitamin C and beta carotene which are important antioxidants .
In the United States , broccoli has become the most favored cruciferous vegetable ( cauliflower , Brussels Sprouts , and all forms of cabbage ) .
Researchers have concluded that broccoli and other cruciferous vegetables should be included in the diet several times a week .
Consuming foods high in antioxidants can reduce the risk of some forms of cancer and heart disease .
One half cup cooked broccoli contains the following nutrients as well as many other trace nutrients and phytochemicals .
Nutrition Facts ( 1/2 cup cooked fresh broccoli )
Calories 23
Dietary fiber 2.4 grams
Protein 2.3 grams
Carbohydrates 4.3 mg
Beta carotene
Vitamin C 49 mg
Folic Acid 53.3 nanograms
Calcium 89 mg
Iron 0.9 mg
Preparation & Serving
Wash broccoli under cool running water .
Never allow it to sit in water as it will lose water soluble nutrients .
Fresh broccoli is delicious raw or cooked .
Trim and peel the stalk , it is high in fiber .
Cut the florets into uniform pieces for even cooking .
Overcooked broccoli develops a strong sulfur odor .
Steam broccoli for 3 - 4 minutes or simmer in about one inch of boiling water for the same amount of time or less .
Cooked broccoli should be bright green and tender - crisp .
Overcooked broccoli turns dark green and suffers nutrient loss , especially vitamin C .
Home Preservation
Freezing is the best way to preserve broccoli .
Broccoli , as well as all other broccoli vegetables , must be blanched ( scalded ) in boiling water before freezing .
Unblanched vegetables contain an active enzyme which causes toughening and severe flavor and nutrient loss during freezing .
Blanching retards the enzyme activity .
Freezing does not improve the quality of any vegetable .
Freezing actually can magnify undesirable characteristics .
For instance woodiness in stalks become more noticeable upon thawing .
Select broccoli that has grown under favorable conditions and prepare for freezing as soon after picking as possible .
Broccoli at its peak quality for eating will produce best results in the freezer .
In a blanching pot or large pot with a tight fitting lid , bring 5 quarts of water to a rolling boil .
Meanwhile , wash broccoli , trim stalks and cut through florets so that pieces of heads are not more than 1 inch across .
Peel stalks and cut into rounds or quarter lengthwise .
Blanch no more than one pound at a time .
Add broccoli to boiling water and immediately cover with a tight fitting lid .
Start timing immediately and blanch for four minutes .
Prepare an ice water bath in a large 5 - quart container or the sink .
Remove broccoli from water with a slotted spoon or blanching basket .
Emerge in the ice water bath for five minutes or until cooled .
If you do not have ice , use several changes of cold water or running cold water .
Remove and drain .
Pack cold broccoli in zip - closure freezer bags or freezer containers .
Squeeze out as much air as possible before sealing bags .
Label and date each container or bag .
Immediately place in the freezer , allowing an inch of space around each container until it is frozen .
Freeze for up to one year at 0 degrees F. or below .
Blanching water can be reused .
Add more water if necessary .
Remember to always bring water back to a rolling boil before blanching more broccoli .
Recipes
Herbs and spices that enhance the flavor of broccoli include basil , dill , garlic , lemon balm , marjoram , oregano , tarragon and thyme .
Steamed Broccoli with Lemon - Dill Dressing
1 bunch broccoli ( about 2 pounds )
3 carrots , peeled and cut into 2 - inch strips
Lemon - Dill Dressing
6 tablespoons olive oil
2 tablespoons lemon juice
zest of one lemon , grated or minced
1/4 teaspoon black pepper ( optional )
1 teaspoon dried dill weed or 3 teaspoons fresh dill
salt to taste
Wash , trim stems from broccoli and peel , cut into strips the same size as carrots .
Cut florets into small uniform pieces and set aside .
Prepare carrots and set aside .
Bring a large saucepan of water to a boil .
( Or prepare the steamer ) Add carrots and broccoli stems .
Cook for one minute .
Add broccoli florets and boil two minutes longer .
Do not over cook .
Drain , and rinse under cold running water , drain again .
Place in a large bowl and gently toss with dressing .
Serve immediately .
Makes six servings .
Broccoli Stir-fry
2 tablespoons toasted sesame seed oil
1/2 cup walnuts , broken or chopped coarsely
1/4 cup chopped green onions with tops ( optional )
4 cups broccoli florets
1/4 cup red pepper strips
2 tablespoons lite soy sauce
In a large heavy , skillet heat oil until hot .
Add walnuts and onions and stir - fry for one minute tossing constantly .
Add broccoli and continue to toss for three to four minutes .
Add red pepper strips and soy sauce and continue to cook one minute longer .
Serve immediately .
Makes six servings .
BRUSSELS ( Reuters ) - NATO agreed after U.S. pressure on Tuesday to freeze regular contacts with Russia until Moscow had withdrawn its troops from Georgia in line with a peace deal .
The alliance also agreed to upgrade contacts with Tbilisi but stopped short of accelerating its efforts to join NATO , an ambition which had enraged Russia even before the two - week - old conflict over Georgia ’s breakaway South Ossetia region .
“ We have determined that we cannot continue with business as usual , ” the 26 NATO states said in a joint declaration issued after emergency talks in Brussels .
The statement did not explicitly refer to a U.S. demand to suspend contacts within the six - year - old NATO - Russia Council ( NRC ) , but NATO Secretary - General Jaap de Hoop Scheffer said it was clear such contacts could not take place at present .
“ As long as Russian forces are basically occupying a large part of Georgia I can not see a NATO - Russia Council convening at whatever level , ” he told a news conference .
“ But I should add that we certainly do not have the intention to close all doors in our communication with Russia , ” he said , after several European allies including Britain and Germany expressed doubts about cutting off links with Moscow .
The NATO statement drew sharp condemnation from Moscow , where Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov accused the alliance of bias and wanting to support a “ criminal regime ” in Tbilisi .
Slideshow ( 4 images )
“ Certainly there will be a lot of changes in our cooperation with NATO and we will have changes in the volume , the quality and the timeframe in our consultations and meetings , ” Russian ambassador to NATO Dmitry Rogozin said in Brussels .
“ NO ISOLATION ”
Months of tension between Georgia and Russia erupted on August 7 , when Tbilisi sought to regain control of South Ossetia .
Russia , which backs the separatists , launched a massive counter - offensive that extended well into Georgia .
A column of Russian tanks and armored vehicles left the strategically important Georgian town of Gori on Tuesday , but Russian officials said the main withdrawal demanded by the West would not happen for three more days .
NATO ’s statement did not specify how it could curtail steps to strengthen ties with Russia that started in the 1990s .
U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice denied Washington wanted to isolate Moscow and dismissed suggestions that tougher actions on Moscow had been blocked by European capitals , viewed by analysts as anxious not to upset a major energy supplier .
Slideshow ( 4 images )
“ The behavior of Russia in this most recent crisis is isolating Russia , ” she told a news conference .
“ The United States got precisely what we sought in this statement . ”
Polish Foreign Minister Radoslaw Sikorski , whose country has long backed Georgia ’s aspirations to join NATO , said he believed Russia ’s actions were sparking an “ intellectual sea change ” in the West over Moscow ’s behavior in the region .
“ It ’s not every day that a sovereign country is invaded and wrecked ...
The events of the last few weeks should make us all realize that Russia means business , ” he told Reuters .
French Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner joined the call for Russia to withdraw but said he was starting to doubt Moscow would honor its pledge to pull back .
Georgia ’s foreign minister called for international peacekeepers to replace Russian troops in South Ossetia .
“ I think the next step after the withdrawal of the Russian forces ... is effective international engagement which completely substitutes any Russian presence on the soil of Georgia , ” Eka Tkeshelashvili told reporters in Brussels .
Since the end of the Cold War , NATO and Russia have agreed modest cooperation in areas such as counter - terrorism and set up the NATO - Russia Council to manage a regular dialogue .
Backers of Tbilisi have said the conflict strengthened the argument for bringing Georgia into NATO as soon as possible but Rice told reporters on Monday there was no plan to accelerate NATO discussions on the matter that are set for December .
We could be generating huge amounts of power from sewage .
The process is fairly simple — just ferment sewage to produce a fuel called biogas .
Biogas is almost entirely methane , and so is natural gas , so the two are essential interchangeable .
The potential to produce biogas is almost entirely overlooked by most countries — except Sweden .
In Sweden , 25 % of all energy use is derived from biomass .
In Linköping , Sweden ’s fifth biggest city , all the buses and garbage trucks run on biogas .
The also have a biogas powered train line and some private taxis run on biogas .
Last year , the Swedish government converted more than 700,000 liters of ‘ confiscated alcohol ’ into biofuel , which otherwise are poured down the drain by the customs officials , as a standard procedure .
“ Amanda , ” thought to be the world ’s first biogas train , started chugging along the southeast coast of Sweden in 2005 .
You can find biogas being sold at gas stations around Sweden .
Cars using biogas created a stir when they began to be rolled out on a large scale at the start of the decade .
The tailpipe emissions are virtually odorless , the fuel is cheaper than gasoline and diesel , and the idea of recovering energy from toilet waste appealed to green - minded Swedes .
In Stockholm , 25 % of city buses run on biogas or ethanol .
A comprehensive book about of biogas is the Complete Biogas Handbook .
It ’s technical but full of information on this fuel .
See also the book , Reusing the Resource , which is all about treating sewage as resource , not a waste product .
For more on biogas in Sweden , see this article in The Guardian
SALT LAKE CITY - A woman who made news around the world when she had five pups cloned from her beloved pit bull Booger looked very familiar to some who saw her picture :
She 's the same woman who 31 years earlier was accused of abducting a Mormon missionary in England , handcuffing him to a bed and making him her sex slave .
Dog lover Bernann McKinney acknowledged in a telephone call to the Associated Press on Saturday that she is indeed Joyce McKinney , who in 1977 became a British tabloid sensation when she faced charges of unlawful imprisonment in the missionary case .
She jumped bail and was never brought to justice .
Through tears , she explained that she went public with her efforts to replicate Booger , who died two years ago , hoping people would be able to focus on that story rather than the " garbage " of the past .
" I thought people would be honest enough to see me as a person who was trying to do something good and not as a celebrity , " she said .
" My mother always taught me , ' Say something good or say nothing at all . '
" I think I gave people too much credit . "
British tabloids first recognized the blonde woman 's smiling face when she appeared in news photographs last week with the five pit - bull pups she paid South Korean scientists $ 53,000 to clone .
McKinney , who initially denied a connection between the two women , acknowledged that she was one and the same after the AP ran a story noting the striking similarities in arrest records and court documents for the names Bernann McKinney and Joyce McKinney .
They had the same birth date and Social Security numbers , the same hometown of Newland , N.C. , and Joyce McKinney 's middle name is Bernann .
But the now - 57 - year - old McKinney said that , as far as she 's concerned , the Joyce McKinney of 31 years ago does n't exist .
She maintains her innocence and says the woman of all those years ago is a " figment of the tabloid press . "
The story of Joyce McKinney is the stuff of pulp fiction : a North Carolina - born beauty queen who moved west , won the title Miss Wyoming USA and went on to college at Brigham Young University , where she became obsessed with a Mormon fellow student .
When that student took a missionary trip to England , authorities say McKinney hired a private detective so she could locate and follow him .
She and a male accomplice were accused of abducting the 21 - year - old missionary as he went door to door , taking him to a rented 17th - century " honeymoon cottage " in Devon and chaining him spread - eagle to a bed with several pairs of mink - lined handcuffs .
There , officials say , he was repeatedly forced to have sex with McKinney before he was able to escape and notify police .
In a 1977 court hearing mobbed by the British press , Joyce McKinney said she 'd fallen in love with the man and acknowledged tracking him to England .
" I loved him so much , " she told a judge , " that I would ski naked down Mount Everest in the nude with a carnation up my nose if he asked me to . "
But she denied a sexual assault , saying the young man was a willing partner .
In her call to the AP on Saturday , McKinney repeated the same argument her lawyer made all those years ago :
There 's no way she could have overpowered the young Mormon because he was much bigger and stronger .
" I did n't rape no 300 - pound man , " she said .
" He was built like a Green Bay Packer . "
McKinney and her accomplice spent three months in jail before being released on bail .
Press reports at the time said the pair then jumped bail , posing as deaf - mute actors in Ireland to board an Air Canada flight to Toronto and eventually a bus to Cleveland , where investigators lost their trail .
Joyce McKinney surfaced again in Utah in May 1984 and was arrested for reportedly stalking the workplace of the same Mormon man she was accused of imprisoning in England .
News reports say that police found a length of rope and handcuffs in the trunk of McKinney 's car , along with notebooks detailing the man 's daily activities .
Set to stand trial for lying to police and harassment in 1986 , McKinney again disappeared and the case was dismissed .
" It 's taken years of therapy to get past this , " she told the AP .
" We go to church and serve the Lord and try to lead good lives and do good things . "
At the Avery County , N.C. , courthouse in McKinney 's hometown of Newland , a clerk said she instantly recognized the woman snuggling puppies as the Joyce Bernann McKinney who has been a frequent defendant in court cases there .
" She is a person of note in our little community , " clerk Julia Henson said .
Editor 's note : Glenn Beck is on CNN Headline News nightly at 7 and 9 ET and also is host of a conservative national radio talk show .
Glenn
Beck says the financial crisis has become severe and a solution is needed right away .
NEW YORK ( CNN ) --
When I see something on the horizon that I consider serious , all I can do is dive in and do as much homework as my brain can possibly handle .
Then , after I digest the information , I look around for the smartest people I can find and talk to them .
And then I e-mail them .
Then I call them at home during their child 's fourth birthday party .
This is why there 's not a long line of people gathering to be my friend ( among other things ) .
Doing my homework and then listening to the best brains from both sides of an issue allows me to crystallize my opinions better than any other method I 've tried .
When I first started to truly understand the economy , one of the smartest people I began speaking to was Nouriel Roubini , chairman of RGE Monitor and professor of economics at New York University 's Stern School of Business .
Right here on CNN.com , after sifting through all of Roubini's " smart guy " language , I attempted to boil down the five levels of economic disaster that we could be facing .
Like our military 's DEFCON ( a one - to - five scale , with one being the most serious ) , the " DEFCONOMY scale " has been eerily prescient so far .
And believe me , this is n't a set of predictions that either Mr. Roubini or I wanted to turn out to be correct .
Back in February when the column was published , I was being called crazy for being too pessimistic .
I had become a bit of a dark cloud to be around .
No one wants to grab lunch with the guy constantly whining about the sky falling , especially when things seemed to be going generally well .
At the time , most people were n't even sure we were on the DEFCONOMY scale at all .
Now , we 've clearly raced passed DEFCONOMY 5 , 4 , and likely 3 as well .
Look at the description of DEFCONOMY 3 :
" Some banks begin to crack under the pressure of continuing write - downs and mounting defaults by consumers .
A national or large regional bank finally collapses , triggering hedge fund failures and general chaos on Wall Street , potentially leading to a 1987 - style market crash .
Odds we get here : Very good .
Roubini says that we 'll likely socialize the losses , " effectively nationalizing the mortgages or the banks . "
Any of that sound familiar ?
The Wall Street Journal reported that last week , " the market for mortgage - backed securities disappeared " and that the " financial system was behaving like a patient losing blood pressure . "
As we threaten to cross into DEFCONOMY 2 , the government rushed to bring us into the current bailout debate and stop the bleeding .
But it may be too late -- my gut tells me we 're already in Defconomy 2 , and if true -- the transition to Defconomy 1 may be far quicker than many expect .
To show how serious of a situation we are in , Defconomy 1 on Roubini 's list is the great depression .
So now that we 're here , what do we do ?
I am massively conflicted about this bailout program .
The idea of government stepping in to bail out international banks that were reckless with their own business literally makes my stomach churn .
We are privatizing gains and socializing losses .
As George Will wrote this week : " Treasury Secretary Paulson , asked about conservative complaints that his rescue program amounts to socialism , said , essentially :
This is not socialism , this is necessary .
That non sequitur might be politically necessary , but remember that government control of capital is government control of capitalism . "
Unfortunately , he 's right .
In fact , it would have to take an absolute disaster to make me even consider supporting something like this .
Welcome to that absolute disaster .
In the weeks following that DEFCONOMY column , I moved from thinking this meltdown scenario was a frightening possibility to realizing it was a near inevitability .
While it took the people in power far too long to recognize it , they are now understanding the same sad truth .
This bailout plan is not a good idea -- it 's an absolutely terrible idea .
It 's just the only idea we have left .
Our financial system is like a 747 flying around with all four of our engines on fire .
The bailout effort will not stop us from landing hard , but without it , we may simply drop out of the sky .
iReport.com : Will a bailout save us ?
What Congress is attempting is a last - second search for an open field to land this plane with as little damage as possible .
With that in mind , I think some kind of action may be a necessary evil , but we must be very , very careful .
Action for the sake of action , much like change for the sake of change , does n't solve problems .
It usually inflames them .
And what 's worse is that it creates brand - new catastrophes we have n't even considered yet .
Wall Street and Congress have been playing with fire , and now it 's Main Street that 's beginning to sweat .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer .
All About National Economy • Financial Markets
Yes , she believes in them .
Of course she believes in them .
Her former pastor believes that Alaska will be the refuge for the faithful in the lower 48 states when the Rapture comes .
She is a Biblical literalist who denies evolution - who has to deny evolution - to remain in her church .
She believes - because she has to believe - that the earth was created 6,000 years ago .
And she believes that the Apocalypse will start in the Middle East .
Sam Harris sees it clearly , as usual :
Palin 's spiritual colleagues describe themselves as part of " the final generation , " engaged in " spiritual warfare " to purge the earth of " demonic strongholds . "
Palin has spent her entire adult life immersed in this apocalyptic hysteria .
Ask yourself :
Is it a good idea to place the most powerful military on earth at her disposal ?
Do we actually want our leaders thinking about the fulfillment of Biblical prophecy when it comes time to say to the Iranians , or to the North Koreans , or to the Pakistanis , or to the Russians or to the Chinese : " All options remain on the table " ?
It is now 24 days since she was announced as a potential president of the United States next January and she still has n't given a news conference or has any plans to hold one .
This black - out of all serious press access has never happened in modern American political history before .
If that does n't concern you , what will ?
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
IT WAS , she said , the " trip of a lifetime " .
The young governor from the remote state engaged in her own brand of shuttle diplomacy in the summer of 2007 , even posing , gun in hand , with some of her loyal troops in a far - off land .
But this weekend , the story of Alaska governor and Republican vice - presidential nominee Sarah Palin 's trip to Ireland , Germany , Kuwait and Iraq began to shrink under scrutiny .
Interrogated about hazy details of the itinerary - the first time she had travelled outside of North America - campaign officials acknowledged that Ms Palin had not entered Iraq , but had instead visited Alaska national guard troops on the Kuwait border .
" You have to have permission to go into a lot of areas , and [ the border crossing ] is where her permissions were , " Alaska national guard colonel Dave Osborn told the Boston Globe .
As for the trip to Ireland , that was little more than a refuelling stop .
The admission by the McCain camp further dents her foreign policy credentials .
The campaign has made much of her experience dealing with Russia and Canada , countries that border Alaska .
But in an interview broadcast last week , her first since becoming Mr McCain 's running mate , Ms Palin indicated that her knowledge of Russia was restricted to being able to see it from Alaska .
It now appears that her knowledge of Iraq is based on her having been able to see it from Kuwait .
The latest revelation about Ms Palin 's travels came as several newspapers continued to investigate her tenure as the mayor of a small town in Alaska and her two years as state governor .
The New York Timesaccused her of cronyism and carrying out vendettas against her political foes .
Undaunted , or perhaps buoyed by the controversies surrounding her candidacy , Ms Palin campaigned alone for the first time at the weekend in Nevada , a crucial swing state .
Both she and the Democratic presidential nominee Barack Obama were due to campaign in Colorado , another western swing state , today .
Meanwhile , despite a week of adverse opinion polls , the Obama camp announced it had raised a record $ 66 million ( €46 million ) in August .
The latest figures may bolster expectations of a money advantage that Mr Obama could have over Mr McCain in the final two months before the election .
Opinion polls show that the race is dead even .
Obama spokesman Bill Burton said the August figure was helped by 500,000 new donors .
The tally for the latest month exceeded the $ 55 million for February , which marked a record for Mr Obama and an all - time high for any candidate in a primary .
After far surpassing Mr McCain in private fundraising , earlier this year Mr Obama opted against taking public funds for the final stretch of the campaign .
Mr McCain , who chose to take public financing , has access to an infusion of $ 84 million from a government presidential election fund for the period between the Republican convention and the November 4th election .
In August , his last month of private fundraising , Mr McCain took in $ 47 million , a record for his campaign and an amount that was helped by his announcement of Ms Palin as his running mate .
Despite his prodigious private fundraising , Mr Obama may not have as much of an advantage as he could when it comes to advertisements and get - out - the - vote efforts .
Mr McCain benefits from money contributed to the coffers of the Republican National Committee , which has been more successful at raising money than the Democratic Party .
- ( Guardianservice ; additional reporting Reuters )
Who knew ?
Even as Senator Barack Obama has tried to overcome skepticism by some Jewish voters , he has been keeping a little family secret .
Turns out that a member of the Obama clan is a rabbi .
Rabbi Capers C. Funnye Jr. , who heads a predominantly black congregation in Chicago , is a cousin of Michelle Obama , Mr. Obama ’s wife .
Rabbi Funnye is the son of Verdelle Robinson Funnye , the sister of Mrs. Obama ’s grandfather , Frasier Robinson Jr. The relationship was first reported in The Wall Street Journal without mentioning Rabbi Funnye by name .
As the first black member of the Chicago Board of Rabbis and many mainstream Jewish organizations , Rabbi Funnye is well known in Chicago , primarily for his efforts to build bridges across racial and religious divides .
He was also known to Mr. Obama : Though Rabbi Funnye , 56 , is older than Mrs. Obama , 44 , the cousins grew up in bordering neighborhoods and saw each other at family celebrations .
“ I remember Michelle being very kind and loving , very considerate and a good person , ” Mr. Funnye said .
Rabbi Funnye has contributed to the campaign and mentions the Democratic presidential nominee in sermons before his congregation at Shalom B’nai Zaken Ethiopian Congregation , which has 200 members .
He is not , however , one of the 300 members of the newly formed group Rabbis for Obama ( though Ethan Tucker , stepson of Senator Joseph I. Lieberman , the independent Democrat from Connecticut now backing Senator John McCain , is . )
INL ( TGW ) - Researchers at the Idaho National Laboratory have developed a way to collect more light for power more efficiently : plastic sheets filled with billions of nanoantennas .
The antennas collect mid-infrared rays , which are not only emmited by the Sun , but also by the Earth .
The Earth emits these during the day and at night after absorbing energy from the sun .
The nanoantennas are tiny gold squares or spirals set in a specially treated form of polyethylene , a material used in plastic bags .
The gold antennas can harvest 92 % of the light .
The antennas are also promising cooling devices .
Since everything emits the mid-infrared rays , the nanoantennas could be kept in buildings for cooling purposes .
However , there are still serious problems .
" The infrared rays create alternating currents in the nanoantennas that oscillate trillions of times per second , requiring a component called a rectifier to convert the alternating current to direct current .
Today 's rectifiers can't handle such high frequencies , " the laboratory said in a press release .
Once an advanced enough rectifier is developed , solar ' skins ' could be developed that power everything from cars to iPods .
Via :: Press Release
Palin : The Iron - Fist Mayor ?
Created : September 01 , 2008 20:49 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
WASILLA , Alaska — Earlier today , First Lady Laura Bush urged us to remember Gov. Sarah Palin ’s record as mayor of her hometown from 1996 - 2002 when assessing her experience .
I agree .
Driving around this city today , I decided it looks more or less like a string of strip malls , 45 minutes northeast of Anchorage .
I could n’t help but think that being mayor of a place like this would be something akin to running a large neighborhood watch .
The main highway that runs through town is lined with new big - box stores , including a Target and a Wal - Mart .
A handful of fast - food chains as well as some local restaurants also sprinkle the main drag .
Breathtaking mountains , the peaks still lightly dusted with snow , create a striking backdrop .
Despite the chain stores , this small city feels distant from the rest of the world .
I ’d have guessed Palin would have run the city with a “ we ’re in this together ” theme .
It turns out she had a somewhat different approach .
If a small - town mayor ever ruled with an iron fist — it was Palin .
Eleven days after taking office in 1996 , she mailed letters to each of the city ’s top managers requesting that they resign as a test of loyalty .
The Anchorage Daily News at the time reported the strange events : ( via Nexis )
Mayor Sarah Palin sent the resignation requests Thursday to Police Chief Irl Stambaugh , public works director Jack Felton , finance director Duane Dvorak and Mary Ellen Emmons , the head of libraries .
A fifth director — John Cooper , who oversaw the city museum — resigned earlier this month after Palin eliminated his position .
Cooper initially resisted resigning , but to no avail .
Palin also later fired the police chief , saying she knew in her “ heart ” that he did not support her .
She left the head of libraries a letter saying she was out — though Palin later decided to spare the librarian after being convinced that she would tow the line .
The whole saga is unusual — considering Palin prides herself on being independent and seems to enjoy butting heads with her own party .
But , this sounds like she requires fierce loyalty of those who work for her .
I ’m still reporting on Palin ’s time as mayor .
More to come soon .
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2008 September 19
Companion of a Young , Sun-like Star
Credit : Gemini Observatory , D. Lafreniere , R. Jayawardhana , M. van Kerkwijk ( Univ. Toronto )
Explanation : Located just 500 light - years away toward the constellation Scorpius , this star is only slightly less massive and a little cooler than the Sun .
But it is much younger , a few million years old compared to the middle - aged Sun 's 5 billion years .
This sharp infrared image shows the young star has a likely companion positioned above and left - a hot planet with about 8 times the mass of Jupiter , orbiting a whopping 330 times the Earth - Sun distance from its parent star .
The young planetary companion is still hot and relatively bright in infrared light due to the heat generated during its formation by gravitational contraction .
In fact , such newborn planets are easier to detect before they age and cool , becoming much fainter .
Though over 300 extrasolar planets have been found using other techniques , this picture likely represents the first direct image of a planet belonging to a star similar to the Sun .
Michael , Meet Curtis : Philanthropy Gets Personal
This past weekend I had the opportunity to bring two ends of the American income spectrum together .
I introduced Michael , the blue - blood New Yorker who plans to start a family foundation ( see earlier posts ) , to Curtis , a squatter in Chicago who moves from one abandoned apartment to another .
Michael , a multi-millionaire with a team of professionals managing his assets , must donate $ 78 million over the next few years .
Curtis lives off $ 5,000 per year ; he rarely has more than a few dollars in his pocket .
Michael is white , Curtis is African - American .
For 48 hours , Michael observed Curtis and , just as important , Curtis tried to help Michael understand “ low income living . ”
First , some context :
Michael came to me frustrated .
He had just paid three consultants nearly $ 20,000 for advice on philanthropy .
Specifically , he wanted to learn as he gave his money away : could they engineer a program of professional development ?
The consultants ’ overall wealth management strategies utilized predictable business models , while their estate planning suggestions were cautious and conservative .
And , to my surprise and Michael ’s , their responses about personal growth were largely uninspiring .
A strange mix of entrepreneurial zeal and self - help filled three equally impressive , glossy documents .
Phrases like “ giving to yourself can be the greatest gift , ” “ charity is a windmill turning intent into action , ” and “ embrace the inner you ” ( neither Michael nor I could figure that one out ) saturated the pages — but little else about how to mature as a donor .
The common thread was that learning “ happens . ”
Instead , Michael decided to spend a year with me understanding poverty in urban America — I ’m not sure that ’s a much better choice ( ! ) — but he liked the experiences of other donors with whom I ’ve worked .
As in the past , I will not accept any money from Michael — only the freedom to write about our time together .
Our journey begins with Michael and Curtis sharing a weekend together in Chicago .
Each year I spend several continuous days with squatters to understand how they live on the streets .
In Chicago public housing , squatters survive because some housing authority managers to pay them under - the - table to clean and fix the place — instead of unionized janitors .
I learn a lot about the community by sleeping , eating , and otherwise hanging out with Curtis and his friends .
This time , Michael joined me .
At noon on Saturday I asked Michael and Curtis : “ With only $ 20 , how will you survive for the weekend — from now , until Monday morning ? ” ( Curtis and I agreed to exempt rent .
It was hard enough using $ 20 to meet food and personal needs — Michael would never figure out how to squat . )
Michael would n’t sleep at Curtis ’s place — he stayed at the Four Seasons , but to his credit , he hung out in Curtis ’s neighborhood .
By 5 p.m. Curtis had made his first two purchases : frozen chicken wings and a can of beans ( $ 4.75 ) ; a T - shirt and pair of socks from a vendor on the street ( $ 2.00 ) .
Meanwhile , Michael drove his rental car around the neighborhood .
When he returned to meet us he was exasperated .
“ The food here is awful !
No fruit , vegetables are moldy .
Only meat , canned food , and soda .
What do kids eat ?
The guy at the store told me no one would eat fruit unless it ’s in a can .
Is that true ? ”
Curtis shook his head .
I told Michael , “ When we get back to New York , I will talk with you about diet and quality of food availability in poor neighborhoods . ”
But Michael was growing upset .
“ All I see are liquor stores and dollar stores and fast food .
There was one guy who said he ’d buy my food stamps — 50 cents for a dollar in stamps ?
How can people live like this ? ”
Curtis laughed .
He asked Michael if he ’d like some chicken and beans .
Michael said , “ No thank you , ” and sat on the cold linoleum floor .
He was silent .
“ How much does a banana cost , ” Curtis asked Michael .
Michael looked embarrassed , unable to answer .
“ You do n’t know , do you ! ” Curtis laughed .
“ See fruit is expensive ; raw food is too much for low income people .
And we do n’t always have a fridge , so you got to keep things in cans .
That way it can move with you .
And one thing you need to know : low income people always are on the move — not just squatters , all low income folks . ”
Michael started to write on paper and looked at me , as if to ask for permission .
Curtis told him he could take notes freely .
When we met at the end of the evening , Michael bought two double cheeseburgers and a soda at McDonald ’s ( $ 3.50 ) .
Curtis had purchased “ a ten pack of Sanka ” ( instant coffee ) ( $ 2.00 ) , a lock ( $ 2.00 ) , and four loose menthol cigarettes ( $ 1.00 ) .
The subject of the conversation turned to personal needs .
Curtis made Michael some coffee and patted him on the back .
“ Do n’t be shy , ask me whatever you want . ”
Michael sipped the coffee and checked his notes under the dim kitchen light .
“ I saw a mother and child on the way over here .
They were walking into buildings with no windows , no doors .
Are they going to sleep there ?
Where do they bathe ?
What would it cost to build facilities for children ?
Are there soup kitchens around here ? ”
Curtis showed Michael a rag and cleaning brush .
“ See this , Michael ?
Keep this around , and you ’ll always have a meal or a place to sleep — or both . ”
Michael looked confused .
Curtis explained further .
“ People who got places to sleep will let you stay a night .
But you have to pay $ 10 .
And I do n’t have money , so I clean up , fix things .
That woman you saw — she probably will clean for a good night ’s sleep .
Maybe a store needs mopping , maybe your uncle needs his garage cleaned . ”
“ Why not stay at a shelter ? ” Michael asked .
“ Not enough of them around , ” Curtis replied .
“ And you have to be out by 6 a .m .
If you got kids , you ca n’t take them out in the cold .
So you stay in a store , or you stay in a vacant building .
And no more food kitchens since the projects went down .
Not a lot for poor people . ”
Curtis then took out a cigarette .
“ See this ?
Always have a loose cigarette .
You can always use a bathroom in somebody ’s house — maybe even get a shower — for one .
Maybe your kid took a dump in his pants .
Maybe you need some toilet tissue .
Always keep a cigarette for emergencies . ”
Curtis cooked another plate of chicken and beans .
He was about to eat it , but once again he offered it to Michael .
This time Michael accepted .
Michael looked overwhelmed ; his face was perspiring .
Curtis refilled his coffee and gave Michael one of his cigarettes to calm him down .
“ Not everyone lives like this , ” I said .
“ And do n’t feel bad for Curtis . ”
“ No ! ” Curtis exclaimed .
“ Do n’t pity me , ” he said , pouring some whiskey in Michael ’s coffee .
“ This will help you sleep tonight … ” Curtis lit a cigarette and leaned back on his busted plastic chair .
“ Just understand that you got to be creative .
Even if you got a home , you still got to pay rent — so you take in somebody now and then .
Maybe you let your friend stay in the house and they watch your kid , or clean up , or pay you … ” Curtis kept on talking .
Michael kept on eating .
Sunday was much of the same .
Michael struggled to finalize his budget , while Curtis escorted him around Chicago ’s Southside neighborhoods .
Curtis and I introduced Michael to friends who struggled like him to make ends meet .
Michael met Lena , a 45 - year - old woman with three children who works part - time at a fast - food restaurant .
She agreed to let Michael observe her strategies to put food on the table and keep her family together .
Michael offered to pay her a fee for a week of conversation .
Lena said , “ How about we exchange our paychecks for one month . ”
Michael turned bright red .
At the end of the day , Michael showed us his creative budget to survive on the Chicago streets for one weekend .
“ Buy $ 20 of Yahoo stock .
Hope for the best . ”
Curtis laughed and we tallied up his expenses for the same time period :
$ 4.75 chicken wings and canned beans
$ 2.00 shirt , pair of socks
$ 2.00 coffee
$ 1.00 four loose cigarettes
$ 2.50 polish sandwich and fries
$ 2.00 rat infestation powder
$ 2.00 lock
$ 2.75 medicine , band aids
TOTAL : $ 19.00 ( one dollar in savings )
Stay tuned .
[ digg-reddit-me ]
[ Photo by amypalko licensed under Creative Commons . ]
Tim Shipman , writing in the London Telegraph , reports on the intense foreign policy briefings being given to Sarah Palin .
The crowd assigned to brief her consists exclusively of neoconservatives – as was evident in the answers she gave in the Charlie Gibson interview on Russia , Israel , and national security .
Most especially was her thrice - repeated formulation about Israel ’s defense : “ We cannot second guess the steps that Israel has to take to defend itself . ”
She is being groomed to be a female George W. Bush – but even Bush has realist foreign policy voices around him – from Condoleeza Rice to Colin Powell .
As one former White House official working at the American Enterprise Institute put it : “ She ’s a blank page . ”
Think of that – “ A blank page . ”
They see her as the vessel which will give them influence and will keep them in power .
They see her as the best agent to sell their ideas , to accomplish their goals .
“ She ’s a blank page . ”
Lest it be called sexism , let ’s remember that George W. Bush was a blank page as well – one that neoconservatives filled with their ideas as well .
And let ’s remember that even the Bush administration has turned away from the neoconservative project in the past few years , embracing a more pragmatic approach to foreign policy .
And understanding that Sarah Palin has become a political figure in her own right , in many ways , more influential than John McCain , and certainly someone who is seen as the Future of the Republican party .
This is an individual who , when asked about the surge explained that she was n’t really paying attention to such things .
She was thrust into the spotlight having formed few opinions of the world , having thought about foreign policy very little , and being ill - informed .
Those who directed our disasterous foreign policy see her as a fresh face who can sell their ideas – and as someone who has not studied the matters herself needs a tutor : “ She ’s a blank page . ”
For a writer , there is great possibility in a blank page .
As we all look to Sarah Palin – with her combative but warm personality ; her shameless ability to sell her lines , to make them her own ( like an actress or a car salesman ) ; her unique cultural blend of femininity and feminism – we project onto her our dreams and fears , and it takes quite a lot to dislodge these dreams or fears once they have settled in .
This is the essence of politics .
It is the core of McCain strength .
It is the core of the sense of possibility around Palin .
It was what led voters to choose Clinton over Dole , Bush over Gore , and Bush over Kerry .
Each side sought to shape the projection of the other , but the essential decision as to who would win was made in a blink .
Stubborn facts only gradually affect our projections – as we can see in Bush ’s gradual decline in popularity .
But William Kristol , Randy Scheunemann , and other neoconservatives have the opportunity to fill in this blank page with their own dreams and fears – to make their projections reality .
“ She ’s a blank page , ” they say , which must terrify the rest of us .
Related articles
Like Loading ...
cryptogon.com news – analysis – conspiracies
August 23rd , 2008
UPDATE : Make that $ 50 Billion
HAHA .
The free market !
The American Soviet Ministry of Automobiles is “ free ” to double its request for public handouts from $ 25 billion to $ 50 billion .
Via : Reuters :
The Big 3 Detroit - based automakers are seeking about $ 25 billion in federal loans as they struggle to ride out a steep downturn in U.S. auto sales , The Wall Street Journal reported on Friday .
Lobbyists for the U.S. automakers — General Motors Corp , Ford Motor Co and Chrysler LLC — briefed White House officials , as well as U.S. Rep. John Dingell and other Michigan Democrats , on a possible bailout and plan to unveil the proposal after Labor Day , according to the report .
The plan is for the government to lend some $ 25 billion to the automakers in the first year at an interest rate of 4.5 percent , or about one - third what the companies are currently paying to borrow , the report said .
Under the proposal , the government would have the option of deferring any payment at all for up to five years , the article said .
Representatives at GM , Ford and Chrysler were not immediately available for comment .
Posted in Economy Top Of Page
The Palins said that Bristol , who was named for Bristol Bay , the salmon fishery , would marry a man they identified only as Levi , later confirmed to be Levi Johnston , a Wasilla resident .
“ Bristol and the young man she will marry are going to realize very quickly the difficulties of raising a child , which is why they will have the love and support of our entire family , ” the statement said .
The Palins ’ statement arrived after a flurry of rumors had made their way through the Internet over the weekend , growing and blooming , it seemed , by the minute .
Some claimed that Ms. Palin had not actually given birth to Trig , but that Bristol had , and that the family had covered it up .
Various
Web sites posted photographs of Ms. Palin in the months leading up to his birth this year , and debated whether her physique might have been too trim for her stage of pregnancy .
The McCain campaign said Ms. Palin announced Bristol ’s pregnancy to stop the swirl of rumors .
Ms. Palin ’s own pregnancy took Alaska by surprise this year .
Even those who worked for her in the governor ’s office said they were surprised .
Her announcement , in March , was reported in The Anchorage Daily News , which noted at the time that Ms. Palin “ simply does n’t look pregnant . ”
Friends said that Ms. Palin , a conservative Protestant and a member since 2006 of Feminists for Life , an anti-abortion group , knew when she was pregnant with Trig ( said to be a Norse name for strength ) that he had Down syndrome  a fact that has , in some ways , sealed Ms. Palin ’s support among anti-abortion advocates and others .
“ The governor sent a personal letter out to her friends and let us all know she was pregnant and that Trig would be a special baby in many ways , ” said Kristan Cole , one of Ms. Palin ’s closest friends in Wasilla , the town where Ms. Palin had served as mayor .
In 2002 , when Ms. Palin was completing her second and final term as mayor , her husband ’s stepmother , Faye Palin , began campaigning to succeed her .
Faye Palin , though , favored abortion rights , people who recalled the race said , and Ms. Palin sided instead with Dianne M. Keller , a City Council member who won the race and remains mayor there today .
Install Elasticfox
Install the Elasticfox Firefox Extension for Amazon EC2 : http://developer.amazonwebservices.com/connect/entry.jspa?externalID=609
Set up Amazon EC2 accounts and Elasticfox
Follow Arope 's instructions for setting up Amazon EC2 accounts and Elasticfox .
I used the alestic / ubuntu-8.04 - hardy - base-20080628.manifest.xml machine image .
view standard apache page
In Elasticfox , right - click on your running instance and select " Copy Public DNS Name to clipboard " .
Then , paste that address in your browser .
You should see Apache 's " It works ! " page .
ssh into instance
In Elasticfox , right - click on your running instance and select " SSH to Public Domain Name "
install stuff
Ubuntu Hardy has the following versions :
Apache 2.2.8
Mod_python 3.3.1
MySql 5.0.51
Django 0.96.1
On your remote instance , do the following .
# apt - get update # apt - get install python - django # apt - get install mysql - server # apt - get install python - mysqldb # apt - get install libapache2 - mod - python
Update 2008-09 -09 : The Django mod_python documentation recommends using Apache 's prefork MPM as opposed to the worker MPM .
The worker MPM was installed by default on my Alestic Ubuntu image so I uninstalled it and replaced it with the prefork version .
# apt - get autoremove -- purge apache2 - mpm - worker # apt - get install apache2 - mpm- prefork
To see your current version of Apache , run the command : apache2 -V
create a django project
# cd / srv # django - admin startproject mysite
configure django mod_python
See also Jeff Baier 's article : Installing Django on an Ubuntu Linux Server for more information .
Edit /etc / apache2/httpd.conf and insert the following :
< location " / " > SetHandler python- program PythonHandler django.core.handlers.modpython SetEnv DJANGO_SETTINGS_MODULE mysite.settings PythonPath " [ ' / srv ' ] + sys.path " PythonDebug On </location >
restart the apache server
# /etc/init.d/apache2 restart
You should see Django 's " It Worked ! " page .
Set up a MySql database and user
Note , use the password you entered when installing MySql
# mysql -u root -p
Enter password : mysql > CREATE DATABASE django_db ; Query OK , 1 row affected ( 0.01 sec ) mysql > GRANT ALL ON django_db .* TO ' djangouser'@' localhost '
IDENTIFIED BY ' yourpassword ' ; Query OK , 0 rows affected ( 0.03 sec ) mysql > quit Bye
Edit the Django database settings
mysite/settings.py
DATABASE_ENGINE = ' mysql ' # ' postgresql_psycopg2 ' , ' postgresql ' , ' mysql ' , ' sqlite3 ' or ' ado_mssql ' .
DATABASE_NAME = ' django_db ' #
Or path to database file if using sqlite3 .
DATABASE_USER = ' djangouser ' #
Not used with sqlite3 .
DATABASE_PASSWORD = ' yourpassword ' #
Not used with sqlite3 .
DATABASE_HOST = '' #
Set to empty string for localhost .
Not used with sqlite3 .
DATABASE_PORT = '' #
Set to empty string for default .
Not used with sqlite3 .
Do a ' syncdb ' to create the database tables
# cd mysite # python manage .py syncdb Creating table auth_message Creating table auth_group Creating table auth_user Creating table auth_permission Creating table django_content_type Creating table django_session Creating table django_site
You just installed Django 's auth system , which means you do n't have any superusers defined .
Would you like to create one now ?
( yes / no ) : yes Username ( Leave blank to use ' sofeng ' ) : E-mail address : sofeng@email.com
Password : Password ( again ) : Superuser created successfully .
Installing index for auth .
Message model Installing index for auth .
Permission model Loading ' initial_data ' fixtures ...
No fixtures found .
upload a mercurial django project
Edit
on the remote instance , install mercurial :
# apt - get install mercurial
on your local machine with the mercurial repo , run :
$ hg clone -e ' ssh - i /home / sofeng/.ec2-elasticfox/id_django-keypair.pem ' yourproj ssh://root@yourdns.compute-1.amazonaws.com //srv/yourproj
/home/sofeng/.ec2-elasticfox/id_django-keypair.pem
yourdns.compute-1.amazonaws.com
whereis the private key associated with your instance andis the public domain name associated with your instance .
back on the remote instance :
# cd /srv/mozblog # hg update
# python manage .py syncdb
set up apache to serve static files
Create a link to the media files : # cd /var / www # ln -s /srv/mozblog/media site_media # ln -s /usr / share / python-support/ python-django/django/contrib/admin/media/ admin_media
Edit /etc/apache2/httpd.conf : < location " / " > SetHandler python- program PythonHandler django.core.handlers.modpython SetEnv DJANGO_SETTINGS_MODULE mozblog.settings PythonPath " [ ' / srv ' ] + sys.path " PythonDebug On </location > < location " / site_media " > SetHandler None </location > < location " / admin_media " >
SetHandler None </location >
Restart the apache server
# /etc/init.d/apache2 restart
Let 's go back and review the Keating Five scandal one more time .
( By the way , this is material that I 'd been working for a much , much longer piece on John McCain that just is n't coming together well as one long series .
But do n't worry , all the pieces will eventually get used . )
Not long after John McCain 's friends Barry Goldwater and Ross Perot got him his brand - new job as a US Representative ( not yet Senator ) , one of the first people in Arizona politics John McCain made friends with was a Republican activist , and in particular a nationally famous anti-pornography crusader , named Charles Keating .
Keating 's " day job " was as the head of a chain of Arizona banks , Lincoln Federal Savings and Loan .
This was not a great line of work to be in , in the early 1980s ; for a variety of reasons that are themselves interesting , but complicated and not relevant to this article , just about every federally chartered Savings and Loan in the United States was in danger of bankruptcy at the same time .
What makes Charles Keating an interesting part of John McCain 's story , though , is not how the bank got into trouble , but what Keating did to try to get his business back out of trouble : tell his bank 's investment counselors and salesmen to go out and specifically scam retirees , church pension funds , anybody who'd trust Charles Keating so much ( because of his sterling Christian reputation as an anti-pornography crusader ) that they would n't read the fine print on the papers they signed , into signing over their life 's savings in exchange for basically worthless paper .
And Keating had a plan as to how he was going to get away with it , too .
He spread about a million dollars or so worth of bribes across Arizona 's entire congressional delegation , plus several other congressmen in important oversight positions , with the understanding that the congressmen would put pressure on the federal prosecutors and on the Office of Thrift Supervision to tell them to call off any investigation of Lincoln Savings and Loan .
McCain 's share was about $ 112,000 .
But the bribes did n't save Keating from going to jail for it , and the next several years were not good to the famous " Keating Five " who took those bribes and who , every one of them including McCain , had their staff members make the phone calls and write the letters to tell the feds to back off .
Four of the five of them lost their careers over this .
McCain got away with it , and I 'll tell you why .
When they feds showed up in his office , offended over his " back off " orders , and showed him the evidence they had on Keating , he was aghast -- and , importantly , surprised .
All five of the Keating Five swore up and down that they thought Keating 's money was perfectly legal campaign contributions with noand the only one who was believed was John McCain , because when prosecutors and the ethics committee looked into it , it became clear that itto McCain that those were
And coming under investigation for bribery shook John McCain to the very core of his being , because there 's only one thing that 's as important to John McCain as his constant need to have a super - model on his arm , gazing adoringly up at him , and that 's his reputation .
If you know the full history of McCain 's military service , you can see clearly that he is far , far more concerned about his reputation than he is even about his country .
And thus , it brought his whole world crashing down to realize that to people who did n't know him well enough to know that he really was too dumb to recognize a bribe when he was handed one , it would look like John McCain put his office up for sale .
And it's what John McCain did about that that cemented his place in history , to date .
He put himself way , way out in front on every ethics issue to pass through Congress from then on : budget reform , campaign finance reform , ethics reform , lobbying reform , you name it .
Ironically , he did n't change his own behavior so very much .
Going all the way back to Annapolis , where his disciplinary record was so awful that he really should n't have graduated at all , John McCain has never believed that the rules applied to him , personally , because " everybody should know " that he 's " honest , " no matter how things look .
John McCain 's late 1980s , and all through the 1990s , campaign for ethical reform in Congress was first and foremost and always about repairing his personal reputation , and only secondarily about repairing Congress 's reputation , and only distantly after that about actually cleaning up any actual or perceived scandals in Washington .
But for two very large , and very important constituencies in American politics , that was enough !
Three , really .
For two , it was enough to make him a hero for life ; for the third , an enemy for life .
See , here 's the thing .
Going all the way back to the first " muck - raker " journalists of the late 19th century , there has always been a solid corps among the reporters who cover politics , maybe even a majority of them , who only care about one issue , and that 's government corruption .
In the wake of Prohibition , the muck - rakers got their own caucus within the Democratic Party , the Reform Democrats who lead the charge to de-mafia-ize America 's largest cities , and to this day , the Reform Democrats are still a substantial percent of the activists and leaders in the volunteer base of the Democratic Party .
As the Republicans gained in power , they acquired their own matching caucus , the Reform Republicans , and what the Reform Democrats and the Reform Democrats agree on , and work together on , is one core belief : that it does n't matter nearly so much what a government 's principles are , what its plans are , or even what its laws are , so much as it matters that government employees are as competent as possible and the politicians who supervise them are completely honest .
Ideologues in both parties , who think that yes , principlesmatter , hold Reformers in absolute , total , and naked contempt .
They do n't even call them Reformers , they think that conveys too much legitimacy on what seems to them to be an idiotic and naïve political ideal .
The rest of both parties coined their own dismissive , childish nickname for the Reform Democrats , Reform Republicans , and muck - raking journalists : they call them ( us ) the Goo Goos , a diminutive of " good government . "
And from the late 1980s through the late 1990s , everybody in Washington agreed that the biggest , loudest , and ugliest of the Goo - Goos was John McCain .
Or at most , the 2nd or 3rd biggest .
But still , way up there .
( That third political constituency after the Reform Democrats and the Reform Republicans ?
That 'd be the Country - Club Republicans , who hate the Goo - Goos with the fiery passion of a thousand exploding suns .
To a Country - Club Republican , bribery is the only tool that the wealthy and powerful businessmen and investors who , they think , are the only people in the country who know how things should really be run , have to outweigh the mere votes and opinions of the ignorant poor and middle class .
As I assume you can guess , that constituency really , really hates John McCain , and that 's why they were pushing so hard for the only ex-CEO in the race , one of their own , Mitt Romney . )
And here 's the part that 's really relevant to this weekend 's news , and to the week to come .
John McCain remembers those days fondly asYes , Sarah Palin is a woman , and I 'm sure that some idiot somewhere in the Republican Party mistakenly thinks that the PUMAs will be delighted to see a younger , prettier , blatantly unqualified girl be offered the job that they think that their comfortably middle aged dues - paying standard bearer was robbed of .
( According to the early polling , uh , not so much .
Unsurprisingly . )
And yes , she 's an ex-beauty - queen , and still young enough to be pretty to John McCain , and that makes her an acceptable choice to him .
But Sarah Palin has one other qualification that must have jumped right off of the page at McCain : quite possibly the only Reform Republican governor .
If you look over her political biography , Sarah Palin has run for office , from her very first run for hick - town city government , on one and only one platform .
Yes , she 's taken positions on other issues , from guns to abortion to creationism to the famous Bridge to Nowhere .
( And , as has been observed elsewhere , she 's already taken both sides of that issue . )
But those are n't the issues that motivate her .
The issue that motivates her , clearly , is anti-corruption .
And just as it made John McCain a media darling in the 90s , it made her a political darling of the Alaska state media in the 2000s .
( And just as with McCain , it looks like she 's not as clean as she says , either .
But trust me , reporters are just as hypocritical as anybody else with a religious faith ; it is far more important to a muck - raking journalist that a politician denounce corruption than it is that they give it up , themselves .
)
So here 's my tentative prediction .
John McCain is giving up the " experience " meme as a long - term loser ; the last of the ads touting his " experience " and attacking Obama as " not ready " will stop as soon as the current media buy runs out .
They have to ; Palin 's even younger , and far less experienced , than Obama , so he can't get away with that any more .
And , frankly , if you look at the polling data at FiveThirty Eight.com , you can see that it has n't exactly been working for them , anyway .
No , I think what you 're going to hear at the Republican Convention , and hear a lot , is a lot of talk about John McCain the Reformer .
I think McCain 's willing to risk hearing the name Charles Keating however often it takes , as long as it gives him and his surrogates opportunities to say " Tony Rezko " over and over again .
This is n't doom for the Obama campaign ; Obama 's got his own ethics reform legislative chops that he can point to , especially in state government , and he has his own native constituency in land of journalism , the " reality based community " who love him for his commitment to intellectualism and evidence - based reasoning .
But I think that the real reason that John McCain gambled his career on Sarah Palin is that he plausibly hopes that updating his Goo - Goo credentials will make the muck - rakers in the newsrooms all over the country fall in love with him again , will remember why they ( we ) loved him in the first place , before he went psycho after 9/11 and before the mental deterioration became impossible to ignore .
He wants us to forget the last couple of years , especially , and come back to him .
I do n't think it 'll work .
FiveThirtyEight.com does n't think it will work , and I trust their methodology more than any other I 've seen .
But I 'll say this for him : it may look stupid , but it 's probably the smartest thing he 's done this whole campaign .
Creative suggestions originate from innovative people .
This does not always mean that individuals know what to do with their creative ideas .
Not everyone knows the ideal actions or has the right devices offered to take their product from concept to success story .
However , when you take advantage of coworking space Singapore , you can place the odds a little bit a lot more in your support .
It might be the secret to making your success story a true reality .
Do you assume you have an excellent idea and you intend to share it with the world ?
A coworking space Singapore by www.citicommercial.com.sg is where you need to go .
These locations permit you to determine what you are going to do with the ideas that you have in your mind .
These coworking teams are made to encourage you to do all that you can do .
They are created by people who wish to work in an open environment so that they can share their ideas and get responses on it .
Why not benefit from it to ensure that you could perhaps create a new best - selling product ?
Workstations are a distant memory .
They do not belong in today ’s world where technology as well as communication are the keys to success .
You can not do well without an assisting hand because there are so many individuals trying to invent as well as surpass items that might be of use .
By utilizing a coworking space , you are freeing yourself to the brand - new way of doing things .
You can socialize as well as contrast concepts .
You can function alone on jobs that you require to think of .
Everything you might ever need will be within easy reach .
All you have to do is decide that it is time to take control as well as discover all that you are capable of .
Exactly how would it make you really feel to recognize that you had the ability to check out every one of the possibilities that are offered to you ?
To know that you have the ability to function together with other imaginative minds and pick up from things that they have already done ?
That is what a coworking office space is all about .
It is cooperation at its ideal and from that , the only feasible results are mosting likely to declare .
Your creativity is not something that you ought to throw away .
Not when it is producing ideas that might become a wonderful organisation venture for you .
You merely need to find a coworking space Singapore .
The rest is mosting likely to be simple because whatever you need to get a head start will certainly be right there as well as waiting on you .
People will certainly aid you .
Will you find others that will support your suggestions ?
Yes .
You will definitely find individuals willing to help you via every action of obtaining your item around .
What do you need to do or use to bring your project to life ?
There is high - speed net offered at a coworking room Singapore .
There are additionally typical workdesks as well as tables .
There are spaces that permit you to mingle with others and independently talk about ideas .
There are boardroom and also solo workspace .
In this type of workplace , you have whatever you require to maintain your creative mind functioning well .
Why not see what your imagination can create when you have everything within simple reach ?
Exactly how would certainly you enjoy a work environment that can train you on all of the various methods to obtain your suggestion out right into the globe on the competitive market ?
What regarding having a team of colleagues there to assist you make your fictional item something that makes the world thinking about what you are working on ?
That is feasible with a coworking room Singapore
You will certainly be able to work in a quiet location without disturbances and after that get help or devices that you require when you await it .
If you remain in a setting where you feel that you do not have adequate expertise , you can enroll .
These training courses have the ability to take your mind and your creative thinking to a new degree .
They are not offered to many people .
You have to belong of the coworking room Singapore .
If you are not a part of the coworking team , you can still visit among the several coworking groups to figure out where you may fit in .
View of Hurricane Ike From Space Station
ISS017 -E-015752 ( 10 Sept. 2008 ) ---
This picture of Hurricane Ike from earlier today was downlinked by the crew of the International Space Station , flying 220 statute miles above Earth .
The center of the hurricane was near 23.8 degrees north latitude and 85.3 degrees west longitude , moving 300 degrees at 7 nautical miles per hour .
The sustained winds were 80 nautical miles per hour with gusts to 100 nautical miles per hour and forecast to intensify .
Photo Credit : NASAISS017 -E-015751 ( 10 Sept. 2008 ) ---
This picture of Hurricane Ike from earlier today was downlinked by the crew of the International Space Station , flying 220 statute miles above Earth .
The center of the hurricane was near 23.8 degrees north latitude and 85.3 degrees west longitude , moving 300 degrees at 7 nautical miles per hour .
The sustained winds were 80 nautical miles per hour with gusts to 100 nautical miles per hour and forecast to intensify .
Photo Credit : NASAISS017 -E-015703 ( 9 Sept. 2008 ) --- Hurricane
Ike covers more than half of Cuba in this image , photographed by the crew of ISS - 17 aboard the International Space Station from a vantage point of 220 statute miles above Earth .
The center of Ike was near 22.4 degrees north latitude and 82.4 degrees west longitude and moving 290 degrees at 11.7 miles per hour .
Sustained winds were at 80.6 miles per hour , with gusts to 97.9 miles per hour and were forcast to strengthen as the eye moved back over the warm water in the gulf of Mexico .
Photo Credit : NASAISS017-E-015708 ( 9 Sept. 2008 ) ---
Hurricane
Ike covers more than half of Cuba in this image , photographed by the crew of ISS - 17 aboard the International Space Station from a vantage point of 220 statute miles above Earth .
The center of Ike was near 22.4 degrees north latitude and 82.4 degrees west longitude and moving 290 degrees at 11.7 miles per hour .
Sustained winds were at 80.6 miles per hour , with gusts to 97.9 miles per hour and were forecast to strengthen as the eye moved back over the warm water in the gulf of Mexico .
Photo Credit : NASAISS017 -E-015718 ( 9 Sept. 2008 ) ---
Hurricane
Ike covers more than half of Cuba in this image , photographed by the crew of ISS - 17 aboard the International Space Station from a vantage point of 220 statute miles above Earth .
The center of Ike was near 22.4 degrees north latitude and 82.4 degrees west longitude and moving 290 degrees at 11.7 miles per hour .
Sustained winds were at 80.6 miles per hour , with gusts to 97.9 miles per hour and were forecast to strengthen as the eye moved back over the warm water in the gulf of Mexico .
Photo Credit : NASAISS017 -E-015732 ( 9 Sept. 2008 ) ---
Hurricane
Ike covers more than half of Cuba in this image , photographed by the crew of ISS - 17 aboard the International Space Station from a vantage point of 220 statute miles above Earth .
The center of Ike was near 22 .
4 degrees north latitude and 82.4 degrees west longitude and moving 290 degrees at 11.7 miles per hour .
Sustained winds were at 80.6 miles per hour , with gusts to 97.9 miles per hour and were forecast to strengthen as the eye moved back over the warm water in the gulf of Mexico .
Photo Credit : NASAISS017 -E-015361 ( 5 Sept. 2008 ) ---
When this image was taken of Hurricane Ike from the International Space Station 's vantage point of 220 statute miles above Earth on Sept. 5 , the eye of was centered at 23.3 degrees north latitude and 62.0 degrees west longitude and moving 260 degrees at 17.2 miles per hour .
The winds were sustained at 121 miles per hour with gusts to 149.8 miles per hour .
The hurricane had not yet passed over Cuba and entered the Gulf of Mexico when this photo was taken .
Photo Credit : NASA
MCCAIN TAPS LOBBYIST FOR TRANSITION ….
This is interesting for a couple of reasons .
A prominent Washington lobbyist who has worked for every Republican President since Richard Nixon has been tapped by the McCain campaign to conduct a study in preparation for the presidential transition should John McCain win the election , according to sources familiar with the process .
William E. Timmons Sr. is a Washington institution , having worked in the Nixon and Ford administrations as an aide for congressional relations and having assisted the transition teams of both Ronald Reagan in 1980 and George W. Bush in 2000 … .
Timmons is the chairman emeritus of Timmons and Company , a small but influential lobbying firm he founded in 1975 shortly after leaving the White House .
According to Senate records , he registered to lobby in 2008 for a wide range of companies and trade groups , including the American Petroleum Institute , the American Medical Association , Chrysler , Freddie Mac , Visa USA and Anheuser - Busch .
His registrations include work on a number of issues that have become flashpoints in the presidential campaign .
He has registered to work on bills that deal with the regulations of troubled mortgage lenders Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae , a bill to provide farm subsidies and bills that regulate domestic oil - drilling .
First , it seems that whenever McCain needs someone for a key public responsibility , he turns to a powerful corporate lobbyist with controversial clients .
Remember all of McCain ’s rhetoric about standing up to the lobbyists ?
Neither do I .
And second , when the Obama campaign recently put together its own transition team — a standard procedure for presidential candidates from both parties for decades —
Republicans went berserk .
The McCain campaign accused Obama of “ already dancing in the end zone with a new White House transition team . ”
Fox News reported that organizing a transition team before an election has “ never been done before . ”
They were , of course , lying , and now McCain is doing precisely what he criticized Obama for doing .
Shameless .
Unfortunately , Twitter have changed their API
Due to a series of changes in Twitter 's API specification that have been rolled out , sites like monitter will no longer work in their current form .
Despite building the Twitter ecosystem using 3rd party developers and their innovations to fuel growth , Twitter have spent recent years steadily forcing 3rd party solutions out of the market .
Monitter is no exception here .
Since monitter is an unpaid side project , it has been left wanting for the necessary upgrades required to continue operating .
We ARE still working on our new version , however we 've been unable to get it ready in time for the Twitter API sunset .
We 're sorry for the inconvenience :(
Get in touch : @monitter - tell us you love us and we might be inclined to get it moving faster !
Though the Large Hadron Collider 's infiltration by hackers did not disrupt the historic project , experts warn that its computer systems are vulnerable – though at least their exploitation wo n't destroy Earth .
Shortly after physicists activated the Collider on Wednesday , hackers identifying themselves as Group 2600 of the Greek Security Team accessed computers connected to the Compact Muon Solenoid detector , one of four key subsystems responsible for monitoring the collisions of protons speeding around the 18 - mile track near Geneva , Switzerland .
A few scientists had worried that the experiment could inadvertently create a planet - swallowing black hole .
Physicists called this impossible , or at least extraordinarily unlikely .
But the hack raises a different sort of worst - case scenario : the largest and most complicated science experiment in history , intended to reveal basic information about the composition of matter , derailed by malevolent intruders .
" The LHC experiments have very complex computer systems for data recording and analysis and even more sensitive systems for experiment control , trigger and data acquisition , " said MIT physicist and Collider collaborator Frank Taylor .
" You could imagine that penetrating the ' real time domain ' could have catastrophic consequences . "
The hackers were stopped before they could access the Collider 's central computer system , but were described by the *Telegraph * as being " one step away " from full control of the CMS .
They deleted one as - yet publicly unidentified file – the hacker equivalent , perhaps , of counting coup .
" We 're pulling your pants down because we do n't want to see you running around naked looking to hide yourselves when the panic comes , " wrote the intruders in a note left on the Collider 's website .
" There seems to be no harm done .
From what [ the computer security team ] can tell , it was someone making the point that CMS was hackable , " said James Gillies , spokesman for Cern , to the * Telegraph .
*
Computer security at the Collider has received less attention than other aspects of the historic experiment , but insiders have previously expressed concern .
In November , an article in the computer affairs newsletter of CERN – the European Organization for Nuclear Research , home to the Collider – warned of potential security breaches .
" Vulnerability scans at CERN using standard IT tools have shown that commercial automation systems often lack even fundamental security precautions : some systems crashed during the scan , while others could easily be stopped or have their process data altered , " wrote CERN computer security officer Stefan Luders .
The consequences of a breach , wrote Luders , " are inherent to the design of CERN 's accelerators and the affiliated experiments .
All run a variety of control systems : some of them are complex , some of them deal with personnel safety , and some of them control or protect expensive or irreplaceable equipment .
Thus , CERN 's assets and their proper operation are at stake . "
But those worried by hacker - unleashed black holes and Big Bang energies can rest easy .
" The LHC is just a bunch of magnets that steer the proton beams plus radio frequency cavities to accelerate them , " said Northeastern University physicist Stephen Reucroft .
" The amount of energy involved is miniscule .
Similarly , the CMS is a magnet with a lot of sensors operating under a variety of voltages .
Not much damage could be done there by diddling with the computer . "
Of course , damage is relative when discussing the controls of a six billion dollar experiment .
" Hacking is a bad thing , " said Lee Smolin , a professor at the Perimeter Institute for Theoretical Physics who is not involved with the Collider .
" It can damage the work of thousands of people who have been working for decades to advance science . "
Images :
The endcap of the Compact Muon Solenoid Detector , from WikiMedia Commons ; a screenshot of the CMS website ( now unavailable ) after the hack ; and researchers standing inside the CMS , courtesy of the Insitute for Research on the Fundamentals of the Universe .
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and Del.icio.us feed ; Wired Science on Facebook .
The association between darkness and depression is well established .
Now a March 25 study in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences reveals for the first time the profound changes that light deprivation causes in the brain .
Neuroscientists at the University of Pennsylvania kept rats in the dark for six weeks .
The animals not only exhibited depressive behavior but also suffered damage in brain regions known to be underactive in humans during depression .
The researchers observed neurons that produce norepi­nephrine , dopamine and serotonin — common neurotransmitters involved in emotion , pleasure and cognition — in the process of dying .
This neuronal death , which was accompanied in some areas by compromised synaptic connections , may be the mechanism underlying the darkness - related blues of seasonal affective disorder .
Principal investigator Gary Aston - Jones , now at the Medical University of South Carolina , speculates that the dark - induced effects stem from a disruption of the body ’s clock .
“ When the circadian system is not receiving normal light , that in turn might lead to changes in brain systems that regulate mood , ” he says .
Treating the rats with an antidepressant significantly ameliorated brain damage and depressive behaviors .
“ Our study provides a new animal system for antidepressant devel­opment .
Many existing animal models depend on stress .
Our model is a stress - free means of producing a depression .
It might be parti­cularly relevant to seasonal affective disorder , but we think that it is relevant to depression overall , ” Aston - Jones says .
Editor 's Note :
This story was originally printed with the title " Down in the Dark "
By Jane Elliott
Health reporter , BBC News
Alexander was the first person born deaf to be taught to speak
Who first taught a boy born deaf to speak ?
The chance discovery of an antique notebook could have solved the 350 - year - old British scientific mystery .
Alexander Popham was born deaf in around 1650 but his mother , determined to communicate with her son , hired two eminent scientists , John Wallis and William Holder , to teach him to speak .
Both claimed success in what became a celebrated scientific controversy .
Exciting discovery
The story was lent additional interest because the boy was the grandson of the notorious Judge Popham , who sentenced both Mary Queen of Scots and Guy Fawkes to death .
Now a yellowing , leather - bound notebook , found in a butler 's cupboard in Littlecote House , Berkshire , a former home of the Pophams , appears to some experts to indicate that the methods of Mr Wallis were the key .
He was a renowned mathematician , deciphered enemy codes for Cromwell during the English Civil War and was also an expert linguist .
Up until now we have not been in a position to assess the validity of either claim
Philip Beeley Philip Beeley , researcher in the faculty of linguistics and philology at the University of Oxford , and a world expert on John Wallis , said he had been fascinated by the book , which shows how Mr Wallis taught his charge .
" William Holder claimed to have been successful , but when you go into the method that he used , it was quite outlandish .
The diagrams in the notebook show how to position the tongue " He investigated the structure of the ear and worked on the hypothesis that the problem was the ear drum itself that had become relaxed .
" He felt that only when it was tight could it facilitate hearing and he set about an experiment beating a loud drum .
" Holder found that when he beat a loud drum near Alexander , he could hear other sounds , including people calling his name .
" He convinced a lot of people that he was successful . " ' Evidence '
When Mr Holder was called away to take up another post , Mr Wallis took over .
" We have not known an awful lot about the approach John Wallis took , " said Mr Beeley .
" All we do know is that he wrote a little bit about it and later on it became the topic of a grand dispute within the Royal Society , with claim and counter - claim .
" Up until now we have not been in a position to assess the validity of either claim .
Alexander was taught sentences " This find is potentially able to do this for us . "
Mr Wallis 's approach was to start by looking at how the tongue , palate and lips looked when certain vowel sounds were made .
He drew diagrams and used them to show Alexander how to form sounds .
From there , Mr Wallis used the same method to help him form words .
Mr Beeley said : " He starts out with a modern technique showing him how to produce sounds , and then he moves on from that to basic language constructions , with nouns and conjunctions .
" Having looked at the notebook , I am fairly sure this is a book that would have been on the desk while John Wallis and Alexander Popham were sitting together .
" We have evidence from his descendants that this instruction was successful .
" It helps solve one of the grand disputes of the Royal Society , and is quite unique . "
' Strong stuff '
Sentences learnt by Alexander and detailed in the notebook include " I have a knife in my hand " and " I have mony ( sic ) in my pocket " as well as " I have a hat , on my head " and " I have a band about my neck " .
Dr Beeley said he had no doubts that the notebook was genuine .
" I have to admit that before I had the notebook in my hands I had my doubts , " he said .
" There have of course been occasions when people have been deceived , but I was very happy to see the notebook .
It is about applying scientific method and whether you think Wallis was first or Holden was first does n't really matter
Keith Moore
Royal Society
" And now I have no doubt .
I know John Wallis 's hand and style and can say without any doubt that I am certain it is genuine . "
Keith Moore , head of library and archives at the Royal Society , said the notebook was a fantastic find .
" It adds historical detail and any manuscript of this period is interesting , " he said .
" This is dated 1662 and right at the beginning of what we would call modern science .
" The Royal Society was founded in 1660 and this is an early example of the practical applications of scientific methods . "
But he said it was unlikely to settle the dispute about who taught Alexander to speak , adding that the most important detail was the science itself .
" Holden virtually accused Wallis of stealing his ideas and that smacks of plagiarism in science .
It is pretty strong stuff , " he said .
" It does not matter whether it solves it - the Popham case was the beginning of a more scientific approach to therapy .
" They were thinking about language and grammar , about the physiology of how people spoke and that is the important thing really .
" It is about applying scientific method and whether you think Wallis was first or Holden was first does n't really matter . "
Dr Beeley hopes that the book is stored in a library like the Bodleian , but the hotel chain , Warner Leisure , which now owns Littlecote , is deciding whether to keep it on display in the house .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
ANCHORAGE ( AP )  Hundreds of people protesting the policies of Republican vice presidential candidate and Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin lined a busy street on Saturday , waving signs and chanting " Obama ! "
The protest came about two hours after Palin delivered a rousing speech at Anchorage 's new convention center before leaving the state to return to the campaign trail .
Palin was named John McCain 's running mate on Aug. 29 .
This was her first return since then to her home state .
The protesters , including supporters of presidential candidate Barack Obama and those who do n't agree with Palin 's positions on abortion , polar bears , Iraq and other issues , lined one side of the street near Anchorage 's main library building .
A much smaller number of mostly pro-Palin supporters were on the other side of the street , chanting " Sarah ! Sarah ! "
Police were at the scene , but there were no immediate reports of clashes .
Angie Doroff , 46 , helped organize the rally .
The wildlife biologist , yoga teacher and artist said she was pleased and surprised at how many people showed up .
" We 're not alone .
A lot of people are worried about the nomination of Sarah Palin , " Doroff said , as cars drove by honking their horns in support .
Barbara Norton , a 56 - year - old midwife , stood near a sign that read , " Alaskan Women for Choice . "
" I think America does not understand how absolutely extreme her positions are — even to the right of George Bush and John McCain , " Norton said .
" She is frightening . "
Anne Applegate - Scott , a 44 - year - old attorney and stay - at - home mom , held a sign that said , " I do n't vote for liars . "
Applegate - Scott said she actually voted for Palin for governor but wo n't vote for the McCain - Palin ticket .
Palin , she thinks , has become a " product " of McCain handlers and wo n't let her talk to the media .
When she does talk , Applegate - Scott accused Palin of lying about her record .
" She lied about her position on earmarks and building the bridge , " Applegate - Scott said referring to the infamous Bridge to Nowhere .
" She talks about her being a feminist but it is convenient feminism , it does n't cost her anything . "
One woman held a sign that read , " I'm Bail 'in on Palin ! "
Another said , " Pro Woman , Anti-Palin . "
Another read , " What About Healthcare ? "
One person strolled through the crowd in a polar bear suit .
The bear was holding a sign that said , " Polar bear moms say No to Palin , " a reference to Palin 's opposition to placing the polar bear on the threatened species list because that could interfere with drilling for oil off Alaska 's coast .
As more people gathered , the rally took on the look of a large family gathering with protesters hugging each other and exclaiming their surprise that so many people had gathered .
On the lawn outside the library two men held up a large banner that said , " Iraq War is Fraud .
Palin is a puppet . "
One of the men waved an Alaskan state flag .
Some of the signs spoke out against Palin 's anti-abortion position .
Laura Kimmel , a 40 - year - old Anchorage woman expecting her second baby in April , wore a clothes hanger with a sign attached that said , " This is not a surgical instrument .
Keep abortions safe and legal . "
Susan Soule , 65 , a part - time health consultant , said she is old enough to remember when abortion was n't legal and what women went through who wanted to terminate their pregnancies .
" I know the terror of unwanted pregnancy and back - room abortions .
I know what that did to women , " said Soule .
Hilary Seitz , 39 , attended the rally with her two girls , 8 - year - old Abbigale and 11 - year - old Taylor .
If McCain becomes president and Palin is the VP , Seitz said she fears what will happen on the Supreme Court and keeping abortion legal .
" It really scares me that if we lose that option what are women going to do , " Seitz said .
She said that she was at the rally for her girls and their futures .
Earlier in the day , a smaller crowd of Palin supporters gathered at the convention center .
Angelina Klapperich , 14 , wore her crown for winning Miss Alaska Junior Teen in 2007 .
" I think she is a super role model for young people , " the girl said of Palin , who won Miss Wasilla and came in second at the 1984 Miss Alaska pageant , taking home the Miss Congeniality award .
" She has so much integrity and she is really confident . "
Also on Saturday , 14 people held signs like " Honk if You Love Gay People " during a 12 - hour vigil outside the Abbott Loop Community Church in Anchorage , where a conference promising to convert gays into heterosexuals through the power of prayer was being held .
Palin 's place of worship , the Wasilla Bible Church , promoted the " Love Won Out " conference , sponsored by Focus on the Family .
" Our main message is that God loves everyone the way they are , " said protester Mike Mason .
" People should be accepted for who they are . "
Attempts by The Associated Press to reach someone at the church Saturday for comment were not successful .
Copyright 2008 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
There is common sense ; and there is good sense .
Common sense represents the received wisdom of years and the widespread opinion of the day .
It may be rooted in fact , fiction , rumour or reality .
On one level it does n't matter .
So long as it is commonly held , then , in essence , common sense becomes a fact of life .
Good sense , on the other hand , represents those durable truths and stubborn facts that outlive their unpopularity .
The fact that it is right does not necessarily mean that it is not marginal .
It persists for the simple reason that prevailing conditions underpin its relevance even when prevailing opinion ignores it .
At times the two coincide , at others they collide .
At different moments in different places , burning witches , a flat earth , eugenics , slavery , smoking in restaurants and corporal punishment in schools were all common sense .
But they were never good sense .
" Common sense is not something rigid and stationary , " wrote the late Italian Marxist Antonio Gramsci , who crafted the distinction from Mussolini 's prison .
" It creates the folklore of the future , a relatively rigidified phase of popular knowledge in a given time and place . "
Good sense , he argued , was often concealed in common sense , but emerged primarily in times of crisis and transformation .
We find ourselves in one such crisis now .
As markets plunge , banks fail and traders panic , the core principles that have underpinned western economic and political culture for a generation have been thoroughly discredited .
Less than a month ago the invulnerability and inviolability of unregulated global capitalism was common sense .
The system that leaves half of the world living on less than a dollar a day , with some so impoverished that they are eating mud cakes and selling their children into bondage , was apparently working well .
To suggest otherwise was to be dismissed as extreme .
But such orthodoxies can collapse even faster than markets .
By the end of last week the US treasury secretary Henry Paulson was literally on one knee before Nancy Pelosi , Democratic speaker of the House , begging her to save the bailout deal .
Later George W Bush warned of the entire American economy : " This sucker could go down . "
Suddenly , government intervention in markets , reining in executive pay and placing controls on the flow of capital are good sense .
While the gravity of the crisis is clear , the prospects for transformation remain remote .
The fact that this meltdown took place during a presidential election should be fortuitous .
It ought to provide the two candidates with an opportunity to lay out different visions of how they would tackle the situation at a moment when the nation is intently focused on politics .
If ever the country needed leadership , it is right now .
And here are two men vying for it .
Yet the financial crisis has , for the most part , made the presidential campaign seem less relevant , not more .
The credit crunch and the election are taking place as though on a split screen .
There is a connection between the two - Barack Obama has bounced back as a result of people 's attention being refocused away from lipstick and pigs and back on to their mortgages , retirement accounts and jobs .
But it is not a substantive one .
For while the crisis has changed the electoral conversation , nobody is seriously looking to this conversation for new ideas , let alone a solution .
The notion that there might be alternatives to rapacious capitalism have been all but banished from the public square .
That limited discourse leaves us with limited options .
Those who claimed that the government was the problem now cast it as not just the ultimate , but the sole solution .
Good sense demands a thoroughgoing reappraisal of a system that 's in a state of collapse ; common sense requires we subsidise it in perpetuity for fear that it breaks down .
That sounds like nonsense .
" If you beat your head against the wall , " Gramsci once wrote , " it is your head which breaks , and not the wall . "
Right now the American public has a terrible headache .
And it does n't seem as if this presidential race is going to cure it .
For this election to make any sense at this juncture it must challenge the assumptions of the past 30 years that have led America to this place .
They are assumptions that have been aggressively promoted by the Republicans in general , and George Bush in particular .
But to gain traction they had to be first conceded and then embraced by the Democrats .
The result is an American self - image rooted in unrivalled military superiority and economic might now stands in stark contradiction to a more tawdry and tattered reality .
Add the credit crisis to defeat in Iraq and problems in Afghanistan and what you are left with is a sub - prime nation - overextended both militarily and economically , living large and beyond its means .
It will be the task of whoever wins on November 4 to manage America 's decline in status and power and a consequent further deterioration in Americans ' standard of living .
This process will be painful and could be protracted .
Little wonder , then , that nobody wants to talk about it .
Instead they keep talking of America as the shining city on the hill , without realising that the city they are referring to is bankrupt and the lights are about to be cut off .
It was clear from Friday night 's debate that neither John McCain nor Obama really know what to do .
The little that they will commit to are things they agree on .
Both stand at the mercy of events and the market .
That does not mean it is irrelevant who wins .
The difference between them on this issue may be marginal , but for now they are the margins within which we live , and in which many will have to survive .
Back in 1932 , in the midst of the Great Depression , many commentators lamented the lack of difference between Herbert Hoover and Franklin Roosevelt .
One satirist wrote a searing piece about an imaginary match - up between Franklin Hoover and Herbert Roosevelt .
" Given later developments , the campaign speeches often read like a giant misprint , in which Roosevelt and Hoover speak each other 's lines , " wrote Federal Reserve chair , Marriner Eccles .
Whatever slight difference there was rhetorically would prove to make a huge difference in reality during a vital period .
It makes as much sense to elect McCain as it would have done to re-elect Hoover .
McCain 's response to government coffers depleted by the bailout is n't to rescind his tax cut but to freeze spending on everything but defence , veterans and entitlements - a military financial complex .
Obama has conceded that his plans to expand access to healthcare , education and to make America energy - independent will have to be trimmed .
Finally , the American political class has embraced a redistributive agenda .
The trouble is they are about to divert public money from the poor to the bankers and financiers .
" Capitalists can buy themselves out of any crisis , so long as they make the workers pay , " said Lenin .
It is rarely regarded as common sense to quote him in polite company .
Yet as a description of what is taking place right now , it is the most sense I 've heard in a long time .
g.younge@theguardian.com
Racism and the highly evolved strategies that some white Australians use to dismiss , obstruct and trivialise Aboriginal people are like a virus : just when you think you have inoculated yourself against it , another version of the attack hits you when you are unprepared .
Germaine Greer 's astonishing attack on me in her slight essay , On Rage , struck me as one of these mutant attacks .
It is a cleverly disguised but nonetheless racist attack on Aboriginal people .
Some will find this conclusion shocking , but let me explain .
First , the attention - seeking behaviour of Greer and her publisher is not helpful .
She and her media entourage should stop baiting Aborigines for a response to her essay .
Most of us are too busy with tasks of much greater significance for the wellbeing of the Indigenous people of this country .
Advertisement
We are trying to ensure a dignified future for Aboriginal children .
This goal is not one that interests Greer in the least , as her essay abundantly demonstrates .
Noel Pearson and Hannah McGlade 's responses are correct .
Perpetrators of violence and abuse should take responsibility for their behaviour .
We are not in the mood for failed leftist excuses for the rising levels of homicide , femicide and suicide .
During the course of her little treatise on rage , Greer lays out some of the evidence of the crisis of alcohol and drug abuse , violence and suicide in the Australian Indigenous population , albeit in a crude fashion .
Then she attaches to this medley of statistics a few notes from randomly selected anthropological studies and proposes a universal theory of hunter - gatherer society patterns of violence .
This is the foundation of what she calls black male rage .
We proceed then to a 1970 ’s style argument attributing the causes of Aboriginal male alcohol and drug abuse , violence ( especially against women and children ) and the misery of their condition to a string of slogans used in the many Aboriginal street marches of the past 40 years ( while Greer was abroad ) .
These sweeping generalisations concerning invasion , genocide , stolen land and so on explain , she suggests , the humiliation of the Aboriginal male .
And it is this past , Greer asserts , that fuels their inherent tendencies to rage and violence .
This is a circular argument , one that marshals evidence to support a preconceived proposition .
Finally , citing a short newspaper article rather than the much longer published version of my article " Trapped in the Aboriginal reality show " in the Griffith Review , her astonishing conclusion is that I will be condemned by Aboriginal men for contributing to their further degradation following the final racist triumph of the Northern Territory emergency intervention .
Advertisement
In relation to this last point , she is only partly correct .
Most Aboriginal women who have been victims of the anarchy and violence now endemic in some sections of the Aboriginal population welcomed the intervention .
Most of the objections to it , from men as well as women , concern the land leasing arrangements for township areas .
There are Aboriginal men who have vilified me publicly , but not one of them lives in the Northern Territory , and all of them have a vested interest in the old order that permitted violence against women and children without any proper interventions by the police , the courts and other responsible agencies .
Wifi Robot
Introduction
Wifi Robot : A remote control car that can be driven over the internet or with a laptop wirelessly from up to 500 m away .
It has a live - feed network camera so that it can be driven without line of sight and a horn so that you can honk at people .
A while ago I discovered the Linksys WRT54GL router .
It 's very hacker - friendly in that it runs Linux and some of the hardware has been reverse engineered .
A bunch of alternative firmware versions have been written for this router .
The version that this project uses is the customizable Linux firmware Open - WRT .
Along with great software for this router , a bunch of hardware hacks are possible .
With a cheap , hackable , embedded Linux system at my disposal -- I knew I had to do something cool with it .
So the Wifi Robot idea was born .
The goal of this article is to give a high - level overview of the project and provide some implementation details of the software and electronics .
It is not meant to be a step - by - step how - to guide , but there should be enough information for someone with motivation and some background knowledge in electronics and software to be able to make their own Wifi Robot .
All of the source code is being released under the terms of the GNU GPL v2 , so by all means , use the code , and improve it !
Hardware
Car
Adding a network camera , router , heavier batteries , extra circuits , and a whole bunch of wires adds a lot of extra weight that the car was n't designed for .
Because of all of the additions , you 'll need to find a pretty large RC car .
Thrift stores often sell RC vehicles ( without remotes ! ) for $ 3 - 5 .
I have bought a number of cars this way for taking apart .
Vehicles in the 1:10 size ratio or bigger are appropriate ; you probably do n't want to go any smaller .
I bought this car for $ 5 at Value Village .
I have taken apart about 20 RC cars .
Nearly every single one of them used the Realtek RX2 / TX2 chips or a pin-compatible alternative .
The links are for their respective datasheets .
What this means is that it 's really easy to interface to the car 's existing electronics without having to put in a bunch of our own circuitry .
It 's possible to hook up a microcontroller directly to these pins ( Forward , Backward , Left , Right ) and directly control the car .
Being able to leverage the car 's original circuitry saves a lot of time and effort .
Router
I 've modified my WRT54GL to have 2 serial ports and a 1GB SD Card ( acts like a 1GB hard drive ) .
The SD card is not used in this project , but one of the serial ports is .
One is a console port , the other is TTS / 1 which we will be using .
For this project I 'm using Open - WRT White Russian v0.9 .
There are more recent versions , but we do n't need the latest - and - greatest software features for this project .
The software compilation guide ( details later ) uses this distribution , so that is why I chose it .
Later in the article links and information are given that can help you wire up your serial ports and get them working .
Microcontroller Selection
I evaluated three different microcontrollers for this project .
Below is a summary of the evaluation .
Microcontroller PIC16F628A Arduino ( ATmega168 )
Freeduino MaxSerial AVR Butterfly ( ATmega169 ) Pros price
level of software control very easy to program ( C with many built - in libraries )
integrated serial
pre-packaged development kit , little or no soldering involved easier to program than the PIC ( C )
integrated serial
little soldering involved Cons hard to program ( assembly )
have to wire up the circuit by hand
extra serial hardware required ( MAX232A )
extra programmer required price bootloader error ( see below )
integrated peripherals cause weird output voltages
price
I choose the PIC16F628A for a few reasons :
I had a bunch of them around
I have quite a bit of experience working with them
I wanted a board with a small footprint , the PIC was the smallest footprint of all 3 options
I wanted complete control over what the code was doing and this is very possible with assembly programming
The Arduino ( Freeduino MaxSerial ) is my second choice and I really liked how easy it was to get it up and running .
The community support is great and it's very easy to use .
I originally used the AVR Butterfly development board .
It was working fine until the batteries ran low one time .
There is an error in the AVR butterfly bootloader detailed here that corrupts the code and does n't let you reprogram it unless you load a new bootloader .
To me , I just knew my car was working one day and not the next .
It took quite a while to debug the problem and quite a bit of time to fix it so I scrapped that control system .
I also found the output voltages to be unpredictable because the outputs are also driving the integrated peripherals like the LCD screen .
Below I have included source code for the PIC and Arduino microcontroller platforms .
Both have been tested -- so use whichever you feel most comfortable with .
The Arduino ( Freeduino MaxSerial ) would be the most painless way to get running quickly .
I bought this one .
Steering Circuit
I 'm actually using two control boards in my car .
The reason for this is that I blew the original drive transistors on the board that came with the car .
Fortunately I was able to remove them and the RX2 chip ( which was also blown ) and salvage the steering circuit .
Most of these toy RC cars have about 6 wires that go in to the steering motor assembly .
This is because inside the assembly there 's a metallic wiper that moves with the motor and the extra wires are used to relay which position the motor is in .
Each different RC car will have a different setup for this wiper circuit , so it 's VERY useful to be able to use the one that came with the car .
I blew the drive transistors because I was trying to drive the circuit at ~ 16V when the battery that drives the car would nominally be 9.6V .
The transistors are rated for 5A , but evidentially I was driving them too hard and they failed in a spectacular plume of smoke .
I took a board from another RC car and used its drive transistors .
I 'm running this circuit at 12V and it has n't caused any problems .
The transistors get quite hot though .
Being able to use existing RC car circuits and not having to build your own H - bridges saves a lot of time and money .
Batteries
This project sucks some major battery power .
I bought some high - end RC car batteries for about $ 50 + shipping on eBay .
They 're 3800 mAh and came with a 1.8A smart charger .
They can be found with this eBay search .
Each battery takes about 1.5hrs to charge ( from being completely dead ) .
They 're 7.2V , however when they 're just - charged they 're ~ 8.3V and when they 're dead ( no longer able to move the car ) they measure ~ 7.1V .
I replaced all of the RC battery connectors with standard ATX power supply Molex connectors .
This was so that I could connect them using cheap connectors I already had and so that it would be easy to make a splitter connector for doing power measurements .
The batteries are wired in series for about 16V when fully charged .
Power Rails
5V
( 7805 1A regulator ) 9.2V
( from 12V - 7812 rail ) 12V
( 7812 1A regulator ) 12V
( LT1083 7.5A Regulator ) microcontroller camera
steering circuit controller
horn wifi router drive board with motor controller
The 9.6V rail was powered by putting 4 diodes in series with the 7812 12V rail .
A diode takes ~ 0.7V to turn on .
By putting 4 in series , we drop ~ 2.8V across them and now we have 9V for the devices that need less than 12 V .
After burning the first bunch of transistors I wanted to run the circuit at a lower voltage .
The 7812 regulator is only rated for 1A but the motors would drain considerably more than that .
Digikey sells a 7.5A 12V regulator for ~ $ 14 which I bought .
I attached it to a heat sink because I thought that it may get pretty hot .
After quite a bit of use , it does n't even get warn , so the heat sink was not required .
I did n't want to risk blowing the steering control circuit , so I put it on the rail closest to the original RC car battery voltage .
The camera required 9V and the horn was n't loud enough when I tried it on the 5V rail , so all of these devices are on the 9.2V rail .
All of the power electronics are on a prototype board and are stored under a project box .
Microcontroller Circuit
PIC
Arduino Hookup Guide
Signal Arduino Pin Forward Digital Pin 8 Backward Digital Pin 9 Left Digital Pin 10 Right Digital Pin 11 Green LED Digital Pin 7 Red LED Digital Pin 6 Horn Digital Pin 5
The Freeduino MaxSerial serial port can be connected with any standard serial cable to the serial port on the router .
The Freeduino MaxSerial uses serial pin 4 - DTR ( data terminal ready ) to reset the microcontroller and allow it to download new code .
Under normal PC operation this pin is either + 10 V or - 10 V depending on whether the serial port is connected or not .
However , this pin is grounded on the router serial port and is n't active .
When the router serial port starts sending data , the MaxSerial resets .
That 's no good for us .
We are going to pull - up the DTR pin to +9V .
With this quick hardware modification , it basically adds a program - locked mode so that new code can't be uploaded and the microcontroller can't be reset by the serial port .
If you need to reprogram it , just flip the switch .
+9V is a pin with easy access on the Freeduino MaxSerial .
Note :
If you 're using a usb version of the Arduino , you may be able to just connect the RX & TX pins to a MAX232A and then to the router serial port and may not need this modification .
I only have the MaxSerial version , so I can't verify either way .
Camera
( Left Image Source : http://panasonic.co.jp/pcc/products/en/netwkcam/lineup/bl-c1/partnames.html)
One of the coolest aspects of this project is the fact that the car can be driven without line of sight .
That is accomplished using a network camera .
The one I chose was the Panasonic BL - C1A .
It was basically the cheapest wired network camera with good reviews .
The software is Windows - only and is n't great , but it 's usable .
The software is required to get the live streaming view .
More expensive models can be had that have pan and tilt capability , but they are considerably more expensive and I did n't need that functionality .
Edit :
As a couple of the commentors have pointed out , the camera actually has a very usable web interface making it not a Windows - specific device .
You can view the live feed using the following command :
http://<camera_ip>/ImageViewer?Resolution=320x240?Quality=standard
Available resolutions are 640x480 , 320x120 , and 160x60 .
Available quality ( compression ) settings are precision , standard , and motion .
There 's a good summary of the commands and review of the camera at this blog .
( Dimensions Images Source : http://panasonic.co.jp/pcc/products/en/netwkcam/lineup/bl-c1/partnames.html)
The video quality is quite good .
However , it will often freeze at a frame for about 1 second and then start streaming again .
Even with good connectivity .
I 'm guessing its controller is n't powerful enough to auto - focus and also keep streaming at times .
Overall I 'm happy with it .
See the measurements and benchmarks section below for bandwidth requirement measurements .
Looking at the inside of the camera it looks like its running on an ARM processor at 250MHz .
According to their parts website , it also includes 64MB of RAM .
I wonder how hard it would be to get Linux running on this thing ...
Horn
I wanted to add the fun feature of being able to honk at people .
It was a pretty simple addition .
I bought a $ 3 buzzer for KW Surplus and hooked it up to the microcontroller using a transistor for greater voltage and current .
Putting it All Together
Only the base of the RC car was used .
All decorative and non-functional parts were stripped off .
The camera was mounted to the front with only a small modification to the mounting hardware that came with the camera .
The circuit boards were bolted to the sides of the front part of the car using plastic nuts and bolts to avoid conductivity issues .
The PIC controller board was also bolted securely to the side of the car .
A number of holes were drilled to allow for routing the wires .
All wires were intentionally made longer than required so that the pieces could be easily moved around before they were bolted in permanently .
After all of the pieces were secured , all of the slack in the wires was collected and zip - tied ( see pic in Power section above ) .
There were a lot of wires .
Probably around 30 that needed to be routed to / from the front and back of the car , not including the Ethernet cable .
All of the power circuits were housed in the project box on the back of the car , with the exception of the LT1083 7.5A Regulator which is on the bottom of the car .
I did n't put it in the project box because it was a late addition to the project ( after blowing a board earlier ) , so it was the easiest place to add it .
An LED on the back of the box glows red while the router is booting up .
When the router sends an ' alive ' message to the microcontroller , the LED turns green and I know that I 'll be able to connect with the VB client application .
This LED was very helpful when debugging .
All of the electronics were prototyped on a breadboard before being soldered and installed in the car .
The batteries were secured using hot - glue and zip - ties .
The router was a bit too wide to sit on the car without some extra modifications .
I added a couple pieces of plexiglass to make the RC car base wider .
Future [ Possible ] Additions
There are a couple things I think would be fun to add :
Headlights , just super - bright LEDs .
They would be very easy to add to the microcontroller circuit .
Current Sensor that could relay back how much current the car was using and display it in the VB app .
The microcontroller could read the sensor and send back the data .
Software
There are three pieces of software that make this project possible .
The VB6 Wifi_Robot client application ( runs on Windows ) , the CarServer which is written in C and runs on the router running OpenWRT WhiteRussian v0.9 ( Linux ) , and the microcontroller firmware .
I 've provided tested firmware for both PIC16F628A microcontroller and the popular Arduino ( Freeduino MaxSerial ) .
All software is released under the GNU GPL v2 license .
The following instructions assume you have a Linksys WRT54GL with OpenWRT WhiteRussian v0.9 installed and connected to the internet .
See this guide for OpenWRT installation instructions .
Installing CarServer
If you just want to use the software
SSH in to your router then ...
# cd /tmp
# wget http://www.jbprojects.net/projects/wifirobot/carserver_1_mipsel.ipk
# ipkg install ./carserver_1_mipsel.ipk
Compiling and Installing CarServer
If you want to see how it works or modify it yourself
You 'll need to download the OpenWRT SDK ( Linux Only ) and follow this guide for compiling software : Eric Bishop 's Writing and Compiling A Simple Program for OpenWRT ( just follow Part I )
Makefile place in / OpenWrt - SDK - Linux - i686-1/ package / carserver /
Makefile place in / OpenWrt-SDK -Linux-i686-1/package/carserver/src
carserver .c place in / OpenWrt-SDK -Linux-i686-1/package/carserver/src
Your compiled ipkg will show up in / OpenWrt - SDK - Linux - i686-1/ bin / packages .
Then
# scp carserver_1_mipsel.ipk root@< router_ip >:/tmp/.
to copy it to the router .
SSH in and install it .
Great Resource
There seems to a free e-book on the WRT54G series of routers called the Linksys WRT54G Ultimate Hacking .
I believe it 's meant to be free .
Google Books has the whole book viewable .
It can also be downloaded here : ( password : ____ )
This book outlines how to add a serial port , setup the software , as well as a bunch of other hacks .
Edit : ( September 20 , 2008 )
I 've been contacted by one of the authors .
It is n't a free e-book .
You can view the whole book on Google Books here or for a more convenient format and to support the authors , check it out at Amazon .
It 's a great book !
Getting the Serial Port Working
We need to use TTS /1 , so if you only add one serial port -- make sure its that one .
Assuming you have OpenWRT WhiteRussian v0.9 installed , SSH in to the router .
The instructions in the book linked above are a bit outdated .
Here is the updated version :
# ipkg update
# ipkg install setserial
# cd /usr / sbin
# wget http://www.jbprojects.net/projects/wifirobot/stty.tgz
# tar - zxvf stty .
tgz
# chmod 755 stty
Add the following lines to / etc / init.d / custom - user - startup to make the serial port work on start - up and have the CarServer automatically start .
/usr/sbin/setserial /dev/tts/1 irq 3
/usr/sbin/stty -F
/dev/tts /1 raw speed 9600
/ bin/carserver &
Running Wifi_Robot Client App :
wifi_robot_client.zip
This file contains both the VB6 source code and compiled EXE .
You can just extract the wifi_robot_client.exe and config .
txt you do n't want to deal with the programming stuff .
The project will open and compile in VB6 if you 'd like to modify it .
It 's Windows - only , but if anyone wants to make an alternative client app , I 'll be happy to post it here and give you credit .
This software is just slightly modified from the Computer Controller RC Car project posted a few years back .
Microcontroller Firmware
PIC
You 'll need a PIC programmer to burn the firmware .
Personally I use a P16PRO40 that I bought on eBay .
There are many pic programmers that you can purchase or make yourself for a few dollars worth of parts .
You can compile the HEX yourself using Microchip 's MPLAB or just download and program the HEX file provided .
The PIC asm is based off of this PIC16F628 UART Test guide .
car_pic.asm
car_pic.HEX
Arduino ( Freeduino MaxSerial )
You can follow these tutorials to get your Arduino up and running fast .
The code can be downloaded to the Freeduino MaxSerial without an extra programmer .
car_arduino.c
If you 're using a Freeduino MaxSerial , make sure you complete the small hardware modification that will stop the Freeduino from resetting every time it receives data from the router serial port .
See the hardware section above for more technical details of the problem .
Download All Files
wifi_robot_software.zip
This zip - file contains all of the compiled binaries and source code mentioned above .
Update August 2012 :
All source code and binaries are available from this GitHub Repo .
Disclaimer
I have done my best to ensure to all information above is accurate .
If there are any errors , please e-mail at and I 'll make any corrections .
Measurements and Benchmarks
Top Speed
To get the maximum speed I setup to tape lines 3 m apart and filmed the car while I made several passes .
The camera records at 30 fps , so I have +/- 3.3 % error from the camera and maybe +/- 1 % error from the tape lines .
The car could travel 3 m in 0.7 seconds ( 21 out of 30 frames in 1 second ) .
Top Speed : 4.3m /s = 15.5 km/h = 9.6 miles /h
Distance
I took the router in to a big field .
I could connect with my laptop up to 500 m away ( at 1 Mb ) .
After that distance , I could no longer connect .
The alternative firmware ( OpenWRT ) allows you to increase the output power .
I tried modifying this value , but it made no difference at all to the distance I was able to connect to it .
Perhaps my laptop ( Dell Inspiron 6000 ) which has always had good wifi connectivity ( better than my friend 's 6400 ) , may be the limiting factor .
Data Rates
Control Signals : 3.5KB/s
Camera : 50 -190KB /s
The camera used more / less bandwidth depending on how much light was in the image .
If there was lots of light , it would use more bandwidth .
If the car was to be driven from very far away , the router would continually negotiate a lower speed until it reached 1 Mb ( megabit ) .
At this speed , the camera would n't be able to send back data , but the control signals would still be working .
Power Measurements
I noticed whenever the current changed during car bootup and noted the time .
The measurements were done on the battery side before the voltage was dropped down to whatever voltage the device needed .
Measurements were taken when the batteries had been used for about 10 minutes and V=15.3V .
Since the current was measured here , the current going in to the device at a lower voltage would be higher .
All measurements were completed with a Fluke 187 True RMS Multimeter .
The last measurement noted was when the device reached a steady - state .
Camera
Time
( seconds ) Current
( mA @ 15.3V ) Current
( mA @ 9.2V ) Power
( W) 0 39 65 0.6 5 58 96 0.9 8 98 163 1.5
Router
Time
( seconds ) Current
( mA @ 15.3V ) Current
( mA @ 12V ) Power
( W) 0 185 235 2.8 23 263 335 4.0 30 250 319 3.8
Horn
Time
( seconds ) Current
( mA @ 15.3V ) Current
( mA @ 9.2V ) Power
( W) 0 40 66 0.6
Car
State Current
( mA @ 15.3V ) Current
( mA @ 12V ) Power
( W) Booting
0 - 23s Fluctuates
~400 510 6.1 PIC +LED , Voltage Regulators , 2 control circuit boards
( no router or camera ) 102 130 1.6 After Booting , not driving
( steady - state ) 479 611 7.3 Driving - Accelerating 5500 7012 84.1 Driving - Constant Speed 4000 5100 61.2
Note :
The driving measurements are n't as accurate because it's hard to read the multiemeter while holding a laptop to drive the car and running down the street after the car .
heh .
Those numbers are accurate +/- 0.1A .
Steering takes very little power .
Once the wiper circuit detects that the wheels have turned , it stops turning them .
This happens in < 1 second .
Its been my experience that the batteries last for about 1.5 hrs under normal use .
Temperature / Over Heating
From the above power measurements we can see that the transistors are driving over 7A @ 12V when accelerating .
They 're rated for 5A , so they get pretty warm .
The transistor temperature after 25 mins of use indoors ( hence lots of accelerating from starting and stopping and not going at max speed very often ) was 89°C .
The motor was also getting pretty warm at 85 °C .
When running the car outside , it does n't seem to get near as hot .
Probably because you 're driving at a constant speed more often than inside .
The transistors are rated for up to 150 °C , so I think we 're ok .
I do n't have any information on the motor though .
Project Costs
Item Cost * Car 6 2nd control board ( from another car ) 6 Router 73 Camera 115 Batteries 67 Horn 3 PIC circuit 6 Misc : nuts , bolts , screws , project box , wires , connectors 20 Total 296
* Costs include sales tax and shipping and are rounded to the nearest dollar .
Prices are in Canadian dollars .
Resources
Here are a bunch of related links that I 've found informative , helpful , or interesting .
Description Link OpenWRT , the Linux distro I 'm running on the router ( this page tells you how to install ) here WRT54G Ultimate Hacking Book Google Books or Amazon WRT54G hacking site affiliated with the book here Great TCP tutorials in a bunch of different languages here Drive transistor datasheet here 7.5A 12V regulator datasheet LT1083 here Realtek TX2 / RX2 Remote Control Car Chipset datasheet here Pin-compatible TX2 / RX2 datasheet here Network Camera Information ( Panasonic BL - C1 ) here Eric Bishop 's Writing and Compiling A Simple Program for OpenWRT here Similar project to what I 've done , but with a larger vehicle and its much slower here Similar project to what I 've done , but with self - built H - bridge ( it overheats and stops working ) here MaxSerial Arduino - compatible Freeduino with a real DB9 serial port here Lots of Arduino Information here How - to for serial communication with the PIC16F628 here
If you liked the project or write - up , add a comment below or send me an e-mail at .
Yesterday I pointed out that today ’s global banking crisis has some historical precedents worthy of comparison .
In particular , I looked at the Japanese bailout schemes from their housing bubble to see if there was anything there to learn .
Unfortunately , the Japanese experience leaves doubts as to whether government intervention is helpful or harmful .
There are other examples , however .
The Nordic model is a particularly useful one to look at as we move forward .
Sweden ’s Central Bank Chairman
Bäckström shared some of his insights from that experience some eleven years ago in a speech to a Federal Reserve symposium that is available on the Swedish Riksbank website .
This is a brilliant piece of work .
Below are a number of snippets with my usual commentary .
First a word of thanks to the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City for the invitation to discuss the financial problems Sweden went through in the early 1990s .
I shall also try to draw some conclusions from our experiences that may be relevant for other countries .
Before I came to Sveriges Riksbank I was state secretary at the Ministry of Finance and involved among other things in the management of Sweden ’s financial crisis .
While there had , of course , been a good many indications of mounting problems , I was personally made formally aware of the acute and severe financial crisis by a phone call .
At the beginning of October 1991 I had been in the job just a few days when I got a call from the head of the Financial Supervisory Authority ( banking supervision in Sweden is performed by this authority , not by the central bank ) .
He wanted to inform the Government that a large Swedish bank had more than exhausted its equity capital and would have to go bankrupt if a reconstruction could not be arranged .
While working at the Ministry of Finance on the initial problems in the banking sector we started to study historical and international records of financial crises .
Irving Fisher ’s well - known paper in Econometrica , “ The Debt - Deflation Theory of Great Depressions , ” from 1933 provided inspiration .
We also came across a new volume , The Risk of Economic Crisis , edited by Martin Feldstein and containing interesting contributions by , among others , Benjamin Friedman , Paul Krugman , Lawrence Summers and our chairman today , E. Gerald Corrigan .
The conclusion from these sources was that a fall in asset prices , such as we had in Sweden , may create problems for private sector balance sheets , affect the supply of credit and result in payment system disturbances .
Step by step this may affect spending decisions by households and firms , thereby impinging on general economic activity .
A destabilised financial system can bring the economy into what Fisher termed “ debt deflation ” , that is , a situation where the financial crisis may become very serious and protracted .
Thus it was important both to avoid a widespread failure of Swedish banks and to bring about a macroeconomic stabilisation .
The two are interdependent .
The collapse of much of the banking system would aggravate the macroeconomic weaknesses , just as failure to stabilise the economy would accentuate the banking crisis .
Here , Bäckström has set the scene .
Basically , he outlines why central bankers fear deflation more than inflation — because of its negative effect on the banking system and credit as the real burden of debt increases .
Below , he outlines what happened in Sweden .
Note , the key role that de-regulation played in the Swedish problems .
De-regulation , while helpful in theory , often lets animal spirits run wild and leads to bubbles .
The Swedish crisis – what happened ?
The economic problems in Sweden in the early 1990s should be seen in their historical context .
For several reasons , economic growth in Sweden has been relatively weak ever since about 1970 .
Following the collapse of the Bretton Woods system the creation of a stable macroeconomic environment turned out to be difficult .
Wage formation functioned badly , fiscal policy was unduly weak and this was gradually compounded by structural problems .
Credit market deregulation in 1985 , necessary in itself , meant that the monetary conditions became more expansionary .
This coincided , moreover , with rising activity , relatively high inflation expectations , a tax system that favoured borrowing , and remaining exchange controls that restrained investment in foreign assets .
In the absence of a more restrictive economic policy to parry all this , the freer credit market led to a rapidly growing stock of debt ( Fig . ) .
In the course of only five years the GDP ratio for private sector debt moved up from 85 to 135 per cent .
The credit boom coincided with rising share and real estate prices .
During the second half of the 1980s real aggregate asset prices increased by a total of over 125 per cent .
A speculative bubble had been generated .
The expansion of credit was also associated with increased real economic demand .
Private financial saving dropped by as much as 7 percentage points of GDP and turned negative .
The economy became overheated and inflation accelerated .
Sizeable current - account deficits , accompanied by large outflows of direct - investment and other long - term capital ( once exchange control had been finally abandoned in the late 1980s ) , led to a growing stock of private sector short - term debt in foreign currency .
Step by step the Swedish economy became increasingly vulnerable to shocks .
During 1990 matters came to a head .
Competitiveness had been eroded by the relatively high inflation in the late 1980s , resulting in an overvalued currency .
This caused exports to weaken and meant that the fixed exchange rate policy began to be questioned , leading to periods with relatively high nominal interest rates .
Moreover , the tax system was reformed in order to reduce its harmful economic effects but this also contributed to higher post - tax interest rates .
Asset prices began to fall and economic activity turned downwards .
Between the summers of 1990 and 1993 GDP dropped by a total of 6 per cent .
Aggregate unemployment shot up from 3 to 12 per cent of the labour force and the public sector deficit worsened to as much as 12 per cent of GDP .
A tidal wave of bankruptcies was a heavy blow to the banking sector , which in this period had to make provisions for loan losses totalling the equivalent of 12 per cent of annual GDP .
Below is the core of the regulatory response .
I will highlight the key passages in bold .
Looking back , one can see that in the course of the crisis the seven largest banks , with 90 per cent of the market , all suffered heavy losses .
In these years their aggregate loan losses amounted to the equivalent of 12 per cent of Sweden ’s annual GDP .
The stock of non-performing loans was much larger than the banking sector ’s total equity capital and five of the seven largest banks were obliged to obtain capital contributions from either the State or their owners .
It was thus truly a matter of a systemic crisis .
In connection with a serious financial crisis it is important first and foremost to maintain the banking system ’s liquidity .
It is a matter of preventing large segments of the banking system from failing on account of acute financing problems .
In September 1992 the Government and the Opposition jointly announced a general guarantee for the whole of the banking system .
The Riksdag , Sweden ’s parliament , formally approved the guarantee that December .
This broad political consensus was I believe of vital importance and made the prompt handling of the financial crisis possible .
The bank guarantee provided protection from losses for all creditors except shareholders .
The Government ’s mandate from Parliament was not restricted to a specific sum and its hands were also very free in other respects .
This necessitated close cooperation with the political opposition in the actual management of the banking problems .
The decision was of course troublesome and far - reaching .
Besides involving difficult considerations to do , for example , with the cost to the public sector , it raised such questions as the risk of moral hazard .
The political system concluded that in the event of widespread failures in the banking system , the national economy would suffer major repercussions .
The direct outlays in connection with the capital injection into the banking sector added up to just over 4 per cent of GDP .
However , it is now calculated that most of this can be recovered .
One way of limiting moral hazard problems was to engage in tough negotiations with the banks that needed support and to enforce the principle that losses were to be covered in the first place with the capital provided by shareholders .
A separate authority was set up to administer the bank guarantee and manage the banks that landed in a crisis and faced problems with solvency , though the crucial decisions about the provision of support were ultimately a matter for the Government .
A clear separation of roles was achieved between the political level and the authorities , as well as between different authorities .
Naturally this did not preclude very close cooperation between the Ministry of Finance , the Bank Support Authority , the Financial Supervisory Authority and the Riksbank .
It was up to the Riksbank to supply liquidity on a relatively large scale at normal interest and repayment terms but not to solve problems of bank solvency .
Collateral was not required for the loans to banks , neither intraday nor overnight .
The banking system was free to obtain unlimited liquidity by drawing on its accounts with the central bank .
The bank guarantee meant that the solvency of the Riksbank was not at risk .
In order to offset the loss of foreign credit lines to Swedish banks , during the height of the crisis the Riksbank also lent large amounts in foreign currency .
Banks applying for support had their assets valued by the Bank Support Authority , using uniform criteria .
The banks were then divided into categories , depending on whether they were judged to have only temporary problems as opposed to no prospect of becoming viable .
Knowledge of the appropriate procedures was built up by degrees , not least with the assistance of people with experience of banking problems in other countries .
The Swedish Bank Support Authority had to choose between two alternative strategies .
The first method involves deferring the reporting of losses for as long as is legally possible and using the bank ’s current income for a gradual writedown of the loss making assets .
One advantage of this method is that it helps to avoid the bank being forced to massive sales of assets at prices below long run market values .
A serious disadvantage is that the method presupposes that the bank problems can be resolved relatively quickly ; otherwise the difficulties compound , leading to much greater problems when they ultimately materialise .
The handling of problems among savings and loan institution in the United States in the 1980s is a case in point .
With the other method , an open account of all expected losses and writedowns is presented at an early stage .
This clarifies the extent of the problems and the support that is required .
Provided the authorities and the banks make it credible that no additional problems have been concealed , this procedure also promotes confidence .
It entails a risk of creating an exaggerated perception of the magnitude of the problems , for instance if real estate that has been taken over at unduly cautiously estimated values in a market that is temporarily depressed .
This can lead , for instance , to borrowers in temporary difficulties being forced to accept harsher terms , which in turn can result in payments being suspended .
The Swedish authorities opted for the second method : disclose expected loan losses and assign realistic values to real estate and other assets .
This method was consistent with other basic principles for the bank support , such as the need to restore confidence .
Looking back , it can be said that in general the level of valuation was realistic .
Conclusion
This is an immense task that the Swedes took on .
Their entire banking system was effectively insolvent .
Yet , they were able to fashion a workout scheme that had bi-partisan political support , did not unfairly reward shareholders , dealt with moral hazard , separated regulatory and workout roles so as to reduce conflicts of interest , and that quickly wrote down valuations and liquidated the bad debts as opposed to dragging the process out .
The Swedish authorities should be especially commended for dealing with the liquidity and solvency concerns simultaneously , while keeping moral hazard to a minimum .
I thoroughly suggest you read this memo , save it and pass it on to your local elected official .
It should be mandatory reading for the BoE , the Fed , the ECB and key government officials in the UK , US , Ireland , and Spain where the magnitude of the housing bubble is largest .
See the link below for the full article .
Why this plan has not been more widely discussed remains a mystery .
Update 27 Sep 2008 : On Sep. 23rd , I compared the U.S. bailout plan to the Swedish plan and enumerated the points that a good bailout plan must have .
These points have since been echoed by Nouriel Roubini and incorporated into his site as well .
Source
The Swedish Experience , Riksbankschef Urban Bäckström , Federal Reserve Symposium , 27 Aug 1997
Tags
[ Smart Power : Toward a Prudent Foreign Policy for America .
By Ted Galen Carpenter .
Cato Institute , 2008 .
Xi + 258 pages . ]
Ted Galen Carpenter has given us , on the whole , an excellent and very useful book ; but it contains a crucial flaw .
The book , which collects essays and columns that Carpenter has written since 2002 , offers a devastating criticism of the Bush administration 's foreign policy .
As Carpenter ably shows , Bush 's foreign policy has failed dismally at protecting America 's vital interests .
Quite the contrary , Bush 's meddling in matters that do not properly concern us , the bloody and costly Iraq war foremost among them , has weakened rather than enhanced our security position .
Unfortunately , Carpenter does not always follow the principles he expounds .
He supports an interventionist scheme of his own : he not only supports Bush 's 2001 invasion of Afghanistan but wishes to expand the struggle against al Qaeda to Pakistan .
Carpenter distinguishes sharply between vital interests and conditional or secondary interests , on the one hand , and peripheral interests and irrelevant matters on the other .
[ V]ital interests are matters that have a direct , immediate , and substantial connection to America 's physical survival , political independence , or domestic liberty .
Thwarting threats to those interests warrants using whatever level of military force may be necessary if other efforts prove insufficient …
Just below the level of vital interests lie conditional or secondary interests .
In that category are geostrategic assets that are pertinent but not indispensable to preserving America 's territorial integrity , independence , and domestic liberty …
The lowest category of security concerns consists of peripheral interests .
Such interests consist of geostrategic assets that marginally enhance America 's security and well being , but whose loss would constitute more of an annoyance than a serious setback …
It is important to emphasize that most developments in the world do not even reach the threshold of peripheral interests .
They belong in the fourth category of irrelevant matters .
( p. 5 , emphasis omitted )
The Iraq war perfectly illustrates what happens when peripheral interests are confused with matters of vital importance .
Saddam Hussein posed no threat to any major American interest , but this did not prevent the Bush administration from embarking on a costly and futile war .
Carpenter quickly disposes of the argument that the danger that Saddam might acquire WMD justified preventive action against him .
Bush 's claims that Saddam had such weapons proved mistaken , and one strongly suspects , were deliberate falsehoods ; but suppose that Saddam did have these weapons .
In what way would this pose a threat to America 's security interests ?
Carpenter calls attention to an elementary point that enables us to view this alleged threat in a proper perspective .
Any regime that launched a nuclear or biological attack on America would face immediate annihilation .
The knowledge that this would transpire suffices to deter those with these weapons from attacking us .
Deterrence stood as a fundamental principle of American strategy during the Cold War .
If it worked then , against a Soviet regime massively stronger than Saddam 's Iraq , why would it fail against him ?
Writing in February 2003 , just before Bush started to make Iraq safe for democracy , Carpenter explained the key issue :
The United States successfully deterred the likes of Josef Stalin and Mao Zedong — two brutal and erratic dictators .
And these dictators possessed nuclear , not just chemical and biological , weapons , whereas there is no credible evidence of an active Iraqi nuclear weapons program .
The pro-war faction has never explained why the United States cannot deter a garden - variety thug like Saddam Hussein .
Saddam and the other members of the Iraqi political elite know that threatening , much less attacking , the United States would be an act of suicide .
Young , useful idiots like the Sept. 11 terrorists may be suicidal , but rulers of countries almost never are .
( p. 20 )
Warmongers such as Dick Cheney , not content with the Iraq disaster , now endeavor to promote hostilities with Iran .
That nation , these alarmists claim , is seeking to acquire nuclear weapons .
Once gained , these weapons would be used against Israel , for the Iranian regime the hated Zionist enemy .
Against the deterrence argument just sketched , the nonagenarian Bernard Lewis , an undoubted authority on budgets of the Ottoman Empire , contends that " Iran 's president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and the Iranian government ' clearly believe ' that ' the cosmic struggle at the end of time … ending in the final victory of the forces of good over evil ' has begun " ( p. 115 ) .
Ahmadinejad is a suicidal fanatic who can not be deterred .
Must we not interdict the threat of a nuclear Iran by a strike at the sites where these weapons might be built ?
Carpenter , in an article written with Josh Logan , expertly locates the fallacies in this flimsy justification for war .
The famed historian Lewis ignores recent history .
The Iranian religious regime , despite its fervent rhetoric , showed itself fully capable of strategic calculation at the close of the 1980s war with Iraq .
Faced with poor military prospects , the Iranians accepted a peace settlement .
That the clerical leadership saw this reality and decided to end the conflict suggests that for all its religious bombast , it was making rational strategic calculations .
In hindsight , even extreme radicals like Khomeini — who were viewed at the time as irrational — did not meet the description ( p. 116 ) .
Do not similar considerations apply to the current manufactured crisis ?
The evidence indicates that Iran 's leadership remains rational today .
Though it would certainly terrify the Israeli population , Iran has never passed chemical or biological weapons to Hezbollah or other client organizations .
Why ?
Most likely because they fear Israeli reprisals .
And if the Iranians fear Israel 's response to a chemical or biological attack , they are certainly aware how much more severely Israel would respond to a nuclear assault , whether by proxy or directly launched from Iran .
Never in history have leaders made a decision that was absolutely certain to destroy their own country in a matter of hours .
( p. 116 )
Carpenter 's analysis is excellent , and he displays similar wide knowledge and careful judgment on a wide range of other issues , including relations with Taiwan and China , the expansion of NATO , and the drug war .
But he fails in a crucial case , the battle against al Qaeda , to apply the foreign policy framework he has throughout the book defended .
His failure is surprising .
He rightly points out that terrorists do not pose a major threat to America 's security .
True to their label , the Islamic terrorists are terrifying , and they can sometimes inflict nasty damage …
But terrorism has always been the strategy of weak parties , not strong ones , and radical Islamic terrorism is no exception …
U.S. intelligence agencies estimate [ in 2006 ] that there are no more than a few thousand al Qaeda operatives — many of whom are hunkered down in the wilds of Afghanistan and Pakistan …
Absurd proclamations that America 's conflict with al Qaeda and its radical Islamist allies constitutes the next world war are becoming a growth industry .
( p. 92–93 )
The terrorist threat , as Carpenter says , can be readily managed , all the more so if the United States refrains from provocative policies in the Middle East that provoke Arab animosity .
Nevertheless , Carpenter supported a measure that appears entirely unnecessary and disproportionate to this threat .
" I [ Carpenter ] was an early and vocal advocate not only of rooting al Qaeda out of its sanctuary in Afghanistan , but also of overthrowing the Taliban regime that had aided and abetted the terrorist organization " ( p. 67 ) .
But once an attack on al Qaeda had been launched , in what way did the Taliban regime threaten America 's security ?
The overthrow of the regime produced no benefit to us and stands condemned by Carpenter 's own demarcation between vital and peripheral interests .
No doubt America would have preferred another regime to the continued existence of the Taliban , but this hardly provides adequate grounds for an invasion .
Perhaps the argument is supposed to be that overthrowing the Taliban will demonstrate to other nations the dire consequences for harboring terrorists hostile to the United States ; but this too does not suffice to justify the policy that Carpenter defends .
Granted the malign intentions of the terrorists , how does harboring them worsen their threat to us ?
So long as their location within the country is known , are they not more vulnerable to attack ?
Further , suppose that terrorists do gain in strength if a nation offers them sanctuary .
Why does the slight addition to deterrence that at best is gained by the overthrow of the Taliban outweigh the costs and risks of an upheaval ?
Surely the gain in deterrence is minimal , because nations will already realize that an attack on America carried out by a terrorist group on their soil will likely be met by an assault on that group , with potentially destabilizing effects on the regime .
Does this not suffice for adequate deterrence ?
Carpenter goes further .
He proposes to extend the battle against al Qaeda to Pakistan .
The reality is that al Qaeda will never be destroyed as long as it can enjoy a de facto sanctuary in Pakistan …
Washington should inform [ Pakistani military dictator ]
Musharraf that we intend to wipe out the al Qaeda sanctuaries in the northwest frontier province , with or without Islamabad 's permission … the United States should not shrink from confronting al Qaeda in its Pakistani lair .
( pp. 68–9 )
Here again one must ask , is the increase in security gained through the attack on these sanctuaries worth the effects on the Pakistani regime of this move ?
If the Pakistani government were to fall , might not the volatile relations between Pakistan and India take a turn for the worse ?
What if a successor regime proved hostile to America ?
Elsewhere Carpenter is keen to emphasize regional balances of power ; but here his urge for total destruction takes primacy .
Even with these sanctuaries , al Qaeda has not been able to inflict substantial damage on us since the September 11 attacks .
Carpenter 's reckless suggestion embodies substantial dangers and offers little prospect of gain .
However much one may value Carpenter 's book , then , it does not reflect a consistent noninterventionist stance .
The right - wing outrage du jour yesterday was over Joe Biden 's remarks about the rich having to pony up more in taxes as part of their " patriotic " duty to help their country get back on a sound economic footing .
In an interview with Katie Couric later in the day , Biden unloaded on his detractors .
Katie : " Your vice presidential rival , Governor Palin , said " To the rest of America , that 's not patriotism .
Raising taxes is about killing jobs and hurting small businesses and making things worse . "
Biden : " How many small businessmen are making one million , four hundred thousand -- average in the top 1 percent .
Give me a break .
I remind my friend , John McCain , what he said -- when Bush called for war and tax cuts -- he said , it was immoral , immoral , to take a nation to war and not have anybody pay for it .
I am so sick and tired of this phoniness .
The truth of the matter is that we are in trouble .
And the people who do not need a new tax cut should be willing , as patriotic Americans , to understand the way to get this economy back up on their feet is to give middle class taxpayers a break .
We take the tax cut they 're getting and we give it to the middle class . "
General Motors unveiled the Chevrolet Volt electric vehicle on Tuesday , allowing outsiders their first full look at the car GM says will go on sale in 2010 .
" The Volt symbolizes GM 's commitment to the future , " said Rick Wagoner , the company 's chairman and CEO .
The Volt will be driven by electricity stored in a large T - shaped lithium - ion battery pack running the length of the car .
After charging for several hours , the Volt will be able to run for up to about 40 miles without using gasoline .
GM did not announce pricing for the car , which will have the equivalent of about 150 horsepower and a top speed of 100 mph , the automaker said .
The car 's zero - to - sixty time will be under nine seconds , said GM vehicle line director Tony Posawatz .
That would make the performance about average for a modern car
" The center of gravity of the car , with the center battery pack , it 's going to have real great ride and handling , " said Posawatz .
To charge the batteries , drivers will plug a cord into a port just ahead of the driver 's side mirror .
The cord can then be attached to an ordinary home electrical outlet .
The car will cost " less than purchasing a cup of your favorite coffee " to recharge , and use less electricity annually than a refrigerator , according to GM .
The Volt should cost less than 2 cents per mile to drive on electricity , GM said , compared with 12 cents a mile on gasoline at a price of $ 3.60 a gallon .
As the battery begins to run down as the car is in use , a small gasoline engine will turn on and generate enough electricity to drive the car about 300 miles , said GM .
Unlike hybrid cars , or plug - in hybrids , the Volt is driven only by electricity .
The gasoline engine never directly drives the car 's wheels .
Advertisements
Noted and respected Republican Senator Chuck Hagel of Nebraska offered some interesting tidbits on Sarah Palin recently .
In an interview Hagel did with the Omaha World - Herald , Hagel responded to a question about Palin ’s “ readiness ” to step into the Oval Office by saying , “ I do think in a world that is so complicated , so interconnected and so combustible , you really got to have some people in charge that have some sense of the bigger scope of the world …
I think that ’s just a requirement . ”
When the reporter prodded further , Hagel added , “ I think it ’s a stretch to , in any way , to say that she ’s got the experience to be president of the United States . ”
Hagel saved his sharpest and most poignant criticism of Palin for her claim that she ’s got foreign policy experience simply because she can see Russia from an island in Alaska .
“ I think they ought to just be honest about it and stop the nonsense about , ‘ I look out my window and I see Russia and so therefore I know something about Russia , ' ” he said .
Advertisements
Hagel quipped , “ That kind of thing is insulting to the American people . ”
Precisely .
Thank you , Mr. Hagel .
But Hagel was n’t done sharing his mind on the “ enchanted Sarah Palin . ”
He concluded his honest , heart - felt , verbal lashing of Palin with , “ [ she ] does n’t have any foreign policy credentials .
You get a passport for the first time in your life last year ?
I mean , I do n’t know what you can say .
You ca n’t say anything . ”
Precisely .
And you ’ve just said it all , Mr. Hagel .
Like Hagel , I find it hard to believe that there are people buying into the absolutely ludicrous notion that Palin is qualified .
This is the same kind of tact that George W. Bush employed .
He governs a state that borders Mexico so therefore he has extensive foreign policy experience .
As well , Bush had never traveled abroad before becoming President .
And we ’ve all seen how well those two “ qualifications ” turned out .
On a personal note , I ’d like to say to Senator Hagel , “ Thank you , sir , and enjoy your hard - earned retirement . ”
What Did You Miss If You Took This Week Off ?
Hey , I took the week off -- what did I miss ?
Well , by the numbers , not much -- essentially flat for the week
Index **9-12-08 CLOSE **
**9-19-08 AFT **
S&P 1252 1,255.08
DOW 11422 11,388.44
Nasdaq 2261.27 2,273.90
2YR 2.21 % 2.10 %
10YR 3.72 % 3.73 %
6MO BILLS 1.55 % 1.51 %
Funny , it did n't feel like a flat week . . .
Hat tip , Kevin Dehler , HSBC Securities
Friday , September 19 , 2008 | 05:36 PM | Permalink | Comments ( 85 ) | TrackBack ( 0 )
add to de.li.cious | digg this !
| add to technorati | email this post
TrackBack TrackBack URL for this entry :
https://www.typepad.com/services/trackback/6a00d8341c52a953ef010534ba6ae3970c
Listed below are links to weblogs that reference What Did You Miss If You Took This Week Off ? :
Comments
Barry , do you see these two 300 + up days as a bear market rally that is quickly forgotten OR does the combination of technical + fundamental factors cause you declare this a bottom ( at least for a while , as in until elections ) ?
Posted by : rational | Sep 19 , 2008 5:44:47 PM
“ Live as if you were to die tomorrow .
Learn as if you were to live forever . ” ― Mahatma Gandhi .
The peak and gradual decline in world oil production is beginning to spawn a set of geopolitical positive - feedback - loops that seem likely to exacerbate depletion and accelerate the effective rate of decline of world oil production .
Rather than isolated incidents , these geopolitical feedback loops are the direct result of geological peaking in oil production .
Unlike geologically driven peaking , however , the effective rate of decline caused by geopolitical feedback loops has the potential to continually accelerate .
This post will lay out a theory to better understand the impact of this system of geopolitical phenomena .
I 've discussed the impact of various types of geopolitical disruptions to oil production previously at The Oil Drum .
One of these geopolitical phenomena , the Export Land Model ( ELM ) , has been well developed by TOD members Westexas and Khebab ( see their Iron Triangle post and Wikipedia article ) .
While I think that ELM is already proving to be the most significant of the geopolitical factors -- especially in the earlier phases of peak oil -- I think that it is important to place ELM into the context of a larger set of geopolitical pheonomena .
In part , this is the case because of a similarity between the various geopolitical forces at work .
In part , it is because these forces tend to act as alternatives to one another , and their full implications cannot be properly understood in isolation .
In this post , the first part in a series , I hope to lay the framework of a theory for better understanding these phenomena , for extrapolating trends , and for predicting their future impact .
It is also important to place the problem of geopolitical disruptions in context , and to highlight the danger of dismissing these phenomena as isolated and separate " above ground factors . "
The next post in this series will review and update the set of geopolitical feedback loops currently in action , looking not only at disruptions to oil production , but also at the larger issue of resource production , including gas , coal , fertilizer , metals , etc .
The final post will discuss the interrelationship between the various geopolitical forces at work as well as the potential approaches to " solve " this system of problems .
Building a Theory of Geopolitical Disruptions to Resource Supply
Since this theory is still very much in formation , I 'll proceed by asking a series of questions , followed by my best answer at present .
I hope that readers will help to both refine these answers , as well as propose additional questions that must be addressed :
1. Are Geology and Geopolitics Separate ?
When considering peak oil , it is tempting to look at the issue as a purely a matter of depletion due to geology and production economics .
While peak oil certainly begins with the study and understanding of geological depletion , it spawns a set of exacerbating geopolitical factors that are critical to understanding the ultimate scope and impact of peak oil .
Some commentators consider " above ground factors " to be separate , stand - alone phenomena that are neither related to nor driven by the geological peaking of oil production .
This is a critical mistake .
Rather than being merely isolated phenomena , these geopolitical forces are best viewed as phenomena that would not exist but for geological constraints .
Without geological constraints on oil production -- specifically without geographical constraints on where remaining viable oil reserves are located - - oil producers would produce sufficient oil from geopolitically stable locations .
In reality , resources are almost always subject to uneven geographical distribution .
For economic and political reasons , consuming nations tend to produce domestic supplies first .
When consuming nations produce oil in foreign nations , regions with geopolitical stability and stable legal systems to protect property interests are favored , so oil from these countries tends to be produced first .
As a result , when the world has produced roughly half of its reserves , and when world production approaches peaking , the majority of remaining reserves ( especially the majority of economically viable reserves ) tend to be located outside consuming countries in the least geopolitically and legally stable regions .
This , roughly , is why " our oil " is increasingly likely to be located " under their sand . "
As a result , today 's increasing geopolitical problems in oil and resource production are a direct result of geological factors combined with picking the low hanging fruit first .
If it had made more sense to produce oil from offshore Nigeria , Azerbaijan , or the Arctic first , and save Texas and Alaska oil for later , we would have done that .
But because that was n't what made sense , today 's geopolitical problems are a direct result of geography when viewed from a macro perspective .
Additionally , this process of explaining why geopolitical problems exist today also demonstrates that it is useful to view geopolitical problems as a global system of phenomena , not as isolated events .
2. Are Geopolitical Disruptions Feedback Loops ?
It seems that geopolitical forces act as positive feedback loops .
I 'll detail the feedback inside and between various geopolitical forces in my next post , but for now I 'll outline the general concept : 1 ) global scarcity of oil , energy , or other resources increases the likelihood of disruption to the supply of that resource ( for various reasons that I 've discussed before and will outline in more detail in the next post in this series ) ; 2 ) when these disruptions occur , they further increase the global scarcity of the resource , increasing the effect noted in # 1 and creating a positive feedback loop .*
For that reason , I call this set of exacerbating factors " geopolitical feedback loops " as they are subject to positive feedback both from their own operation and from the rate of geologically - driven depletion .
I think that term is appropriate , but admittedly a bit cumbersome -- I 'll shorten it to " GFL " for now .
* Some GFLs may not be positive feedback loops -- the Export Land Model , for example , is probably a positive feedback loop to the extent that the drop in net exports from one exporter causes global prices to rise enough to make that exporter 's export revenues increase despite the decline in net export volume .
However , it would be a negative feedback loop if the rise in domestic consumption due to high export revenues ( the system 's output ) has the result of decreasing export revenues ( feeding the system 's output back into the system in an inverted manner ) and thereby causing a decrease in domestic consumption ( acting to re-establish equilibrium ) .
3. How Does the " Rate " of Disruption from Geopolitics and Geology Compare ?
There are also critical differences between the rate of geological depletion and the potential rate at which geopolitical disruptions cumulatively impact oil supply rates .
Unlike depletion , whereby oil production from a given field or set of fields decreases rapidly after peaking before beginning to " tail off " and decrease more slowly ( the black line in the graphic above ) , geopolitical forces may disrupt production catastrophically , or may disrupt production at a rapidly accelerating rate ( the red line in the graphic above ) .
This is not to say that GFLs will have a greater impact than geology -- while it is certainly possible that a single geopolitical disruption will dramatically outpace geological depletion over a short time period , geological factors will likely be the main determinant of oil production declines during the initial phases of peak oil .
However , depending on our society 's ability to mitigate Peak Oil with substitute energy sources and to adapt to a lower energy world , it also seems likely that geopolitical disruptions will eventually overtake depletion as the most significant problem .
Because geopolitical disruptions will have a disproportionately greater impact in an environment of increasing oil scarcity , as well as due to factors involved in secondary and tertiary recovery methods , the right half of the global oil production curve will not look like the left -- when the impact of GFLs are added to the rate of geological decline , the drop in global oil production may be much faster than generally expected .
4. Along What Timeline Will Geopolitical Disruptions Unfold ?
Geological forces do not require an actual peak in global oil or energy production to begin to form positive feedback loops -- rather , the catalyst for positive feedback is the onset of diminishing marginal returns in investment in energy , where energy begins to become more expensive in relative terms .
While global oil and energy supplies may not have peaked , we have almost certainly crossed the threshold of more expensive energy .
Also unlike depletion , geopolitical feedback loops may disrupt production in a region that is still far from geological peaking .
For this reason , it is reasonable to expect GFLs to increasingly disrupt global oil production alongside an increase in the scarcity of oil , and before an actual peak in global production .
Annecdotal evidence supports this view of the the timing of geopolitical disruptions : while some degree of scarcity of oil has coincided with geopolitical disruptions in the past , increasing scarcity over the past decade has coincided with easily observable increases in geopolitical disruptions .
While I think the general issue of timing is obvious , one critical unanswered question remains : how fast will geopolitical disruptions impact overall production rates ?
5 . Will the Aggregate Effect of Geopolitical Disruptions be Smooth or Unpredictably " Bumpy " ?
Unlike geological depletion , geopolitical disruption is uniquely susceptible to " black swan " events -- things that simply cannot be predicted .
This is problematic because , unlike geological depletion which can be understood as a slow but compounding process , geopolitical disruptions may appear non-existent , but then suddenly exert a huge toll on global production .
This makes predictions of future oil production levels even more uncertain than predictions that account for only geological factors , and increased uncertainty in estimating future oil production makes selecting and mobilizing the necessary political will for various mitigation options more difficult .
Some GFLs , such as the Export Land Model , will likely produce fairly smooth and predictable effects .
Others , like the increased motivation to target oil production infrastructure , will likely produce relatively smooth aggregate effects , but will be subject to significant and sudden disruptions -- for example , if al - Qa'ida successfully destroys the export terminal at Ras Tanura , or if Iran blockaded the Strait of Hormuz .
The critical unanswered question here is whether , in aggregate , the impact of GFLs will be predictably smooth ( as assumed in the graphic at the top of this post ) or unpredictably volatile .
6 . Is the System of Geopolitical Feedback Loops Solvable ?
Because individual geopolitical disruptions can be " solved " , there is a tendency to think of them as separate from geological challenges ( and thereby a convenient alternate explanation for those who do n't like the implications of geological depletion ) .
Additionally , there is a tendency to think that because individual problems are solvable , the system of geopolitical forces can also be solved as a whole ( specifically , solved by the same tool - set of security , military force , etc. ) .
In reality , while the occurrence of individual events and geopolitical disruption in individual regions is highly uncertain ( and too complex to predict mathematically ) , the increasing scarcity of oil and other resources caused by geological factors creates an ever increasing catalyst to geopolitical disruption .
In the face of geological depletion , geopolitical disruption is not a question of if , but a question of where and how fast .
If a single geopolitical disruption -- say , a militant group attacking a pipeline -- can be solved , why can't the larger system also be solved ?
In theory , it can , but there are systemic problems to solving the larger system .
In general , this is because the " solutions " to the individual problems are actually to overwhelm and repress the root cause locally - - something which will become increasingly difficult globally .
For example , the Nigerian rebels can , theoretically , be defeated by overwhelming government force , but this does not solve their grievance -- that their ethnic group is being oppressed and resources that are rightfully theirs are being appropriated .
Rather , it relies on overwhelming military force and expenditure to repress it ( and , it should be noted , this " solutions " is being discussed theoretically , as the massive military force and expenditure by Nigeria 's government at present is failing miserably to repress rebel attacks on oil infrastructure ) .
It seems , at least to me , far more likely that the world can concentrate resources to temporarily repress geopolitical flare - ups regionally , especially in the earlier phases of peak oil .
However , if global resources are spread thin , it is impossible to address every trouble spot simultaneously .
Because of this , it seems unlikely that there would be enough pressure at individual points to repress disruptions across the entire system .
Finally , while many geopolitical problems can be repressed by favoring one side in a dispute as leverage against the other ( the Exploitation Model ) , it is often not fundamentally possible to actually resolve the issue by making all parties happy ( thereby eliminating the root cause of the geopolitical disturbance ) because the minimum demands of opposing groups are often mutually exclusive .
I 've written about this problem of Mutually Exclusive Overlap before , and I think that it makes the global system of geopolitical feedback loops an inevitability .
However , while I think that the broader system is not " solvable , " I do think that it is possible to buffer their effect , a topic I will discuss in a later post .
7. Is Price the Sole Catalyst of Geopolitical Disruptions ?
While demand destruction and economic troubles may grant a temporary reprieve from increasing geopolitical tensions ( because they may temporarily reduce the underlying catalyst of scarcity ) , the steady march of resource depletion will eventually catch up and cause geopolitical tensions to escalate again unless a truly economical , scalable substitute for fossil fuels is built out sufficient to negate depletion and accommodate continued economic and population growth .
In that sense , if peak oil is not a problem for humanity , neither will we suffer the exacerbating effects of geopolitical feedback loops .
However , to the extent that peak oil presents a serious problem , it will be increasingly exacerbated by geopolitics .
Additionally , demand destruction is particularly inefficient at buffering these geopolitical feedback loops because the lowest value consumption tends to be " destroyed " first .
In a demand destruction scenario , when consumers are forced to reduce consumption out of economic necessity , they will choose to first eliminate the consumption that is least necessary to the maintenance of their quality of life .
As a result , as demand destruction gradually decreases consumption , the consumption that remains is , by process of elimination , increasingly inelastic .
For this reason , demand destruction actually exacerbates the positive - feedback nature of these geopolitical phenomena .
A pipeline bombing , cartel action , or rise in domestic consumption that removes 500,000 barrels of oil per day from the international market exerts far more leverage on a future United States that consumes only 10 million barrels ( due to demand destruction ) per day of oil than it does on today 's United States that consumes roughly 20 million barrels per day .
However , if this same future United States only consumes 10 million barrels per day of oil due to the development of economically viable substitutes and voluntary efficiency measures , then this would not be the case .
I 'll address this point in more detail in my discussion on buffering GFLs in a later post .
In general , if scarcity is the underlying catalyst to geopolitical disruptions , I think that price is not the best indicator of that scarcity -- rather , price of a barrel of oil as a percentage of purchasing power parity may be more appropriate .
8. Are Geopolitical Feedback Loops " Scale Free " ?
A scale free system ( aka a fractal ) is one that exhibits the same behavior at all levels .
Do GFLs operate as a scale free system ?
Assuming that , at a point in the future where total oil production is rapidly declining , there would be a world wide catalyst for geopolitical disruption to oil supplies , would it also be true that a region where oil production is rapidly declining will see a regional catalyst before world supply begins to decline ?
The answer is still unclear .
Mexico , for example , is already well beyond its peak in oil production -- ahead of the global process of peaking .
Does this mean that internal pressures in Mexico are greater than elsewhere , that the driving forces behind geopolitical feedback loops are greater than elsewhere , or that the attacks on Mexico 's gas pipelines can be attributed to GFLs being more advanced in Mexico than elsewhere ?
We do n't know .
In theory , it seems reasonable to suggest that a country experiencing the problems with its own early peak may experience greater geopolitical pressures than others , but it is far from clear that this is the case in Mexico where oil export revenues are still rising , and where there are ample alternative explanations for the gas pipeline attacks .
Additionally , other countries where production peaked well before global production ( e.g. the US , Norway , UK , though arguably not Indonesia ) have n't experienced a localized rise in geopolitical tensions .
There are many complicating factors ( especially when viewing the US and UK and their position on the world stage ) , but this is a possibility to keep track of as some regions progress past peak before others .
9. How Should Quantitative Data be Integrated in this Model ?
One criticism of this model of geopolitical feedback loops is , quite understandably , its lack of hard , quantitative data at its base .
In one sense , the subject matter is fundamentally less suitable to quantitative , data - driven analysis than the core issue of geological depletion .
Some exceptions stand out -- the Export Land Model , mentioned above , is a prime example of a geopolitical feedback loop that is well suited to data - driven analysis .
Even ELM , however , presents problems for data - driven analysis .
For example , when an exporting state that currently subsidizes domestic fuel prices decides to cut that subsidy when export revenues begin to decline , or if a state decides to buy domestic political support by using some of its export revenues to boost subsidies , how do we integrate the impact of this fundamentally political maneuver with the more pure analysis of net export declines ?
Similarly , it is quite challenging to gather accurate data of nationalist sentiment ( and the degree to which this sentiment may lead to violence ) , the ability to mobilize political will to conserve resources for future generations , the degree to which resources motivated a military " adventure " -- all of these demonstrate the challenge of bringing data - driven analysis to inherently " fuzzy " topics .
Perhaps the most important question is the degree of importance of data - driven analysis to this topic .
Will the quest for mathematical analysis of these topics provide more predictive power for a given amount of effort , or will it create a misleading appearance of accuracy and predictive ability while actually creating faulty conclusions ?
If quantitative analysis is appropriate here , how , specifically , should it be carried out ?
This question , in particular , is one where I hope the many TOD readers with experience in this area will weigh in .
I plan to begin to introduce some quantitative data in the next post in this series by attempting to tally the amount of production currently shut - in or otherwise disrupted due to the various categories of GFLs around the world .
I expect it will be difficult to accurately track this data over time ( at least when compared with our ability to track actual oil production ) , but it seems like the best place to start with quantitative analysis , and may provide some insight into the rate and timing of geopolitical impacts on oil production .
10 . Is the Potential for Financial Crash a Geopolitical Feedback Loop ?
It 's purely artificial to separate the financial impact of peak oil from the geopolitical impact -- in fact , there are broad areas of overlap between the realm of finance or macroeconomics with geopolitics .
How should these issues be integrated into this model , if at all ?
It is unclear to me whether financial markets are an exacerbating or mitigating factor in the context of broader geopolitical disruptions .
In one sense , the financial turmoil caused by high oil prices makes it more difficult to raise capital necessary to exploit new technologies , develop substitutes for oil , and to produce more economically challenging oil reserves .
Likewise , price volatility and peak oil combine to exacerbate both financial and geopolitical issues .
However , it can also be argued that financial turmoil mitigates the geopolitical problems of peak oil by destroying demand and reducing scarcity ( though , as mentioned above , this is a double edged sword because it may increase inelasticity of the remaining demand ) .
I hope that readers can propose the best way to integrate models and predictions of financial turmoil ( such as Gail the Actuary 's recent financial market predictions ) with this model of geopolitical feedback loops .
Conclusion
I 've recently finished the book " We Think " by Charles Leadbeater .
This book is an outstanding discussion of the advantages and pitfalls of collaborative innovation .
I 'm not proposing that the theoretical framework I 'm setting forth in this and later posts is in any way gospel truth -- it is an initial effort to tackle a very complex system of problems , and certainly needs further development .
The Oil Drum is , in many ways , an ideal example of a " we- think " collaborative environment , and I hope that the amazing breadth and depth of knowledge of TOD readers will help to further develop this theory .
Developing a better understanding of the impact of a system of geopolitical feedback loops in resource production is a critical first step in both improving our ability to predict future energy and resource supplies , and in understanding how to best act to mitigate resulting problems .
Hopefully my answers to the above questions begin to lay out a foundation for a broad theory of geopolitical disruption to resource supply .
In the next post I will look at several discrete geopolitical phenomena within this analytical framework , but for now my hope is to start a discussion of the overarching issues raised in this post .
A new passage has been added to the theory of anal evolution .
Insert joke here .
Anuses are believed to have developed during the murky transition from radial to bilateral symmetry – i.e. , from jellyfish and starfish to animals with fronts , backs and two sides .
There was , scientists surmise , an animal with a nutrient - absorbing slit in its body : the slit closed in the middle , leaving both ends open .
Over time , one end became specialized for consumption , and the other for ejection .
But University of Hawaii evolutionary biologists Andreas Hejnol and Mark Martindale think otherwise .
They compared the developmental gene expression of Convolutriloba longifissura – a primitive flatworm with a mouth and no anus – to more complicated , anus - possessing flatworms .
Not only did * C. longifissura * and its relatives express the same genes as their mouths developed ; they displayed similar patterns of gene expression in their posterior ends .
In C. longifissura , this process stopped short of producing an anus , but it suggested to Hejnol and Martindale that anuses evolved separately .
They suspect that the anus is a fusion of the gut with reproductive organs – a suspicion borne out by the anuses of amphibians , reptiles and birds , which do double duty as channels of reproduction .
But Detlev Arendt , a leading proponent of the traditional explanation , found the new theory difficult to digest .
" I 'm not convinced at all , " he said to Nature .
" The issue remains open . "
Acoel development indicates the independent evolution of the bilaterian mouth and anus [ Nature ]
Image : Andreas Hejnol and Mark Martindale , University of Hawaii
WiSci 2.0 : Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and Del.icio.us feed ; Wired Science on Facebook .
Judge Denver D. Dillard was trying to decide whether a slow - witted Iowa man accused of acting as a drug mule was competent to stand trial .
But the conclusions of the two psychologists who gave expert testimony in the case , Judge Dillard said , were “ polar opposites . ”
One expert , who had been testifying for defendants for 20 years , said the accused , Timothy M. Wilkins , was mentally retarded , had a verbal I.Q. of 58 and did not understand the proceedings .
The prosecution expert , who had testified for the state more than 200 times , said that Mr. Wilkins ’s verbal I.Q. was 88 , far above the usual cutoffs for mental retardation , and that he was competent to stand trial .
Judge Dillard , of the Johnson County District Court in Iowa City , did what American judges and juries often do after hearing from dueling experts : he threw up his hands .
The two experts were biased in favor of the parties who employed them , the judge said , and they had given predictable testimony .
Plenty of social media products allow users to ask questions of a community and rate the best answers in an effort to identify helpful know - it - alls .
But what if you need help to figure out what questions to ask in the first place ?
Google 's new Moderator project is a tool designed for this task .
We spoke with Taliver Heath , one of Google 's engineers ( and Ars Centurian " LordFrith " ) , about what inspired Moderator , as well as where the project may be headed .
Moderator is another one of Google 's infamous " 20 percent " projects , produced on the 20 percent of Heath 's time that Google allots all of its engineers to work on their own ideas .
The simple idea behind Moderator is to offer a public forum in which users can submit questions that they believe should be asked during a specific meeting or event .
Other users can then vote on whether they like each question and agree on which should be asked , thereby using the power of crowdsourcing to decide what the most important issues are for the audience .
Ideally , a journalist or someone moderating a tech talk or meeting could present these questions , thereby making the most out of what is typically a short amount of time for Q&A .
Heath used an example scenario to explain his vision for Moderator : " How many city council meetings have you been to ?
How about school boards ?
There are always questions you may have about the running of your city , town , state , etc .
I believe a public application like Moderator can make civil participation significantly higher in local governments . "
Right now , Moderator is a fairly one - dimensional product .
Any user can sign up to create a " Series , " tied to an event or venue for which he or she would like to solicit questions .
Multiple users can be invited to be the " owner " of a series and moderate the questions that are submitted ; users who do n't have or want Google accounts can submit questions anonymously if a Series owner allows it .
Users then vote on questions , bringing a Digg - style social voting aspect as the questions with the best votes float to the top of the page .
Series can have sub-topics to help keep questions organized , and Series editors can post responses and answers to questions .
This makes Moderator a useful tool for getting answers to users who could n't attend , and Heath and Google are working on plans to expand Moderator 's post - event value .
" Eventually , we may add ' vote for the best answer ' or ' mark as authoritatively answered , ' " Heath explained .
" But those are still in development . "
In addition to being a project that 's so green that it is n't even listed at Google Labs yet , Moderator 's website and UI are very much works in progress .
For example , there does n't appear to be a way to view any kind of overarching list of active Series , and even a search box is missing from Moderator 's home page .
For now , the best way to get an idea of how early adopters are using the site is to refresh Moderator 's homepage , which contains a list of featured Series .
That will of course improve as the project matures .
Moderator certainly exhibits Google 's signature spartan design and appears to lack a lot in the way of bells and whistles , but its basic concept and pre-beta implementation are sound .
With mainstream media increasing its use of crowdsourcing tools like blogs and Twitter , Google Moderator could one day find its place among the handful of tools that John Q Public can use to get his concerns in front of the people who can help do something about them .
It may take some time , but Heath and his team have quite a bit of room to maneuver .
" Google was very receptive to me working on this project , as well as letting me basically recruit interns and other people to work on it as well , " he said .
" It 's truly a testament to the innovation here . "
Seven - time champion Lance Armstrong will come out of retirement and compete in next year 's Tour de France , VeloNews reported Monday , citing sources close to the situation .
Armstrong , who will turn 37 on Sept. 18 , will join the Astana team and compete in five road races , the sources told VeloNews .
He will compete in the Amgen Tour of California , Paris - Nice , the Tour de Georgia , the Dauphine - Libere and the Tour de France .
The sources told VeloNews that Armstrong will receive no salary or bonuses .
Armstrong 's manager , Mark Higgins , would not comment .
Sources told VeloNews that Armstrong 's comeback will be the focal point of a story in the upcoming issue of Vanity Fair , to be published later this month .
Armstrong , who overcame testicular cancer he was diagnosed with in 1996 en route to his string of Tour de France triumphs , has remained active in the three years since his retirement .
In August he raced in the Leadville Trail 100 , a 100 - mile mountain bike race through the Colorado Rockies , finishing a close second to the six - time defending champion , Dave Wiens .
It 's the country 's highest - altitude bicycle race .
Armstrong has also run the New York and Boston marathons and was set last month to run the Chicago Marathon in October .
Songwriters , record labels , and webcasters have reached an agreement on mechanical royalties for songs played on web radio services .
However , the " disastrous " performance royalty that threatens to drivePandora and other webcasters out of business remains in effect .
This article has been reproduced in a new format and may be missing content or contain faulty links .
Contact wiredlabs@wired.com to report an issue .
Interactive webcasters and companies that offer music subscription services will pay 10.5 percent of their revenue to songwriters and publishers minus any performance royalties already being paid to labels .
The move comes as part of music publishers ’ drive to start collecting mechanical royalties for compositions played online after giving online radio a free pass while business models developed .
" This historic agreement is the foundation for a new generation of music distribution , " stated president and CEO of the National Music Publishers ’ Association David Israelite .
" This agreement will ensure that songwriters and music publishers continue to thrive in the digital age . "
RIAA chairman and CEO Mitch Bainwol also waxed enthusiastic in the announcement , as did representatives of every other organization involved — the Digital Media Association ( webcasters ) , the Nashville Songwriters Association International , the label EMI and the Songwriters Guild of America .
For once , it appears , these various parties have agreed onsomething .
All that remains is for the Copyright Royalty Board to stampits approval on the agreement .
This marks the first time a mechanical royalty rate has been set formusic webcasters .
As opposed to performance royalties , which coverspecific recordings , these mechanical royalties deal with compositionscreated by songwriters .
The agreement covers " limited downloads " ( as offered by subscriptionservices such as Rhapsody ) and songs streamed as part of interactivestreaming services such as MySpace ’s new playlist feature .
In certain promotional scenarios , no royalty need be paid tosongwriters and publishers as part of the agreement , which all sidestout as offering sufficient flexibility to allow new business models tosurvive and thrive .
In addition , parties to the agreement determinedthat webcasters will not owe distribution or reproduction royalties tosongwriters and publishers for copies of songs cached on servers aspart of the streaming process .
In cases where webcasters and subscription services owe 10.5 percentor more of their revenue to labels and performers as part of theperformance royalty determined
by the Copyright Royalty Board last year , it appears webcasters willowe nothing to songwriters and publishers .
In cases where thoseroyalties are n’t quite so steep , they ’ll pay the difference tosongwriters and publishers .
This should allow enough flexibility forstreaming and subscription services to keep doing what they do whilestill compensating songwriters and publishers .
See Also :
Nondeterministic Regular Expression Parsing Library For arc By Conrad Barski , M.D. Sep 2008
Licensed under the GNU Free Documentation License 1.2 Hi Everyone -
I 've put together a little regex library for my favorite Lisp dialect , arc lisp .
The cool part IMHO is that the regular expressions are matched nondeterministically .
This means , the program will speculatively evaluate arbitrary code based on preliminary matches and will " roll back " if it turns out follow - up matches fail .
Such nondeterminism is straightforward in languages that support " call with current continuation " , but nigh impossible in traditional languages .
Check out pg's On Lisp for details on implementing nondeterminism .
The only common languages that have this ability are arc and scheme , a close relative to arc .
This code runs as a standard library on top of the standard pg arc implementation Another cool thing about this library is that it has what I would argue is the " canonical " arc style .
This style includes : Simplicity -
The most confusing part in using regexes , in my opinion , is the process of variable extraction .
This regex library uses a new concept for extracting matched fragments .
( Since nothing is new in CS anymore I 'm sure someone has done this before -
But it 's new to me , at least . )
The source code is also very simple ( Well , at least given the complexity of the problem - I had to write part of it in CPS style and implement a lazy list system for backtracking )
- The most confusing part in using regexes , in my opinion , is the process of variable extraction .
This regex library uses a new concept for extracting matched fragments .
( Since nothing is new in CS anymore I 'm sure someone has done this before -
But it 's new to me , at least . )
The source code is also very simple ( Well , at least given the complexity of the problem - I had to write part of it in CPS style and implement a lazy list system for backtracking )
Extreme terseness - Arc code should have as little visual noise as possible .
While this library is n't as terse as perl for string matching , it does n't require special syntax baked into the language .
Nonetheless , when used for non-trivial matching tasks , I 'm hoping it will still give perl a run for its money for readability as well as terseness .
This is because it integrates elegantly into other arc features and the flow of the code is easy to understand .
- Arc code should have as little visual noise as possible .
While this library is n't as terse as perl for string matching , it does n't require special syntax baked into the language .
Nonetheless , when used for non-trivial matching tasks , I 'm hoping it will still give perl a run for its money for readability as well as terseness .
This is because it integrates elegantly into other arc features and the flow of the code is easy to understand .
Onion Free -
This library has all the major " winning " regex features but is not meant to be fully compliant to any standard .
The goal is , instead , to leave out any crufty historical features of regexes that were added to solve problems that can now be solved in better ways .
Not much focus was put towards performance in this system .
From an " O notation " standpoint it should however , I believe , be equivalent to any backtracking regex implementation , such as in Perl 5 .
It seems likely , given Paul Graham 's comments on the arc language , that arc lisp will soon move towards implementing strings as character lists .
Because of this ( and because of the ease of list manipulation in arc ) this library converts any string into a character list before the match begins , requiring some extra cycles / memory .
Supported Regex Features
This library supports ' ^ ' , '$ ' , '. ' , '*' , '+' , '| ' , delimited repetition ' {} ' , character classes ' [ ] ' with negation and character ranges .
Shorthand classes ' \d ' ' \s ' and ' \w ' are supported .
It also supports parentheses for grouping , but not for extraction .
Extraction is handled by a different mechanism described below .
It performs regexes in " multiline " regex mode .
Single line mode I am treating as an onion for now .
Most other esoteric regex functionality I believe can be duplicated by the new features described below .
Examples
To perform a simple match , you need to first declare the target string , using the w / target command .
This commands binds the target string into a special regex buffer -
You can kind of think of this buffer as being like " stdin " .
The body of w / target defines the lifespan of binding .
Then , you can use re command to match a regular expression fragment against the target .
The re commands simply returns the part of the target that matched the expression ( using the standard " eager " regex evaluation behavior ) arc > ( w/ target " iiiix2yiiii " ( re " x.y " ) ) " x2 y "
The w / target command , like any standard lisp progn form , simply returns the final child form value -
In this case , the result of the expression match .
Things get more interesting when we use re several times inside of the body of the w / target command : arc > ( w/ target " iiixi3 ix2iii " ( re " x " ) ( re " \\d " ) ) " 2 " What we did here is search for an ' x ' followed by a digit .
As you can see , the two expressions are matched as a unit , meaning that the earlier digit ' 3 ' is not matched , since it is not preceded by an ' x ' .
It also did not fail when an earlier ' x ' was encountered .
In order to do this , the program speculatively evaluated the second re , then rolled back when it failed against the location with the first ' x ' .
We can see this by putting print statements in the code : arc > ( w/ target " iiixi3 ix2 iii " ( re " x " ) ( prn " I 'm here ! " ) ( re " \\d " ) ( prn " No , I 'm here ! " ) )
I 'm here !
I 'm here !
No , I 'm here !
As you can see , it got past the first regex match twice , but only once fell through the end of the function .
The first match led to a failure " downstream " and was therefore aborted early .
As is usual in implementations of nondeterminism , you 'll usually want to write the code inside of a w / target statement to be functional without any side effects , at least until you get comfortable with the strange control flow .
Since the code inside of the w / target body can be any arbitrary arc logic , you can use any standard method for extracting out your data .
In this example , we just put the three matched fragments into a list : arc > ( w/ target " axaaxxxxaaxxabtbbttttbbttb " ( list ( re " ax { 2,3}a " ) ( re " . * " ) ( re " bt { 2,3} b " ) ) ) ( " axxa " " btbbttttb " " bttb " )
Here , we 've assigned the res to some variables : arc > ( w/ target " axaa < foo > xxx / bar / xaax " ( with ( a ( re " ] * " ) c ( re " >.*/ " ) d ( re " [ ^/ ] * " ) e ( re " / " ) ) ( prn " b is " b " and d is " d ) ) ) b is foo and d is bar
If you want to match multiple times against the string , you can use the command draintarget , instead .
This function works analogously to the arc drain command , building a list of results until the target is drained of data : arc > ( draintarget " iiiiiaXaiiiiiaYaiiii " ( re " a.a " ) ) ( " aXa " " aYa " ) I 'm hoping you will agree that the features described here will let you integrate regex matching elegantly into any arc code you may need to write , assuming you have the good fortune to need to write some arc code .
Fancy Examples
Finally , let me show you some more complex examples that show you how to get the most from this library .
Here , we build a list of arc person objects using email addresses extracted from the target .
( not a comprehensive email regex , of course ) Notice also that , in this example , the re is in a completely different function .
This illustrates that there is no sleight of hand in this library :
You can " smear " the expression parsing across any arbitrary set of functions -
Nothing would stop you from writing a library of custom parsers you can reuse ( Note this would let you create something reminiscent to Haskell 's Parsec , if this is interesting to you ... ) arc > ( = text " asdweotwerw 2weroq bob.smith@google.com sdfa jsad; fj lisa.north@yahoo.com weqporiuasf9 " ) ( def name ( ) ( re " [ a - z ] + " ) ) ( draintarget text ( w/ table p ( re " " ) ( = p! first ( name ) ) ( re " \\. " ) ( = p!last ( name ) ) ( re " @ " ) ( = p!domain ( name ) ) ( re " \\. " ) ( = p!tld ( name ) ) ( re " " ) ) ) ( # hash ( ( tld . " com " ) ( domain . " google " ) ( last . " smith " ) ( first . " bob " ) ) # hash ( ( tld . " com " ) ( domain . " yahoo " ) ( last . " north " ) ( first . " lisa " ) ) )
Here we do something that may be impossible in a regex , possibly even in perl 5 .
I 'm no perl expert though , so I can't say for sure :
We are searching a string for words that are inverses of each other , also called " anadromes " .
We can do this , because we can use the results of earlier regex fragments to build future ones , dynamically : arc > ( def revstr ( str ) ( string : rev:charlist str ) ) #< procedure : revstr > arc > ( w/ target " zebra
horse
stage
donkey
egats
god
mouse " ( withs ( a ( re " ^[ a - z ] * $ " ) x ( re " .* " ) b ( re (+ " ^ " revstr . a " $ " ) ) ) ( prn a " is an anadrome of " b ) ) ) stage is an anadrome of egats
As a final example , here we parse numbers out of a string and skip over odd numbers .
We can accomplish this by using an additional function called re-fail which explicitly declares that a failure has occurred and that a rollback needs to be initiated .
Note also how the code mindbendingly checks for the ending bracket after checking for " odd " ness -
This works just fine , but you could of course reverse the checks for greater efficiency .
arc > ( draintarget " < 250 > < 232 > < 251 > < 23 > < 66 > < 33 > " ( re " < " ) ( let a ( read :re " \\d + " ) ( unless odd.a ( re- fail ) ) ( re " > " ) a ) ) ( 251 23 33 )
The unit tests for my library , so far , are pretty limited .
Please feel free to send me any failed test cases you may find -
This is just a little library I 've built quickly and for fun , so expect that there are probably still many bugs to shake out .
Download re.arc re-tests.arc Attention Lispers !
Keep an eye out for my Common Lisp textbook / comicbook " Land of Lisp " , which will be published in early Spring by " No Starch Press " !
Satellite radio is the open secret of the new media .
If you 're one of the 17 million Americans who owns a satellite - equipped car or home receiver , you have access to a staggeringly diverse variety of round - the - clock programming that ranges from reggaeton and Howard Stern to Frank Sinatra and " The Shadow . "
Yet for most of the rest of us , satellite radio is still barely more than a whispered rumor .
But now that FCC chairman Kevin Martin has given a thumbs - up sign to the merger of XM and Sirius , the two U.S. - based satellite services , the chances that satellite radio will finally become a major media player have taken an upward tick -- meaning that you may be on the verge of discovering " Theme Time Radio Hour , " the most interesting radio show to hit the airwaves in decades .
" Theme Time Radio Hour " is heard on XM's Deep Tracks channel every Wednesday at 10 a.m. EDT , then repeated several times each week on various other channels .
The host is none other than Bob Dylan .
Yes , that Bob Dylan .
Not that he has to vouch for his identity on the air :
The raspy , nasal honk of his voice is instantly recognizable to anyone who knows anything about American popular culture .
So is the fascinatingly wide - ranging musical sensibility that informs his program , which was launched two years ago and has racked up 75 episodes to date .
Each week Mr. Dylan plucks a topic out of the air -- colors , trains , death and taxes , spring cleaning -- and plays recordings of a dozen songs whose lyrics relate to it in some way .
In between songs he chats about the music and its makers , interspersing his gnomic mini-lectures with a cornucopia of old radio-station promos , celebrity vignettes and phony phone calls and email readings .
On a recent episode devoted to doctors , Mr. Dylan played , among other things , Jackson Browne 's " Doctor My Eyes , " B.B. King 's " Walking Doctor Bill , " Doc Pomus 's " Send for the Doctor , " the Rolling Stones ' " Dear Doctor , " the White Stripes ' " Girl , You Have No Faith in Medicine , " an obscure 1955 calypso song by Lord Lebby called " Dr. Kinsey Report , " and " Hadacol Boogie , " a jumping ditty recorded in 1949 by Bill Nettles and the Dixie Blue Boys whose subject was the once - celebrated patent medicine touted by its maker as a cure - all for " stomach disturbances , gas , heartburn , indigestion , nagging aches and pains , and certain nervous disorders . "
Mr. Dylan 's crisp , pungent commentaries were as listenable as the songs he played .
Toward the end of the show , he introduced a gospel number by the Five Blind Boys of Mississippi by gently chiding listeners who turn up their noses at songs on religious themes :
" Any time people sing about what they believe , it elevates it .
You do n't have to be a junkie to enjoy the Velvet Underground song ' Heroin . '
You do n't have to have horns and a pitchfork to enjoy ' Sympathy for the Devil , ' but it does help .
The thing is , it 's all music , and when the people believe what they 're singing , it 's just better . "
Part of what I find so engaging about " Theme Time Radio Hour " is that it flies in the face of the conventional wisdom about radio in the 21st century .
Teenagers and college graduates are less likely to listen to radio nowadays , a decline that media consultants attribute to the rise of the iPod , which allows its owners to choose from thousands of previously downloaded songs at will instead of settling for whatever a disc jockey cares to play .
The assumption is that under - 40 listeners are now choosing to withdraw into gated communities of musical taste , behind whose electronic walls they listen only to what they already know they like .
That 's how most of the hundreds of existing satellite - radio channels work .
Each one is devoted to a narrow stylistic sliver -- show tunes , New Age , old - school hip - hop , even 24/7 Led Zeppelin -- so that when you tune it in , you know just what you 're getting .
Not so " Theme Time Radio Hour , " which gives you what Mr. Dylan thinks you ought to get .
Nor is his taste predictable :
He likes nothing more than to throw musical curve balls , and if you do n't like the song he 's playing now , all you have to do is wait three minutes for the next one to come along .
Spawned by a bunch of Republiblog chatter last week " debunking " the " theory " that Wasilla forced victims to pay for rape kits , the National Review 's Jim Garaghty takes up his white armor and rushes to Sarah Palin 's defense despite — as Feministing 's Samhita points out — the basic facts are , well , facts .
I.e. , true !
But who needs facts ?
I know I do .
Fact : Sarah Palin fired Ira Stambaugh as Wasilla 's police chief and hired Charlie Fallon .
No one disputes this , and the judge actually sided with Palin that she was well within her rights as mayor to fire and hire police chiefs .
Fact : Neither Palin's predecessor , John Stein , nor Fallon 's predecessor , Irl Stambaugh , charged victims or their insurance companies for rape kits .
It was only after Palin took office and installed Charlie Fallon as police chief that the $ 15,000 line item in the budget to pay for forensic rape examinations disappeared .
Palin 's spokespeople insist she had no knowledge , but budget documents reflect that she signed off on the recission .
Fact :
In 2000 , the Alaska legislature passed a bill requiring that neither a victim nor their insurance company be charged for performing forensic rape examinations , as Wasilla was doing .
At the time , when called for comment , Fallon said , " In the past we 've charged the cost of exams to the victims insurance company when possible .
I just do n't want to see any more burden put on the taxpayer . "
He also added , " The forensic exam is just one part of the equation .
I 'd like to see the courts make these people pay restitution for these things . "
So , let 's call a spade a spade .
The Palin Administration in Wasilla definitely removed an item from the budget that the previous administration used to pay for forensic rape examinations , which are done at hospitals with medical personnel .
Fallon defended Wasilla 's policy .
Period .
Does it mean that Palin hates rape victims , blames them for their assaults , etc . ?
No .
Like many a Republican before her , she was shifting the cost of a government service off her books and onto others ( in this case , she planned on health insurance providers and Medicaid picking up Wasilla 's slack ) .
That it was done with little reflection on the potential ramifications to health insurance companies or the hospitals , the possibility of having one 's insurance revoked for utilizing it for an expensive emergency room visit or the 15 % of Americans ( including Alaskans ) who lack health insurance , among other things , makes it bad policy — but it does n't make her a bad person .
An uninsightful one with an inability to consider the potential unintended consequences of her actions , perhaps , but not a rape - promoter .
But , of course , it 's that meme that got the Republicans all a - flutter , and gave them the opening to launch their ( poorly armed ) counter - offensive .
Jim Geraghty 's first line says it all :
Liberal bloggers have cited the story of Wasilla charging victims for rape kits as evidence that as mayor , Sarah Palin backed cruel and insensitive policies .
Advertisement
But let 's debunk his points anyway .
Jim Geraghty says : " Wasilla was not mentioned in any of the hearings [ held in 2000 before passing the bill ] . "
Fair enough , it probably was n't .
The bill 's sponsor , former Representative Eric Croft , recalls that he was asked to sponsor the legislation to shame several small municipalities into paying for rape kits , a recollection backed up by forensic nurse Tara Henry , who added that Fallon was alone in his shameless defense of billing the procedures to victims ' insurance companies .
In other words , like much state legislation , the bill was introduced for the purpose of highlighting the problem and forcing police departments not to be assholes , and Fallon alone stood up in defense of assholery .
That they did n't shame him by name — though , given the Frontiersman article , he seems to have had little shame about it — is not proof that it did n't happen in Wasilla or that Sarah Palin 's Administration was n't the impetus for doing so .
Obviously .
Jim Geraghty says : " The deputy commissioner of Alaska 's Department of Public Safety told the State Affairs Committee that he has never found a police agency that has billed a victim . "
Um , well , it 's because they would n't have billed victims anyway , they simply stopped paying the hospitals and the hospitals billed the victims .
Oh , look !
Fallon never hand - delivered a bill to a rape victim !
He must be innocent !
Bush has never tortured a Guantanamo detainee , either , but it does n't mean that his actions as President have n't directly led to people being tortured .
In fact , Geraghty even admits that the hospitals would 've done the billing directly , but neglects to note that every person who has insurance coverage has a co-pay ( which means that every person billed by the hospital for a forensic rape examination had an out - of - pocket expense ) and 15 % of the country does n't have health insurance .
It 's ludicrous to suggest that somehow in a market economy no one paid for these exams — and , from Wasilla 's own budgets , we sure as hell know Wasilla did n't pay for them .
Jim Geraghty says : ( quoting Trisha Gentile , executive director of the Council on Domestic Violence & Sexual Assault ) that the hospitals " have chosen to separate some of the costs of sexual - assault exams .
Hospitals are adding sexually - transmitted - disease ( STD ) and blood tests to the cost of sexual - assault exams , and the hospital makes a choice to bill the victim for those charges . "
Well , now , here 's where I 'm going to disagree with Trisha and Jim at the same time .
Watch : it 's easy !
When I had my rape kit performed , in fact , they did take blood to perform tests for STDs and check for the presence of alcohol and date rape drugs .
That 's actually part of the evidence .
Because if I get an STD from a perpetrator ( something you can't learn until well after your rape kit , since your body would just be in the process of getting infected after an assault ) who knew he had one , then the rapist can be charged with an additional crime — so checking for current STDs provides a baseline for the police to know that information .
The forensic nurse also collected blood and urine to check my BAC and for the presence of any drugs , date - rape or otherwise , in my system as part of the forensic examination .
Believe me , it was n't a fun little helpful extra thing the hospital saw fit to provide .
The one thing I was offered of medical value at the hospital that performed my forensic rape examination that had nothing to do with the police investigation , though ?
The morning after pill .
And we all know how Sarah Palin feels about rape and abortion .
But even in 2000 , the morning after pill ( aka , Plan B ) did n't cost $ 300 - $ 1,200 .
My records from the summer of 2000 ( when I had to use it following a condom break ) was that it cost me and my insurance company less than $ 50 .
Basically , Jim Geraghty does n't have a leg to stand on in his " refutations " of our " liberal blogger " arguments that the city of Wasilla , while Sarah Palin was mayor , stopped paying for forensic rape examinations .
That Charlie Fallon was n't personally delivering bills to crying victims is no vindication for the Palin Administration in this matter .
Unfortunately , he does have a point in that none of this proves anything about Sarah Palin 's personal motivations for doing so or her personal feelings about rape victims .
Of course , I also think it 's a better attack to wonder whether she is either lying about not knowing what Fallon was doing under her leadership , or whether her leadership of the city of Wasilla was so lax that she actually did n't know that he was arguing with the legislature and giving quotes to the local paper about his actions .
Let Jim Geraghty fact check that , ' cause it 's gotta be one or the other .
Wasilla Debunking Kit [ National Review ] Trying To Fact Check Sarah Palin On Rape Kits [ Feministing ]
The Reform Candidate ?
[ Washington Independent ] New Evidence : Palin Had Direct Role In Charging Rape Victims For Exams [ Huffington Post ] Knowles Signs Sexual Assault Bill [ Mat - Su Valley Frontiersman ]
Palin On Abortion : I 'd Oppose Even If My Own Daughter Was Raped [ Huffington Post ]
CHICAGO ( Reuters ) - Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama ’s fundraising machine rolls on with a record $ 66 million in August and 500,000 new donors added to the ranks , a campaign spokesman said on Sunday .
US Democratic presidential nominee Senator Barack Obama ( D - IL ) speaks to the audience during a rally at Veterans Memorial Park in Manchester , New Hampshire , September 13 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Neal Hamberg
Obama was running even or slightly behind his Republican rival John McCain in opinion polls but led him in the fundraising race through the summer .
Obama has decided not to take public funds for the final two months leading up to the November 4 election so will need to spend some of that time raising cash .
McCain is taking public financing so will receive $ 84 million from a government presidential election fund .
Obama spokesman Bill Burton said the August figure was helped by 500,000 new donors .
The tally for the latest month exceeded the $ 55 million for February , which marked a record for the Illinois senator and an all - time high for any presidential candidate during a primary .
The Obama campaign said its cash on hand at the end of August was more than $ 77 million and that its total number of donors is now 2.5 million .
In his last month of private fundraising , McCain took in $ 47 million in August , a record for the Arizona senator and a number that was helped by his announcement of his running mate , Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin .
Obama took the day off from the campaign trail and stayed at home in Chicago .
The night before , he canceled an appearance on NBC’s “ Saturday Night Live ” because he did not want to be making jokes while Hurricane Ike was ravishing Texas this weekend .
McCain was campaigning in the northern swing state of New Hampshire where he attended a NASCAR race , a sport usually more associated with Republican strongholds in the South .
He toured the garage area and shook hands with the drivers .
“ It ’s great to be back in New Hampshire , ” McCain told the race crowd .
McCain ’s win in the New Hampshire primary gave a boost to his campaign in January and got him back on track for the nomination .
He was to join up again this week with Palin , who has swelled crowds and brought enthusiasm to rallies when she appear with McCain .
They separated last week so that Palin could conduct her first media interview since her surprise pick for the No. 2 spot and some campaigning on her own .
Palin was the subject on Sunday of stories in The New York Times and The Washington Post looking into her record as mayor of Wasilla , Alaska , and governor of the state .
The stories portrayed her as an executive who valued secrecy and loyalty and took disagreements very personally .
“ Throughout her political career , she has pursued vendettas , fired officials who crossed her and sometimes blurred the line between government and personal grievance , ” the Times said based on public documents and 60 interviews .
The newspapers said her style left some with bad feelings and she had appointed many of her school chums to major government posts .
The Times said she appointed a high school classmate to a $ 95,000 - a- year job at the State Division of Agriculture after she cited her childhood love of cows as a qualification for the job .
“ When you defeat an incumbent mayor , defeat an incumbent Republican governor and then defeat a former Democrat governor and sign major ethics reform in a state with a number of corrupt politicians , you make some enemies but the end - product is government reform , ” said Meg Stapleton , a spokeswoman for the McCain - Palin campaign .
So what would you do if the large hadron collider created a black hole that was about to suck the earth in ?
Most people would probably loot , but where to loot first , it ’s enough to give you fits ?
Well , this list will attempt to address this pressing issue and take the hassle out of choosing your next looting location .
Without further ado , the top 10 places you should loot in the event of a large hadron collider induced quantum singularity .
10 . Adult Video Store
Why ?
This is probably the only day on earth where you wo n’t feel like a complete pervert for going in here and even if you do , who cares right ?
Noone will be paying any attention to you , they ’ll be busy doing some looting of their own , so you can relax and watch your DVDs in peace .
And who are all these people to judge you anyway , they ’ll be sucked down the same black hole as you and after that happens , I ’d like to see someone try and separate their self - righteous molecules from yours .
9. Local Ferrari Dealership
Why ?
Let ’s face it , this is your only chance to own one these babies , even if it is a looted one .
I know it ’s a bit boring to just drive a car around as your particles get torn asunder , but at least as you ’re compressed into a tiny ball of goo by the monumental forces involved you ’ll know that you looked damn cool when it was happening and were going really fast too .
8. Local Chocolate Store
Why ?
All these years of going to the gym working those pecs and lats or sweating your ass off on the treadmill , denying yourself that little bit of cake or that nice choc-chip cookie with your tea , well they ai n’t worth squat now .
World is gonna end , like really soon and all , so this is your chance to go crazy and satisfy your cravings once and for all .
Do n’t worry people are gonna care even less about this than they did about you perving at the adult movies .
Infact there will probably be a bunch of pigs just like you at the store gorging themselves to death on chocolate truffles and moose .
7. Local Gun Store / Rifle Range / Shooting Gallery
Why ?
Ever wanted to feel important and powerful , but were stuck in some country where guns were hard to come by or maybe there was a conviction or three preventing you from becoming a proud owner of a Smith & Wesson limited edition .
Well , no more of that , now you can loot your way to feeling like you ’re king of the world .
Of course there is a bit of irony in that your little guns pale into nothingness along side the titanic forces ripping the planet apart , but if you go into fits of orgasmic pleasure from the feel of a lady bullet in your hand , that irony will probably be lost on you .
6. Your Neighbours ’ House
Why ?
Cause you ’re sick of that upstart , yuppie no - good stock broker with his perfect little wife and perfect little kids and perfect little car and perfect little house .
Well , the end of the world is nigh and it is payback time .
Just go in there with a chainsaw or cordless drill or some other power tool and go nuts .
Do n’t forget to cuddle that 68 inch LCD TV , that you ’ve been coveting for years , before you chop it into so much compost .
The downside is you probably wo n’t actually get anything nice for you to keep out of this .
The upside is that your dump of a place will be the prettiest house on the block for the short moments before the whole planets gets mulched up into cosmic drool .
5. Church
Why ?
You ’ve probably been wondering for a while if hell really exists and what it is really like , surely it ca n’t be all that bad ?
But , in our society if instant of instant internet gratification , who wants to wait until you die of natural causes to find out ?
Well , since your body is about to be put through a fine , microscopic black hole mesh anyway , you might as well go and loot a church to ensure your place in hell is not taken by some wannabe drunk driver .
Loot a synagogue and a mosque just in case , you ’ll have most of your bases covered if you stick to the places of worship of major religions .
This way when Earth becomes nothing more than a skid mark on the universes ’ dirty underpants , you ’ll be living it up , taking a relaxing plunge into a lake of sulfur with all your best guys and gals .
4. Local Pet Store
Why ?
This one is purely to protect yourself from cosmic irony , the universe has a sense of humour do n’t you know , so you must perform a pre-emptive strike on it with some strategic looting .
You go to the pet store to find out which animal is local pet store ultimate fighting champ , last chimp / dog / snake standing is the winner .
This way when you get sucked into the black hole and the universe plays its usual tricks on you by transporting you into a parallel universe while at the same time fusing you with the nearest animal available on hand .
You ’ve made sure that your fusion buddy will be a mean canine with giant cojones and an attitude , rather than some random looser parakeet with a lazy eye and chronic diarrhoea .
3. Your Local Bank Branch
Why ?
Cause you ’ve been toying with the idea of doing it regardless of black hole phenomena .
Go in there and burn / steal all their records and release a virus into their computers if you ’re that way inclined .
This is insurance just in case by some miracle the world survives its brush with quantum physics .
If it does you might be labelled a fat , gun-loving , animal - abusing , anti-religious , pervert , car thief , but at least you wo n’t have a mortgage any more .
And you may have helped out a few more people along the way as a side benefit .
This hopefully , will make up somewhat for smearing the altar in the house of god with animal faeces .
Let ’s face it after the looting spree you ’ve been on , you ’ll be needing all the brownie points you can get .
2. Local Drug Dealers House
Why ?
You ’ve probably smoked a little joint or two , while hiding behind some shed somewhere , made you feel real cool did n’t it ?
Just imagine how hip you ’ll feel after ingesting a lethal cocktail blend of all the illicit substances you ’re likely to find here .
Smoke it , snort it , inject it , swallow it , hell absorb it rectally who ’s gonna judge you ?
You have like minutes left to live for goodness sakes .
In the seconds left to you , you ’ll also be able to place a bet on what will kill you first , drugs or black hole .
And if you thought seeing a black whole up close would be trippy , just imagine the trippiness overload you ’ll get from watching it up close while stuffed with more narcotics than Amy Winehouses ’ medicine cabinet .
Of course the sheer irony of being able to possibly see through time both literally and figuratively can not be understated either .
1. Local Nuclear Power Station , Then The Local Zoo
Why ?
This is more of a series of loots you ’ll be engaging in .
But it is forgivable since you ’re working on the last ditch effort to save the world .
So first thing first , get your hands on some fissionable materials , do n’t worry about protective gear , if you have n’t figured the lethality of the whole black hole situation out by now , then cleansing through quantum event is probably the best thing for you and the rest of the world .
So , fissionable material in hand , head straight for the arachnid sanctuary at the zoo ( c’mon you know where this is heading , right ? ) .
You greatest chance of success lies there , since “ documentary ” evidence would suggest a decent chance of spidey powers being equal to the task of taking on a rapidly expanding black hole .
However this may not work , so once all the spiders are dead , your best bet is to move out from there to the rest of the zoo in a spiral search pattern irradiating every animal in your path .
Who knows koalas may have a destiny greater than we all could have imagined and have been put on this earth for the express purpose of fusing their hereto unknown powers to yours .
For such a fusion would surely form a creature most fearsome in mien and temperament , no black hole would stand a chance !
If you ’re gonna try this one , I suggest you avoid doing the other ones first , since they might decrease your chances of succeeding with this one ( you know the drugs and all ) .
Plus if you do succeed you do n’t want to explain to little Susie why Mr. Bunnykins had his head ripped off and used as a napkin by the pit - bull you ’re carrying around in your backpack .
Enlarge Pepsi Ads for Pepsi's special - edition Lemon Pepsi NFL Kickoff drink star Tony Romo of the Dallas Cowboys and Brian Dawkins of the Philadelphia Eagles .
The National Football League and the National Dairy Council are going to team up to promote picking up the pigskin — rather than pigging out — to students across the country .
A marketing pact between the two groups will be announced next week , and its goal will be to tackle childhood obesity by educating kids about exercise and good nutrition .
The dairy council , working with the league , will deploy the five - year , $ 250 million national school health program .
While the NFL will pocket a sponsorship fee , " The vast majority ( of the money ) is really tied to running these programs in schools and also tied to the National Dairy Council providing grants to schools that adopt these programs , " says NFL marketing director Peter O'Reilly .
Part of the deal is that NFL players will make school visits to tout exercise .
The groups will also create a " playbook " that outlines activity ideas such as flag football .
This school year , the program will be launched in about 50 schools in seven test markets .
It will expand to about 40,000 schools in the next few years , says Jean Ragalie , council executive vice president .
That partnership is one of the 20 major marketer tie-ins the NFL has as it begins the regular season .
The kickoff game was Thursday night .
The sponsors , including brands such as Pepsi , Samsung and Visa , collectively will spend more than $ 1 billion on NFL - themed promotions this year .
While most NFL advertisers target men 25 to 54 , a league link also can be a way to reach women and specific demographic groups , such as Hispanics , says Mike Reisman , a principal at sponsorship marketing agency Velocity Sports & Entertainment , which works with several NFL sponsors .
The sport " has broad appeal , " he says .
" The NFL and football are big parts of both small - town and urban America .
People really get drawn to it . "
Among companies looking to score with tie-ins : • The Dairy Council .
For five years , the group has worked with individual NFL teams to promote nutritionally sound fare such as low - fat and no - fat dairy products .
The new agreement is broader and more " comprehensive , " says Ragalie .
" We 'll work with all 32 teams plus the National Football League organization . "
• Pepsi .
A special - edition " Lemon Pepsi NFL Kickoff " soft drink is Pepsi 's first beverage launch tied with its NFL sponsorship .
Ads starring Dallas Cowboys quarterback Tony Romo and Philadelphia Eagles safety Brian Dawkins tout NFL Kickoff , which will sell through November .
• Samsung .
New TV ads play up NFL fan pride , as does a website promotion where consumers can send friends and family personalized , pre-recorded phone messages from celebrities .
Starting in mid-September , Samsung.com/HowISeeIt will let consumers order calls from famous folks such as singer Alice Cooper and morning show host Regis Philbin to help them " make their case " about why they need a new high - definition TV .
• MillerCoors .
The Coors Light and Coors Banquet brands will give away more than 200 pairs of NFL regular - season tickets in a promotion that runs through October .
Specially marked packages will have an entry code that fans can text with their mobile phones or submit at CoorsLight.com .
TV spots featuring former NFL coaches such as Brian Billick and Dennis Green will pitch the contest .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
By Julian Joyce
BBC News
John Darwin and his wife Anne have been jailed after faking his death for £ 250,000 in insurance pay - outs .
How and why do people go about vanishing ?
John Darwin thought he could get away with apparently drowning in a canoeing accident , and start a new life in a tropical paradise .
A new life funded by a fraudulently obtained insurance payout .
He eventually admitted his deception after an incriminating photograph - which showed him very much alive and house - hunting in Panama - surfaced on the internet .
John Darwin grew a beard and got a fake passport with this photo
The man who came to be dubbed Mr Canoe is n't the first to fake a suicide in the hope of leaving his troubles behind him ; former Labour Cabinet minister John Stonehouse 's staged drowning in Miami made the headlines in 1974 .
Others seek to wipe any trace of their whereabouts for their own safety , such as protected witnesses or battered women .
And the former Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic changed his name , occupation and appearance to avoid extradition for suspected war crimes .
He was captured in Belgrade on Monday after more than a decade in hiding .
Outside the system Faking one 's death is known as pseudocide .
And a score of websites offer tips and hints on how best to vanish successfully - providing advice on how to cut family ties , sell possessions and start up a new business under an new identity .
But for Darwin to disappear for five - and - a - half years takes some doing , says Frank M Ahearn , an expert in the art of vanishing .
A United States - based privacy consultant and " skip - tracer " , he has tracked people down for more than 20 years .
The hidden room into which he would disappear when friends and family visited , the beard disguise and the false documentation are all hallmarks of an elaborate pseudocide .
But Mr
Ahern says that Darwin tripped up by allowing his photo to be taken and posted online by a Panama real estate agent , and by acquiring a girlfriend .
" This may have put strain on the relationship between him and his wife .
Therefore , his straying was a balloon waiting to bust . "
Anne Darwin , who has been jailed for fraud and money laundering , told the court that she forgave her husband for having an affair .
But Nick Rosen , who runs the website Off - Grid to help people legitimately live outside the system , is amazed that Darwin was n't caught earlier .
His mistakes included returning home , and joining a local library - albeit under a different name .
" The one thing he did that was the right move , when he first disappeared he went to live rough in Cumbria for the first few weeks .
Well away from CCTV cameras , using cash , not using cards . "
Homeless helper
While what Darwin did was illegal , there are people who want to disappear for legitimate reasons , such as women fleeing abusive partners , business people in fear of kidnapping , and celebrities who want to avoid the media .
DISAPPEARING TIPS
Plan before you go Do research from different internet cafes or libraries
Tell no - one your plans
Use pay - as - you - go phones Apply for no memberships Cash is king
If you believe you are compromised , you are " Disappearing is quite different to announcing your death , " says Mr Rosen .
As most people need a phone , the first step is to get a pay - as - you - go mobile - but acquiring one can be a giveaway .
" Go to a town you 've never been to before , find a homeless person and get them to buy a pay - as - you - go phone so you 're not caught on CCTV .
" The other thing is not to have anything to do with places where records are kept - so [ pay by ] cash , or barter .
And if you have a laptop , use it outside places with wi-fi access that do n't have passwords .
Mr
Ahern adds that the internet has made disappearing easier .
HAVE YOUR SAY
This case goes to show that it is reasonably easy to create a new identity and to start a new life Maureen " The internet can make a person virtual .
You can open an IBC ( international business corporation ) and operate out of that . "
This means no addresses for shareholders and directors need to be publicly listed , as required for a British - registered company .
" You can use ' black ' credit cards that list no transactions , have a cell phone billed to anywhere in the world , own a virtual fax number that goes to an e-mail address and own property under a corporation . "
Witness protection
There is one group of people who are given every assistance in disappearing - protected witnesses who give evidence , sometimes against fellow criminals , and in return are provided with new identities , jobs and homes far from familiar haunts .
John Stonehouse was jailed for fraud after his pretend suicide The Guardian 's Duncan Campbell has covered protected witness schemes , and judges them by - and - large to be successful .
" As long as you keep your nose clean - and importantly make no attempt to contact friends and family - you can stay hidden forever , " he says .
He points to the downside of the internet .
" We now live in photographic world , " he says , referring to the snap of the Darwins posted online and found through the simplest of searches .
Mr Ahearn agrees that the internet is a doubled - edge sword .
" Technology and social networking sites are becoming friends of law enforcement .
In the US , police are locating criminals via MySpace and other social networking sites when other people post photos of acquaintances who happen to be fugitives . "
He imagines a future when the searchers track down the disappeared with increasingly sophisticated tools .
" I think that in the future law enforcement will be able to do facial recognition on the internet .
One day a cop would be able to scan in the face of someone like Darwin , and eventually locate him - wherever he is trying to hide . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Republican presidential nominee John McCain would criminalize a promising branch of stem cell research , according to a statement issued by the candidate 's campaign .
Though such legislation would probably not survive Congress , he might extend President Bush 's much - criticized limitation of embryonic stem cell research .
" I read the statement as a bad omen for stem cell research under a McCain administration , " said George Daley , a leukemia researcher at the Harvard Stem Cell Institute .
The McCain campaign responded on Monday to questions about stem cell research posed by ScienceDebate2008 , a nonpartisan science advocacy group .
In his statement , McCain at first claimed to support ESC research .
However , he said " clear lines should be drawn that reflect a refusal to sacrifice moral values and ethical principles for the sake of scientific progress " – a qualification that disturbed many scientists and bioethicists with its ambiguity .
McCain also took a harder line than the Bush administration with somatic cell nuclear transfer , better known as therapeutic cloning – a cutting - edge process that could some day provide personalized embryonic stem cell therapies .
Though currently legal , McCain would outlaw the technique .
The new stance is an abrupt reversal for the Arizona senator .
As recently as 2007 , McCain appeared to favor embryonic stem cell research more strongly than most of the Republican party , especially its most religiously conservative members .
" I believe that we need to fund this , " he said during a presidential candidates ' debate in May 2007 .
Since then , he 's become steadily cagier in his support , courting Kansas Sen .
Sam Brownback , an ardent opponent of all ESC research , and avoiding discussion of ESCs in favor of alternative cell types .
Those familiar with the debate interpreted McCain 's latest platform , which framed his support in the language of research opponents , as a signal that President Bush 's research - limiting policies may continue .
" He can not be trusted to be a supporter of embryonic stem cell research , " said University of Pennsylvania bioethicist Art Caplan .
" He is moving toward a straight pro-life stance and this sort of answer can only be read as such . "
The language of this week 's statement , said University of Wisconsin bioethicist R. Alta Charo , " is a close echo of Bush 's language used to support the ban on funding for work with newer lines . "
Under President Bush , federal funding is denied for all research on ESC lines developed after Aug. 9 , 2001 – the date of the moratorium 's announcement .
Only 21 such lines exist , and many of these are contaminated ; scientists say they are insufficient for serious research , much to fulfill their potential for treating a wide range of diseases .
" McCain 's answer is deliberately ambiguous , " said Charo .
" Nowhere does he state that he will continue to support expanding embryonic stem cell research funding beyond the Bush policy . "
McCain also denounced " the intentional creation of human embryos for research purposes " – a near - verbatim version of the Republican Party platform – and calls somatic cell nuclear transfer ( SCNT ) a form of " fetal farming . "
In SCNT , an egg 's nucleus is removed and replaced with the nucleus of a patient 's cell .
Under chemical inducement , it forms an embryo from which , after five days of growth , scientists can harvest patient - specific embryonic stem cells – the Holy Grail of regenerative medicine .
Under President Bush 's policy , SCNT is denied federal funding , but still legal .
McCain would make it " a federal crime for researchers to use cells or fetal tissue from an embryo created for research purposes . "
" I am researching SCNT and so would be considered a criminal if McCain gets his way , " said the Harvard researcher Daley .
" It 's a sad society that starts criminalizing legitimate science . "
Robert Lanza , chief scientific officer of Advanced Cell Technology , noted that the American Academy for the Advancement of Science , the National Academy of Sciences , and the American Medical Association all support SCNT .
McCain " would fine and / or imprison scientists for this work , " said Lanza .
Thomas Murray , president of the Hastings Center , a nonpartisan bioethics think tank , said that McCain 's proposition would almost certainly be rejected by Congress , which has repeatedly rejected ESC - criminalizing legislation .
Instead , he said , McCain was likely trying to placate religious fundamentalists .
" But if implemented , this could have quite radical implications , " he said .
" It 's a far leap from anything resembling current U.S. policy . "
The McCain campaign did not respond to e-mail or telephone queries regarding this story .
**
Image : Dan Bennett
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and Del.icio.us feed ; Wired Science on Facebook .
A part of the global food crisis is the inefficiency of current irrigation methods .
More irrigated water evaporates than reaches the roots of crops , amounting to an enormous waste of water and energy .
Tel Aviv University researchers , however , are investigating a new solution that turns the problem upside - down , getting to the root of the issue .
They are genetically modifying plants ' root systems to improve their ability to find the water essential to their survival .
The Root Cause of Wasting Water
When it comes to water , every drop counts .
" Improving water uptake by irrigated crops is very important , " says Prof.
Amram Eshel , the study 's co-researcher from Tel Aviv University 's Plant Sciences Department .
His team , with that of Prof.
Hillel Fromm , hope to engineer a plant that takes advantage of a newly discovered gene that controls hydrotropism , a plant 's ability to send its roots towards water .
Scientists in TAU 's lab are observing plants that are grown on moist air in the University 's lab , making it possible to investigate how the modified plant roots orient themselves towards water .
Until now , aeroponics ( a method of growing plants in air and mist ) was a benchtop technique used only in small - scale applications .
The current research is being done on the experimental model plant Arabidopsis , a small flowering plant related to cabbage and mustard .
Environmental Consequences Have Economic Consequences
Too
" Our aim is to save water , " explains Prof. Eshel .
" We are increasing a plant 's efficiency for water uptake .
Plants that can sense water in a better fashion will be higher in economic value in the future . "
There can be significant water - saving consequences for farmers around the world .
" We are developing plants that are more efficient in sensing water , " says research doctoral student Tal Sherman , who is working under Prof.
Amram Eshel and Prof. Hillel Fromm .
The project is funded by a grant from the Israeli Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development to Prof. Fromm and Prof. Eshel .
Ideas Planted in Darwin's Time
In the nineteenth century , scientists were already observing that plant roots naturally seek out the wetter regions in soil .
Although the phenomenon is well documented , scientists until recently had no clue as to how the mechanism worked , or how to make it better .
New insights from the Tel Aviv University study could lead to plants that are super water seekers , say researchers .
By E. J. Dionne - September 5 , 2008
ST . PAUL , Minn . --
Once upon a time , John McCain promised to be a different kind of politician and a different kind of Republican .
He was about straight talk , reform and nonpartisanship , a resolute foe of the slashing politics of the slaughterhouse .
McCain tried to get voters to remember that man in his acceptance speech Thursday night , the one who " worked with members of both parties to fix the problems that need to be fixed . "
But that man has disappeared .
The stage in the middle of the cavernous Xcel Energy Center was rearranged so McCain could conjure the feel of the town hall meetings he loves as he laced into " partisan rancor " and " the Washington crowd . "
Yet a set change could not disguise the fact that this convention -- including the big speech Wednesday by his running mate , Sarah Palin -- dripped with divisive ridicule as speaker after speaker worked to aggravate the country 's cultural schisms and replay worn - out harangues against weak liberals .
The Republican crowd here has gleefully played into the worst stereotypes of their party as a privileged class resistant to change .
When Rudy Giuliani referred to Barack Obama 's past as a " community organizer " Wednesday , the crowd broke into ugly , patronizing laughter .
These , presumably , are people who never needed a neighborhood advocate .
Imagine if Democrats ever reacted that way to someone who worked as an entrepreneur or a church leader .
And it 's unlikely that even a convention of the American Petroleum Institute would erupt into raucous chants of " drill , baby , drill ! "
McCain could not change his party , so he changed himself .
McCain has pandered to a Republican right wing he once disdained on issue after issue , from oil drilling to immigration to tax cuts for the wealthy .
Just as important , he decided that his last chance for the presidency rests on a systematic effort to make the old politics of demonization work one more time .
If McCain 's convention is a prelude to the fall campaign , he will leave behind a legacy of bitterness that will turn his promise of a new day into ashes .
His single most cynical act was choosing Palin as his running mate , " cynical " being the word used by former adviser and friend Mike Murphy , the Republican consultant caught by an open microphone .
McCain knows that the first requirement in a running mate is preparation to succeed to the presidency .
The choices he preferred , by all accounts , included Joe Lieberman and Tom Ridge , both plausible presidents .
But when it became clear that their support for abortion rights rendered both men politically toxic , McCain veered toward the last - minute pick of Palin .
McCain barely knew her , and his campaign misled reporters about the extent to which she had been vetted .
It was a political choice : Palin , McCain hopes , will help him win over women and rally social conservatives .
Palin 's address here got boffo reviews from many of the very " reporters and commentators " whose good opinion the Alaska governor dismissed , but her speech was as cynical as the decision to put her on the ticket .
She joined in the campaign 's fake populism by deriding legitimate concerns about her record , her knowledge and her governing style as the carping of the " political establishment " and the " Washington elite . "
She ran as the tribune of " small - town " Americans by way of suggesting that worries about her readiness to be president amounted to an assault on all who hail from localities of modest size .
She dared to compare herself to Harry Truman .
She then proceeded to distort Obama 's views on taxes , mock his eloquence and accuse him of wanting " to reduce the strength of America in a dangerous world . "
And she demonstrated how little she respects constitutional rights with this chilling declaration : " Al - Qaeda terrorists still plot to inflict catastrophic harm on America ; he 's worried that someone wo n't read them their rights . "
But these thoughts , of course , were not really Palin's .
They were words prepared by the campaign of John McCain , the unifier turned divider .
One night later , the unifier tried to come back , promising to reach out " to any willing patriot , " criticizing his own party , urging that we use " the best ideas from both sides " and pledging to " ask Democrats and independents to serve with me . "
It will be a hard sell because McCain has capitulated to the very Washington he condemned Thursday night and is employing the very tactics that were used ruthlessly and unfairly against him when he first ran for president eight years ago .
Perhaps the new McCain will somehow claw his way to the White House .
But it 's the old McCain who deserved to be president .
A single speech on a September night is not enough to resurrect the man who might once have brought the country together .
Healthy foods should be better promoted , the NCC says Supermarkets are offering too many promotions for fatty or sugary foods , campaigners say .
The National Consumer Council went into all eight major chains and found over half of promotions were for unhealthy foods - double the level seen in 2006 .
It said the increase showed how far supermarkets would go to attract customers during the credit crunch .
But the British Retail Consortium said the snapshot survey carried out in March was unrepresentative .
The NCC went into Asda , Co-op , Marks and Spencer , Morrisons , Sainsbury 's , Somerfield , Tesco and Waitrose stores in Sheffield and assessed how much they were doing to help their customers eat healthily .
It 's six months out of date , contains a number of inaccuracies and is a largely subjective assessment
Morrisons spokesman
It rated each on promotions , the salt content of own - brand foods , nutrition labelling , the prevalence of sweets at check - outs and the healthy eating information and advice available .
' Sadly disappointed ' Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The number of promotions , such as two - for - one deals , had risen to 4,300 , up 17 % since the NCC 's 2006 report .
But only 12 % for were for fruit and vegetables , far below the 33 % the NCC recommends .
It also says health advice suggests just 7 % of a person 's diet should be made up of unhealthy foods , compared to the 54 % found .
Morrisons were deemed the worst offenders , with 63 % of their promotions featuring sugary and fatty foods , up from 39 % from 2006 .
Sainsbury 's came top overall for the second time in a row , gaining praise for its progress on labelling and nutrition , and scoring highly on customer information .
The supermarkets all still have a long way to go to help customers choose and enjoy a healthier diet
Lucy Yates , NCC
Tesco , despite having the biggest share of the market , was ranked joint fifth place , while Morrisons comes last for the fourth time in a row .
Lucy Yates , who compiled the NCC report , said : " The volume of in - house promotions for fatty and sugary foods the supermarkets are all offering is staggering .
" We expected to see evidence of big improvements since our last investigation , but we 've been sadly disappointed .
" With so many of us buying our food in these supermarkets , their collective behaviour can heavily influence the nation 's eating habits .
" Despite their claims , the supermarkets all still have a long way to go to help customers choose and enjoy a healthier diet . "
' Ill - informed '
All supermarkets had made good progress on reducing the salt content of their own foods .
The Co-op , Tesco and Waitrose were praised for not having sweets at the check - out - but M&S scored zero for displaying a wide range of sweets and snacks at checkouts , although it says it intends to remove confectionery by January next year .
But Andrew Opie , food director of the British Retail Consortium , said : " The NCC 's one - off March snapshot is misleading .
Customers will have seen for themselves the current high - profile supermarket price war centred on fruit and vegetables .
" Of course ' treat ' foods are on offer at Easter .
What matters is the balance of promotions across the year .
The NCC would find a different picture in summer . "
However , the NCC said it had excluded Easter promotions from its study .
He added : " This ill - informed report will not distract us from our work with the Food Standards Agency and Department of Health on tackling obesity , work for which UK retailers are recognised as European leaders . "
A spokesman for Morrisons said : " We reject the findings of this report .
It 's six months out of date , contains a number of inaccuracies and is a largely subjective assessment which ignores the obvious focus we place on fresh food in all our stores .
" It 's limited to one moment in time and is not an accurate or useful guide for customers . "
Saranjit Sihota , of the charity Diabetes UK , said : " Increasing the promotion of unhealthy foods in supermarkets clearly fuels the ticking time - bomb of obesity in this country . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Before facing reporters the day after the catastrophic train collision in Chatsworth , Metrolink spokeswoman Denise Tyrrell called the agency ’s chief executive to make an unusual request .
“ I asked him to allow me to make a statement to rebuild public trust , ” she recalled , “ and I told him we had to be honest and upfront about what happened . ”
David Solow , she said , “ agreed ” with her plans to publicly acknowledge Saturday that a preliminary investigation showed the Metrolink engineer ran a red light before the commuter train plowed into a Union Pacific freight train .
Her teary comments and surprising candor elicited a flood of encouragement from Metrolink staff members and commuters from as far as London and Vietnam .
Advertisement
By Monday , Tyrrell had resigned her $ 86,000 - a- year post amid intense criticism from Metrolink officials and federal investigators who called her public comments premature and inappropriate .
But Tyrrell , 55 , has no regrets .
“ When you have loss of life , spinning is unacceptable , ” she said .
Clutching a cup of foamy latte in a Sherman Oaks coffee shop and fighting back tears during an early morning interview , Tyrrell said , “ I still feel I did the right thing .
We work for the public . ”
Advertisement
Although some officials began to defend her Monday afternoon , she said that she was particularly stung by Metrolink authorities ’ comments suggesting that she may have been emotionally overcome by the tragedy .
“ Essentially , ” she said , “ they ’re saying I ’m a woman overwhelmed by events and unable to control her emotions . ”
Tyrrell initially worked as a publications writer for Metrolink .
She became spokeswoman in late 2004 , five weeks before the second - deadliest Metrolink incident : 11 people were killed Jan. 26 , 2005 , when a Metrolink commuter train hit a sport utility vehicle .
“ My bosses said I did virtuoso work on that incident , ” Tyrrell recalled .
Advertisement
Last Friday , she learned of the 4:23 p.m. crash minutes after it occurred and she arrived in Chatsworth about 5:30 p.m .
For the next 10 hours , she observed a series of “ very disturbing things , ” and listened to chatter among rescuers carting bodies out of the wreckage .
“ The talk was that there was a very good possibility that we were at fault , ” Tyrrell said .
On Saturday morning , Tyrrell participated in a conference call with more than 30 agency officials .
Topics of discussion included the results of a preliminary investigation indicating that the Metrolink engineer had run through the red signal .
Advertisement
“ I advised them to get in front of it , ” she said .
“ I told them that since hundreds of people were already talking about it , it was going to come out .
I told them it was the honorable thing to do . ”
After the conference call , she contacted Solow , Metrolink ’s chief executive , and “ privately advised him to allow me to make a statement before the National Transportation Safety Board took control of the scene and shut us down . ”
As Solow confirmed Monday , he agreed , providing that she also point out that the investigation was continuing and the NTSB would make a final determination .
“ I gave her that authorization , and it was wrong , ” he said .
“ My direction in this matter was premature . ”
Advertisement
Solow declined to elaborate on “ a personnel matter now between an employer and an employee . ”
He said that he did not ask her to reconsider when she announced her resignation .
Tyrrell did not know at the time of Saturday ’s news conference that Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa ’s staff had gotten word of what she was about to say and advised the mayor not to participate , according to Matt Szabo , his spokesman .
As Tyrrell spoke , Villaraigosa stood quietly nearby , but off - camera .
Advertisement
Champions of honesty in government hailed Tyrrell ’s statement and said it may help relatives of the crash victims find closure .
“ Metrolink ’s acknowledgment was extremely unusual and a very , very refreshing change because this kind of acknowledgment moves everybody forward in looking for how they can begin to repair their families ’ lives and more importantly begin to address the causes behind the accident , ” said Kathay Feng , an attorney and executive director of California Common Cause .
“ Too often when public agencies get into embattled mode and shut down communication , that hurts the public .
They ’re not looking for solutions and you can see those problems recurring , ” said the state chief of the organization whose mission statement is “ Holding power accountable . ”
Others still view Tyrrell ’s remarks as premature .
Los Angeles County Supervisor Don Knabe , a Metrolink board member , said Monday : “ It would have been more appropriate to have said , ‘ It appears the Metrolink train ran a red light .
How it happened remains to be determined by the National Transportation Board , which has taken control of the investigation . ’ ”
Advertisement
But late Monday , the tides began to turn again , this time in her favor .
Michael R. Peevey , president of the California Public Utilities Commission , which is the principal state agency for rail safety , announced an investigation into the crash that would include “ interviewing the former spokeswoman for Metrolink who resigned from the agency , allegedly after her candor in assessing responsibility for the accident was questioned by her superiors . ”
Supervisor Mike Antonovich said through a representative that he plans to propose that the Metrolink board reconsider her resignation .
“ Denise Tyrrell is in the middle of a chaotic and stressful situation and we do n’t want her to resign under those conditions , ” said Kathryn Leibrich , Antonovich ’s chief of staff .
Advertisement
“ The supervisor would like to suggest that Metrolink reconsider her resignation , ” Leibrich said .
Tyrrell could hardly keep up with it all .
“ How did this happen ? ” she asked late Monday .
“ Just this morning they were treating me like an overwhelmed , menopausal woman . ”
--
Advertisement
louis.sahagun@latimes.com
carol.williams@latimes.com
Human cells somehow squeeze two meters of double - stranded DNA into the space of a typical chromosome , a package 10,000 times smaller than the volume of genetic material it contains .
" It is like compacting your entire wardrobe into a shoebox , " said Riccardo Levi-Setti , Professor Emeritus in Physics at the University of Chicago .
Now research into single - celled , aquatic algae called dinoflagellates is showing that these and related organisms may have evolved more than one way to achieve this feat of genetic packing .
Even so , the evolution of chromosomes in dinoflagellates , humans and other mammals seem to share a common biochemical basis , according to a team Levi-Setti led .
The team 's findings appear online , in Science Direct 's list of papers in press in the European Journal of Cell Biology .
Packing the whole length of DNA into tiny chromosomes is problematic because DNA carries a negative charge that , unless neutralized , prevents any attempt at folding and coiling due to electrostatic repulsion .
The larger the quantity of DNA , the more negative charge must be neutralized along its length .
" Dinoflagellates have much more nuclear DNA than humans , " said Texas A&M biologist Peter Rizzo , who collaborated on the research with Levi-Setti and Konstantin Gavrilov , a Visiting Research Scientist in the Enrico Fermi Institute at the University of Chicago .
Every bit of DNA must be properly duplicated and divided to facilitate reproduction and growth .
In humans and mammals , proteins called histones partially neutralize the DNA 's negative charge .
When histones wrap themselves in DNA , they become nucleosomes .
advertisement
Dinoflagellates are stuffed at the core with tightly compacted chromosomes , yet these organisms contain neither histones nor nucleosomes .
" What takes care of neutralizing DNA , to allow chromosomes to condense ? " Levi-Setti asked .
" Most biology books do not tell you . "
Other scientists had already identified positively charged atoms called cations as neutralizing factors .
They found that dinoflagellate chromosomes explode upon the removal of calcium and magnesium cations .
Levi-Setti has produced the first images of the distribution of these cations in dinoflagellate chromosomes .
These images verify that cations , mainly of calcium and magnesium , neutralize DNA 's enormous negative charge , and further suggest a critical role in folding the protein as well .
The finding raises questions about the evolution of chromosomes , Rizzo said .
" Did dinoflagellates once have histones and then lost them ?
Or did dinoflagellates never have histones and just ' figured out ' a different way to fold large amounts of DNA into chromosomes ? "
Rizzo asked .
The images were produced using a high - resolution scanning ion microprobe , an instrument that Levi-Setti developed in the 1980s jointly with Hughes Research Laboratories in Malibu , Calif .
For the last 15 years , Levi-Setti has collaborated with associates of pioneering chromosome researcher Janet Rowley , the Blum - Riese Distinguished Service Professor in Medicine , Molecular Genetics & Cell Biology and Human Genetics at the University of Chicago .
In 2001 , the collaboration demonstrated that cations play an important role in compacting mammalian DNA and helping chromosomes maintain their structure .
" Chromosomes would fall apart when calcium and magnesium were removed , " Levi-Setti said .
Wondering if there could be a fundamental evolutionary process at work , Levi-Setti extended his research to the fruit fly .
Like mammals , fruit flies belong to the pantheon of eukaryotes .
In contrast to prokaryotes like bacteria , eukaryotes pack their genetic material in a cellular nucleus .
Prokaryotes lack a nucleus .
" Cations play a very important role in the folding and charge neutralization of DNA in all eukaryotes , but more so in dinoflagellates , " Rizzo said .
" I find it truly amazing that in all other eukaryotes , histones help in this charge neutralization , and dinoflagellates constitute the only exception to this nearly universal rule .
It looks like this may have been the first and very efficient step toward the goal of neutralizing DNA , long before histones came into play . "
When this book from Jude Schell came across our desk , we just knew it was the perfect way to help supplement our sinful Best of Houston issue .
When this book from Jude Schell came across our desk , we just knew it was the perfect way to help supplement our sinful Best of Houston issue .
Get the most out of your experience with a personalized all - access pass to everything local on events , music , restaurants , news and more .
We use cookies to collect and analyze information on site performance and usage , and to enhance and customize content and advertisements .
By clicking ' X ' or continuing to use the site , you agree to allow cookies to be placed .
To find out more , visit our cookies policy and our privacy policy .
Linux has traditionally been regarded as significantly more secure than other common platforms , and in particular the Windows line .
Part of the security equation has been the lack of large numbers of malware applications , along with the difficulty of deploying those applications covertly .
That may well have changed last Thursday , however , as a commercial " penetration testing " firm released what may be the most difficult to detect Linux rootkit to date — under an open source license .
The company in question — Immunity , Inc. — released the rootkit branded " Debug Register " under the GPL Version 2 , as part of its Canvas toolkit for security professionals .
The rootkit operates differently than previous examples , eschewing the more traditional system call attack in favor of cloaking itself as a kernel debugger .
According to reports , the rootkit utilizes debugging mechanisms within Intel chip architecture — potentially meaning vendors like AMD are immune .
Regardless , every Linux user will now have to be on the lookout , as the availability of a pre-packaged — and open source —
Linux rootkit means that , in the words of one security researcher , " the gap between a script kiddie and a hacker just got a little smaller . "
Immunity , which is offering — of all things — commercial support for Debug Register , will no doubt find itself on the receiving end of a great deal of discussion — some , we suspect , less than civil — of the cost / benefit involved in the release .
Whatever is said , the one thing that can't be changed is the reality that easy , pre-packaged Linux malware is now in the hands of every hacker from here to Helsinki and back .
" I 'd been trying to get my figures to look less creepy , " said Mayer .
" This one has so much personality and presence , which helps . "
Photos courtesy Jeremy Mayer
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars
September 8 , 2008
It does n’t pay to have worked with the CIA .
Jalaluddin Haqqani apparently found that out after missiles fired by U.S. drones killed several of his wives , his sister - in - law , a sister , two nieces , eight grandchildren and a male relative in North Waziristan .
Haqqani is described as a Taliban leader with close ties to the dead Osama bin Laden .
“ A senior intelligence official said the militants killed were Pakistani and Afghan Taliban but locals said five of them were low - ranking al Qaeda operatives , including three Arabs , ” reports the Associated Press .
“ Haqqani is a veteran of the U.S. - backed Afghan war against the Soviet invasion in the 1970s and 1980s , and his extended family had been living in North Waziristan since then .
Haqqani ’s links with bin Laden go back to the late 1980s . ”
In other words , Haqqani was a CIA and Pakistan ISI asset .
Arab and Muslim CIA assets are often killed for their mistaken loyalty , as the CIA keeps no friends .
As journalist Steve Coll told PBS ’ Frontline , “ There was always a question about whether Haqqani was really Taliban , because he had n’t come out of Kandahar ; he was n’t part of the core group .
And it was quite reasonable to believe after 9/11 that maybe he could be flipped ….
[ US officials ] summoned him to Pakistan , and they had a series of meetings with him , the content of which is unknown . ”
It appears Haqqani ’s family was targeted because he went off the reservation and was allegedly involved in a plot in April of this year to assassinate installed Afghan president Hamid Karzai .
As it turns out , Pakistan ’s ISI was behind the assassination plot and probably handles Haqqani and his associates .
So , while the corporate media attempt to make the attack near Miranshah look like another courageous act in the never ending neocon GWOT , the real reason for mass murdering civilians has yet to be revealed .
Let ’s call it what it is — another skirmish between two Mafia clans , one with trillions of dollars of advanced military equipment , the other existing somewhere around the 16th century .
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
When China launched its first microprocessor , the Godson 1 in 2002 , it was n’t much of a competitor to what Intel and AMD had to offer .
The 64bit Godson 2 , released in 2005 , still did n’t worry the Western chip makers , but the chip did start to pop up here and there outside of China .
Expect to see a lot more of them in the coming years , as the Godson 3 promises to be a chip that can compete head on with the big ones : quad - core , eight core version in the pipeline , and 200 extra instructions aiding in x86 compatibility .
The 64bit chip , planned for 2009 , will offer four cores , but it will also include 200 extra instructions aimed at helping people run x86 code on the Godson 3 , which is actually a MIPS processor .
Whether or not they have an Intel license to do so remains to be seen – Intel would n’t comment on the new processor .
The eight core version is even more interesting , as it promises to be a heterogeneous processor like IBM ’s Cell .
This means that not all eight cores have to be the same , so that you can , say , put a graphics core in the chip as one of the eight cores .
Intel and AMD are working on similar technology , with Intel promising to deliver it somewhere next year , not too far off from the Godson 3 ’s promised arrival .
China develops the Godson processors , also known as Loongson , to gain independence from western chip makers .
In addition , the chips are a lot less expensive than what Intel and AMD have to offer , allowing the Chinese government to make low - cost MIPS computers running Linux and other open source software , and distribute them among the Chinese people .
Seven months after Google began testing a service called Knol , a Wikipedia competitor , the company on Wednesday finally introduced it .
The search expert Danny Sullivan aptly describes Knol as “ Like Wikipedia , With Moderation . ”
Articles on various topics are penned by individuals , and in many cases , experts — not collectively by the anonymous masses .
Knol authors can choose to benefit from the “ wisdom of the crowds ” by letting others edit or supplement their articles .
But those changes make it into Knol entries only with the author ’s permission .
Knol , which , by the way , is short for knowledge , is making some people uneasy because it further transforms
Google from a search engine that helps people find content into a site that helps people create and publish content .
Even though it will make money on many Knol pages with its AdSense program , Google promises that the objectivity of its search engine will not be compromised .
“ We will treat Knol pages as we treat other Web pages , ” said Cedric Dupont , a Google product manager .
“ If there is a Knol that is the first place in search results , it deserves that place . ”
Of course , on many searches , it is Wikipedia ’s ad - free pages that show up at the top of search results .
Mr. Dupont dismissed speculation that Knol was designed as a Wikipedia killer : “ Google is very happy with Wikipedia being so successful .
Anyone who tries to kill them would hurt us . ”
There is a striking similarity between one aspect of the two sites .
The text of Knol articles uses the same font as Wikipedia .
Mr. Dupont said that is simply coincidence , as it is a commonly used font .
For now , Knol has only a few hundred articles , compared to the nearly 2.5 million in Wikipedia ’s English language version .
And for now , the best place to follow the debate on whether or not Knol is a Wikipedia killer is on the Knol entry on , where else , Wikipedia .
th , 2008 at 1:37 pm :
My God , Lethe you really are on a different planet are n't you ?
Let me clarify a few things for those of us on this planet , if not for you .
1 . I have made no statement whatsoever about the accuracy of the PCASS on this site or anywhere else .
I 'll assume that is technically correct .
But there are three possibilities :
(1 ) you think the PCASS accuracy is acceptable to justify its use ;
( 2 ) you do not think the PCASS accuracy is acceptable to justify its use ; or
(3 ) you are not sure if the PCASS accuracy is acceptable to justify its use .
If ( 2 ) is your position , then you 're for giving military people a tool that you do n't think is accurate enough to justify it 's use .
If ( 3 ) is the case you are doing what is not as bad : giving them a tool that only might not be accurate enough to justify its use .
But the vigor with which you attacked George makes me think that you are not agnostic about the usefulness of the device .
Which is the case , Mr. Webb ?
Is it accurate enough to use or not ?
If it is not accurate enough to use , why do you want it to be used ?
If you do think it is accurate enough to be used , why complain that I say you think it is accurate enough to be used ?
on May 6th , 2008 at 1:37 pm :
4 . As for those damnig admissions you attribute to me , you must be hearing or seeing things the rest of us do n't .
I am just looking at the consequences of what you 're saying -- I 'm actually taking you seriously , sir .
You are obviously upset with George for posting critical material on the PCASS online and say that he is giving aid and comfort to our enemies ( the definition of treason , which you accused him of ) .
How ?
By merely saying that the PCASS is not very accurate ?
Or by giving information on how it can be beaten ?
From your statements it seems the later is more likely to be your position .
But if the information does not in fact help bad guys ( or anyone else ) beat the PCASS , why be upset about it ?
If I posted a thread saying you could beat the PCASS by eating a peanut butter and jelly sandwich for breakfast the day you are tested , would that be treason ?
No , because it does n't give any help to our enemies ; it is a ridiculous claim .
Only if you think the information really can be used to diminish the accuracy of the PCASS would you claim he is giving aid and comfort to the enemy .
Your colleague , Sackett , also is not very good at logic .
It 's a common failing among members of your guild .
Anyway , did you vote today ?
If so , I hope you put more thought into casting your ballot than you do about arguments and claims that you post here .
Best wishes .
skip .webb wrote on May 6 , 2008 at 1:37 pm: I 'll assume that is technically correct .
But there are three possibilities :
If ( 2 ) is your position , then you 're for giving military people a tool that you do n't think is accurate enough to justify it 's use .
If ( 3 ) is the case you are doing what is not as bad : giving them a tool that only might not be accurate enough to justify its use .
But the vigor with which you attacked George makes me think that you are not agnostic about the usefulness of the device .
Which is the case , Mr. Webb ?
Is it accurate enough to use or not ?
If it is not accurate enough to use , why do you want it to be used ?
If you do think it is accurate enough to be used , why complain that I say you think it is accurate enough to be used ?
skip.webb wrote on May 6 , 2008 at 1:37 pm: I am just looking at the consequences of what you 're saying -- I 'm actually taking you seriously , sir .
You are obviously upset with George for posting critical material on the PCASS online and say that he is giving aid and comfort to our enemies ( the definition of treason , which you accused him of ) .
How ?
By merely saying that the PCASS is not very accurate ?
Or by giving information on how it can be beaten ?
From your statements it seems the later is more likely to be your position .
But if the information does not in fact help bad guys ( or anyone else ) beat the PCASS , why be upset about it ?
If I posted a thread saying you could beat the PCASS by eating a peanut butter and jelly sandwich for breakfast the day you are tested , would that be treason ?
No , because it does n't give any help to our enemies ; it is a ridiculous claim .
Only if you think the information really can be used to diminish the accuracy of the PCASS would you claim he is giving aid and comfort to the enemy .
Your colleague , Sackett , also is not very good at logic .
It 's a common failing among members of your guild .
Anyway , did you vote today ?
If so , I hope you put more thought into casting your ballot than you do about arguments and claims that you post here .
Best wishes .
Tiny ships loaded with a cargo that can identify and destroy cancerous tumors are being tested on mice and could one day ply the human bloodstream .
" These mother ships are only 50 nanometers in diameter , or 1,000 times smaller than the diameter of a human hair , and are equipped with an array of molecules on their surfaces that enable them to find and penetrate tumor cells in the body , " explained biochemist Michael Sailor at the University of California , San Diego .
Sailor explains how these microscopic ships of destruction would sail through the body unnoticed : " The idea involves encapsulating imaging agents and drugs into a protective ' mother ship ' that evades the natural processes that normally would remove these payloads if they were unprotected . "
Metaphors and coincidental surnames aside , the idea is another important step in a broad effort by many researchers in several fields in recent years , all aimed at targeting tumors more efficiently by delivering no more drugs than necessary and getting them inside tumors so as not to destroy healthy cells .
" Many drugs look promising in the laboratory , but fail in humans because they do not reach the diseased tissue in time or at concentrations high enough to be effective , " said co-researcher Sangeeta Bhatia , a physician and bioengineer at MIT .
" These drugs do n't have the capability to avoid the body 's natural defenses or to discriminate their intended targets from healthy tissues .
In addition , we lack the tools to detect diseases such as cancer at the earliest stages of development , when therapies can be most effective . "
The hulls of the ships are created with specially modified lipids ( a type of energy - storing fat ) designed to mimic lipids that cover natural cells , allowing the ships to avoid the radar body 's immune system .
The stealth construction was tested on mice , and the ships sailed for hours before being destroyed .
The ships were loaded with an anti-cancer drug plus superparamagnetic iron oxide and fluorescent quantum dots .
The iron oxide nanoparticles allow the ships to show up in a Magnetic Resonance Imaging , or MRI , scan , while the quantum dots can be seen by a fluorescence scanner .
" One can imagine a surgeon identifying the specific location of a tumor in the body before surgery with an MRI scan , then using fluorescence imaging to find and remove all parts of the tumor during the operation , " Sailor said .
" This study provides the first example of a single nanomaterial used for simultaneous drug delivery and multimode imaging of diseased tissue in a live animal , " said Ji-Ho Park , a graduate student in Sailor 's laboratory who was part of the team .
The research , detailed in the journal Angewandte Chemie in Germany , was financed by a grant from the U.S. National Cancer Institute , which is part of the National Institutes of Health .
Hilzoy reported this the other day but it mostly went unnoticed .
Crooks and Liars brought it to the forefront again today .
Jonah Goldberg at the National Review Online ( no link provided – use The Google should you care to torture yourself ) stated , in response to Barack Obama ’s 1984 campaign ad :
Does anyone know why McCain does n’t use a computer or email ?
As a couple readers suggested to me , it might be because his injuries prevent it .
I mean he ca n’t lift his arms much higher than his chest and it looks like he has all sorts of other mobility problems with them .
Maybe he can’t type or use something like a blackberry .
I do n’t know .
But I hope the Obama campaign found out before they played the granpa Simpson card on McCain .
I ’d hate for Obama to be mocking a veteran ’s disability to score cheap points .
Apparently , John McCain , a man of means beyond the majority of disabled American citizens , has never heard of things such as Dragon Speaking or the vast number of other software applications which allow people who need assistance to use modern technology .
Like this man .
And while this is not really Steven Hawking , the point remains valid .
: : : : : : : : : :
Tags
[ An MP3 version of this article , read by the author , is available for download . ]
In The Constitution of Liberty , Friedrich Hayek gave a dire prognosis for the future of technology : " [ W ]e are probably only at the threshold of an age in which the technological possibilities of mind control are likely to grow rapidly and what may appear at first as innocuous or beneficial powers over the personality of the individual will be at the disposal of government .
The greatest threats to human freedom probably still lie in the future . " [ 1 ]
Hayek , like most of the leading intellectuals of his time , did not foresee the emergence of the Internet — the quintessential Hayekian spontaneous order .
As a decentralized communication system facilitating the sending and receiving of messages by billions of people , the Internet has greatly shifted the balance of power away from governments and toward sovereign individuals .
Even in its early days , the Internet played a vital role in bringing about the downfall of the Soviet Union 's government .
Since then , it has catalyzed tremendous economic , social , and political liberation in countries ranging from Cuba to the United States .
While governments have tried to use modern communication technologies to monitor and regulate private individuals , their efforts are doomed to failure stemming from a much more powerful and competent market response .
Hayek Did Not Know the Internet
When Friedrich Hayek 's
The Constitution of Liberty was first published in 1960 , the Internet did not exist ; nor did its military predecessor , ARPANET , which was initiated in 1969 .
[2 ]
Fifteen years after the horrors of World War II , the means by which the totalitarian regimes of Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union used mass broadcasting technology to indoctrinate their people were still recent memories .
During the Nuremberg Trials , Albert Speer himself expressed the Nazi regime 's effectiveness at using technology to spread propaganda : " Through technical devices like the radio and the loudspeaker , eighty million people were deprived of independent thought .
It was thereby possible to subject them to the will of one man . " [ 3 ]
Faced with such facts ,
Hayek understandably feared future uses of mass broadcasting technology .
Indeed , in a world where the only mass communication technologies were radio and films , the scales of power were shifted toward totalitarian governments and away from sovereign individuals .
According to Christopher Kedzie , " Since traditional broadcast media are located closest to the dictator 's optimum they are almost certain to be employed as a powerful political weapon . " [ 4 ]
Kedzie arranges technologies along a two - dimensional continuum , with the number of message recipients from the technology on the horizontal axis and the number of message originators on the vertical axis .
Technologies like radio and television — especially in their early days — are particularly conducive to government propaganda , since the number of message originators is few while the number of message recipients can be in the millions .
Kedzie writes that " The optimal position , from the dictator 's perspective , would be in the bottom right - hand corner where everybody receives all of the leader 's dictates and none from anyone else . " [ 5 ]
Figure 1 " Kedzie arranges technologies along a two - dimensional continuum … "
Totalitarian states with the resources to control the small number of radio broadcasts and films in existence during the 1930s and 1940s could influence their subjects without major competition from their nonstate opponents .
Hayek was not alone in fearing the combination of technology and government .
In 1984 , published in 1949 , George Orwell portrayed an all - encompassing surveillance state that completely controlled not only the present flow of information but also the historical record . [ 6 ]
But Orwell also lacked the benefit of seeing subsequent technological developments and the cost reductions they entailed for ordinary private individuals .
In the words of Richard Muller , " Orwell 's error was remarkably simple : he assumed that only the state would be able to afford high - tech — an assumption shared by virtually every prophet , science - fiction writer , and futurist .
But it has proven to be wrong . " [ 7 ]
We do not live in an Orwellian world today , in large part because of Moore 's Law : " In 1965 , Gordon Moore , the co-founder of Intel Corp. , predicted that , every 18 months , the processing power of a silicon chip would double as transistor density increased , a forecast that has proven uncannily accurate . " [ 8 ]
This exponential growth in processing power has enabled cutting - edge technology to spread beyond the purview of governments and into the hands of over a billion individuals around the world .
Indeed , even technologies that were originally the province of governments tend to migrate gradually but inexorably into the private realm .
Through the 1970s , ARPANET evolved from a military communication tool to an increasingly sophisticated private information - sharing system .
According to Peter Klein , " By the early 1980s , private use of the ARPA communications protocol — what is now called ' TCP / IP ' — far exceeded military use . " [ 9 ]
In 1984 , the military handed over control of the Internet to the National Science Foundation ; just ten years later , the complete privatization of the Internet 's basic infrastructure took place . [ 10 ]
The story of the Internet is one of piecewise relinquishment of government control and empowerment of private individuals and organizations .
Unlike early radio and television , technologies with many possible message originators — such as the telephone and especially the Internet — are highly damaging to powerful governments , because they introduce competition into the market of ideas .
The telephone has its weaknesses ; the recipients of any given message are few , and it is possible to wiretap telephone lines and restrict their number — as the Soviet government tried to do prior to Mikhail Gorbachev 's policy of Glasnost ( openness ) . [ 11 ]
The Internet , however , is far more resilient .
Unlike earlier broadcasting technologies , the Internet has no central nexus from which it can be effectively controlled and restricted .
Tim Swanson notes that the Internet " is an amalgamation , an assortment of heterogeneous computer systems with varying capabilities linked together by various protocols . " [ 12 ]
It is impossible to silence the Internet by seizing pieces of Internet hardware — even in a concerted effort to do so within any given country .
In Kedzie 's words , " Neither the autonomy nor the influence of electronic networks is constrained by national boundaries . " [ 13 ]
It is entirely possible for a political dissident in one country to have his website hosted in a different part of the world — far from the reach of the authorities against whom he writes and speaks .
Furthermore , the ease of republishing one 's material online ensures its permanence and immunity to effective censorship .
I have personally observed the futility of even one major site 's attempts to remove content .
The online video - hosting site YouTube has on several occasions banned videos deemed " insensitive " or in violation of the copyright restrictions of major media firms .
Even though the videos and the accounts of their posters were removed , five other versions of the same video might spring up within hours on YouTube and other online video websites .
The more frequently the videos were removed , the greater was the public backlash — leading to a more massive flood of videos .
In virtually every case I have observed , the videos ultimately remained on YouTube and generated more exposure than they would have otherwise .
If a single site cannot effectively shut down the transmission of ideas on its own property , how difficult must it be for a large , unwieldy government apparatus to combat dissent spread throughout the world !
Some governments seeking to restrict the free flow of ideas have attempted to extensively limit their subjects ' access to the Internet .
But blocking online content is like using a sieve to stop the flow of water .
China 's government requires search engines such as Google to block content critical of the Communist Party .
However , such censorship is ineffectual and fails to substantively restrict access to even the most " threatening " ideas .
James Glassman notes with amusement that the Chinese government " blocks access to certain websites , including that of the Washington Post but not of my own far more subversive free - market technology site , www.TechCentralStation.com. " [ 14 ]
Even restricting access to virtually every major Western media source would not address the millions of online articles , political blogs , small magazines , videos , and audio recordings that Chinese and other government officials do not know and cannot know about .
Search engines that filter out combinations of provocative keywords still cannot detect metaphors , allegories , subtle allusions , satires , and even unusual turns of phrase .
Moreover , they cannot stop individuals from using the local knowledge of their friends and associates in order to find websites without the aid of major search engines .
Throughout his work , Hayek emphasizes the importance of particular knowledge of time and place in shaping individual decisions — as well as a centralized bureaucracy 's inability to access such knowledge .
Much of individuals ' awareness of content on the Internet arises from their possession of such local knowledge .
A Hayekian analysis would suggest that governments are powerless to even know the nature of this knowledge , much less to interfere with its transmission .
The Early Internet and the Downfall of the Soviet Union
To merely say that the Internet has made the effective large - scale censorship of ideas impossible would understate the case for the Internet as a tool of unprecedented individual liberation .
The Internet has the power to bring down oppressive governments — a power that was manifested even in its early days .
For instance , the Internet played an indispensable role in destroying the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics .
The USSR was destroyed not by the conventional means of invasion or violent revolution , but by the flow of information .
In the words of Shimon Peres ,
Communism fell without the participation of the Russian army , for or against ; it fell without having a new political party against the Communists — if at all , it was done by the Communists ; it fell without the intervention of the United States , Europe , China or anybody else … .
Authoritarian governments became weak the minute they could no longer blind their people or control information . [ 15 ]
Author Scott Shane agrees and writes that the " death of the Soviet illusion … [ was ] not by tanks and bombs but by facts and opinions , by the release of information bottled up for decades . " [ 16 ]
The initial visible stimulus for the flood of information that led Soviet citizens to question their regime was Mikhail Gorbachev 's policy of Glasnost , [ 17 ] initiated in 1985 and gradually relaxing restrictions on access to information and travel through the late 1980s .
However , Glasnost did not originate from Gorbachev 's good will alone — but rather from his recognition of a technological necessity .
In Gorbachev 's own words from 1988 , " International communication is easier now than ever before .
Nowadays , it is virtually impossible for any society to be ' closed . ' " [ 18 ]
Gorbachev faced the dilemma of totalitarian societies , as described by George Schultz three years earlier :
[ T ] hey try to stifle these [ information and communication ] technologies and thereby fall further behind in the new industrial revolution , or else they permit these technologies and see their totalitarian control inevitably eroded .
In fact , they do not have a choice , because they will never be able entirely to block the tide of technological advance . [ 19 ]
The tremendous ability of communication technologies to drive economic growth and prosperity implies that governments that do not embrace such technologies condemn themselves to falling greatly behind their freer counterparts .
Failure to at least partially permit the spread of recent technological developments could be fatal to a regime that needs some semblance of economic growth to be seen as a possible alternative to Western political systems .
As Kedzie notes , " a dictator who eschews interactive communications perhaps does so only at the peril of healthy economic growth . " [ 20 ]
If too glaring a technological and economic disparity occurs , this alone could generate enough internal discontent to result in a coup or a rebellion .
On the other hand , adopting the new technologies enables information critical of the regime to spread and become available in the marketplace of ideas .
Four years after Glasnost was adopted , the inflow of information revolutionized the climate of Soviet public opinion .
Government - propagated versions of history and economics became recognized as false and dishonest .
James
Dorn writes that
Glasnost fueled the people 's anger as they discovered that most of the things they had been taught about Soviet paradise and capitalist hell were fabricated …
With the increased information available in newspapers and on television , the new economic dissidents became a powerful force for dismantling the Soviet empire . [ 21 ]
The Internet came to have a vital role in spreading the truth .
In 1989 , Relcom , a privately owned network , emerged in the USSR .
According to Kedzie ,
Relcom ( short for " reliable communication " ) was implemented specifically to support commercial activity otherwise stultified by the intentionally constrained Soviet telecommunications infrastructure .
Supported by its own user fees , this network has blossomed to hundreds of thousands of users . [ 22 ]
Not only did Relcom liberate many Soviet citizens by enabling them to engage in economic transactions that enhanced their standards of living — it also gave them a forum for self - expression outside the purview of the government .
Relcom enabled its users to spread and develop ideas , immune from oversight and the need for prior approval .
Key to this ability was the very structure of the Internet .
Clay Shirky writes that the Internet is based on the end - to - end principle : " What made it worth adopting in a world already well provisioned with other networks , was that the sender and receiver did n't have to ask for either help or permission before inventing a new kind of message . " [ 23 ]
While even under Glasnost , the Soviet government exercised some oversight and censorship over the printed media , radio , telephones , and television — such control was impossible on the Internet by virtue of the Internet 's very design .
The most governments can do is filter major search engines — but engines like Yahoo ! and Google did not even exist in 1989 .
Hundreds of thousands of Soviet citizens became informed nonetheless through Relcom , which , in Kedzie 's judgment , " proved to be a powerful social weapon against centralized power . " [ 24 ]
Relcom was not the sole online source influencing the downfall of the Soviet Union .
More diffuse and personal means of communication — such as email — were also crucial .
In Kedzie 's words , " The international flow of e-mail messages strengthened the conventional media , which could no longer be deprived of outside sources for information . " [ 25 ]
While most of the public still got its facts from the newspapers , radio , and television , the journalists in each of those media often looked to electronic communications to get accurate information from the West and from within the USSR .
Facts conveyed through the Internet found their way into the pages of newspapers and onto television screens .
A wide array of technologies worked symbiotically to collapse confidence in the Communist Party :
Fax machines and photocopiers , video recorders and personal computers outside the government were no longer exotica but a sprawling , living nervous system that linked the Russian political opposition , the republican independence movements , and the burgeoning private sector . [ 26 ]
Nor was the Soviet experience unique .
At the same time , the Velvet Revolution transformed Czechoslovakia .
[ S] tudents were trying to coordinate the uprising across the nation and … were running a telecom angle … .
The Czech secret police were far too stupid and primitive to keep up with digital telecommunications , so the student - radical modem network was relatively secure from bugging and taps … . [ 27 ]
The Communist government of Czechoslovakia was overthrown on December 29 , 1989 , largely due to the efforts of technologically adept students with Internet access . [ 28 ]
Two years later , the Soviet Union , too , ceased to exist .
Social , Economic , and Political Liberation
The influence of the Internet has grown by orders of magnitude since the fall of the Soviet Union .
In 1997 , about 96 million people used the Internet ; by 2002 , the number had grown to about 650 million . [ 29 ]
On December 30 , 2007 , the Internet had an estimated 1.319 billion users . [ 30 ]
Along with this increase in usage came increases in convenience and functionality .
For every individual , the cost of sending and receiving information is a tiny fraction of what it was during the Internet 's early days .
According to Glassman , " Over 30 years , [ from 1972 to 2002 ] , the cost of sending 1 trillion bits of information has dropped from $ 150,000 to 17 cents . " [ 31 ]
Email accounts were expensive and offered only several megabytes of storage in the 1990s .
In 2008 , email accounts are free to users , and popular services like Gmail and Yahoo !
Mail offer practically unlimited storage that increases faster than mailboxes fill up with content .
Any individual can publish his ideas online without even needing to pay for a website .
Free websites offered by services like Yahoo !
GeoCities — along with hundreds of forums , blog hosting sites , and free publication venues — give any willing person a chance to share his thoughts , engage in discussion and debate , and build up his audience and reputation .
Websites such as YouTube enable users to easily create and share video content , while the emergence of high - speed Internet connections has rendered the uploading and downloading of thousands of audio files possible for every connected individual .
The commercial possibilities of the Internet are just beginning to be realized .
Hundreds of thousands of individuals earn money writing online through advertising revenue and commissions .
Through websites like Amazon.com and eBay , millions of individuals have access to books , clothing , technology , art , and entertainment goods that they would not be likely to find in brick - and - mortar stores .
Financial transactions can be seamlessly carried out online using services like PayPal .
Less widely known , however , is that individual liberation from government was an explicit goal of PayPal 's founders , as William Anderson explains :
The original vision that the creators of PayPal ( Peter Thiel , a hedge fund manager , and Max Levchin , an engineer who originally was from the Ukraine ) had in mind was a system that would permit people around the world not only to be able to pay each other via the Internet , but also to be able to protect themselves when their governments were inflating their currencies . [ 32 ]
Peter
Thiel is quite explicit about his desire to supplant government - managed paper money with a more reliable and easily accessible digital system of currency .
In his own words ,
Paper money is an ancient technology and an inconvenient means of payment .
You can run out of it .
It wears out .
It can get lost or stolen .
In the twenty - first century , people need a form of money that 's more convenient and secure , something that can be accessed from anywhere with a PDA or an Internet connection . [ 33 ]
Services like PayPal can bring increased financial security to residents of countries where inflation is rampant .
By having dollar - denominated accounts instead of accounts denominated in local currencies , individuals can reduce the annual percent inflation they suffer to the low single digits .
With services such as e-gold and other commodity - denominated accounts , individuals no longer need to suffer inflation at all .
They can , moreover , transfer money across borders without facing restrictions from their own governments .
As Internet commerce develops , more individuals around the world will be able to work and exchange money online — bypassing the economic restrictions and regulations of some of the world 's most oppressive governments .
Socially , the Internet empowers individuals as well , by enabling them to build firmer personal networks unbound by the constraints of geographic proximity .
A 2006 study by the Pew Internet Project found that vast numbers of individuals make extensive use of the Internet " especially in times of crisis when people use it to mobilise their social networks . " [ 34 ]
When individuals need vital information or assistance with issues regarding health , work , finances , and the government , they contact those of their acquaintances whom they consider the most qualified to offer help .
According to sociologist Barry Wellman , coauthor of the study , " Rather than relying on a single community for social support , individuals often actively seek out a variety of appropriate people and resources for different situations . " [ 35 ]
The Internet broadens individuals ' knowledge of the particulars of time and place by keeping them connected to more places at more times .
The Internet also helps individuals minimize the involvement of government in their lives by saving time even while dealing with the same bureaucratic red tape .
Instead of having to expend time and resources procuring hard copies of their tax forms , individuals can obtain , fill , and file these same forms on the Internet — without leaving their homes or waiting in line .
Electronic filing services such as TurboTax enable free filing and provide assistance to individuals seeking to comply with tax laws .
Now it is no longer necessary for most individuals to spend exorbitant amounts of money paying tax accountants and lawyers just so that they can " correctly " pay the government .
Individuals use the time freed from regulatory compliance to enrich their lives and develop their spheres of autonomy through work and leisure .
Politically , the Internet has been able to massively empower individuals suffering under oppressive governments .
In 2008 , Cuban authorities made a futile effort to shut down Generacíon Y , the blog of Yoani Sanchez regarding the realities of how ordinary citizens live in Cuba .
The blog is hosted by a German server — so the Cuban government does not have any practical ability to shut it down ; at most , it can prevent access to it from within Cuba .
Just after the government attempted to block access to the blog , Sanchez was awarded the Ortega Y Gasset Prize in Journalism — the Spanish - language equivalent of the Pulitzer Prize . [ 36 ]
The Cuban government 's effort at censorship generated far more publicity for Sanchez than she would have had if the government had simply left her alone .
Sanchez herself understands that the authorities are powerless to stop her .
In her words , " The anonymous censors of our famished blog have tried to lock me up in the room , turn my lights off and prevent my friends from coming in … .
However , the punishment is so useless that it invites pity and so easy to elude that it becomes an incentive . " [ 37 ]
Now even blocking access to Generacíon Y within Cuba has proven impossible : " Sanchez says the Cuban government periodically attempts to block her site within Cuba , though the problem is always cleared up within hours . " [ 38 ]
As of April 2008 , it seems that the government of Raul Castro has succumbed to the same dictator 's dilemma that Gorbachev faced in 1985 .
In order to avoid the embarrassment and upheavals caused by falling technologically far behind the rest of the world , Castro 's regime has greatly relaxed restrictions on ordinary Cubans owning cell phones and computers .
While access to the Internet is still restricted to Internet cafes open to tourists only , ingenious bloggers like Sanchez have often managed to sneak in wearing tourist garb . [ 39 ]
Other bloggers , like Eva Hernandez and Sanchez 's husband , Reynaldo Escobal , have followed suit . [ 40 ]
Cuba may be experiencing the beginnings of its own period of Glasnost — which will inevitably render policies of censorship and governmental repression unsustainable .
The Ron Paul Campaign
The political liberation brought about by the Internet is not limited to countries suffering under Communism and other forms of authoritarianism .
In the United States , the Internet 's burgeoning political clout was manifested in Texas Representative Ron Paul 's run for the presidency .
Ron Paul — an opponent of the income tax , the Federal Reserve , undeclared wars , lavish welfare programs , economic protectionism , gun control , the War on Drugs , and government surveillance of the general population — is perhaps the strictest constitutionalist on the American political stage since the time of Grover Cleveland . [ 41 ]
In the 2008 Republican primaries , Paul won from 3 % to 25 % of the votes — with second - place finishes in the Nevada , Montana , and North Dakota primaries as well as in the Louisiana caucuses . [ 42 ]
While Ron Paul is unlikely to win the Republican presidential nomination , he would not even have been politically visible without the Internet .
Paul 's prominence was the result of an immense grassroots network of libertarian and constitutionalist political activists , young people , and online businessmen who generated more Internet exposure for Paul than existed for any other candidate .
Without any central direction from Paul 's campaign , Ron Paul broke fundraising records in the " money bombs " of November 5 and December 16 , 2007 , raising $ 4.3 million and $ 6.0 million respectively in 24 - hour intervals — fed entirely by online grassroots donations . [ 43 ]
Although heavily marginalized as a " long - shot candidate " and shut out of debates by the FOX News Network , Ron Paul generated a tremendous outpouring of support on YouTube — where new videos of and about Rep .
Paul were posted almost every minute .
Paul 's number of YouTube subscriptions outnumbered those of any other candidate ; his name remains a top search term on the blog network Technorati ; it was also a top Google search term for months . [ 44 ]
Ron Paul 's campaign shows that the still - young Internet is highly conducive to the spread of ideas in support of free markets , private property rights , and individual liberty .
After all , Paul lists Friedrich Hayek , Ludwig von Mises , Murray Rothbard , and Grover Cleveland among his chief influences and has pictures of them on the wall of his office . [ 45 ]
He has consistently voted against any legislation he considered unconstitutional , earning him the nickname " Dr. No . " [ 46 ]
Moreover , a 2006 CNET News.com study rated Rep. Paul as America 's Internet - friendliest politician — embodying his stance for Internet freedom in his voting record more often than any other American federal politician . [ 47 ]
A politician 's advocacy of liberty , friendliness to the Internet , and popularity on the Internet seem to be linked .
If the ideas favoring sound economics and individual freedom have channels by which they can spread outside the influence of political and mass - media establishments , they will come to resonate with large numbers of people .
In the words of Stephan Kinsella , " free - market economics is true ; whereas socialist political and economic theory is self - contradictory , pseudo - scientific , and bankrupt . " [ 48 ]
Thus , when a thinking individual is exposed to free - market ideas , he will be more likely to accept them than not — provided that the ideas can be presented fairly and fully .
Kinsella posits a hope that the increasing accessibility of sound economic and political thinking via the Internet " will lead to an eventual enlightened populace that throws off the chains of statism as incompatible with the basic values of civilized people . " [ 49 ]
One can only speculate and hope regarding the extent to which ideas like those of Rep .
Paul will gain exposure and support via the growing Internet by the time of the 2012 elections .
Government Threats and Market Solutions
Of course , governments can and do attempt to use even contemporary decentralized technologies in order to increase their ability to monitor , regulate , and restrict individuals .
But they cannot succeed in the long run .
After all , the most advanced technologies accessible to governments today are fundamentally market driven , meaning that they are driven by the choices of individual consumers , who do not wish to be monitored , regulated , and restricted .
Whether a particular technology is adopted or rejected is no longer subject to the decisions of government officials or even firms in partnership with governments .
Rather , according to Glassman , " technology emerges from a process , undirected by the state or any other central authority , that encourages variety , spontaneity and discovery through trial and error .
The incentives that motivate this process depend on free minds operating within free markets . " [ 50 ]
Businesses cannot force technologies that consumers do not want onto those consumers ; if they tried , they would quickly lose market share .
Timothy Terrell notes a trend common throughout history : " Technologies that do not present the consumer with any significant cost or quality advantage will quickly disappear . " [ 51 ]
The only way a government can impose controls on consumers through technology is by sneaking around the market and establishing covert surveillance and regulation .
But if such a threat exists , the market will respond to it — and will do so more competently than the government .
Glassman observes that
technology also provides countervailing power .
While government may now have the power to eavesdrop on conversations a mile away , the speakers themselves now have the power to block the reception .
Government can intercept Internet messages , but the senders of those messages can encrypt them in a way they could never encrypt written messages . [ 52 ]
The people who design applications for private use on computers are either professionals who earn a living doing so or enthusiasts who , following a sincere passion , have exposed themselves extensively to such technology for years .
The millions of such people throughout the world , each working on his own project in his own way , can surely design systems that are more effective than any government controls intended to stifle individual communication and exchange .
In the meantime , many leading government officials remain astoundingly ignorant of even the basic nature of the Internet .
Alaska Senator Ted Stevens 's embarrassing characterization of the Internet as a " series of tubes " in 2006 has become symbolic of the depth of such ignorance . [ 53 ]
Stevens — who is no mere senator but the head of the Senate Committee on Commerce , Science , and Transportation , which is responsible for regulating the Internet — also said in the same speech that " an Internet was sent by [ his ] staff at 10 o'clock in the morning on Friday . " [ 54 ]
If the top Internet regulator in the United States believes that an Internet is a series of tubes that can be sent through itself , one can only imagine how much about the colossal variety of individual online interactions the rest of the government regulators do not know and will not know in the foreseeable future .
Conclusion
The historical struggle of individuals to escape from violence and persecution at the hands of governments is by no means over .
However , technology has increasingly come to be on the side of the sovereign individual .
True to the spirit of Hayek 's teachings , the Internet has emerged as a massive spontaneous order that nobody could have planned or foreseen .
It has gone far outside of its original military purpose and evolved into a global medium for communication , transaction , and liberation .
On the Internet , every individual who wishes to can be an author , artist , musician , student , businessman , employee , and activist .
He can run laps around the efforts of governments to catch up with his activities , and he can assist in bringing down the more egregious governments by exposing their errors , fabrications , and atrocities in the free marketplace of ideas .
As more individuals like Yoani Sanchez and Ron Paul emerge by means of the Internet , the inevitable long - term result will be a freer , happier , more prosperous world .
Works Cited Anderson , William L. 2005 .
" The Genius and Struggle of PayPal . "
The Ludwig von Mises Institute .
1 April 2005 .
Available at http://mises.org/daily/1710.
Accessed 26 April 2008 .
" Cuban Bloggers Defy Government Control . "
CBS News .
24 April 2008 .
Available at http://www.cbsnews.com/stories/2008/04/24/world/main4044051.shtml.
Accessed 26 April 2008 .
Dorn , James A. " Book Review : Dismantling Utopia : How Information Ended the Soviet Union . "
Cato Journal , Vol. 16 , No. 2 ( Fall 1996 ) .
Available at http://www.cato.org/pubs/journal/cj16n2-7.html.
Accessed 26 April 2008 .
" Glasnost . "
Wikipedia , the Free Encyclopedia .
Available at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glasnost.
Accessed 26 April 2008 .
Glassman , James K. " The Virtuous Circle . " Speech for the Mont Pelerin Society Meeting in London .
6 October 2002 .
Available at http://www.aei.org/publications/pubID.14370,filter.all/pub_detail.asp.
Accessed 26 April 2008 .
Gorbachev , Mikhail , speech delivered before the United Nations , New York , trans .
Novosti Press Agency Publishing House , December 7 , 1988 .
Hayek , F. A. The Constitution of Liberty .
Chicago University Press , 1978 , p. 216 . ( Paperback edition ) .
" Internet " Wikipedia , the Free Encyclopedia .
Available at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Internet.
Accessed 26 April 2008 .
" Internet Serves as ' Social Glue . ' "
BBC News . 26 January 2006 .
Available at http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/technology/4644666.stm.
Accessed 26 April 2008 .
Kedzie , Christopher .
1997 .
" The Case of the Soviet Union : The Dictator 's Dilemma . "
Communication and Democracy : Coincident Revolutions and the Emergent Dictators .
RAND Corporation .
Available at http://www.rand.org/pubs/rgs_dissertations/RGSD127/sec2.html.
Accessed 26 April 2008 .
Kinsella , N. Stephan .
" Only Technology ( and Economic Education ) Can Save Us . " Ludwig von Mises Institute .
5 September 2006 .
Available at http://blog.mises.org/archives/005567.asp.
Accessed 26 April 2008 .
Klein , Peter G. " Government Did Invent the Internet , But the Market Made It Glorious . "
Ludwig von Mises Institute . 12 June 2006 .
Available at http://mises.org/daily/2211.
Accessed 26 April 2008 .
Llosa , Alvaro Vargas .
2008 .
" The World 's Bravest Blogger . "
The Independent Institute .
2 April 2008 .
Available at http://www.independent.org/newsroom/article.asp?id=2160.
Accessed 26 April 2008 .
McCullagh , Declan and Anne Broache .
2006 .
" Grading Congress on High - Tech Cred . " CNET News.com .
2 November 2006 .
Available at http://www.news.com/Technology-voter-guide-2006---Grading-Congress-on-tech-cred/2009-1040_3-6131719.html.
Accessed 26 April 2008 .
Muller , Richard A. 2002 .
" Who 's Afraid of 1984 ? " 12 July 2002 .
MIT Technology Review .
Available at http://www.technologyreview.com/Infotech/12905/?a=f.
Accessed 26 2008 .
Orwell , George .
1949 . [ 1984 ] 1984 .
Signet Classic .
New American Library .
1984 .
Peres , Shimon .
Address at Foreign Ministry seminar marking the First Anniversary of the signing of the Declaration of Principles .
11 September 1994 .
" Ron Paul . " Wikipedia , the Free Encyclopedia .
Available at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ron_Paul.
Accessed 26 April 2008 .
" Series of tubes . "
Wikipedia , the Free Encyclopedia .
Available at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Series_of_tubes.
Accessed 26 April 2008 .
Serra , Elia Varela .
2008 .
" Cuba : Blocked Blogger Yoani Sanchez Receives Prestigious Award . " 8 April 2008 .
Available at http://www.globalvoicesonline.org/2008/04/08/cuba-blocked-blogger-yoani-sanchez-receives-prestigious-award/.
Accessed 26 April 2008 .
Shane , Scott .
Dismantling Utopia : How Information Ended the Soviet Union .
Chicago : Ivan R. Dee , 1994 .
p. 215 . Shirky , Clay .
2007 .
" The Internet 's Output is Data , But Its Product is Freedom . " 10 July 2007 .
Many2 Many .
Available at http://many.corante.com/archives/2007/07/10/the_internets_output_is_data_but_its_product_is_freedom.php.
Accessed 26 April 2008 .
Shultz , George P. 1985 .
" New Realities and New Ways of Thinking . "
Foreign Affairs .
Spring 1985 .
pp. 705-721. Sterling , Bruce .
1995 .
" Triumph of the Plastic People . "
Wired .
January 1995 .
pp. 101-158 . Swanson , Tim. 2005 .
" The Evaporation of the FCC . "
The Ludwig von Mises Institute .
11 August 2005 .
Available at http://mises.org/daily/1881.
Accessed 26 April 2008 .
Terrell , Timothy .
1999 .
" Hoodwinked by Technology ? "
The Free Market .
November 1999 .
Volume 17 , Number 11 .
Available at http://mises.org/freemarket_detail.aspx?control=271.
Accessed 26 April 2008 .
" Velvet Revolution . "
Wikipedia , the Free Encyclopedia .
Available at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Velvet_Revolution.
Accessed 26 April 2008 .
Thoughts , observations , opinions and rants from small " i " independents , who usually decide the more important elections in America .
Now , we are taking names and kicking ass ; all year , every year !
McCAIN SUSPENDS CAMPAIGN , RETURNS TO DC BECAUSE " THEY NEED A SENATOR WHO KNOWS NOTHING ABOUT THE ECONOMY TO FIX THE FINANCIAL CRISIS "
Satire by R J Shulman
WASHINGTON - ( PTSD News ) - John McCain announced that he will not participate in Friday 's scheduled debate with Barack Obama and that he is suspending his campaign until there is a fix to the financial crisis gripping Wall Street .
" I 'm putting my country first by going back to Washington to whip the economy back into shape , " McCain said .
" While Obama is being political and selfish by choosing to waste America 's time with a frivolous debate about where the candidates stand on the issues , I will be in Washington with my sleeves rolled up , fighting the economy until we win , even if it takes one hundred years . "
Barack Obama said that he plans to be there for the debate and told Senator McCain .
" Since Washington needs you so badly and you cannot participate in the presidential debate , just send Sarah Palin in your place .
She should be able to participate in the debate unless she 's called back home because Russia has invaded Alaska . "
" I think that Senator McCain from Colorado has correctly got it right , " said President [ sic ]
Bush .
" In fact , I am announcing today that not only are the debates called off due to the economy being bad , but I am cancelcating the presidential election until we get the do nothing Democrats in Congress to golden parachute my friends on Wall Street .
And while we wait , I have graciously offered to fill in as the President until all that economic fixing is finished . "
25 September 2008 Visit R J Shulman on MySpace *****
To receive breaking news alerts from us , click here or the icon below .
Email this page to a friend .
Permanent URL for this page : http://www.legitgov.org/shulman_mccain_no_debate_250908.html
CLG Index
A correction was made to this story .
Read below for details .
Linux creator Linus Torvalds has labeled makers of the OpenBSD operating system a " bunch of masturbating monkeys , " as part of a wider critique of what he said was self - centered behavior in the IT security industry .
In an e-mail to the Linux kernel developer mailing list , Torvalds said a section of the security industry was dedicated to finding bugs in software only to publicize their findings and gain notoriety .
The row erupted in the Gmane mailing list after a developer for the PaX Team , which patches the Linux kernel , accused Torvalds and other top Linux kernel developers of " covering up ( the ) security impact of bugs " by not clearly labeling them as security flaws .
Torvalds wrote that disclosing the bug itself was enough , without having to label each individual security flaw .
He added that taking the bugs to the " security circus " level only glorified the wrong kind of behavior .
" It makes heroes out of security people , as if the people who ... fix normal bugs are n't as important , " wrote Torvalds .
What was left behind for the developers were all the " boring " bugs , which Torvalds considered more important due to their volume .
" Boring normal bugs are way more important , just because there 's a lot more of them , " wrote Torvalds .
" I do n't think some spectacular security hole should be glorified or cared about as being any more ' special ' than a random spectacular crash due to bad locking , " he said .
The Linux leader went on to state that " security people are often the black - and - white kind of people that I can't stand . "
Torvalds appeared particularly irked by the creators of the OpenBSD operating system , who have focused on security and auditing when developing their variant of Unix .
OpenBSD is known to be used in high - security environments such as the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation .
" I think the OpenBSD crowd is a bunch of masturbating monkeys , in that they make such a big deal about concentrating on security to the point where they pretty much admit that nothing else matters to them .
To me , security is important .
But it 's no less important than everything else that is also important ! "
Torvalds concluded .
Torvalds ' comments drew various reactions from the OpenBSD developer community .
In an e-mail exchange with ZDNet.co.uk , developer Ken Westerback wrote that an interest in security should lead to fixing all bugs .
" As far as I am concerned OpenBSD is the project with the most demonstrated interest in fixing all bugs found , no matter how trivial , and to systematically examine all source code for instances of bugs encountered , " wrote Westerback .
" I believe that this is the bedrock principle of pursuing security - - software that ' just works ' rather than software with Rube Goldberg constructs of knobs and security theater scenery . "
Westerback wrote that software produced by people interested in security " probably works better in most cases because a belief in simplicity , clarity , and consistency usually produces better code than other approaches . "
Developer Kjell Wooding agreed that OpenBSD coders treat bugs with equal significance .
" There is a certain irony to Linus ' comment there , " wrote Wooding in an e-mail to ZDNet.co.uk .
" The 'a bug is a bug ' principle that he is espousing is exactly the approach taken by the OpenBSD developers that I know .
The OpenBSD I know does n't concentrate on security -- it concentrates on correctness . "
OpenBSD developer Bob Beck told ZDNet.co.uk that Torvalds ' comments showed " ignorance , " as OpenBSD coders did take the approach of dealing with bugs equally .
" The comments sound like much of the usual chestbeating we are used to seeing to make all the fanboys and girls on the lists swoon , " wrote Beck .
" Realistically it just demonstrates an ignorance of the OpenBSD project . "
Beck added that Torvalds ' comments were unfortunate , in that they could encourage Linux " fanboys and girls " to not focus on code quality .
" Those sorts of unfounded statements probably contribute to the type of attitude in Linux distributions that results in them introducing spectacular bugs into software ported into their distributions from OpenBSD , such as the recent Debian vulnerabilities , " wrote Beck .
" To the fanboys , this says ' do n't listen to security - concerned people -- they 're just masturbating monkeys . '
Which leads to more bugs to fix . "
Both Wooding and Beck took Torvalds ' comments in good humor .
" I do n't know what Linus ' beef is .
He seems to be on the same page with respect to this issue .
And the ' masturbating monkey ' thing ?
Well that 's just funny , " wrote Wooding .
OpenBSD developer Artur Grabowski wrote on Thursday that Torvalds had been in touch with the OpenBSD community .
" I talked to Linus about this already , he was humble about it and said it did n't look like it from the outside that we shared the same view , " wrote Grabowski .
" We all had a laugh about it . "
Liam Tung writes for ZDNet Australia .
Tom Espiner , who reports for ZDNet.co.uk in London , contributed to this report .
Correction : This article incorrectly characterized Linus Torvalds ' last response to the OpenBSD community .
John McCain is a long - time acquaintance of mine that goes way back to our time together at the U.S. Naval Academy and as Prisoners of War in Vietnam .
He is a man I respect and admire in some ways .
But there are a number of reasons why I wo n’t vote for him for President of the United States .
When I was a Plebe ( 4th classman , or freshman ) at the Naval Academy in 1957 - 58 , I was assigned to the 17th Company for my four years there .
In those days we had about 3,600 midshipmen spread among 24 companies , thus about 150 midshipmen to a company .
As fortune would have it , John , a First Classman ( senior ) and his room mate lived directly across the hall from me and my two room mates .
Believe me when I say that back then I would never in a million or more years have dreamed that the crazy guy across the hall would someday be a Senator and candidate for President !
John was a wild man .
He was funny , with a quick wit and he was intelligent .
But he was intent on breaking every USNA regulation in our 4 inch thick USNA Regulations book .
And I believe he must have come as close to his goal as any midshipman who ever attended the Academy .
I could tell many midshipman stories about John that year and he unbelievably managed to graduate though he spent the majority of his first class year on restriction for the stuff he did get caught doing .
In fact he barely managed to graduate , standing 5th from the bottom of his 800 man graduating class .
I and many others have speculated that the main reason he did graduate was because his father was an Admiral , and also his grandfather , both U.S. Naval Academy graduates .
People often ask if I was a Prisoner of War with John McCain .
My answer is always “ No – John McCain was a POW with me . ”
The reason is I was there for 8 years and John got there 2 ½ years later , so he was a POW for 5 ½ years .
And we have our own seniority system , based on time as a POW .
John ’s treatment as a POW :
1 ) Was he tortured for 5 years ?
No .
He was subjected to torture and maltreatment during his first 2 years , from September of 1967 to September of 1969 .
After September of 1969 the Vietnamese stopped the torture and gave us increased food and rudimentary health care .
Several hundred of us were captured much earlier .
I got there April 20 , 1965 so my bad treatment period lasted 4 1/2 years .
President Ho Chi Minh died on September 9 , 1969 , and the new regime that replaced him and his policies was more pragmatic .
They realized we were worth a lot as bargaining chips if we were alive .
And they were right because eventually Americans gave up on the war and agreed to trade our POW ’s for their country .
A damn good trade in my opinion !
But my point here is that John allows the media to make him out to be THE hero POW , which he knows is absolutely not true , to further his political goals .
2 ) John was badly injured when he was shot down .
Both arms were broken and he had other wounds from his ejection .
Unfortunately this was often the case – new POW ’s arriving with broken bones and serious combat injuries .
Many died from their wounds .
Medical care was non-existent to rudimentary .
Relief from pain was almost never given and often the wounds were used as an available way to torture the POW .
Because John ’s father was the Naval Commander in the Pacific theater , he was exploited with TV interviews while wounded .
These film clips have now been widely seen .
But it must be known that many POW ’s suffered similarly , not just John .
And many were similarly exploited for political propaganda .
3 ) John was offered , and refused , “ early release . ”
Many of us were given this offer .
It meant speaking out against your country and lying about your treatment to the press .
You had to “ admit ” that the U.S. was criminal and that our treatment was “ lenient and humane . ”
So I , like numerous others , refused the offer .
This was obviously something none of us could accept .
Besides , we were bound by our service regulations , Geneva Conventions and loyalties to refuse early release until all the POW ’s were released , with the sick and wounded going first .
4 ) John was awarded a Silver Star and Purple Heart for heroism and wounds in combat .
This heroism has been played up in the press and in his various political campaigns .
But it should be known that there were approximately 660 military POW ’s in Vietnam .
Among all of us , decorations awarded have recently been totaled as follows : Medals of Honor – 8 , Service Crosses – 42 , Silver Stars – 590 , Bronze Stars – 958 and Purple Hearts – 1,249 .
John certainly performed courageously and well .
But it must be remembered that he was one hero among many - not uniquely so as his campaigns would have people believe .
Among the POW ’s John was n’t special .
He was just one of the guys .
John McCain served his time as a POW with great courage , loyalty and tenacity .
More than 600 of us did the same .
After our repatriation a census showed that 95 % of us had been tortured at least once .
The Vietnamese were quite democratic about it .
There were many heroes in North Vietnam .
I saw heroism every day there .
And we motivated each other to endure and succeed far beyond what any of us thought we had in ourselves .
Succeeding as a POW is a group sport , not an individual one .
We all supported and encouraged each other to survive and succeed .
John knows that .
He was not an individual POW hero .
He was a POW who surmounted the odds with the help of many comrades , as all of us did .
I furthermore believe that having been a POW is no special qualification for being President of the United States .
The two jobs are not the same , and POW experience is not , in my opinion , something I would look for in a presidential candidate .
Most of us who survived that experience are now in our late 60’s and 70’s .
Sadly , we have died and are dying off at a greater rate than our non-POW contemporaries .
We experienced injuries and malnutrition that are coming home to roost .
So I believe John ’s age ( 72 ) and survival expectation are not good for being elected to serve as our President for 4 or more years .
I can verify that John has an infamous reputation for being a hot head .
He has a quick and explosive temper that many have experienced first hand .
Folks , quite honestly that is not the finger I want next to that red button .
It is also disappointing to see him take on and support Bush ’s war in Iraq , even stating we might be there for another 100 years .
For me , John represents the entrenched and bankrupt policies of Washington - as - usual .
The past 7 years have proven to be disastrous for our country .
And I believe John ’s views on war , foreign policy , economics , environment , health care , education , national infrastructure and other important areas are much the same as those of the Bush administration .
I ’m disappointed to see John represent himself politically in ways that are not accurate .
He is not a moderate or maverick Republican .
On some issues he is a maverick .
But his voting record is far to the right .
I fear for his nominations to our Supreme Court , and the consequent continuing loss of individual freedoms , especially regarding moral and religious issues .
John is not a religious person , but he has taken every opportunity to ally himself with some really obnoxious and crazy fundamentalist ministers .
I was also disappointed to see him cozy up to Bush because I know he dislikes that man .
He disingenuously and famously put his arm around the guy , even after Bush had intensely disrespected him with lies and slander .
So on these and many other instances , I do n’t see that John is the “ straight talk express ” he markets himself to be .
Senator John Sidney McCain , III is a remarkable man who has made enormous personal achievements .
And he is a man that I am proud to call a fellow POW who “ Returned With Honor . ”
That ’s our POW motto .
But since many of you keep asking what I think of him , I ’ve decided to write it out .
In short , I think John Sidney McCain , III is a good man , but not someone I will vote for in the upcoming election to be our President of the United States .
Now there are 1,000 laws that will let the state into your home
Extreme measures :
There are more than 1,000 laws which give officials the right to enter private property
The march of the Big Brother state under Labour was highlighted last night as it was revealed that there are now 1,043 laws that give the authorities the power to enter a home or business .
Nearly half have been introduced since Labour came to power 11 years ago .
They include the right to :
• Invade your home to see if your pot plants have pests or do not have a ' plant passport ' ( Plant Health England Order 2005 ) .
• Survey your home and garden to see if your hedge is too high ( Anti-Social Behaviour Act 2003 ) .
• Check that accommodation given to asylum seekers is not being lived in by non-asylum seekers ( Immigration and Asylum Act 1999 ) .
• Raid a house to check if unlicensed gambling is taking place ( Gambling Act 2005 Inspection Regulations 2007 ) .
• Seize fridges without the correct energy rating ( Energy Information Household Refrigerators and Freezers Regulations 2004 ) .
The rise in clipboard - wielding state inspectors flies in the face of repeated pledges by Ministers to curb the power of bureaucrats .
The full extent of the state 's ' powers of entry ' is revealed in documents slipped out quietly by the Government last week .
The information was posted on the Home Office website , but in a highly unusual move , the computer file was locked to prevent it being copied or printed .
A secret Home Office password was required to access the file .
A Home Office spokeswoman denied the restrictions were an attempt to stop the state 's powers being circulated more widely .
She claimed it was a ' mistake ' and the file would be unlocked tomorrow .
Some 420 new powers of entry are the product of laws introduced since 1997 .
A further 16 are in laws due to be approved by Parliament in the next few weeks .
A recent study by the Centre for Policy Studies think - tank warned that the ' proliferation and variety ' of such laws mean householders can no longer ' realistically be aware ' of their rights and legal obligations .
Gordon Brown last year announced a review of ' powers of entry ' laws and said they would be subjected to a ' liberty test ' to stop abuses by the state .
However , new powers set to be approved by Parliament include inspecting for non-human genetic material , for looted cultural property from Iraq and for ' undeclared ' carbon dioxide , as well as enforcing bin tax .
Town hall ' bin police ' already have the right to enter homes , take photographs , seize contents of bins , and ' investigate as required ' .
Householders can be fined up to £ 5,000 if they refuse entry or ' obstruct ' an official .
Shadow Communities Secretary Eric Pickles said : ' Day by day under Labour , the rights and liberties of law - abiding citizens are being eroded . '
Street cleaner attacked by mob
A COUNCIL street sweeper was racially assaulted as he cleaned a Westhulme subway .
The 48 - year - old was cleaning the Featherstall Road subway close to the Martha Street entrance at 9.20 am on Tuesday when a gang of six Asian youths smashed a wooden post through the side window .
They then rained blows on the sweeper with clubs , posts and bats and hit the victim ’s leg as he tried to get out of the vehicle .
As the attack took place , the gang shouted , “ Asians rule supreme ” and “ get out of our area white scum ” .
They ran away when the victim called the police .
The victim , who has worked for the council for four years , was left shaken and had to take the rest of the day off work .
Oldham Council ’s service director for Streetscene .
Mark Odell .
confirmed that a member of the road sweeping team was involved in an incident while cleaning the subway at Featherstall Road roundabout .
He added : “ The worker reported the incident to the police who attended the scene and took a statement .
“ As a result of the incident we have reviewed our risk assessments and made some changes to the way our road sweeping staff operate in future .
“ Thankfully incidents where our staff are abused or worse by members of the public are rare . ”
Police say they are treating the matter as a racially aggravated incident and are investigating .
Google Pixel XL VS Comparison Xiaomi A2
Litegoogle pixel 3 64gb 128gb fully unlocked , verizon , t- mobile , at&t .
The device may have minor screen / LCD burn and may have some cosmetic wear such as scratches on the screen and imperfections on sides and / or
Michael Collins Piper
American Free Press
Tuesday , Aug 5 , 2008
ALTHOUGH THE MASS MEDIA ballyhooed Barack Obama ’s visits to a number of countries , greeted with large , enthusiastic crowds — even in Germany , said to be the bastion of “ race hatred ” in the 20th Century — the media notably failed to mention that in Israel — America ’s “ closest ally ” — polls have shown John McCain is more popular than Obama .
In fact , Israel is the only country in the world where McCain ’s popularity outranked that of Obama .
That single fact — a not insignificant one , considering the clout of Israel ’s supporters in the U.S. arena — might be described as “ the big secret ” of the 2008 election that the average voter knows little about .
In contrast , McCain ’s popularity in Israel — coupled with serious reservations about Obama among both Israelis and American Jews — has been a staple of reportage in Israel and in American Jewish community journals and on Internet sites aimed at that audience .
( Article continues below )
Forward — perhaps the most influential Jewish newspaper in America — let the cat out of the bag on July 17 , when it revealed :
Polls indicate that Israelis evince some of the lowest levels of support for Obama of any country in the world .
In France and Germany , both stops on Obama ’s tour , respectively 65 percent and 67 percent of the population has said that they would vote for him if they could .
By contrast , in Israel . . . only 27 percent of the respondents said that they would like to see him become president , with John McCain being the preferred choice of 36 percent .
. . .
Now , although it is being said that Obama ’s popularity has risen in Israel since his visit , those claims seem disingenuous , a feeble attempt to show that Israel is “ in sync ” with the rest of the world , when , in fact , it is not .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
The truth is that many Obama supporters have been astounded by the revelation that there has been such a striking contrast between polls in Israel and those in all other countries regarding Obama and McCain .
The contrast has been so blatant that when the much quoted Pew Research Center conducted a poll regarding Obama and McCain among 22 countries — from Europe to Asia to Africa to South America — Pew did
not include Israel in its poll , a glaring omission considering the central part Israel plays in U.S. foreign policy .
Critics suggest Pew deleted Israel from the poll because McCain ’s support by Israelis would have been so glaring in contrast to Obama ’s popularity elsewhere .
This would put Israel and its American disciples — especially those who are Democrats — in the awkward position of explaining to Obama supporters why Israel — America ’s ally — would be hostile to Obama .
In addition , Forward noted — and this is critical — that even within Israel ’s “ center - left ” ( which many might expect to be Obama - friendly ) , there is significant support for Obama ’s “ conservative ” challenger .
The reason for the Israeli enthusiasm for McCain — according to Joshua Teitelbaum of Israel ’s Moshe Dayan Center for Middle Eastern Studies — is that “ politics [ in Israel ] is very single - issue : people formulate their opinions on the basis of the Arab - Israel conflict . ”
And although Obama has made noises to assuage pro-Israel forces in the U.S. , notably a fawning speech to the American Israel Public Affairs Committee , Dan Diker — cited by Forward as an “ American - Israeli relations expert ” — said that while “ [ The Israelis ] know and understand McCain ’s positions .
Obama ’s are surrounded with uncertainty . ”
Obama is thus considered a wild card by Israel and its powerful supporters on U.S. soil .
This same Forward editorially asserted in the past that there was reason to believe that Obama may have indeed been a practicing Muslim earlier in his life as Obama critics ( mostly pro-Israel agitators ) contend , despite Obama ’s denials .
That Forward would make this assertion ( suggesting that Obama was prevaricating or even lying outright ) did not go unnoticed by American Jewish readers who were already suspicious of Obama and hostile to his Muslim heritage .
In fact , from the beginning of the time when the Democratic presidential campaign began to narrow to a two - candidate race between Obama and Hillary Clinton , American Jewish newspapers — in alliance with Republican “ neo- conservative ” pro-Israel sources — were engaged in a thoroughgoing campaign to raise suspicions about Obama among Jewish Democrats .
One story in Washington Jewish Week noted that many attendees at a meeting of the Anti-Defamation League of B’nai B’rith were quite suspicious of Obama .
The subtle ( but significant ) difference in the way that the mainstream media ( as opposed to the Jewish community press ) has reported on Obama ’s relations with the Jewish community is interesting .
Although one mainstream voice , Time — controlled by Edgar Bronfman , prime power behind the World Jewish Congress — did publish a notable article entitled “ Obama ’s Jewish Problem , ” most other media play up the fact that , according to polls — if they are to be believed — Obama leads McCain among American Jewish voters by roughly a 60 - 40 margin .
However , what is generally not pointed out to the “ average ” American is that Obama ’s lead is starkly less than what one would normally expect from a Democrat over a Republican challenger .
In short , Obama is not
doing as well as he should be among Jewish voters .
This could spell trouble for Obama .
Here ’s why :
According to a report by Will Maslow of the American Jewish Congress , “ The percentage of Jews . . . who involve themselves in party affairs as policymakers and fund - raisers , is probably higher than that of any other racial , religious or ethnic group .
The result is that Jews play a role in the political life of the country whose significance far transcends their proportion of the total population . ”
In short , if key Jewish forces fail to provide support for Obama , it could sabotage his candidacy .
In addition , Jewish writer Lenni Brenner has noted the actual voting power of American Jews is nearly twice their numbers : “ They vote in greater proportions than any other ethnic or religious grouping .
Ninety - two percent of all Jews vote in national elections compared to only 54 percent of the people as a whole .
Jews may only be 10.6 percent of New York State , but they are between 16 percent and 20 percent of the voters . ”
In this same realm , Jewish writer Stephen Silbiger , writing in The Jewish Phenomenon added :
About 80 percent of eligible Jews in the United States are registered to vote , compared to about 50 percent of all voting - age adults .
In addition , registered Jews are twice as likely to vote .
Combining the two multiplies Jewish voting power by a factor of three .
Furthermore , 81 percent of Jews live in only nine states [ New York , New Jersey , Florida , Massachusetts , Maryland , Connecticut , California , Pennsylvania and Illinois ] making them a significant political bloc , especially on the national level .
In presidential elections , those nine states cast 202 of the 535 votes in the Electoral College .
Thus , the Jewish population could provide the swing vote in any close presidential election .
So the Jewish vote ( normally heavily Democratic ) could tip the balance for McCain , especially since one of America ’s most respected Jewish figures , Sen. Joe Lieberman ( I - Conn . ) , is making strenuous efforts on McCain ’s behalf .
If Lieberman ends up as McCain ’s running mate , this could be another factor altogether :
Lieberman is known for his skill in extracting campaign funds from Jewish money kings across the land .
Although two of the wealthiest Jewish families in America — the billionaire Pritzkers and Crowns , both of Chicago — are central players in Obama ’s “ inner circle ” ( as described by The Washington Post ) observers say this indicates only that pro-Israel interests are determined to maintain influence in the Obama camp .
The Crown family are primary figures in the “ military - industrial ” complex as longtime controllers of the General Dynamics arms giant .
The Crowns have bankrolled institutions in Israel central to the development of Israel ’s nuclear weapons program .
In the meantime , there is an intriguing admixture of reportage about Obama and the issue of race appearing in the mainstream media .
Even the “ liberal ” Washington
Post featured a front page story acknowledging that Americans do consider race a significant factor in their voting .
That issue of the Post announced in a separate article that American “ white racist ” groups were blossoming in the wake of Obama ’s candidacy .
This suggests “ racist ” voters have achieved an accord with significant numbers of the American Jewish community vis-a - vis Obama .
The New York Times featured a widely quoted commentary by veteran pro-Israel geopolitical theoretician Edward Luttwak suggesting that Obama — as the son of a Muslim who abandoned his faith — could be in danger from radical Muslims if elected president .
Contending that Obama is considered a Muslim by Muslims ( even if he never practiced the religion ) — although some Muslim observers disputed that —
Luttwak claimed that , as a result , radical Muslims would consider Obama an apostate for calling himself a Christian and thus subject to punishment .
So while Luttwak hyped a scenario for a “ threat ” against Obama by “ radical Muslims ” others suggested “ white racists ” might also be plotting against him .
And in light of frequent media allusions to potential “ strategic alliances ” between white racists and radical Muslims , some are concerned a preparatory propaganda foundation is being laid for some sort of provocation against Obama to be attributed to such an alliance , perhaps “ funded by Iran ” — a pretext for a war .
Such an event could be catastrophic .
The “ big secret ” about the 2008 election may , in fact , be a time bomb that we do n’t want to see explode .
This article was posted : Tuesday , August 5 , 2008 at 3:57 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
In a trial that garnered national attention because of the conflict between state and federal marijuana laws , a federal jury in Los Angeles Tuesday convicted the owner of a Morro Bay medical marijuana dispensary on five counts of violating federal drug laws .
As was the case in previous federal prosecutions , the defense was not allowed to mount a medical marijuana defense or even mention the words " medical marijuana " during the course of the trial .
Charlie Lynch ( from friendsofccl.com )
Charles Lynch , 46 , operator of Central Coast Compassionate Caregivers in San Luis Obispo County , faces a minimum of five years in prison and as many as 85 years after being found guilty of distributing more than 100 kilograms of marijuana , some of to people considered minors under federal law .
Federal prosecutors portrayed Lynch as a mercenary drug dealer , toting around backpacks full of cash and selling dope to minors .
One minor , Owen Beck , actually took the stand in Lynch 's defense .
Beck suffers from bone cancer , and accompanied by his parents , he would visit the dispensary to purchase medical marijuana recommended to him by his Stanford University oncologist .
But as soon as Beck mentioned that he was ill , Federal District Court Judge George
Wu blocked his testimony .
In an interview with the Los Angeles Times after reaching a verdict , jury forewoman Kitty Meese said jurors understood Lynch was no run-of - the - mill drug dealer , but that federal law made no provision for dispensary operators .
" We all felt Mr. Lynch intended well , " Meese said .
" But under the parameters we were given for the federal law , we did n't have a choice . "
She added , " it was a tough decision for all of us because the state law and the federal law are at odds . "
Lynch had run the dispensary in compliance with state law and with the blessing of local officials in Morro Bay , but after a fruitless , year - long investigation by San Luis Obispo County Sheriff Pat Hedges failed to find any violations of state law , the sheriff invited the DEA to come and raid the dispensary .
The DEA did just that last year , and a few months later a federal grand jury indicted him .
Lynch is only the latest of at least six dispensary operators convicted under the federal drug laws , and his dispensary is but one of the dozens raided by the DEA in the last couple of years .
With federal juries blocked from hearing about or considering the state 's medical marijuana laws by federal judges in those cases , convictions are all but a foregone conclusion .
" This just goes to show the difficulty of getting a fair trial on this in federal court , " said Dale Gieringer , head of California NORML .
" The feds are batting a thousand when it comes to getting convictions in these cases .
You can not get a fair hearing . "
" Charley got steamrolled by the federal government , " said San Luis Obispo attorney Lou Koory , who represented Lynch in his dealings with local officials .
" It 's just not a fair fight when you can't tell the whole story , " he said .
" The jury selection process revealed that potential jurors in Los Angeles had major questions about why the feds would be prosecuting someone like Charley when there are several dispensaries operating within walking distance of the courthouse there , " Koory pointed out .
" Those jurors were dismissed for cause , so we were left with citizens who were apparently not concerned about the federal government 's actions in this case and who felt compelled to follow the judge 's instructions . "
" When you have things like Owen Beck being prevented from testifying , that only escalates the tragedy of this case , " said Kris Hermes , spokesman for the medical marijuana defense group Americans for Safe Access .
" The jury was not allowed to hear the whole truth in the larger context of the state law , " he said .
Hermes was quick to point out that Lynch was not the only victim of the DEA and its local law enforcement collaborators .
" When Charles was raided , his was one of the only facilities in the whole region , " said Hermes .
" Now patients have to go much longer distances , sometimes hundreds of miles , to get their medicine .
Not only has this destroyed Charlie 's life , it has worsened the lives of hundreds of patients . "
With the deck stacked against dispensary operators in these federal prosecutions , activists and advocates are looking for ways to change the status quo .
Some involve fighting back against recalcitrant law enforcement officials like Sheriff Hedges , others looks to greater help from state officials , while still others are turning a jaundiced eye on the federal marijuana laws .
At least one of Lynch 's patients has filed suit against Hedges , alleging that he violated patients ' privacy protections by seizing patient records and violated both her state and federal constitutional rights by doing an end run around state law .
" The sheriff could n't get a state search warrant , so he calls in the DEA and participates in the raid , " said Koory .
" In return for serving up Charley on a silver platter , the sheriff got access to all the evidence , including patient records , " he explained .
" The dispensary was a rock in the sheriff 's shoe , so after a year 's worth of failed investigation , Sheriff Hedges invited the DEA to come up to Morro Bay and raid the dispensary .
That 's the real story here . "
While the idea of suing sheriffs sounds appealing , it 's a long - shot , said Hermes .
" They are certainly subject to litigation if someone wants to file a lawsuit against a local official for cooperating with the federal government , but it's a difficult legal challenge , " he said .
" There is no law that prohibits local law enforcement from cooperating with the feds .
What officials like the sheriff are doing is wrongheaded , harmful , and unnecessary , but it will be difficult to win , I think . "
In the meantime , said Hermes , there are other avenues to pursue in reining in renegade local officials .
" One thing would be to get a pronouncement from Attorney General Jerry Brown directing law enforcement on appropriate conduct around these issues .
We 're expecting that to happen soon , " he said .
" Absence of direction from the attorney general has made it easier not only for federal law enforcement to come in and undermine the implementation of state law , but also to make it easier for local law enforcement to help in that effort . "
Hermes said that recent state court decisions , including last week 's slap - down of San Diego County 's challenge to the law ( see related story this issue ) are also helping define the playing field .
" We 've had multiple appellate court rulings declaring the state 's medical marijuana law is not preempted by federal law , that the two can coexist , and that local law enforcement should be upholding state law and not federal law , " he said .
" Between these rulings and the pending guidelines from the attorney general , there will be less and less wiggle room for local law enforcement to skirt the law . "
There is also the ballot box .
Sheriffs are elected officials , and they could be challenged at the voting booth over their medical marijuana misbehavior , but ASA 's Hermes could n't recall a case where someone was either defeated or elected over the issue .
" It is certainly an issue to bring up in sheriffs ' races , " he said .
" If there are renegade law enforcement officials trying to skirt state law , we can try to make them feel the political heat . "
Still , Hermes predicted that given the state court rulings , the pending guidelines from the attorney general , and new set of faces in Washington next year , the renegade law enforcement problem will probably recede .
" If it continues to happen , " he said , " there will be a political battle I think public officials will be sorry they got into .
I think we will see less and less cooperation between local law enforcement and the feds on this . "
A new administration in Washington could make a huge difference , Hermes said .
" If we elect Obama , and he follows through on his promise to end federal raids on dispensaries , then we will hopefully see less federal activity here in California . "
But the ultimate solution is changing the federal law around marijuana .
Legalization , decriminalization , rescheduling marijuana out of Schedule 1 , or even passage of the Hinchey - Rohrabacher amendment , which would cut off funds for federal raids in medical marijuana states , are some of the steps that could be taken .
" We need to see either marijuana rescheduled as something other than Schedule 1 , or the US Supreme Court 's Raich decision needs to be revisited and overruled .
The logic behind that decision -- that medical marijuana grown , distributed , and consumed within California affects interstate commerce -- is a stretch at best , " said Koory .
" What we need is a comprehensive federal policy in the US , " said Hermes .
" Rescheduling or passing Hinchey would be easier than passing either decriminalization or legalization , but we would welcome any of those .
We 'll be working for a sweeping federal policy that includes rescheduling , further research , and allows for safe access to medical marijuana for patients all across the country . "
Until the federal marijuana laws are reformed or eliminated , medical marijuana patients are not safe .
Instead , they will be subject to the whims and political proclivities of whoever has hold of the levers of power in Washington .
Click here to watch Drew Carey 's video about Charlie Lynch , on Reason TV .
Going through the text and reading the initial reviews I want to briefly point out several key points .
I wo n't go into too much detail as a lot of other articles have been posted already .
From section 8 .
Decisions by the Secretary pursuant to the authority of this Act are non-reviewable and committed to agency discretion , and may not be reviewed by any court of law or any administrative agency .
Read it again .
The Secretary gets to make all the decisions and they can not be reviewed or questioned BY ANYONE , not even the courts .
From Section 12
The term " mortgage - related assets " means residential or commercial mortgages and any securities , obligations , or other instruments that are based on or related to such mortgages , that in each case was originated or issued on or before September 17 , 2008 .
How the hell did commercial mortgages get involved in this .
This is an outrage to say the least .
From Section 10 .
Subsection ( b ) of section 3101 of title 31 , United States Code , is amended by striking out the dollar limitation contained in such subsection and inserting in lieu thereof $ 11,315,000,000,000 .
Yup , the Debt ceiling just got raised ... this time to $ 11.315 trillion ( the current debt is about $ 9.6 trillion ) .
Paulson has been given the authority to go out and spend $ 700 billion with NO oversight and NO review .
From Section 6 .
The Secretary ’s authority to purchase mortgage - related assets under this Act shall be limited to $ 700,000,000,000 outstanding at any one time
Note the open ended nature here .
Although the purchases are limited to $ 700 billion , the little line at the end says " outstanding at any one time .
So in theory at least Paulson could buy $ 700 billion in mortgages , sell them for say $ 400 billion , and then be right back to the beginning , able to buy another $ 700 billion .
This looks like the mother of all blank checks .
From Section 3 .
In exercising the authorities granted in this Act , the Secretary shall take into consideration means for -- ( 1 ) providing stability or preventing disruption to the financial markets or banking system ; and ( 2 ) protecting the taxpayer .
Note the Secretary shall take into consideration " protecting the taxpayer " .
That 's it !
He only has to take it into consideration .
He does n't actually have to do it !
Summary :
What a MESS !!!!!
The US dollar will be toast .
The taxpayers are screwed .
The people who made this mess remain at large , with no penalties .
This is a total sell - out , corporate socialism of the worst kind , and even so , it may not work .
It relies on the Treasury being able to sell even more debt ... to whom may I ask ?
China ?
Russia , Saudi Arabia ?
American institutions no longer have the financial flexibility to take on thsi volume of debt , and I question whether some of the other nations do either ... at least without a major kick higher in interest rates .
It seems that good service is something of a rarity in the world of IT support .
I ’ve met my share of IT people , and I do have to admit that yes , there are a lot of support experts that do emanate an air of pompous superiority .
Unfortunately , one of the pleasures of those people is to make users feel like complete idiots , turning the whole support process into a nightmarish experience .
With that said , everyone needs to call in for help from time to time ( Even us ! ) , and if you want your questions answered quickly and effectively , you ’ll need to know a thing or two before picking up that phone .
Video after the jump .
To get in the debating mood , Republican John McCain will host a town - hall event and take a short nap .
His rival , Democrat Barack Obama , will work out or shoot hoops .
Sen .
Obama will spar for the debate with Greg Craig , a Washington lawyer and former official in the Clinton administration who is one of his few gray - haired advisers .
A McCain spokeswoman declined to discuss who will practice with Sen. McCain .
After weeks of TV attack ads and prepared remarks on the stump , the candidates will face off on stage without teleprompters or advisers .
With the presidential race in a near dead heat , neither candidate can afford a costly gaffe that sends his campaign into a tailspin .
The nationally televised debates are set to begin on Friday and are certain to be among the most watched in history .
Each campaign is seeking even the smallest advantage .
Obama advisers , for example , are considering how to provoke Sen.
McCain into anger or showing what they say is how out of touch , or old , he is .
Advisers have told Sen. McCain to watch out when Sen. Obama uses the phrase , " As I 've said before ... "
One McCain adviser said it is used " when Obama actually changes his position , to pretend it 's what he 's always said . "
Democratic vice - presidential nominee Joe Biden is preparing for the debate with his Republican rival , Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , by practicing against another female governor , Jennifer Granholm of Michigan .
The campaign selected Gov. Granholm , who like Gov. Palin is also a sports mom and former beauty - pageant winner , to make sure Sen .
Biden does n't comes across as sexist or superior .
The McCain campaign is having some trouble finding the right person for Gov. Palin 's practice sessions .
Sen .
Joe Lieberman was considered , but dropped for being insufficiently fiery and loquacious to do a good Biden impression .
Both Ceiling Cat and Basement Cat are false and fabricated deities , just like FSM .
All are creations of the imaginations of fallen souls who have rejected the true deity ... the first and original deity ... the great and glorious J.R. ' Bob ' Dobbs .
Yea of little faith and overflowing litter boxes should repent right now and ask both Bob and the anti-Virgin Connie for forgiveness .
Or at least pray and ask for a year 's supply of Tidy Cat Kitty Litter .
As a rule , I do n't eat animals bigger than I am .
A sea bass I can handle .
Chickens and turkeys , fine .
But a cow gives me a problem .
I can't convince myself that a cow is an insubstantial entity that no one will miss .
The animal weighs more than a Fiat .
Eating it seems presumptuous on my part , and humiliating for the cow .
If my body ended up as brunch for some badger or dachshund , I know I 'd be pissed .
Which is why I have n't eaten red meat in twenty - two years .
My colleagues recently decided that if I could just taste steak again , I 'd see the light .
I agreed to allow a fellow editor to take me to Peter Luger 's in Brooklyn , which has served prime porterhouse since 1887 .
Wood walls , bankers , a bartender who calls us " gentlemen , " a selection of vegetables ranging from potatoes to potatoes -- that sort of place .
You walk in and it smells like blood .
I slice off a chunk the size of a Lucky Charms marshmallow and dangle it on my fork for a minute .
Two minutes .
Do n't think of the cow , I tell myself .
Do n't think about its swishing tail and its droopy eyes .
Do n't think about whether it can experience pain or joy or schadenfreude .
God , give me some Buddhist disassociation .
It 's just a food unit .
Soylent red .
" Trust me , the cow was an idiot , " urges my colleague .
" Plus , it was destroying the environment with its farts . "
I take a bite .
Damn , I 'd forgotten how heavy steak is .
How chewy .
How meaty .
You can tinker with soy and gluten till kingdom come , but a veggie burger will never have the texture of flesh .
And then the taste .
I can't deny :
It 's absolutely delicious .
Salty and charred .
It gives me a Proustian jolt back to my grandmother 's house , when I used to eat roast beef off yellow plates .
Or maybe it takes me back further , to the Pleistocene age .
I would n't mind clubbing a wildebeest and then scratching some stick figures into a wall .
" Come on , eat the fat , " my colleague says .
" Do n't be a pussy . "
He points to a jiggly hunk of white .
I can't .
I finish off two and a half pieces of nonfatty steak , wash it down with Chianti , and accept a backslap from our Balkan waiter .
Trouble starts in the cab home .
I had barely eaten all day , so consuming red meat was like dropping a cluster bomb in my stomach .
I burp and rumble .
I get to my apartment and am bent at the waist .
I scour the bathroom for the only antinausea medicine we have : my wife 's special berry - flavored Tums for PMS sufferers .
I swallow half a bottle .
But it 's more than physical .
I take the dyspepsia as a sign that my brain has decided I should n't eat mammals too big for me to bench - press , and it 's a mental switch I can't flick back on .
Tomorrow , it 's back to plants and tiny animals .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
( OPRAH.com ) -- I contemplate divorce every day .
It tugs on my sleeve each morning when my husband , Will , greets me in his chipper , smug morning - person voice , because after 16 years of waking up together , he still has n't quite pieced out that I 'm not viable before 10 a.m .
A Mid-Wife Crisis may be a simmering underbelly of resentment .
It puts two hands on my forehead and mercilessly presses when he blurts out the exact wrong thing ( " Are you excited for your surprise party next Tuesday ? " ) ; when he lies to avoid the fight ( " What do you mean I left our apartment door open ?
I never even knew our apartment had a door ! " ) ; when he buttons his shirt and jacket into the wrong buttonholes , collars and seams unaligned like a vertical game of dominoes , with possibly a scrap of shirttail zippered into his fly .
It flicks me , hard , just under the eye when , during a parent - teacher conference , he raises his arm high in the air , scratches his armpit , and then -- then ! -- absently smells his fingers .
It slammed into me like a 4,000 - pound Volvo station wagon one spring evening four years ago , although I remember it as if it were last year .
He had dropped me off in front of a restaurant , prior to finding a parking spot .
As I crossed in front of the car , he pulled forward , happily smiling back over his left shoulder at some random fascinating bit ( a sign with an interesting font , a new scaffolding , a diner that he may or may not have eaten at the week after he graduated from college ) , and plowed into me .
The impact , while not wondrous enough to break bodies 12 ways , was sufficient to bounce me sidewise onto the hood , legs waving in the air like antennae , skirt flung somewhere up around my ears .
For one whole second , New York City stood stock - still and looked at my underwear .
As I pounded the windshield with my fist and shouted -- " Will , Will , stop the car ! " -- he finally faced forward , blink , blink , blink , trying , yes , truly trying to take it all in .
And I heard him ask with mild astonishment , very faintly because windshield glass is surprisingly thick , " What are you doing here ? "
Oprah.com :
Are you on the right life course ?
In retrospect , it was an excellent question , a question that I 've asked myself from altar to present , both incessantly and occasionally .
What am I doing here ?
Do n't misunderstand : I would not , could not disparage my marriage ( not on a train , not in the rain , not in a house , not with a mouse ) .
After 192 months , Will and I remain if not happily married , then steadily so .
Our marital state is Indiana , say , or Connecticut -- some red areas , more blue .
Less than bliss , better than disaster .
We are arguably , to my wide - ish range of reference , Everycouple .
Nor is Will the Very Bad Man that I 've made him out to be .
Rather , like every other male I know , he is merely a Moderately Bad Man , the kind of man who will leave his longboat - sized shoes directly in the flow of our home 's traffic so that one day I 'll trip over them , break my neck , and die , after which he 'll walk home from the morgue , grief - stricken , take off his shoes with a heavy heart , and leave them in the center of the room until they kill the housekeeper .
Everyman .
Still , beneath the thumpingly ordinary nature of our marriage -- Everymarriage -- runs the silent chyron of divorce .
It 's the scarlet concept , the closely held contemplation of nearly every woman I know who has children who have been out of diapers for at least two years and a husband who wo n't be in them for another 30 .
It 's the secret reverie of a demographic that freely discusses postpartum depression , eating disorders , and Ambien dependence ( often all in the same sentence ) with the plain candor of golden brown toast .
In a let - it - all - hang - out culture , this is the given that stays tucked in .
This is the Mid-Wife Crisis .
Mind you , when I say Mid-Wife Crisis , I mean the middle - of - married - life kind , not the kind where you go to Yale to learn how to legally brandish a birthing stool .
As one girlfriend remarked , it 's the age of rage -- a period of high irritation that lasts roughly one to two decades .
As a colleague e-mailed me , it 's the simmering underbelly of resentment , the 600 - pound mosquito in the room .
At a juncture where we thought we should have unearthed some modicum of certainty , we are turning into the Clash .
If I go will there be trouble ?
If I stay will it be double ?
Should I stay or should I go ?
Oprah.com : Six relationship decisions we 've made for you
Our mothers knew better than to ponder such questions , at least not out loud in front of God and the hairdresser .
They deliberately waited to reach the last straw until their children were grown and the house was paid for .
At 25 , they were ladies with lady clothes and lady hairdos -- bona fide adults , the astronauts ' wives .
By 40 , they were relics .
But we , we with our 21st - century access to youth captured in a gleaming Mason jar with a pinked square of gingham rubber - banded over the top , we are still visually tolerable if not downright irresistible when we 're 30 or 35 or 40 .
If you believe the fashion magazines -- which I devoutly do -- even 50 - and 60 - year - olds are ( lick finger , touch to imaginary surface , make sizzle noise ) pretty hot tickets .
We are also tickets with jobs and disposable income .
If we jump ship now , we 're still attractive prospects who may have another shot at happiness .
There 's just that tricky wicket of determining whether eternal comfort resides in the tried - and - true or whether the untried will be truer .
Our mothers , so old too young , believed that marriage was the best they could get .
We , the children of mothers who settled ( or were punished for not settling ) , wonder :
Is this as good as it gets ?
Our mothers feared being left alone .
We crave time alone .
Alone time is the new heroin .
Oprah.com :
Do you have a hard time being alone ?
What are we doing here ?
We were groomed to think bigger and better -- achievement was our birthright -- so it 's small surprise that our marriages are more freighted .
Marriage and its cruel cohort , fidelity , are a lot to expect from anyone , much less from swift - flying us .
Would we agree to wear the same eyeshadow or eat in the same restaurant every day for a lifetime ?
Nay , cry the villagers , the echo answers nay .
We believe in our superhood .
We count on it .
So , did our feminist foremothers set us up for failure ?
Or were they just trying to empower us so that we would n't buy into the notion of having to be a better better half ?
Either way , many of us semi bought into it .
As the tail end of the baby boomers / mavericks of Gen X , we still had one foot in the Good Girl pond , or at least the wet footprints leading out of it .
In the beginning , we felt obliged to join the race to have it all ; being married was an integral part of the contest and heaven forfend we should be disqualified .
Flash - forward to 10 years later , when we discover that we can get it all but whose harebrained scheme was this anyway ?
We can get jobs , get pregnant , get it done .
We can try -- with varying levels of success -- to get sleep , get fit , get control , and get those important Me-moments where one keeps a journal with thought - provoking lists that go " I 'm a woman first , a mother second , a laundress third . "
We get upset , we get over it .
What we do n't always get is : Why .
My high - powered , high - earning friend discovers that her magnificently indolent husband has been having an affair with a co-worker ; she threatens to give him the heave - ho , demurs when he demands that she pay the rent on his new apartment , and decides to work it out .
For now .
Why ?
A woman I know , the stay - at - home wife of a mogul -- a really nice mogul with multiple houses , a jet , a chef , the whole pizza pie -- throws it all over , packs up her two young children , and leaves him in search of greater satisfaction .
Why ?
I watch in frustration as my son desperately tries to talk to Will through a newspaper or computer screen or whatever other large , flat surfaces fathers place between themselves and filial communication , and yet I know in my heart that I would be mightily hard - pressed to remove this father from his son's house .
Why ?
Reasons and rationalizations abound and rebound .
It does n't matter whether the infractions are big or small .
At a certain point , we stop asking why and start asking how .
How did it come to this ?
How much longer can I go on ?
When there are no hows left , the jig is up .
I recently stood by as a clothing designer , a mother in her 40s , announced to a group of women that she was divorcing her husband .
The women 's faces flickered with curiosity , support , recognition , and -- could it be ? -- yearning .
Not a one of us suggested that she try harder to make it work .
No voice murmured , " What a shame . "
Because it is n't a shame .
Divorce is no longer the shame that spits stain upon womanly merit .
Conventional wisdom decrees that marriage takes work , but it does n't take work , it is work .
It 's a job -- intermittently fulfilling and annoying , with not enough vacation days .
Divorce is a job too ( with even fewer vacation days ) .
It 's a matter of weighing your options .
A friend once compared the prospect of leaving her husband to leaving her child 's private school :
The school was n't entirely to her liking , but her daughter was happy there ; it was n't what she 'd expected , but applying to other schools involved a lot of costly , complicated paperwork and the nagging uncertainty of whether another school would accept her and / or really be that much better .
Another friend viewed divorce as being akin to an extended juice fast :
You 're intrigued but skeptical , admiring yet apprehensive .
Is it dangerous ?
Does it work ?
You 're not completely sold , but then again , you could envision yourself attempting it down the road .
What this says to me ( other than : my friends sure do come up with awfully good metaphors ! ) is that women do n't view divorce as a scary , shadowy behemoth .
It 's an unpalatable yet manageable task -- like changing schools or extreme dieting -- that may or may not yield a better result .
To be sure , there will be throngs of angry women who will decry me for plunging a stake into the heart of holy matrimony .
" My husband is my lifeline , " I 've heard said ( and that 's bad news for the aorta ) .
" My husband and I never fight " is another marital chestnut -- again , bad news ( not to mention a big fat lie ) , since according to the experts , the strongest relationships are the ones in which people can continually agree to disagree .
" My husband is my best friend , " others will aver .
No .
Your husband is not your best friend .
Your best friend is your best friend .
If your husband were your best friend , what would that make your best friend -- the dog ?
When a woman tells me that her husband is her best friend , what I hear is : I do n't really have any friends .
But if self - delusion is your particular poison , well , then that 's fine too .
Just make sure that when you phone your life - order in , you say , " One self - delusion , please , " as opposed to " One perfect marriage . "
Fantasy , as we all know , does n't deliver .
Because in the end , that 's basically what it 's all about : getting your order right .
Our day comes down to choices -- and it's finally dawning on the long - term wives of the world that divorce may be the last - standing woman 's right to choose .
We can admit that our marriages are n't lambent , lyrical ice - dancing routines and still decide to push on together to the final flying sit spin .
We also realize that divorce is an alternative that 's fully within reach , be it now or later or never .
The more readily we acknowledge the solid utility of marriage ( as one friend 's husband put it , " I 'm essentially a checkbook and a sperm bank -- but I 'm okay with that ! " ) , the more ably we can splinter the box of marital fantasy that makes us feel stuck , trapped , obliged .
One eloquent swing of the ax and happiness is thrust firmly back into our own hands .
This is not to say that dismantling one 's marriage will automatically bring happiness ; it 's the idealization of marriage that needs to be shredded , along with its accompanying bumper sticker WIVES MAKE BETTER WOMEN .
If we stay , we stay because we decide to , not because our ankles and wrists have been locked into societal expectations .
If , after various efforts , we finally leave , we have the confidence to be the leavers and not the left .
Having choices is a cornerstone of strength : Choosers wo n't be beggars .
" Thinking about divorce is kind of like living in New York City with its museums and theater and culture , " a doctor friend of mine said .
" You may never actually go to any of these places , but for some reason , just the idea that you could if you wanted to makes you feel better . "
Maybe one day , marriage -- like the human appendix , male nipples , or your pinky toes -- will become a vestigial structure that will , in a millennium or two , be obsolete .
Our great - great - great - grandchildren 's grandchildren will ask each other in passing , " Remember marriage ?
What was its function again ?
Was it that maladaptive organ that intermittently produced gastrointestinal antigens and sometimes got so inflamed that it painfully erupted ? "
Yes .
Yes it was .
Until that day of obsolescence , we can confront the dilemma and consider the choice a privilege .
Once upon a time is the stuff of fairy tales .
As for happily ever after -- see appendix .
By Ellen Tien from " O , The Oprah Magazine , " May 2008
Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price .
That 's like getting 18 issues FREE .
Subscribe now !
TM & © 2009 Harpo Productions , Inc. All Rights Reserved .
All About Marriage • Relationships • Divorce
People have a tendency to accumulate stuff .
They load up their closets with it , their shelves with it , and much of their living space with it .
Take a peek inside your closets or your pantry for proof of this phenomenon .
Our own experience is another great example .
My wife has a much stronger tendency than I do to save things .
She ’ll put things away in boxes and stick them in the closet , even though the stuff probably wo n’t ever be used again .
It ’s simply her natural tendency .
My tendency is the opposite .
I tend to want to minimize the stuff I own .
When we ’ve pillaged our collections of books and DVDs and CDs in the past , for example , it was mostly a process where I wanted to eliminate virtually all of the items while she wanted to keep most of them , and we carefully compromised between our opposing viewpoints .
And that ’s still what we do – labeling boxes in the closet with date of last use and agreeing that boxes with labels more than a year past can be eliminated .
Here ’s the thing , though : all of that stuff stored in the closet is money just sitting there gathering dust , and it ’s particularly painful when you have difficulty making ends meet or are struggling valiantly to pay off debts .
Here are ten tactics to use to clear out a lot of your unused stuff ( freeing up space in your home ) while also putting some cash in your pocket .
1 . Go through all the stuff in your storage areas .
We have two lofts in our garage and a large storage area in our basement that tend to accumulate a lot of unwanted stuff .
These are great places to hit , as the items that wind up in storage in those areas are usually items that are seasonal ( which you ’d mostly keep ) or are never used ( which you can almost universally get rid of ) .
Go through your storage bins item by item as well – do n’t just keep or chuck a bin because of what you think is in it .
Tip # 1 : Take it out , then put it back I find it very useful , when cleaning out a storage area , to simply pull everything out onto the floor in a large room so that I can see all of it , then start putting items back in a sensible pattern .
This way , I ’m forced to consider each item multiple times and it forces me to take a specific action to keep it , instead of just seeing it there and deciding to be lazy and simply leave it in place .
2 . Go through all your clothes .
Get rid of anything that ’s worn , anything that does n’t fit well , and anything that just is n’t as aesthetically pleasing as you thought .
Again , it ’s useful to pull everything out , then only put back clothes that you actually will wear in the future , leaving out all of the pieces that do n’t fit in some way or another .
Not only will this likely eliminate quite a bit of your clothes , it ’ll also give you a chance to rearrange them into a more sensible system and refresh your wardrobe a bit as you ’ll be bringing forth some clothes that “ drifted ” to the back over time .
3. Empty out your kitchen cabinets and pantry .
This is one activity that I particularly enjoy doing , because I love being in the kitchen .
It ’s pretty simple , actually – just pull everything out of the cupboards and see what you have .
The goal here is n’t to get rid of stuff , but instead discover all of the interesting stuff that ’s slipped to the back unnoticed over the last few months .
These items always form the backbone of several meals for us , which are essentially free ones since , without the cupboard clean - out , these items would have been forgotten until past their expiration date .
If you ’ve got it , you might as well use it .
4 . Dig through your media collections ( DVDs , CDs , books , etc. ) .
Media collections are almost always overstuffed with items that we thought we ’d like , enjoyed once , and then forgot about since it was n’t nearly as transcendent as we thought it would be .
They fill our shelves , gather dust , and are forgotten about most of the time .
In other words , they ’re the perfect place to start trimming fat .
Go through each item and ask yourself honestly , “ Will I listen to / watch / read this item again in the next year or two ?
Or would I rather be doing something else ? ”
Every item that you honestly recognize as something you wo n’t pick up again soon is an item to get rid of .
Not only will this clear a lot of space ( making your living space much less cluttered ) , but it ’ll likely raise you a lot of money as well .
Tip # 2 : No replacements
When you ’re getting rid of a lot of your stuff , it can be tempting to replace some of it with shiny new stuff .
Do n’t .
Instead , put more effort into choosing high - quality items that you ’ll actually use again and again instead of just one - off items that you ’ll barely use that just fill space .
Think about each of your purchases , and make each one count .
5. Clean out your garage .
Garages are almost always accumulators of things that should be dealt with but are n’t , often resulting in a crowded and barely - functional mess .
Give your garage a thorough cleaning and get rid of that stuff you do n’t actually use .
With regards to the stuff that you do use , organize it so you can easily find it .
Bring in some well - labeled bins to keep track of things .
Install a pegboard to keep many of your tools hung up for easy access .
But , most importantly of all , get rid of the junk that just takes up space .
A more functional , clean garage gives you more breathing room to work on projects that can end up improving your home and saving you money .
6 . Walk through your whole house , evaluating what you actually use .
Many people have tons of items that just sit in their home , gathering dust without use or appreciation .
Video game consoles .
TVs that are never watched .
Decorations on shelves that no one in the family really likes .
Old chairs that no one sits in .
Look around your home carefully and look for the things that no one uses or no one likes .
Those are things that just take up space and should be sold .
7 . Take clothes and some individual items to consignment .
When you start unloading all of this stuff , the best place to go for starters is to a consignment shop , where they will sell many of your common and well - cared - for items for you and split the proceeds .
This is a great place to take clothes and some of your other individual items , depending on the shop ( decorative ones are usually good candidates for consignment ) .
This is an easy way for you to get some reasonable income from these items .
If you ’re feeling charitable ( or if clothes do n’t sell at consignment ) , take them to Goodwill – not only will you be helping others , but you can get a tax deduction from the receipt as well .
8 . Sell non-media collections on eBay , listing valuable individual items separately and less valuable ones in bulk .
e Bay is a great place to list obscure collectibles , such as trading cards , baseball cards , figurines , and so on , as well as individually valuable media items such as box sets .
In these cases , the effort of listing and packaging on eBay is worth it ; for individual DVDs , CDs , and other single media items that are n’t otherwise exceptional , it ’s not worth the effort , as the time you put in wo n’t be financially rewarded .
9 . Take media collections to used media stores ( or online swapping sites ) .
After you ’ve cleaned out your media collections , take the unwanted items to used media stores for cash .
The return here is fairly low , but it ’s very convenient and a quick way to eliminate big swaths of your media collection .
You can also try swapping the items online for other items , such as PaperBackSwap ( for book trading ) or SwapADVD ( for DVD swapping ) , but your goal should n’t be to accumulate more , but to essentially “ rent ” new items , enjoy them , then trade them away again .
Tip # 3 : Sentiment Many people tend to hang onto unwanted items for sentimental reasons , such as not offending family by getting rid of it .
Do n’t let sentiment make you keep an item you would n’t otherwise want .
For starters , the gift itself is often not one that the giver put extensive thought into , so you do n’t need to feel guilty about getting rid of something that they poured their thoughts into .
On the other hand , a caring and loving relative would not want you to keep something that you did n’t find personally valuable for no good reason .
Only keep items that are genuinely important to you , not items that you ’re only keeping because of potential guilt .
10 .
Have a yard sale for remaining items .
As for the remaining items you ’ve decided to get rid of , but do n’t know how to toss ?
Have a big yard sale for them .
If you have children , get them involved – have them bake cookies and make lemonade to sell at the yard sale .
Not only is this an opportunity to get rid of stuff , it can also provide you some cash and form the basis of a family weekend together .
After the yard sale , if there ’s still anything left from your unwanted stuff , give it away or trash it .
Good luck in getting rid of your unwanted and forgotten stuff – and turning it into cash !
Mitsubishi Motors Corp. will bring electric cars to the U.S. starting this fall in test programs announced Thursday with Pacific Gas & Electric Co. and Southern California Edison .
The Japanese automaker will deliver fewer than a dozen of its tiny i-MiEV electric cars to the utilities , but the company said it planned to use the programs to determine whether the U.S. was a viable mass market for such vehicles .
“ It ’s an important market , and we want to evaluate if electric cars are feasible as a commercial technology , ” said David Patterson , Mitsubishi ’s senior manager for regulatory affairs and certification .
Currently , only one company sells highway - legal electric cars in the U.S. : San Carlos , Calif . - based Tesla , which began delivering its $ 100,000 Roadster in April .
Electric cars made by General Motors Corp. , Toyota and other major carmakers were available on limited lease terms in California in the late 1990s , but most of those cars were recalled and the lease programs were discontinued .
Advertisement
Now , with gasoline prices roughly triple their 1990s level , interest in electric cars has risen significantly and a number of automakers are considering the technology , including Nissan and General Motors , which plans to release its electric Volt in late 2010 .
Mitsubishi will begin selling the i-MiEV in Japan starting in August 2009 for between $ 45,000 and $ 50,000 , not including government incentives of more than $ 15,000 .
A nonelectric version of the car , called the “ i , ” retails in Japan for about $ 20,000 .
The costliest component , Patterson said , was the car ’s advanced lithium ion battery , produced by Lithium Energy Japan .
Battery technology is considered the main obstacle to widespread adoption of electric and plug - in hybrid vehicles .
The battery , which can be charged in five to seven hours using 220 - volt current , gives the i-MiEV a 75 - mile range and a top speed of 81 mph .
It can hold the driver and three passengers .
Advertisement
--
ken.bensinger@latimes.com
A woman 's voice becomes more attractive to both men and women at the point in her monthly cycle when she is at her most fertile , according to a study of vocal changes during ovulation .
If the findings can be replicated , they will add further weight to the theory that women give off subtle and unwitting cues about their fertility as part of an evolutionary battle of the sexes centred on attractiveness and fidelity .
The research also found that men tend to find higher - pitched female voices more attractive : so the idea is that a woman 's voice would sound less like Mariella Frostrup and more like Marilyn Monroe at a certain time of the month .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Unlike most mammals , human females show no obvious signs of oestrus – the point when they ovulate and are at their most fertile – but some scientists believe there may be hidden signals that men , and other women , can subconsciously identify .
Nathan Pipitone and Gordon Gallup , of the State University of New York in Albany , investigated vocal attractiveness by recording female volunteers counting from one to 10 at four different points in their menstrual cycle , which they categorised as low to high risk of conception .
They then asked a panel of men and women to listen to the recorded voices and give their unbiased assessment as to whether they sounded attractive or not .
Both sexes judged the women 's voices to be sexiest when they were recorded at the times during their menstrual cycle when they were at their most fertile .
" The results showed a significant increase in voice attractiveness ratings as the risk of conception increased across the menstrual cycle in naturally cycling women .
There was no effect for women using hormonal contraceptives , " the scientists said .
" More work is needed to identify the biological mechanisms that underlie these perceptual differences , but growing evidence points to the impact of hormones on the larynx as being the source of these changes , " they say in the study , to be published in the Journal of Evolution and Human Behaviour .
A separate study by Gregory Bryant and Martie Haselton , of the University of California in Los Angeles , investigates the pitch of 33 women 's voices at various points in the menstrual cycle .
They found that the women tended to become higher pitched at the most fertile point of the cycle , during ovulation .
Previous work on female voice pitch had established that men tend to find higher - pitched voices more attractive .
Taken together , the findings of all three studies suggest that the female voice increases in pitch at the most fertile moment of the monthly cycle .
The fact that men notice differences in vocal attractiveness suggests there is a subtle evolutionary battle of the sexes going on , Dr Gallup told New Scientist magazine .
As women evolve ever more efficient ways to conceal fertility , men become increasingly sensitive to the small and subtle changes that take place .
Other scientists have documented changes to body scents , flirtatious behaviour and style of dress that they believe are also used as clues to a woman 's fertility status .
For instance , Geoffrey Millar , of the University of New Mexico , has shown that lap dancers tend to be given bigger tips by male customers when the women are ovulating .
" The voice changes might explain some of the shift in lap dancer tip earnings .
Dancers certainly chat with their customers , " Dr Millar told New Scientist .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Wachovia Corp , the fourth - largest U.S. bank , on Tuesday posted an $ 8.86 billion second - quarter loss , slashed its dividend and announced the elimination of more than 10,700 jobs after losses tied to mortgages soared .
A man uses a Wachovia ATM machine in the Hartsfield - Jackson International Airport in Atlanta , Georgia , April 14 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Mike Blake
Its shares fell $ 1.25 , or 9.5 percent , to $ 11.93 in premarket trading .
The net loss for the Charlotte , North Carolina - based bank equaled $ 4.20 per share , and compared with a profit of $ 2.34 billion , or $ 1.22 , a year earlier .
Excluding items , the loss was $ 1.27 per share , compared with the average analyst estimate of $ 1.30 , according to Reuters Estimates .
Results included a $ 6.06 billion write - down of goodwill because asset values declined , and reflected a $ 4.19 billion increase in reserves for bad loans .
“ The credit deterioration was worse than expected , ” said Gerard Cassidy , an analyst at RBC Capital Markets , who has a “ sector perform ” rating on the bank .
“ Wachovia is in capital - preserving mode , which means it has to shrink its balance sheet , leading to a vice - like effect on income statement , ” he added .
“ Revenue growth will likely shrink , even as operating expenses rise .
This will lead to lower earnings , or possibly losses , in the future . ”
Results included a $ 975 million charge related to the tax treatment of leveraged leases , $ 936 million of losses from disrupted capital markets , a $ 590 million charge for other legal matters , and $ 391 million of losses on securities sales .
“ These bottom - line results are disappointing and unacceptable , ” Chairman Lanty Smith said in a statement .
“ While to some degree they reflect industry headwinds and weaker macroeconomic conditions , they also reflect performance for which we at Wachovia accept responsibility . ”
Wachovia slashed its quarterly dividend 87 percent to 5 cents per share from 37.5 cents , and has now lowered it 92 percent this year .
The bank said it plans to cut 6,350 jobs , affecting more than 5 percent of its roughly 120,000 employees .
Wachovia said it will also eliminate 4,400 open positions and contractors .
Wachovia said it has cut 2,000 retail mortgage jobs , and plans to eliminate 4,400 more in the next year .
It said it plans to sell at least $ 20 billion of loans and securities by year ’s end , and cut 2009 expense growth by $ 1.5 billion .
JOB CUTS
Robert Steel , the bank ’s new chief executive , is trying to unload troubled assets and slash costs following Wachovia ’s disastrous $ 24.2 billion purchase in October 2006 of Golden West Financial Corp , a specialist in option adjustable - rate mortgages .
Steel is a former U.S. Treasury undersecretary for domestic finance .
Wachovia hired him two weeks ago to replace Ken Thompson , whom it ousted a month earlier .
“ In the short term , the entire organization is focused on protecting , preserving and generating capital , reinforcing Wachovia ’s strong liquidity position , and reducing risk , ” Steel said in a statement .
Wachovia said it ended the quarter with a Tier 1 capital ratio , which measures its ability to cover losses , of 8 percent .
Regulators consider 6 percent sufficient .
Wachovia raised $ 8.05 billion of capital in April .
On July 9 , Wachovia had projected a $ 2.6 billion to $ 2.8 billion quarterly loss , equal to $ 1.23 to $ 1.33 per share , excluding goodwill items .
Fitch Ratings on Tuesday lowered the bank ’s credit rating .
MORTGAGE LOSSES
Wachovia ’s increase in loan loss reserves included $ 3.3 billion related to the $ 122 billion portfolio of “ Pick - a - Pay ” mortgages in which Golden West specialized , and which enticed Wachovia to buy Golden West in the first place .
The bank has since stopped making those loans , and on Monday said it will stop offering home loans through brokers .
Wachovia is setting aside $ 10.96 billion for credit losses , up from $ 6.77 billion in the first quarter and $ 3.55 billion a year earlier .
Net charge - offs increased more than eight - fold from a year earlier to $ 1.31 billion .
The corporate and investment banking unit had a $ 209 million profit , down 73 percent , reflecting write - downs tied to subprime mortgages , commercial mortgages , non-subprime debt and consumer mortgages .
Profits in consumer and business banking , Wachovia ’s largest unit , fell 23 percent to $ 1.12 billion , hurt by rising credit costs , mainly for mortgages .
Capital management profit fell 5 percent to $ 297 million , hurt by the liquidation of an Evergreen Investments fund , while wealth management profit rose 9 percent to $ 98 million .
Through Monday , Wachovia shares had plunged 65 percent this year , compared with a 30 percent drop in the KBW Bank Index .
Basics
Learn What Chemistry Is , What Chemists Do and Why You Should Study It
Nothing to Be Frightened Of
By Julian BarnesKnopf , 243 pp. , $ 24.95
Julian Barnes tries ; he tries mightily and repeatedly in these protracted variations on and digressions away from the Big Last Thing .
But in the end , like Emily Dickinson , he has n't been able to Stop for Death , and plainly ( barring a late unwelcome word before this gets into print ) Death has n't Stopped for Him .
" Nothing to Be Frightened Of " circles the age - old theme we starkly put as : " I am going to die . "
Back in the 15th century the Scottish poet William Dunbar wrote " Lament for the Makers , " a desolate landscape of death 's depredations .
The phrase " timor mortis conturbat me " ( fear of dying torments me ) tolls at every fourth line .
Barnes is a British novelist of humane irony , antic imagination , and unsettling perceptiveness .
He constructs a many - leveled scaffolding of argument , memoir , literary reference , and musings all around the dark pit .
He does n't quite convince us he is staring into it .
" Oh no , oh no , OH NO ! " he reports wailing after awaking to a sudden death thought .
And then reflects that as a writer he ought to have found better words .
Perhaps that only seems frivolous ; it could be the medieval trope of death stripping the beauty of her looks , the rich man of his wealth , the sovereign of his state , and - here - the artist of his voice .
Mainly , though , Barnes writes around death more than about it .
Between the mortis and the conturbat falls a self - conscious beat of the breath .
Medusa 's contemporary visage lacks snakes ; there is no defiance in staring into it .
Better to juggle it .
The juggle takes us traveling through a variety of precincts .
One of the most compelling is Barnes 's wary , still estranged treatment of his mother and father .
Both were schoolteachers , she bossy and opinionated , he mild and ironic .
As a philosopher brother put it : " I incline to think that the strongest feeling Mother ever allowed herself was severe irritation , while Father no doubt knew all about boredom . "
His true parents , Barnes insists , were writers and composers ; his filial account has more to do with remains than lives .
He bundled odds and ends from the parental house in trash bags ; then , economically , emptied the contents into the dump and saved the bags .
Hearing a metal cowbell that had been purchased by his father clanking down " felt slightly cheap : as if I had buried my parents in a paper bag rather than a proper coffin . "
Seeming coldness ; in fact something a little different .
Barnes applies life - mocked - by - death to his mother and father , not so much exploring who they were as " trying to work out how dead they are . "
He makes any number of excursions away from the death theme before circling back .
Some are commonplace - on free will , memory , the old philosophic argument about the reality of reality - and wanderingly unfocused .
His strength lies in particulars , and many are splendid .
In quantum physics , the Heisenberg uncertainty principle is the statement that locating a particle in a small region of space makes the momentum of the particle uncertain ; and conversely , that measuring the momentum of a particle precisely makes the position uncertain .
( wikipedia )
So hey , surprise , I ’m still alive !
And also I ’m surprised anyone read this blog , surprised anyone concocted theories about what might have happened to me , and surprised people are still checking in 10 years later wondering where I am .
We ’re all surprised !
First off , I ’m fine .
Nothing happened to me .
I ’ve struggled with depression on and off for my entire life , and winter of 2009 was a really bad one for me .
I stopped doing anything that was n’t helping me actively feel better , and that included reading the Quran and writing this blog .
I should have come on here to write a silly post about why I was n’t blogging anymore , but in the fog of depression , I figured nobody was paying attention anyway .
( That ’s a thing depression does — fun ! )
By the time I pulled myself out of that hole several years later , I ’d simply moved on with my life .
Whichever one of you wrote about Occam ’s Razor in the comments section — ding ding ding !
You get the prize .
My trusty old copy of the Quran , the one I ’d had since college , has been abandoned somewhere along the way .
I lost the desire to ever actually read the book so I put it in a box and left it in the attic of a house before I moved out .
I wonder sometimes if someone ever found that beat - up old thing , complete with my shitty little notes about farts in the margins .
I ’m taking down my posts from 2008 and 2009 .
I ’m so happy I found Jesus and he helped me get through that hard time .
Haw haw !
JK , I ’m still a big old atheist .
Maybe even bigger than before because I ’m proudly out to my ( still Muslim ) family and they ’ve accepted it and moved on with life .
I ’m not removing my posts because I ’m ashamed of them .
I re-read them before writing this post and I made myself laugh .
It looks like some Trump - loving dummies have posted links on Reddit .
For the record , fuck Trump and fuck those people .
Even way back then , I had politically conservative jackasses using my words as a way to bash Muslims simply for being Muslims , versus the point of the thing — all religion is dumb , this is just the dumbness I grew up with and I ’m exploring that dumbness .
I just do n’t have the time / energy / desire to shout into the void that ’s the internet .
These days , it feels hard enough being a brown person without religion in the mix at all .
So , screw it , I ’m taking it down .
I read through the unpublished comments folks left and sprinkled in between the usual god - will - punish - you garbage , I found a small handful of comments like this : “ KafirGirl was pivotal in my leaving of Islam ( and loving it ) … ” That warms my icy little heart more than you can ever know .
I did a thing and it had an impact on someone .
That ’s that .
Thanks for caring and wondering where I ’ve been .
Now go forth and live life , because this is our one shot at it and it ’s too damn short to spend yelling at dummies on the internet .
And if you ’re struggling with depression , get help .
It changed my life — with zero gods involved ;)
— KafirGirl
Bookmark and check back for more !
Updated throughout the day
Hi !
Just so you know , you can click on the $ up there to support XKCDB .
( This box will go away after you vote once . )
# 2224 ⇧ ( +504/-138 ) ⇩
< wjw75 > I really like Obscure Album by Band You 've Never Heard
Of , because it gives me a feeling of smug superiority whilst allowing me to express my unique individualism .
< jmmcd >
Yes but Earlier Stuff by the same band is far better .
< ABabyAteMyDingo >
You should hear Solo Album the lead singer made under the name Pseudonym .
< buddhahat >
What you really want ( but ca n't get ) is the Impossibly Hard to Come By vinyl only recording of The Concert Only 3 People Knew About .
< munificent >
I was at that concert .
The recording does n't hold a candle to the live experience .
< postdarwin >
Yeah , but the sound in the hall was crap .
< postdarwin >
I was backstage at The Concert Only 3 People Knew About by Lead Singer ( which was eventually released as Impossibly Hard To Come by vinyl ) and I captured the unmastered output from the monitor mix desk .
< postdarwin >
This was by far the best performance by any band ever .
Unfortunately , I can't remember what I named the file -- something like CTX000118. wav I think .
< vkkim >
Heh , I used to sell their drummer coke and I kept / my / recording .
I 'll trade you the FLACs for Lead Singer 's experimental work he did in college while tripping on acid .
< vkkim >
That shit is so raw , you can't even tell it 's music .
< vkkim >
Rumor has it that he did n't even plan on recording it , but left his 4 - track recorder on accidentally while having sex .
He even got the last of the Dying Lizards in on it too .
Crazy .
< bitt3n > I am Lead Singer and I do n't know what the hell you wankers are talking about .
I ripped all my riffs off of Boy George albums transcribed into 3/4 time .
< bitt3n >
Hell , my most famous song , College Radio Sensation , is just " Karma Chameleon " played at 33 RPM .
< cedarzero > Dear Lead Singer , I am writing to say that rips of your band 's first three 45's showed up recently in my feeds , and I listened to them without historical or cultural baggage .
< cedarzero >
I found them enjoyable , and I think it 's a shame they 're out of print .
It 's good work .
< cedarzero > Best , Amateur Musicologist
< infosnax >
But did you get there in time to see Opening Band , who served as a real inspiration for all of BYNHO 's work ?
I did .
< infosnax >
I 'm pretty sure I was the only one there .
< munificent >
I caught them playing acoustic in the back yard at the after party when Local Legend Who Split Up Just Before Getting Huge showed up and jammed with them .
< jmmcd >
Only us true fans refer to them as BYNHO .
High - five !
< Chthonius >
True fans know that they changed the spelling to B!YNHO from BYNHO ! to distinguish themselves from the Japanese movie of the same name .
< memsisthefuture > Man , Opening Band is such a ripoff .
They stole most of their material from Dull Smoked Up 70's Band , and what they did n't steal just sucks .
< petdance > I call bullshit .
If you were an actual hipster you would have said " show , " not " concert . "
< runeinalya >
Solo Album was n't really all that great .
Lead Singer 's old band was so much better on their first demo recording in their attic when they were all in middle school .
< kirun >
Dude , they totally sold out when they released Next Album on Label That Once Signed Popular Artist .
< ibsulon >
Dude , that was such an underrated album !
Everyone hated it just because it was on a major label and had commercial production values .
If the True Fans ( TM ) would have supported it , they would n't have broken up and who knows what they would have come up with next ?
<-J->
Well their last album title ' " True / Fans / ( TM ) " ' was kind of sarcastic and is known as their " fare bad " album rather than their fare well .
<-J->
Kind of a slap in the face if you ask me .
<-J->
With songs like " It Was All Your Fault You Lazy Bastards " , and " You 're So Dumb ( I Bet You Don't Even Know What This Song Means ) " to the tune of Carly Simons ' " You 're So Vein " , and " Did You Ever Even Hear Of Us ? " , how could one not feel a little bit put off by their gratitude to their real
fans who you 've never heard of ?
< blankaccount >
I really liked Less Obscure ' Pop Outsiders ' That Are Worse than Band You 've Never Heard Of But Which Allow Me to Maintain Superiority Even Above them by Complying With Certain Conformities .
< schneby >
I like Comeback 80's Band with New Lead Singer Guy .
< memsisthefuture > Pssh !
Come on , gimme a break .
They are ruining their good reputation .
New Lead Singer
Guy is n't even half the man Heroin Overdose Dude was .
< toastspork >
Oh , them .
< toastspork >
Yeah , I knew them before anyone knew who they were .
Even before * they * knew who they were .
< clearwaterlab >
I liked their older stuff , especially the album recorded in a jail cell .
That 's RAW .
< shootdashit > why wo n't anyone mention this band 's name you 're all talking about ?!
it sounds fuckin ' awesome .
Enlarge AP Omar Khadr is shown in an interrogation room at the Guatanamo U.S. Naval Base prison in 2003 while being questioned by members of the Canadian Security Intelligence Service .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) 
The Bush administration is telling a federal appeals court that it has the authority to detain a Canadian who was captured in Afghanistan when he was 15 and is accused of killing a U.S. soldier .
Attorneys for Omar Khadr , who is being held at the U.S. military prison in Guantanamo Bay , say international law bars governments from detaining people that young as enemy combatants or prosecuting them for war crimes .
The government , in a filing Friday with the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit , says the military has the authority on the battlefield to capture and detain anyone , including juveniles , who attack and kill U.S. soldiers .
The court will hear arguments in the case on Sept.
4 . Copyright 2008 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
McCain ’s nasty demeanor at the campaign really came through last night .
The Los Angeles Times picked up on the Republican nominee ’s petulant behavior :
It was a debate , mostly civil though occasionally cranky , between a tough old man and a polished young one .
McCain revealed more of himself in that arena , wincing and grimacing during the split - screen shots while Obama was speaking .
That dynamic threaded its way through the emotional highlights of the event .
Time and again , McCain , who is 72 and would be the oldest man ever elected to a first term , condescended to Obama , who is 47 and one of the youngest ever to win his party ’s nomination .
“ He does n’t understand , ” McCain said repeatedly .
Discussing Obama ’s willingness to engage in talks with Iran without preconditions , McCain said : “ It is n’t just naive .
It ’s dangerous . ”
Obama declined to be belittled .
Although McCain refused to address him directly — despite encouragement from moderator Jim Lehrer — Obama looked at and spoke to McCain .
Obama often credited McCain on issues — a grace that was not reciprocated — but he did not accept the role of junior candidate .
1. I am here with Simon Peyton Jones and we are going to talk about the programming language in general , Haskell in particular .
Simon , why do n't you tell us about yourself and what you 've been up to lately ?
I work for Microsoft Research Lab in Cambridge .
I 've been there for 10 years now .
Before that I was an university professor in Computer Science .
I moved to Microsoft for a change , so I feel like a person who is on sabbatical from University , only all the time .
I get to do more or less what I like and what I like is studying functional programming languages because I am interested in making computers easier to program .
At the moment , I think that functional languages offer at least one big way to make the ultimate computers easier to program .
All that I do has to do with a language called Haskell .
Haskell is n't the thing I study directly ; it 's the base on which I stand .
We 've got Haskell , the programming language , along with the colleagues in Marlow - we 've built a compiler called GHC for Haskell - and lots of people use that .
Now what I can do is to study some new programming language features , like transactional memory .
We put it in GHC and engineer it well then , in the next release , lots of people start using it ; we get lots of good feedback .
So it is a really good kind of feedback for learning about how programming language features work .
2 . The last Microsoft researches are trying to find a multi-paradigm language that actually is a functional programming language and is an object programming language , that has a mutation , like F# and Scala ; can you elaborate on that ?
Does it solve the kind of problem that we are facing today in the mainstream ?
I suppose 2 different things can go on : one if you can start from where we are in the mainstream , which is with object oriented programming essentially , and you could try to add good things from functional programming to it often and concurrency to it and that moves you in a good direction .
That is what 's happening with F# and it's same , to some extent , with C# itself , which is going many functional languages inspired features .
But somehow , what you have is always a compromise .
For start , we are not taking anything away , we are just adding things .
That makes the whole enterprise more complicated - that is already pretty sophisticated to begin with - and also it can be easier to study something in isolation , so I see what 's happening there as we were in the center gravity of the programming world and what people like me are doing .
Let 's take a principled approach : in particular for Haskell this means very serious about purity - the lack of side effects - , not because that is going to solve all problems now , but because it 's worth some people studying that as it were under laboratory conditions .
I gave an example in the talk I 've just given about the cross-virtualization of what can take place between those approaches : I took transactional memory from the mainstream world , studied it in the Haskell world and in that we learnt new things that we sensed able to transplant back .
I do n't see these approaches as being in competition , one being better than the other , I see them as being complementary and heading towards the same ultimate destination .
3 . For example , C# added some functional programming structures ; do you think that the syntax matters ?
You program functional programming with C# syntax , do n't you think it matters like it will make the programmers program with their old culture of imperative programming because they got the syntax , inside C# ?
It 's conventional to say syntax is n't really important in programming languages , you still get passed it , but I think that actually syntax is the use of interface of a programming language .
So it does quite have long term and pervasive effects , I think .
Of course , adding new features to a language like C# , which already has a pretty full syntactic space , means you might not do everything exactly as you might choose .
Actually , I think it has worked out quite well - the syntax they have chosen for LinQ and for the lambda expressions .
More than the syntax , perhaps the question would be "
To what extent is it convenient to write significant chunks of your program , rather than little fragments in a functional style ? " .
There is n't any lambda expression in C # but has particularly to do with LinQ when you say " Filter this record by this predicate , by this boolean expression " and then it 's very helpful .
But these lambda expressions are rather small , they are typically one - liners , so to grow C# into a language in which you could write whole modules using only functions , it 's not a very convenient medium to do that in .
That 's more than just syntax , it 's function application .
If you take a function valued thing and a value even to do the apply - is more than putting them next to each other - you got to have an apply operator .
Because it is doing many things at once , you can't blame C# , because it 's doing lots of other things that a language like Haskell is n't , but if we try to do a lot at once than any particular thing it may be not quite as convenient .
Whether that , in turn , color people 's understanding or perception of functional programming because they will think " This is so clumsy " , I hope not , I hope they will think " This is quite cool and maybe I should try it in a pure form as well " .
4 . In programming languages like C# or Java we compose objects , we have patterns for composing objects .
In functional programming we compose functions .
What do you think about that ?
The same thing is done in 2 paradigms : in an object you need to create a lot of objects and in function you just compose with monads and other stuff .
What is your take on that ?
I am not really an experienced object oriented programmer so I do n't think I have that kind of visual big picture field for what large scale object composition feels like in object oriented language .
I think you are talking about design patterns .
Design patterns are somewhat informal descriptions about ways in which you can compose objects together .
The informality is a strength because it gives them a quite broad applicability and it's also a weakness because it's not manifested as a library and it's not object ; it 's a sort of more what goes on in your head .
I 've often thought about what corresponds to design patterns in a functional language , because there has n't been a design pattern book for functional programming in the same way it has for object oriented programming and I wondered why .
So I do n't think I have a categorical answer .
I think one way to answer might be that many ways of composing functions can be expressed as high order functions , so they are functions that take functions as arguments and glue them together .
They are just more programs .
In a way , we do n't think of them as something different , they are just yet more functions , but actually they are functions whose role is to glue together other guys .
Let 's see if we can take an example : map the function that applies a function to every element of a list to an array or a set is such a thing , because it takes a function as its argument .
But in larger scale programming , you tend to get larger scale high order functions .
I do n't know if high order functions really encapsulate all what object oriented programmers think of when they think of design patterns .
I 'm still waiting for the day when somebody produces a functional programming book called " Functional design patterns " .
5 . Can you elaborate more about what you think of the implementation of list comprehensions in C# ?
It 's not exactly a Language INtegrated Query , it 's actually a language integrated monads , because it introduces monads inside C#
The clever thing about LinQ ; what they could have done , is they could have just said " Take SQL and plop it into the language and we do just that one thing " .
But they were clever , they made a way to do Sequel - like queries over arbitrey iterators , so things that can produce a stream of values .
And they also made it extensible so that you can add new iterators , you can plug in , and you can also elaborate the basic LinQ framework , because they give you access to these expression trees .
To be honest , Erik is an expert about Link , but it is quite right to say that it was generalized from the specific instantiation of " Let 's deal with Sequel queries " .
I believe the part of the development process was people liked Erik who knew all about monad saying " We know how to generalize this " .
He would take this much more general framework that came from Haskell and similar languages , apply it in this C# context and then have the material effect on the level of generality they were able to do .
I think that if they did n't have that input we might have seen something that was less flexible than what we have now .
What 's being implemented and what it 's designed to be implemented is quite distinctively C#-ish .
They have come with a nice design , and I do n't understand all its ramifications without having used it in a serious way .
But you can see direct deliniage and that 's something they acknowledge these days , too .
6. LINQ was one of the concepts on the list comprehension ; do you think that there are other monads or other abstractions that can be taken in Haskell and then be implemented in the mainstream , other than lists ?
Partly there are matters of convenience .
In functional programming languages it is very convenient to build data structures and do pattern matching over them and you can do it with something that is isomorphic to that , in an object oriented language , but is just not as convenient .
It 's not dialectical syntax that 's discouraging ; you have to write much more stuff .
That discourages you from a particular kind of programming pattern .
I do n't know whether just lobbing in some kind of syntactic support for that would make the difference ; maybe it would .
Scala gets a lot closer , I think .
So that 's a syntactic pattern matching , a very early thing to be coming across in functional programming .
The burden I talked about this morning was about effects and purity so I think that , perhaps the biggest thing that will end up learning from a purely functional world and dragging somehow into the mainstream is the idea of constraining the effects that a subprogram or functional procedure can have .
Maybe it 's just to say it 's completely pure , but you may also want to limit its effects - if you are involved in transactional memory - so that the procedure can only read and write transactional variables ; it cannot perform IO and it cannot read and write non-transactional variables .
When you have those guarantees , if it 's statically guaranteed , it makes it much easier to implement it the best way .
I am guessing that in the future we 'll see mainstream languages with some way of confining effects ; I do n't know exactly what that is going to look like but it seems there are too many reasons why that 's important .
7 . What do you think of tree monads or continuations or other kinds of monads that can get implemented in the C# ?
Do you think it can be useful for industry ?
What you are referring to here is that , in Haskell , the idea of a monad usually shows up initially in people 's programs in the form of input / output .
We 've also talked about a transactional monad but there is actually nothing built in about monads at all in Haskell ; there is nothing in the compiler that says " I know this is a monad " , except a little bit of syntactic sugar for " do " notation .
But what that means is that programmers can define new monads of their own and you mentioned a couple of continuations passing ; encapsulated state is another one .
Encapsulated state means sometimes that you have a computation like a sorting algorithm , which externally is a pure function .
It takes - let 's say - an array and it produces a sorted array .
Internally , it may do lots of side - effects , but it 's external interface is completely pure and you can't tell that it 's implemented using side - effects .
Now how could you encapsulate that so that its internal imperativeness was not visible outside and have that statically guaranteed ?
It turns out , using this monadic framework you can do that without any compiler extensions in a language like Haskell .
What I am saying is that , probably more important than any particular monad , is the fact that you can define new monads or monad transformers of your own .
That means that - for any particular application program - you get to shape your monad if you want to use one to fit your program .
That would be a facility that would be very nice to see in a language like C# , but I think it 's speculating wildly to say " How could you take these elaborately abstracted things ? " .
To have monads you need to have higher kind type variables , which means that in a generic language you can say " list of T " ; T is a variable that stands for type like int or float or perhaps list of int .
So that T stands for " type " .
We might also want the T to stand for a type constructor , so we have list of T and arrays of T , maybe you might have some M that might want to become a list or an array .
So M now is going to be something which takes a type and delivers a type , it 's a type - to - type function , if you like , it 's a variable that abstracts over that .
So that 's something of your .NET does n't have at all .
It 's very important for the way that monads are generalized in Haskell .
There is a place that I am not quite sure how it can be retrofitted without adding high kind type variables to .
NET .
Maybe they will do that sooner or later , who knows ?
But at some point you can't just keep shoveling new stuff into a language .
There is a sort of clash of paradigms and you just get the dog 's breakfast .
I do n't know if we have reached that point with C# yet .
The drift of your question is a lot : can we just keep lifting things up and dumping them in there ?
But at some point I guess it will become unsatisfactory to do so , and that 's not a criticism of mainstream programming , it 's just they were designed for different purpose .
8 . We 've got Lisp and Smalltalk and they 've got really minimum syntax there ; and we 've got C++ , C# as well , and they have lot of syntax , I mean where do you think Haskell is in between and what do you think of that ?
Does syntax add complexity or does it remove complexity for developers ?
This is the use of interface issue again , is n't it ?
I think syntax is coming in 2 flavors : some of it is superficial and in Haskell I can define a function like this ƒ x=let y=x + 1 in y * y , but I can also define the same function like this ƒ x= y * y where y=x +1 .
This is plainly just syntax , I am just using " where " instead of " let " ; there is minor difference : " let " expression is going to occur anywhere , while " where " is going to occur attached to definitions , but nevertheless , it 's pretty superficial difference .
We had a big argument when we first designed Haskell " We should have only one way to do everything " , in fact we ended up with a language in which we provided multiple syntactic ways to achieve the same thing , because when you write programs , it turns out that sometimes " let " says it in the way you want to say it in that point and sometimes " where " says it more nicely .
I think that 's a superficial complexity because it's not really intellectually complicated for a programmer to understand what either of these programs mean .
You are showing it , and that 's it , you do n't have to ask anymore .
Some things have much deeper complexity , like a list comprehension .
In Haskell you say here is the list of all [ y*y |y?yy , y > 3 ] .
This kind of comprehension is a showing up in other languages like Python and Ruby as well .
So here there is a bit more to explain about what this might mean .
In fact , I 've recently generalized this to be more SQL - like so that you can have group by and sort by clauses in this list comprehensions as well .
But they are still somewhat superficial and then there is deeper stuff .
An example of a deeper syntactic issue would be type classes .
Haskell type classes are very different from object oriented classes , but nevertheless you could say they are just syntax class declarations , instance declarations but actually they are just the surface syntax for a whole collection of concepts that you have to understand .
So I am trying to distinguish between superficial syntax and the deep stuff .
I am very relaxed about superficial syntax and , for the deep stuff , Haskell has this big concept of type classes because it makes lots of programs easier to write .
But undoubtedly it 's something you have to get used to if you want to write in a particular language - object oriented classes just the same .
Smalltalk and Lisp both have the property , but not only is their syntax very modest but they also get away with a great economy of concepts , since Smalltalk is just objects and messages and there are just S - expressions and lambdas which can capture free variables .
They are extremely economical with the deep stuff , too , and they choose their deep stuff so that it 's extremely powerful .
But there is a tradeoff because the lambda calculus - Lisp - is very powerful , but to express anything in particular it may take you a fairly large number of parentheses .
This is also called " lots of irritating superfluous parentheses " .
So then you say " come on let 's make convenient the things we want to do a lot " and that 's the role of superficial complexity .
I am actually a supporter of having fairly rich syntax .
The thing that Lisp gives you , that is difficult when you have a rich syntax , is that the program itself in Lisp is a data structure that can be manipulated by Lisp programs , so it makes meta - programming very easy .
Because Haskell has a rather rich syntax , which is the Microsoft word meaning " extremely complicated and hard to understand " - it 's sort of code , so always be suspicious when you hear people saying " rich " - , so rich meaning a lot of constructs but I think the most different in superficial ways .
Nevertheless , if you want to write a program that manipulates the Haskell program , then you have pretty big syntactic variations to cope with .
That 's a tradeoff - it 's harder to make because the meta - programming thing is very convenient for writing certain kinds of program , but it means all programmers in Lisp have to just write in this very small language .
I guess that there is just a tradeoff .
But in C++ for example , it 's extremely complicated ; it has lots of deep complexity .
I do n't think I understand all of C++ at all .
Haskell has a fair amount too , to be fair , that has grown over time .
I am suggesting " concentrate on the deep complexity not the superficial syntax " .
9 . The idea of a functional language kind of scares me .
Basically , it seems that when you think of an object , it seems to map to the everyday world , so " person.hand.scratch( otherhand ) " , where you have the methods and the properties also within a given object .
It seems there is a kind of change in paradigm and a whole change and thought process that comes along with accepting functional programming and programming functionally .
Do you think that may be one of the reasons that object oriented programming languages are mainstream ?
Is there a way to bridge that gap between functional and object oriented ?
I think that , undoubtedly , imperative programming languages generally and object - oriented ones in particular , have very good kind of mapping to an operational model .
You can imagine these locations getting mutated and imagine how the program executes step by step .
It 's actually a pretty close look at what happens in the real machine underneath .
We have a pretty good operational understanding of that .
A lot of people use spreadsheet and they do n't think of themselves as programmers at all ; they think that it is modeling and you do n't have to explain to them if you do n't think it 's a sequence of steps .
I tried to say this in my talk earlier .
The idea of trying to treat computations as functions that process values , when it 's presented in that functional programming kind of way , seems quite natural .
If you are somebody who is an experienced object - oriented programmer and you try in a half a day to learn a language like Haskell and Lisp , the thought processes are indeed very different , a lot of the habits you are going on doing do n't work very well .
I spent a morning taking snowboard lessons and I am sort of intermediate skier , I can stay up on skies and get down on the steep slopes .
I spent the most awful morning on a snowboard , with an instructor ; I fell over all the time , because my instincts were just completely wrong .
Every instinctive body motion I made , made me fall over .
I gave it up , I 'm back on skies .
There is something of that feeling in it , that initially seems not just awkward but positively exhausting .
Why would you ever want to do this ?
Then you learn the language and I do n't think we have much experience yet of what happens if you have learnt it earlier .
More people are coming out of universities with some exposure to functional programming and I think that 's a good thing .
But I will say this : I think of repeated experience of people who 've just made the experiment of saying " Well , I 'll just try to put my free conceptions on one side , just give it a world , and just have a go , and stick it long enough to get a few of the ' aha ' feelings " .
Those people often say " Now I 'm going back to my Java programs and I write them in a different way .
I think about them differently .
So I had to rewire my brain but some of that rewiring has benefited the rest of my life .
Now why is that ? "
I think it 's because what happens is you can do functional programming in Java ; you tend to program with more immutable objects ; you get given a string and instead of screwing with that string and changing it , you copy it to something else then you still have the old one available and there is less interactions in your program and you find yourself doing more of that .
You might wonder whether " is it efficient enough ? "
Actually , these days it probably is : good garbage collectors , good storage allocators .
Everything I do as a compiler writer is aimed to make that allocation and stuff happen fast .
Those functional programming habits can then go back into the imperative world for the reasons that I was trying to describe into my talk .
I think the habit of writing with fewer , as if they were accidental , side effects , the ones that are incidental to the internals of a computation but not important to its external behavior , those incidental side effects - getting rid of those you can do without - changing your whole programming paradigm .
But you can still do that in an imperative language and you end up with programs which have some of the benefits that I was trying to describe .
The bottom line is , it 's a brain rewiring experience and there is no getting away from this , it 's not like switching from Java to C# , or even from that to C ++.
10 .
Could you give us an idea of what is going to be coming down the line in a few a few months ?
What 's interesting ?
What can you see on the horizon that you are going to be trying out on your Haskell test pad ?
I know no more than you do actually .
Microsoft is going to productize F# and even if I work for Microsoft , I learn most about what Microsoft is going to do from the press .
As far as I am personally working on now , what I am excited about , one big thing I am working on is exactly this parallelism thing , in particular , quite successful with transactional memory .
You can download GHC and you have transactional memory system that works very nicely on your multicore but it's not enough because transactional memory means you are spawning threads .
It 's like you are forking processes and they communicate through shared memory , so that 's under your control .
It 's only limited amount of parallelism and you can exploit that through 100 processes .
It 's tough to find enough of them to do .
The place that I think you would get lots of processes busy is using data parallelism .
Data parallelism - a very old idea - means do the same thing to lots of elements of a large aggregate , an array say , at the same time .
Divide your array up into chunks , one for each process , each process does it 's chunk and they agree when they finished .
That 's data parallelism , very successful in practice : MPI , Google 's map produce , high performance Fortran , that kind of stuff .
But it 's flat ; what I mean is that you do the same thing to every element of an array but the thing you do is sequential .
Not every algorithm maps nicely onto that paradigm .
A more flexible one is : in data parallel do the same thing to every element of this array but the thing that you do can itself be a data parallel algorithm .
That is working in data parallel across some other vector and the thing you are doing to each element of that may itself be data parallel .
Now you can see that the parallelism tree gets some forking at the top , and little forks and then it's a rather bushy complicated structure so that is a lot better for programmers but it 's a lot worse for the implementation .
It 's hard to implement that well , because the things that are the leaves of this bushy tree might be little floating - point instructions on a floating point number .
You do n't want to spawn a thread for that , you do n't want to spawn a hundred million threads for those leaves .
You are going to get some way of recovering granularity flat data parallelism , even though there may be hundred million elements in the array , if you have 10 processes , 10 million elements on each processer : sequential loop - very efficient mechanism .
Guy Blelloch , in the 90s , Carnegie Mellon and his colleague Sabah showed how to take a nested data parallel algorithm that are more flexible things that I described for you and transform it at compile time into a new algorithm , where it works on a flat data array .
They transform the nested data parallelism into flat data parallelism and that you know how to implement efficiently .
This would be really good because you get a much more flexible programming mechanism , which still has an efficient implementation .
Guy 's work in the mid 90s was in a language called Nastel , it was a prototype implementation ; it 's essentially an interpreter .
It was practically untyped to a very few data types and it really did n't do anything else except this nested data parallelism .
What I am excited about at the moment , is taking the Nastel ideas and transporting them into the 21st century by applying them to Haskell .
So I added it to GHC - a compiler of Haskell - along with some guys in Australia , Sydney .
The idea is to have a single language that will support fork kind of expressive parallelism transactional memory and this nested data parallelism stuff and semi-implicit little spawny parallelism , all in one language framework .
Maybe you do different kinds of parallelism in different parts of your application and some parts of your application you are driving you gooey so you need to have that connection as well .
I think this nested data parallel idea is the most promising way that I know of making use of all those lovely multicores .
Interestingly , this transformation is a very big transformation , it transforms all the data : data representations change , code changes , everything changes .
It 's a systematic transformation of a source text of your program and the only way you have a chance of doing it is because the program is pure .
If it was imperative we just would n't have a chance.cab@trifork.com
It 's like a Sequel query optimizer , it shakes the program about a lot .
And that shaking about could n't work if it was also having to keep side effects straight .
I am thinking maybe this will be the killer app , if we really get nested data parallelism to work .
There is a certain risk here , I do n't know I can do it , but we could get it to work with warp clock speed up on interesting problems and go faster than Fortran because we can then write programs that you could n't get to work in Fortran and have them work on hundred process arrays - that would be cool !
11 . When are you going to get it ?
Later this year we 'll have a prototype .
Actually , we are in the stage of looking for guinea pigs , so later this year we are looking for friendly guinea pigs , people who have problems which appear to have quite a lot of parallelism potentially available of a data - ish kind , do the same thing to all these guys , but which it 's not sort of embarrassingly parallel at the top because that you might as well just easily use an MPI for .
So we are looking for friendly guinea pigs who are willing to give a go to a new piece of technology that initially wo n't work at all , because it could be so good if it works well .
12 . Recently I have crossed a paper of Meijer and others .
It was talking about programming , Banana , Lenses and Barbed Wire .
I do n't know if you 've crossed this paper , and it 's kind of abstraction of several kinds of recursion , as far as I understand .
Do you think such kinds of abstractions , if we do abstraction of recursion , give a lot of benefits for optimizing or simplifying the complexity of code ?
I am trying to think how to answer that without assuming that everyone has read Bananas , Lenses and Barbed Wire , which is a tough paper .
It was written before Erik joined Microsoft , before he went to the dark side .
Erik sort of moved from being very pure abstract functional programmer to saying " No , this is all crap !
We have to do this instead of that . NET stuff " and now he is swinging back again and actually is at .NET just at this moment .
Somehow typed functional programming languages seem to allow people to express abstractions very well .
What do I mean by an abstraction ?
Just a procedure , a function , a method is an abstraction because inside itself it hides details about implementation behind an interface that you might hope would relatively simple .
Those interfaces are often typed .
To get flexible interfaces you need quite rich types , so the functional programming language is the place where particularly rich typed systems , particularly to do with polymorphism - this is the generic stuff - have grown up .
The sort of structures that Erik was talking about has turned out to be quite easy to take abstract mathematical concepts and map them into programs that you can actually execute .
I do n't think I can make that concrete in a setting like this ; indeed , I would say it 's one level back from practical programming because people are taking fairly abstract ideas , mapping them into something that you can execute and saying " Oh , look !
Here is a programming pattern " - this goes back to what we were saying about patterns -.
What you see in that is a programming pattern ; we might be able to generalize it and use it for real programs , so this is a 2 step process .
It has been like this what happened to monads : abstract ideas in monads expressed as something that you could use and now we 've be able to generalize it in all sorts of ways .
Somehow , the combination of polymorphism in the typed system - of a rich polymorphism in the typed system - and the purely functional nature fairly direct transliteration of ideas from mathematics into the language and that has seemed to give more practical consequences then you would reasonably suppose .
13 . Back to F# , it has got a lot of concepts of functional programming language , yet a mutable state .
Do n't you think that a little bit of mutation can break the whole system , the whole concept with the programming language ?
That 's right .
. NET to F# is a compromise .
It says the F# the high order bed of .NET of F# 's design it 's a .NET language .
In a .NET language you can call any .NET procedure and any .NET procedure can do anything .
It 's really hard to say this is a pure function .
F# instead lures you into the pure world , by providing a rich well - engineered language for writing purely functional programs .
Actually this goes back to syntax because F# translates into MSIL - the intermediate language - as C# does , so anything you can do in F # you can do in C# , too .
You can write those functional programs in C # but it 's much less convenient .
So F# makes that convenient ; it makes it easier to write the functional parts , possible to do the imperative parts , but , as you were rightly pointing out , you do n't get guarantees .
There are some places , like parallel LinQ queries , where the guarantees have to be there and the only way you get them is by convention .
But that 's not so bad .
We are used to that - think of locks protecting mutable data .
Mostly , the connection between a lock and the data it protects is not explicit in the language , in the program , but it 's in your mind , usually .
The connection between a lock and the data can sometimes be a little more intimate , but often which locks you must hold before accessing which data is a quite implicit bit of the program .
There are n't any guarantees there , we just establish conventions and try to work with them .
It 's not as satisfactory as having a rock solid guarantee .
We want stronger guarantees , nevertheless , we should n't say " Because you do n't get a guarantee , it 's useless " .
It 's just a compromise , and perhaps a good one .
14 . In LinQ we pass anything by reference and we got closures then , and closures inside the reference objects .
Does n't that break any model of using lambdas and list comprehensions ?
That 's ok .
Sharing is fine ; references are fine .
If you and I point to the same string , the fact that the string says " Hello " , we do n't need to have 2 copies of " Hello " , we can share the same copy , so long as we do n't change it .
It 's not sharing that 's the problem , it 's effects .
If you share references to values that are immutable , everything is cool .
If you share references to mutable values and you mutate them , everything is very uncool .
Did anyone notice that in the TV spin afterwards , Biden was everywhere as you would expect of a vice - presidential nominee , but Palin was nowhere to be found ?
They can't even rely on her to spin without tangling herself in knots and adding new layers of lies to her existing web of untruth .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Tories recover on eve of election , but still down from 2006
The latest polls are certainly to be viewed as a mixed bag for all five of the major federal parties , save the Bloc Québecois .
For the latter , of course , there is little ‘ mixed ’ about the situation .
The Bloc ’s situation appears to be moribund .
For the Tories , the latest polls have given them a slight bump ( which will be accentuated when the latest Environics poll pegging the Tories at near - majority government level support is included in the Paulitics Polling Resource ) .
However , the Tories still remain down from their 2006 election showing by statistically significant margins despite being flushed with cash and despite their aggressive recent media buys .
For the Liberals , the recent polls have shown them slumping on the eve of the election — not exactly the best time to have a slump in popularity — and have not been able to break beyond a statistically - significant margin of their 2006 support in well over a year .
Still , on the other hand , the Paulitics Polling resource does show the Liberals as one of only two parties to rest above their 2006 levels of support , even if it is by a statistically insignificant margin .
For the NDP , after dipping badly in support , the recent polls have shown what must be a welcome up - tick in popularity back to within the margins of their respectable 2006 finish .
However , much like the Grits , the NDP have not been able to break out above their 2006 levels of support by a statistically - significant margin in well over a year .
For the Greens , after flirting with the 12 percent threshold in the Paulitics rolling - 5 poll average for a time , the latest polls have witnessed a dramatic slump for the Greens back down to the 8 percent area of support .
That said , even if the Greens are able to hold on to this comparatively low level of support through to election day , they will still have roughly doubled their level of support since the previous election which is something that the other parties shall ignore only at their own peril .
For the Bloc , I have yet to update the Paulitics Provincial Polling Resource , so a complete picture of the carnage is not yet available at this time .
But , with that in mind , the latest provincial poll results from Leger Marketing put them at a dismal 30 % .
Overall , even without the possibility of a legal battle over the constitutionality of the election itself , the election is shaping up to be an interesting one .
If you 're like me , no expert in economic theory , there are parts of the bailout discussion which make your eyes turn glassy .
However , one does not need to be fluent in Austrian or Keynesian schools of thought to understand that current proposals by members of the Federal Reserve and Executive branches of our government border on , if they do not completely cross the line , criminal activity .
Paulson 's desire for total authority with no oversight is far more than just cynical politics .
President Bush 's speech last Tuesday , all of 15 minutes worth , was an attempt to justify and explain the extreme measures proposed .
Unfortunately it raised more questions than it answered .
It was also , even to this layman , full of half - truths and contradictions .
The defining moment in the speech was when Bush claimed that he was not prone to intervening in markets but in this case he had to act because the market “ was n't functioning properly . ”
What he meant to say was that the market was not behaving the way that financial experts employed by the government , to a man who are Keynesian theorists , needed and wanted it to behave .
The fact is , the market is acting in a perfectly rational way to the completely irrational manipulations by these same people .
The market has no confidence in mortgage - backed securities at past prices .
It 's clear that these tar - babies should be sold to the highest bidder , those who were dumb enough to invest in them should cut their losses , and we should move on with our lives .
Those companies which speculated , should either just go bankrupt or liquidate and learn a lesson .
The problem with this is that doing so would reverse the fortunes of a good number of Wall Street moguls who not only profit from poor business practices and deception , but who also finance the political campaigns of most of Washington 's politicians .
So desperate was Paulson to get these measures through Congress , he literally got down on one knee and begged Nancy Pelosi to make sure the measure passed in the House .
Is that the action of one who has your best interest at heart or his own ?
That is the action of a very desperate man .
Bush has proven himself desperate as well .
If he has intended to look and sound Presidential this week , he has failed miserably .
He looks to be the water boy for the elite bankers of America .
And he 's in a hurry .
In 50 odd days , we elect a new President .
What happens if the bailout is not passed , and the things that Paulson has been doing remains judicially scrutable ?
This seems far more a concern of the administration than they would lead you to believe .
I mean , really .
If they 're so truly concerned about the impending economic meltdown , and they are serious about this , why were n't they so concerned even one week ago ?
In spite of a mountain of evidence that has been available to them since 2001 , the administration deliberately ignored that data and tried to mislead the public about the condition of the economy .
And while they were telling everyone to just pretend there was n't a fundamental problem with the unlimited credit that the Federal Reserve was pumping into the economy , their buddies were gobbling up mortgage - backed securities like they were tulip bulbs .
Here are just some examples of this :
December 17 , 2007 – “ The most negative thing Congress can do in the face of economic uncertainty is to raise taxes on the American people ” – George W. Bush – ( And just what is a 700 Billion dollar tax - payer - funded bailout going to accomplish ? )
February 11 , 2008 – “ This report indicates that our economy is structurally sound for the long - term and that we 're dealing with uncertainties in the short - term ” – George W. Bush – announcing the findings of his crack economic team July 15 , 2008 – “ I believe there 's a lot of positive things for our economy . ” – George Bush – on the day that we learned inflation had reached its highest point in 27 years .
September 16 , 2008 , – “ Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson Jr. today told Americans they should remain confident in the U.S. financial system , in the wake of Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. filing for Chapter 11 bankruptcy and Bank of America Corp. being purchased by Merrill Lynch & Co. Inc . ”
See , it is quite clear that they are completely disingenuous .
When it 's convenient , the economy is sound and no taxes should be added to the public burden , and when it 's convenient , the economy is doomed and the government needs to place a 30,000 dollar additional tax burden on every man woman and child in the U.S .
We are witnessing the final showdown for liberty .
The bailout would only be a first step in a long chain of bailouts given the carte blanche authority it promises to the Treasury Secretary and indirectly the President himself .
This first step represents a transfer of wealth that exceeds the entire military budget directly from you and me into the pockets of almost every Federal Reserve member - bank .
Keep in mind that Goldman - Sachs , of which Paulson was once a very high executive , stands to benefit greatly .
If they win this , there will be no chance for us to regain any possible route to a restored Republic .
It is now or never .
The army that Ron built has to come together now for this last hurrah .
Contrary to what we 're being told , this bailout only allows the Fed and its members to prolong the bubble 's burst and further take us down the road to poverty .
Frankly , I am certain that this is their intent and I do not intend to sit idly by while they further ruin this once - great country .
How about you ?
Image credit : Maximilien Brice , CERN
( PhysOrg.com ) --
On August 8 , the world 's largest particle accelerator , the Large Hadron Collider near Geneva , Switzerland , began the process of slowly throttling to full power .
When its proton beams are circling at full speed and collisions begin , scientists from around the world will finally be able to start collecting data .
LHC collisions may reveal new clues about the origin of the universe , new particles , new dimensions , and perhaps even new physics even theory does n't predict .
But will the collisions be powerful enough to create a tiny mass of particles with a gravitational pull so strong it can " eat " other matter -- a microscopic black hole ?
And if yes , could such a thing grow big enough to swallow Earth itself ?
The fact is , the LHC could produce a tiny , extremely short - lived ( read : harmless ) black hole .
It is an unlikely event , but one that physicists are nonetheless excited about .
However , they discount the possibility of a stable black hole -- one with the chance to grow into something worth worrying about -- as much more science fiction than science .
Recently , two physicists took a close , practical look at the issue by examining known astrophysical phenomena , using what scientists already know about the universe to determine the likelihood that the LHC will produce stable black holes on Earth .
The physicists are Steven Giddings , of the University of California - Santa Barbara , and Michelangelo Mangano , of the European Organization of Nuclear Research ( CERN ) , which built the LHC .
In their paper , published in the August 18 , 2008 , online edition of Physical Review D , they examine the " extremely hypothetical scenario " in which black holes are created at the LHC , are stable , and become trapped within the Earth .
Would we be doomed ?
The short answer is no .
Giddings told PhysOrg.com , " We went to great pains to thoroughly investigate possible risk in even some very outlandish proposals for black hole behavior , and found we could safely rule it out .
The basic reason is simple : Nature has been performing this type of experiment for billions of years , not only on our planet and sun , but also on much denser objects , like neutron stars and white dwarfs .
Their enormous age reassures us that physics does n't exhibit the bizarre behavior that LHC opponents have suggested . "
Giddings and Mangano 's first argument against stable LHC - produced black holes is the fact that scientists almost universally agree that black holes evaporate , emitting particles called Hawking radiation , named for Stephen Hawking , who proposed the phenomenon and showed why it exists .
A microscopic black hole would thus be very unstable , disappearing in the tiniest fraction of a second .
They also remind us ( in an argument presented in the past ) that collisions with the same power as those to be produced at the LHC — in the trillion electron volt range — happen all the time on Earth , when cosmic rays from deep space ( protons with extremely high energies ) collide with molecules in the atmosphere .
The quick , logical conclusion is that such events , if they could produce dangerous , stable black holes , would have already done so .
But Giddings and Mangano consider two scenarios that are n't quite so simple : if a stable black hole created in the atmosphere carried a charge , or if it was neutral .
They calculate that a charged black hole produced by cosmic rays would n't be able to travel very far before it was drained of energy by the material of the Earth , or if very energetic , by the Sun .
If charged black holes have ever been produced in our atmosphere , our existence is proof they are safe .
At the LHC , a black hole would likely be charged because it would have been produced by collisions between quark pairs ( quarks have charge ) .
But if the black hole was neutral , and if it was also stable , emitting no Hawking radiation , that could be troubling .
Giddings and Mangano examine this scenario despite that the likelihood of it occurring is almost zero , since scientists believe that neutralization could not occur without the emission of Hawking radiation .
Neutralization and Hawking radiation are intricately linked quantum processes ; if one is occurring , the other should be , too .
Over pages of analysis , they show that there are two possible cases of stable , neutral black holes .
Which of these cases could be true depends on which physics theory of extra dimensions ( there are competing theories ) is correct .
The first case is the slow growth of a neutral , stable microscopic black hole .
If such a black hole were produced on Earth as a result of LHC collisions , its growth would take place on a time scale longer than the natural life of our sun .
That means our star would burn out before we were in danger .
This leaves the second case , of growth faster than the sun 's lifetime .
Such stable , neutral black holes would also be created by cosmic - ray collisions .
Because of this , Giddings and Mangano 's paper shows that much denser objects than Earth and the sun , such as white dwarfs and neutron stars , which are already close to collapsing in on themselves , would be destroyed by such black holes .
The simple fact that these stars still exist excludes this second case .
That leaves the first case as the only possibility in the case of stable , neutral black holes .
And as Giddings reminds us , " The overwhelming majority of the scientific community agrees that the stable scenarios are crazy anyway . "
Citation : Phys. Rev. D 78 , 035009 ( 2008 )
Copyright 2008 PhysOrg.com .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed in whole or part without the express written permission of PhysOrg.com .
Explore further Cosmic X - rays reveal a distinct signature of black holes
A conservative is a man with two perfectly good legs who , however , has never learned to walk forward .
Electronic
Arts just dropped a ton o screens for their upcoming Wii sim , SimCity Creator .
As with all past SimCities you 'll get to have some fun building up and managing your cities and much more fun terrorizing your citizens and flattening your megalopolis with surreal - chains of absurd disasters .
This time around it looks like those disasters include things like a giant human hand giving your downtown a nice belly scratching and waves of dinosaurs and giant robots .
Advertisement
Advertisement
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
NRA : Obama most anti-gun candidate ever , will ban guns
A recent mailing from the president of the National Rifle Association to its members says that Barack Obama wants to ban the possession of handguns , and that " never in NRA 's history have we faced a presidential candidate — and hundreds of candidates running for other offices — with such a deep - rooted hatred of firearm freedoms . "
The fundraising letter from NRA President Wayne LaPierre focused largely on Obama 's record and statements — since , in part , disavowed — from the 1990s of strong support for gun control measure , like waiting periods and background checks to buy a gun .
LaPierre also attacked Obama for his association with the Rev. Jeremiah Wright , a front John McCain and the GOP have avoided .
" There 's Rev. Jeremiah Wright and his church , to which Obama contributed $ 26,000 over the years , even as Wright spouted anti-American hatred , " LaPierre writes in a list of Obama 's " friends . "
The mailing also included a wallet card ( below ) listing what the NRA claims are Obama 's positions on guns , though they are not in fact his campaign positions , and in many cases it seems flatly to contradict them .
The NRA claims Obama wants to bar the use of firearms for home defense and ban the manufacture and sale of handguns .
How the group reaches those conclusions is unclear .
In one case , though , it interprets an Illinois proposal he backed to close gun shops near schools and parks as a plan to " close down 90 percent of the gun shops in America . "
According to the campaign ( .pdf ) , Obama " will protect the rights of hunters and other law - abiding Americans to purchase , own , transport , and use guns for the purposes of hunting and target shooting . "
He 's also said he believes there is an individual right to bear arms .
The mailing appears in full , with criticism , on an online bulletin board , but NRA spokesman Andrew Arulanandam confirmed its validity .
WASHINGTON  A privacy group filed a class- action lawsuit on Thursday against the National Security Agency , President Bush and other officials , seeking to halt what it describes as illegal surveillance of Americans ’ telephone and Internet traffic .
The lawsuit parallels a legal action brought against the AT&T Corporation in 2006 by the same nonprofit group , the Electronic Frontier Foundation , charging that the company gave the N.S.A. access to its communications lines and customer records without proper warrants .
Congress derailed that lawsuit this year by passing legislation granting immunity to telecommunications companies that had provided assistance to the agency , though the foundation has said it intends to challenge the constitutionality of the new law .
A lawyer with the foundation , Kevin S. Bankston , said the new suit opened a “ second front ” against a “ massively illegal fishing expedition through AT&T ’s domestic networks and databases of customer records . ”
A Carleton University student has quit school after being hit with a fine and other sanctions for hacking into a university computer to steal identification and financial data from 32 student cards , then sending a report to the victims and the university detailing how he did it .
Mansour Moufid , 20 , a second - year math student who used the alias Kasper Holmberg in his report , said he made his decision Thursday after receiving a letter from the university detailing his punishment .
The university 's letter , dated Sept. 23 states that the incident is not a first offence , placed students at risk , and was not perpetrated to protect students — contrary to Moufid 's claim that he was trying to be helpful by exposing security flaws in the university 's student card system .
The letter was signed by Suzanne Blanchard , associate vice - president of student support services .
The university identification card contains data such as the student 's identification number , computer and e-mail log - in name and password , and library card number .
It can also be used to unlock doors for three campus buildings , including two residences , and can be loaded with money to buy food , books and computer equipment on campus .
Moufid said he was particularly upset about the requirement that he write a letter of apology to the university that notes " you lied about alerting the university earlier and the details of what you actually did . "
Moufid alleges he was telling the truth .
" That 's the thing that really bothers me .
… They want me to say that I lied about alerting the university earlier , which just is n't true , " he said from his mother 's home in Mississauga Friday morning .
It 's not clear exactly what the university means , but a university spokesman did tell CBC earlier in September that Carleton had received the document on Aug. 29 , more than a week before students received it .
Moufid wo n't appeal
Moufid said he could appeal the punishment , but does n't think that would improve his situation .
" The meetings I 've had with them so far are just completely bogus , " he said .
" I 'm just done . "
He added that he 's looking into other universities and may apply to the University of Toronto .
The university 's letter states that Moufid 's punishment is to :
Pay fines worth a total of $ 2,768 to cover the costs of replacing the 32 student cards of the victims and paying for extra security at residence buildings that are accessed using the cards , " due to the unknown risk " posed by the breach of the card system .
Write letters of apology to the 32 victims , the university and the " university community . "
Perform seven hours of community service per week at a local food bank for the entire school year .
Successfully complete a post - secondary level ethics course by the end of the academic year .
Sign an agreement to allow Carleton 's computing and communication services to monitor his online activity for as long as he is at the university .
In addition , the letter states that he will face immediate expulsion and a ban from the university if he is involved in any other incidents that are in violation of student rights .
It states that Moufid can appeal , and encourages him to contact the university 's ombudsman for " advice and support in this matter . "
Moufid is also due in court Oct. 15 to face criminal charges in relation to the incident .
Moufid gained access to the student card data by installing software that he wrote on a terminal in a computer lab that was attached to a card reader .
The software recorded keystrokes made on the computer and included magnetic stripe card reader software .
In the 16 - page document sent by Moufid to the university and the victims disclosing his method , he concluded that the cards were not secure and should not be used .
Klaus Maier , Mercedes - Benz head of sales , reported today in Stuttgart that every fifth Mercedes should have a Hybrid powertrain by the year 2015 .
He added that if the government does n’t change the legal conditions , 20 % is realistic .
Many have dreamed that Mercedes will eliminate the use of fossil fuel in all their vehicles by 2015 , but that of course was only wishful thinking , as they ’ll need more time to adapt new technologies and bring it to the masses with an entirely new infrastructure ( e.g. fueling stations )
According to Auto - Motor - und - Sport , Mercedes has outlined a strategy to start releasing a Hybrid model each yeah , starting in 2009 to achieve their 20 % goal .
A Hybrid - diesel is also in the works and will be available within years .
According to Klaus Maier , the combustion engine will continue being the main propulsion element for another 20 to 30 years .
While smaller vehicles will continue being equipped with electric and hybrid engine , larger vehicles will continue to use fossil fuels with a mix of alternative propulsion technologies .
Iran is one of Opec 's 13 members
Iran has invited Brazil to join oil producers ' cartel Opec , Brazil 's energy and mines minister has said .
The moves comes after Brazil recently announced finding major sources of offshore oil , prompting significant international attention .
Brazil is considering the invite .
Its National Energy Policy Council has the final word on whether it wants to join .
While oil prices have fallen from record levels , many analysts say the longer trend remains high prices .
As a member of the oil producers ' organisation , Iran can suggest the membership of another country .
Untapped oil
In April , the head of Brazil 's National Petroleum Agency said an oil field offshore from Rio de Janeiro 's coast could contain 33 billion barrels .
That finding came after state - owned Petrobras said the offshore Tupi field was estimated to hold between five billion and eight billion barrels of untapped light oil .
The discoveries could turn Brazil into a major oil exporter , say analysts .
Slower economic growth has dented demand for oil , pushing prices down to around $ 110 a barrel from above $ 147 per barrel reached in July .
Rice admits officials approved ' harsh interrogation techniques ' David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Friday September 26 , 2008
Print This Email This Secretary of State Condoleezza
Rice recently became the first Bush administration official to admit that high - level discussions of the use of torture had taken place in 2002 and 2003 .
According to a written statement provided to the Senate Armed Services Committee earlier this month and released on Wednesday by committee chairman Sen. Carl Levin ( D - MI ) , officials were told that waterboarding and other " harsh interrogation measures " routinely used in a survival training program for US soldiers would not cause " significant " harm if used on prisoners .
Rice 's statement is the first acknowledgment of those meetings by any of the officials involved .
Rice did not name the other officials who were present , but reports last spring based on anonymous sources mentioned Vice President Dick Cheney , then - Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld , then - Secretary of State Colin Powell , and then - Attorney General John Ashcroft .
MSNBC 's Rachel Maddow called the release of Rice 's statement " a soul of the nation story , " noting that torture violates the Geneva Conventions and is a criminal act under the US War Crimes Act of 1996 .
She emphasized that " we just ca n't get this issue behind us , " even with the Bush administration on its way out of office , because " issues like this , like torture , still define who we are as a country .
It 's still unfinished business . "
Maddow was then joined by Alex Gibney , the director of the Oscar - winning documentary Taxi to the Dark Side , an examination of the US use of torture against suspected terrorists .
Gibney agreed that " I do n't think it 's over at all .
...
What 's not over is how we reckon with the past .
We can't go forward and capture our kind of moral reputation if we do n't reckon with the past and what we 've done . "
" Should policy - makers be prosecuted ? " Maddow asked .
" Could they be ? "
" They could be if politicians had the will to do so , " Gibney replied .
" I think , at the very least , a truth commission with subpoena power would be something valuable .
...
This is not a case of a few bad apples .
This is a rotten barrel .
And the rotten barrel is the civilian administration . "
Gibney explained that in the course of making his film , " I had to interview a number of the guards and interrogators .
... I did n't come into it with much sympathy for them .
I ended up having a great deal of sympathy for them .
They were scapegoats for a policy that was coming on down from on high . "
Gibney said he has also wondered why torture keeps being used when it is known to produce unreliable information .
" I fear that the answer is because they were always getting back the information that they wanted to hear , " he concluded .
" And that is what torture delivers . "
This video is from MSNBC's The Rachel Maddow Show , broadcast September 25 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Wednesday , 24 Sep , 2008 Science
A group of scientists from the United States stated that they have found evidence of the first planetary collision which occurred in a solar system that looks like ours and located 300 light years away from Earth .
During their study of estimating the age of a sun-like star called BD +20 307 and located in the constellation Aries , scientists from the University of California in Los Angeles ( UCLA ) and California Institute of Technology ( Caltech ) noticed massive trails of dust .
They believe that the dust is the outcome of direct collision of two planets that moved around the star .
According to the American astronomers such catastrophic crash can only take place in a mature solar system .
Benjamin Zuckerman , professor of physics and astronomy at UCLA , noted that the event can be compared to the collision of Earth and Venus .
He outlined that astronomers observed such a phenomenon for the first time .
Currently American and French scientists are analyzing computer models to estimate the chances of a similar collision in our own solar system .
Until now the computer revealed several models that had shown little chances of our planet and Venus colliding in the next billion years .
Source : Press TV
( Adds comment from Shell )
ABUJA , Sept 24 ( Reuters ) - Nigerian Oil Minister Odein Ajumogobia said recent militant attacks on oil facilities had not significantly hit output and that the country was currently producing around 2 million barrels per day .
Nigerian militant group the Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta ( MEND ) staged attacks on oil platforms , pipelines , flow stations and gas plants in the heartland of Africa ’s biggest oil and gas industry last week .
“ Some of the facilities attacked were not producing , so it had not affected our production significantly ...
As to our current oil production , it ’s about 2 million bpd , ” Ajumogobia told Reuters on Wednesday in the capital Abuja .
Ajumogobia said at an OPEC meeting in Vienna earlier this month , shortly before the militant attacks , that Nigeria was pumping 2.2 million bpd and that one million bpd were shut in .
That output figure was slightly above the OPEC member ’s target output and also higher than analysts ’ assessments that Nigeria pumped 1.96 million bpd in August .
MEND declared a temporary ceasefire on Sunday after a six - day campaign which forced Royal Dutch Shell RDSa.L , the company worst hit , to warn it may not be able to meet contractual obligations on some shipments of crude from Nigeria .
Shell declared force majeure late on Friday on Bonny Light oil shipments because of the unrest , in addition to an earlier force majeure declared as a result of attacks in July .
“ We continue to check for possible damage to some of our SPDC joint venture facilities , ” a spokeswoman for Shell in Nigeria said on Wednesday .
The Anglo - Dutch giant operates in the Niger Delta through its SPDC joint venture with state oil firm NNPC .
NNPC holds 55 percent , Shell holds 30 percent while the rest is owned by local subsidiaries of Total TOTF .
PA and Agip ENI .
MI .
Government officials said last week that MEND ’s latest campaign had cut Nigerian oil production by around 150,000 barrels per day .
( Writing by Nick Tattersall , editing by Anthony Barker )
The FBI has admitted that it has no case against Ivins .
As summarized in an article today in the Washington Post :
The FBI has had a difficult time making its case to a skeptical public and scientific community .
A hair sample snagged from a Princeton , N.J. , mailbox linked to the attacks turned out not to match that of Ivins .
Some Congressional critics have questioned whether one man could really have carried out the elaborate attacks .
But FBI officials continue to press their case .
“ I do n’t think we ’re ever going to be able to put the suspicions to bed , ” said Vahid Majidi of the FBI Weapons of Mass Destruction Directorate .
“ There ’s always going to be a spore on the grassy knoll . ”
This is very telling .
The FBI could have said “ we will prove to Congress , the scientific community and the public that only Ivins could have done it ” .
But they did n’t .
Instead , the FBI is trying to discredit the many top anthrax scientists who question the government ’s case against Ivins by using the “ grassy knoll ” conspiracy - theory smear .
If they had a case against Ivins , they would have presented it , instead of resorting to Bill O’Reilly style smear tactics .
“ As always , in Establishment Media World , nothing is more insane or radical than refusing to believe every word the Government says .
Even after Iraqi mushroom clouds and the whole litany of Government falsehoods , the establishment hallmark of Seriousness and Sanity is accepting the Government ’s word .
When it says Iraq was behind the attacks , then it was .
When they said Hatfill was the culprit , he was .
Now that they say that Ivins is , he is , and only “ conspiracy theorists ” — comparable to those who disbelieve we landed on the moon — would question that or demand to see the actual evidence .
The FBI is relying , understandably so , on their mindless allies in the media to depict its case against Ivins as so airtight that no real investigation is necessary . ”
– Glenn Greenwald
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
In one of the most appalling stories of GOP voter theft , the Republican party in Michigan is planning on using lists of foreclosed houses as a means to challenge voter eligibility on election day .
The Michigan Messenger reports :
The chairman of the Republican Party in Macomb County Michigan , a key swing county in a key swing state , is planning to use a list of foreclosed homes to block people from voting in the upcoming election as part of the state GOP ’s effort to challenge some voters on Election Day .
“ We will have a list of foreclosed homes and will make sure people are n’t voting from those addresses , ” party chairman James Carabelli told Michigan Messenger in a telephone interview earlier this week .
He said the local party wanted to make sure that proper electoral procedures were followed .
State election rules allow parties to assign “ election challengers ” to polls to monitor the election .
In addition to observing the poll workers , these volunteers can challenge the eligibility of any voter provided they “ have a good reason to believe ” that the person is not eligible to vote .
One allowable reason is that the person is not a “ true resident of the city or township . ”
The Michigan Republicans ’ planned use of foreclosure lists is apparently an attempt to challenge ineligible voters as not being “ true residents . ”
Of course , this upwards of almost 60 % of those affected by foreclosure in MI are African - Americans .
From Crooks and Liars :
GOP officials elsewhere in Michigan , as well as Ohio , have said they are looking to challenge voter registration based on foreclosure lists – which points to an orchestrated attempt by the McCain campaign to steal the votes of victims of the credit crunch , especially black American victims .
This while banks are offered corporate - socialist bailout after bailout and John McCain the 5 Million Dollar Man suggests that common people should miss a holiday or get an extra job to ensure they keep up their payments on a sub - prime loan .
Welcome to the New America .
You are allowed to vote if you ’re well off .
If , however , your government failed you by allowing unscrupulous mortgage bankers to take advantage of you , then , well , you ’re not only on your own , but you no longer count .
( And I am , in no way , saying that every single person who lost a house was at the hand of the unscrupulous lenders , but a fair amount were ) .
If you lost your job and cannot find another , especially in the hard - hit states of Michigan and Ohio , too bad , you ’re on your own and your vote does not count .
If your company off - shored your job , tough luck .
You have no say in your government .
For more on how the Republican ’s are trying to steal your vote , read this , and this .
Are you sure YOU can vote ?
To confirm your voter eligibility , click here and step through entering your name , email address , and then click Not Sure when the page comes up asking about your registration status .
You do not have to be an Obama supporter to confirm your registration .
UPDATE : After mass outrage and the threat of demonstrations , the GOP has backed down from this specific type of voter caging .
When asked whether Michigan Republicans plan to create a challenge list based on returned direct mail , a practice known as “ vote caging , ” Doster replied , “ I think so .
I know this has been done in years past … both parties may be doing this . ”
Doster said that the party ’s deputy political director , Kelly Harrigan , would have more information about the challenge lists .
Harrigan did not respond to a call from Michigan Messenger . ( snip )
Last week Ohio Secretary of State Jennifer Brunner acknowledged that the use of mail for vote caging has disproportionately affected poor and minority communities and she instructed that returned mail should not be considered reasonable evidence that someone has moved .
: : : : : : : : : :
It ’s still not certain what motivated the Georgian government to launch its attack on South Ossetia in the face of ongoing Russian hostility and recent military maneuvers which all - but guaranteed a swift and devastating response .
Georgia ’s Deputy Defense Minister Batu Kutelia said simply : " We did not prepare for this kind of eventuality . "
His government was extraordinarily foolish , if not demented .
Acknowledging that the Georgian military lacked sufficient anti-aircraft and anti-tank weapons to protect its ground forces , Kutelia said he " did n’t think it likely that a member of the UN Security Council and the [ Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe ] would react like this . "
Moreover , the government in Tbilisi seemed to believe that being an informal American ally , with its military financed and trained by Washington  even if Georgia was not formally part of NATO  would deter any Russian attack .
And that the U.S. , with precisely zero interest in promoting Georgia ’s territorial ambitions and even less in fighting Russia , nevertheless would backstop Tbilisi ’s assault on the separatist enclave .
After giving Moscow the perfect excuse to intervene and suffering the horrid consequences of doing so , Georgians automatically turned to America .
Save us , cried everyone from President Mikheil Saakashvili to combat soldiers to fleeing refugees .
Where is America , they screamed ?
Shouting the loudest was Saakashvili , the author of Georgia ’s present distress .
Nationalist , mercurial , authoritarian , he desperately wanted his nation to join NATO and he regularly criticized the Europeans for not doing more to aid his distant country , nestled between the Black Sea and Caspian Sea amidst the Caucasus Mountains .
Having invested in Washington ’s war against Iraq ( providing 2000 soldiers for the occupation ) and in American politicians ( paying the lobbying firm of John McCain ’s foreign policy adviser , Randy Scheunemann , nearly $ 1 million ) , Saakashvili expected a return on his country ’s investment .
Did he assume the pay - off would be automatic , or did he consult with his American friends ?
If we take the administration at its word that it discouraged Georgian adventurism , any encouragement would have had to come from others .
On the Huffington Post David Bromwich observes : " if there was a single Western luminary [ Saakashvili ] would have wanted to consult , it was surely his old lobbyist and personal adviser Randy Scheunemann .
The calculation by Scheunemann must have been that even if things went badly at first , for Georgia , the result of Russian suppression would be good for John McCain .
Besides , McCain , as president , could eventually rescue Saakashvili by another path . "
Scheunemann is n’t talking , but Saakashvili ’s expectations obviously were high .
In March he declared : " I have to thank you , Mr. President , for your unwavered [ sic ] support for our freedom , for our democracy , for our territorial sovereignty and for protecting Georgia ’s borders and for Georgia ’s NATO aspirations . "
Although Saakashvili did n’t say in what form he expected that protection , it would be surprising if he did not hope for more than anguished facial expressions and dramatic hand - wringing .
When the American legions did n’t appear to battle the Russians , he launched a charm offensive through interviews with the Western press , seeking U.S. intervention .
He affirmed that he holds " American values " and pleaded : " Please wake up everybody .
And please make your position and speak with one united voice . "
He told CNN : " It ’s not about Georgia anymore .
It ’s about America , its values .
We are a freedom - loving nation that is right now under attack . "
He told a German newspaper that President Bush " understands that it ’s not really about Georgia but in a certain sense it ’s also an aggression against America . "
Saakashvili tried the same tactic with the Europeans , warning that " Unless Russia is stopped tomorrow Russian tanks might enter any European capital . "
He quoted Sen. John McCain ’s " we are all Georgians " line to applauding crowds in Tbilisi .
For a time the administration refused to rule out use of military force against Russia ’s forces .
Deputy National Security Adviser James F. Jeffrey said " Right now our focus is on working with both sides , with the Europeans and with a whole variety of international institutions and organizations , to get the fighting to stop . "
But that option probably was never seriously considered .
A top State Department official told the New York Times : " There is no possibility of drawing NATO or the international community into this . "
Forget the fraternal expressions of friendship .
It was realpolitik time .
But Saakashvili still did n’t get the message .
Once the fighting stopped and Washington announced plans to send humanitarian aid , he said the step was " very strong , " even though " long overdue . "
" This is a turning point , " he declared to Western reporters .
He exulted that " we will see U.S. military ships entering Georgian ports despite Russian blocking [ sic ] it . "
They " will be serious military ships , " he added .
He told Georgians in a TV address that the U.S. military would be taking control of his country ’s airports and ports , protecting them from the Russians .
Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice was forced to explain that " It ’s not the intention of the U.S. to take control of facilities . "
Pentagon Press Secretary Geoff Morrell added : " We are not looking to , nor do we need to , take control of any air or sea ports to conduct this mission . "
Saakashvili ’s attempt to ensnare America did not stop at the war ’s end .
With Russian troops continuing to occupy Georgian territory outside of Abkhazia and South Ossetia , Saakashvili pointed to Washington and the European Union , proclaiming : " They must make Russia leave Georgian territory . "
He went on to say : " We must ensure that the Russians do not get away with it just like that , " meaning , of course , that the U.S. must punish Moscow , since Tbilisi had no power to do so .
And , of course , he insisted that it is America ’s job to rearm Georgia .
Saakashvili , never at a loss for words , explained : " We need to rebuild the military .
We will work very closely with the U.S. to get all of this [ equipment ] . "
With the war over , he is even more anxious to get into NATO .
He says that Moscow would never have dared attack if only Tbilisi was on the alliance roster .
Many Georgians appeared to share their president ’s extravagant expectations of Washington .
Parliamentarian Gia Tortladze acknowledged that " The Americans never promised to send troops to Georgia , " but he admitted , " I hope the Americans will do more . "
Foreign policy analyst Archil Gegeshidze complained : " The West ’s reaction was slow and inadequate , " though he thought allied protests might have caused the Russians to halt their advance .
The New York Times quoted one soldier : " We killed as many of them as we could .
But where are our friends ? "
Complained another one , " If Americans could do something , why did n’t they help us ? "
He told the reporter : " Do n’t ask us questions .
Go ask your president . "
Another soldier complained that " America and the European Union are spitting on us . "
A refugee told McClatchy Newspapers : " The only way out is the help of America . "
Another one affirmed : " The only things we can rely on are God and the Americans . "
Similarly , a man who fled with his family to Tbilisi opined that " America is the only light left for Georgia . "
But frustration with Washington appeared to be widespread .
One refugee asked a reporter for the Los Angeles Times : " Will the Americans help us out ? "
Another one argued " If you had said something stronger , we would not be in this .
He admitted being angry with the U.S. : " If you want to help , you have to help the end . "
A farmer asked : " Why wo n’t America and NATO help us ?
If they wo n’t help us , why did we help them in Iraq ? "
Some refugees , however , believed that the U.S. had at least saved Tbilisi from Russian occupation : " Bush and McCain have been very good for us , " said one .
The incessant Georgian demands for assistance were made particularly striking by the fact that Tbilisi paid not the slightest attention to Washington ’s advice to avoid a conflict in the Caucasus .
The State Department ’s Matt Bryza , a professed friend of Georgia who was sent to Tbilisi after Saakashvili triggered the war , explained : " Our message was consistent to our Georgian colleagues  Avoid a direct military confrontation with Russia at all costs .
You can not prevail .
It simply is not possible . ’"
But that message apparently was n’t received or believed .
It may be that , as suggested by Minister Kutelia , the government simply did n’t believe Russia would react , especially given Georgia ’s close relationship to the U.S.
Or Saakashvili might have figured America would bail his government out of any difficulties that resulted from his aggressive military move .
Never mind what the U.S. said .
Presented with a Georgian fait accompli , and the potential for a humiliating geopolitical defeat if Moscow triumphed , the Bush administration would have no choice but to embrace Tbilisi ’s attempt at territorial aggrandizement .
Indeed , there was ample reason for Saakashvili to expect support .
U.S. behavior provided an almost perfect example of a mixed message .
The Bush administration counseled caution , yes , but also meddled in Georgian affairs to promote Saakashvili ’s rise to power through the Rose Revolution , helped arm and train his military , provided abundant economic and military aid , championed his nation ’s candidacy for NATO , lavished praise on him for being a wonderful democrat and friend of America , and sent President Bush to Tbilisi .
Says Charles Kupchan of the Council on Foreign Relations , " Through private channels [ the U.S. ] was saying :  You have to behave ’ but publicly it was portraying him as a knight in shining armor , a beacon of freedom . "
The result , notes Jon Sawyer of the Pulitzer Center for Crisis Reporting , was " that Mikheil Saakashvili approached this thinking that he could be an extension of the West , a partner of the United States . "
In July Secretary Rice visited Tbilisi and declared , with Saakashvili next to her : " Mr. President , we always fight for our friends . "
During the war Vice President Richard Cheney told Saakashvili that " Russian aggression must not go unanswered . "
None of these actions or statements formally committed the U.S. to go to war , but they could easily have been interpreted that way by an authoritarian populist used to getting his own way and a man desperate to fulfill his campaign promise to reconquer lost territory .
Certainly he wanted to believe Washington ’s expansive professions of comradeship .
Observes Kupchan , U.S. policy made Saakashvili " overreach , it made him feel at the end of the day that the West would come to his assistance if he got into trouble . "
Former Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage observed that Saakashvili " for some reason seems to think he has a hall pass from this administration . "
Moreover , even some Americans believed Washington owed Georgia a defense .
Bill Kristol , who advocates U.S. military action almost everywhere against almost everyone , wrote : " But Georgia , a nation of about 4.6 million , has had the third - largest military presence  about 2,000 troops  fighting along with U.S. soldiers and marines in Iraq .
For this reason alone , we owe Georgia a serious effort to defend its sovereignty . "
It ’s a truly extraordinary argument .
First , President Saakashvili joined the U.S. in Iraq not to fight the scourge of Islamo - fascism , spread democracy , or do whatever else Kristol believes America to have achieved by invading Iraq , but to win American support for his own plans , including forcibly regaining control of Abkhazia and South Ossetia .
At least Georgia put in a real troop contingent , in contrast to , say , Estonia , which nevertheless preened for the cameras and seemed to believe that it deserved similar solicitude from Washington .
Estonian Foreign Minister Urmas
Paet claimed that his country ’s 40 - man contingent in Iraq was part of Estonia ’s “ important partnership ” with America .
The Estonians naturally scurried to Washington for support in the midst of a dispute with Moscow over moving a World War II monument last year .
Second , even had Georgia sent far more soldiers to Iraq there would have been no warrant for a commitment to confront a nuclear armed power over the dubious territorial ambitions of its smaller neighbor .
It ’s a bit like Moscow promising to defend Mexico in a dispute with the U.S. over the efforts of American - born secessionists in Baja California .
The policy would be insane , whether or not Mexico had contributed troops to a Russian peacekeeping mission in , oh , South Ossetia .
Yet for the Georgians hope consistently triumphed experience .
" Bush knows what to do , " declared one refugee .
But President Bush did n’t know what to do .
He offered valiant rhetoric : " The people of Georgia have cast their lot with the free world , and we will not cast them aside . "
But all they got was more rhetoric .
Sadly , Georgians failed to learn from history .
James J. Townsend , Jr. of the Atlantic Council argues that what happened to Georgia is essentially " what happened to Hungary in 1956 and Czechoslovakia in 1968 . "
Americans and Europeans enthusiastically welcomed upheaval in the Soviet bloc , but none of them seriously contemplated igniting a likely world war against a nuclear - armed superpower , no matter how strong their sympathies with genuine freedom fighters .
Who to blame for such misunderstandings , even today ?
Both sides are at fault .
Washington policymakers tend to overplay their hand , providing lavish public expressions of support without intending to do anything serious in return .
The Bush administration is no different .
Leslie H. Gelb , former president of the Council on Foreign Relations , complains that Washington should not " jeopardize these nascent democracies by letting them think that they can put themselves in this kind of situation and survive .
You are not just putting democracy on the line in Georgia , you are putting all of these places in that neighborhood on the line . "
Alas , it is likely to get worse if Sen.
John McCain wins the presidency .
He still believes in the neoconservative fantasy of U.S. omnipotence , able to direct world events with the flick of a finger .
But he , too , would soon find out very painfully that it does n’t work that way .
Moreover , smaller countries tend to look at an American expression of fraternity and friendship and imagine military intervention and security guarantees .
Notes Townsend , " I have seen it over and over again be misconstrued by nations not used to dealing with us .
I think they misunderstand our eagerness and enthusiasm and think we are going to be behind them for anything . "
Certainly the Georgian president believed in the Bush administration ’s pretensions , and his people are paying a high price as a result .
Ironically , the one person who truly understands Mikheil Saakashvili appears to be Vladimir Putin .
Nasty autocrat he might be , but he recognized that " Georgia ’s aspiration to join NATO is driven by its attempt to drag other nations and peoples into its bloody adventures . "
Saakashvili is many things , but friend of the U.S. he is not .
His overriding objective is to make Washington the military guarantor of his nation and its territorial ambitions , even if that requires the U.S. to risk war with nuclear - armed Russia in the latter ’s backyard .
With friends like that , America really does n’t need any enemies .
The Georgian fiasco provides the U.S. government with an opportunity to reverse its tendency to mislead friendly nations into taking outrageous geopolitical risks in the expectation of receiving American military support .
The first step is to say no to Georgia  no U.S. forces stationed in Georgia , no rebuilding of Georgia ’s military , no membership in NATO .
And no , Globocop America wo n’t be coming if Tbilisi makes another grab for Abkhazia or South Ossetia and gets in another war with Russia .
More broadly , Washington needs to put defense back into its defense policy .
The U.S. should announce that it will be conducting no more crusades for democracy and no more preventive wars against theoretical threats .
It will no longer spend American resources and risk American lives to protect populous and prosperous states or rebuild failed societies .
And it certainly wo n’t use military force to sort out messy ethnic squabbles in distant lands which are of much greater concern to other powers , including ones with nuclear weapons .
Abul Koyair , 20 , and his injured brother Mohammed Abdulkahar , 23 , were released without charge a week after the raid on their Forest Gate home .
Mr Abdulkahar said : " I thought one by one they 're going to kill us .
At that time I thought I was going to die . "
The police earlier said they were acting on " specific intelligence " that a chemical device was in the house .
According to the brothers ' lawyer , the unsuccessful police search included digging up plants in the garden and drilling holes in the shower .
Mr Abdulkahar said he " had no idea " who spoke to the police , prompting the raid .
' Seemed like fire '
" From my point of view the person who did this they have terrorised me and my family , " he said .
Speaking at a press conference , Mr Abdulkahar said he was in great pain when he was taken to the hospital with a gunshot wound , saying : " It seemed like fire .
I was burning . "
At one point Mr Abdulkahar broke down in tears as he described the raid , involving 250 police , which he initially thought was a robbery .
He described the moment when he was shot .
" We both had eye contact , he shot me straight away , " he said .
" I just saw an orange spark and a big bang .
I flew into the wall , slipped down .
There was blood coming down my chest .
I knew I was shot .
I feel fear when the room is dark
Mohammed Abdulkahar
Reaction to brothers ' claims
" It 's ruined my life from the day , from the time they entered my house .
It 's turned my life upside down . "
He alleged he was dragged from the house onto the street where an officer applied pressure to the wound .
It was only then Mr Abdulkahar said he realised that police were involved .
He said he had been unable to sleep since the raid .
" I can't go sleep , I keep on having flashbacks , I can't go sleep with the light off .
I feel fear when the room is dark . "
Mr Koyair also gave his version of what happened during the police raid .
" All of a sudden my brother went down the second sets of stairs and I heard a loud bang , and it was a big flash and then after that everything was so quiet , " he said .
" No - one said nothing , I thought it was like a dream at first , no - one was speaking , saying anything .
" After about one , two minutes I realised that this is not a dream .
I realised that my own brother got shot for no reason . "
Police application
When asked if the Metropolitan Police chief Sir Ian Blair should resign over the raid , Mr Abdulkahar said : " I believe I should n't have been shot . "
Mr Koyair added : " We feel that whoever is responsible should be put to justice .
Sir Ian Blair , whoever gave the order for this to happen . "
HAVE YOUR SAY
They are in a considerable amount of pain
Humeya Kalam
Send us your views
The brothers , who had been held under the Terrorism Act 2000 , were released on 10 June after police found no trace of an alleged chemical device at their home .
But Mr Abdulkahar said suing the police " is not even in our heads at the moment " .
He was more interested in getting an apology from the police , he said .
" I want everyone that was involved , whoever gave the order for the raid to happen , for the shot to go off , everyone involved to apologise . "
The police have defended the raid and the Independent Police Complaints Commission ( IPCC ) is investigating .
An official spokesman for Tony Blair said the prime minister remained 101 % supportive of the police , saying : " The PM 's view has not changed at all . "
The director of campaign group Liberty , Shami Chakrabarti , said questions remained about the " appropriateness of [ police ] action " .
She did not want to prejudge any official scrutiny of the raid , but added : " We also have to be concerned about the shot and why that was necessary . "
