Paleontologists have discovered a rich array of exceptionally preserved fossils of marine animals that lived between 480 million and 472 million years ago , during the early part of a period known as the Ordovician .
The specimens are the oldest yet discovered soft - bodied fossils from the Ordovician , a period marked by intense biodiversification .
The findings , which appear in the May 13 issue of the journal Nature , greatly expand our understanding of the sea creatures and ecosystems that existed at a crucial point in evolutionary history , when most of the animal life on the planet was found in the oceans .
The team -- led by Peter Van Roy , a Yale postdoctoral associate , and Derek Briggs , the Frederick William Beinecke Professor of Geology & Geophysics and director of the Yale Peabody Museum of Natural History -- uncovered more than 1,500 fossils of soft - bodied marine animals in newly discovered sites in southeastern Morocco during a field expedition last year .
Many are complete fossils , and include sponges , annelid worms , mollusks and horseshoe crabs -- in particular , a species similar to today 's horseshoe crab , which appeared some 30 million years earlier than previously known .
The Cambrian period , known for the " Cambrian Explosion " that saw the sudden appearance of all the major animal groups and the establishment of complex ecosystems , was followed by the " Great Ordovician Biodiversification Event , " when the number of marine animal genera increased exponentially over a period of 25 million years .
Because hard shells fossilize and are preserved more readily than soft tissue , scientists had an incomplete and biased view of the marine life that existed during the Ordovician period until now .
" The early Ordovician was a critical moment when massive diversification takes off , but we were only seeing a small piece of the picture that was based almost exclusively on the shelly fossil record , " Briggs said .
" Normal faunas are dominated by the soft - bodied organisms we knew were missing , so these exceptionally well - preserved fossils have filled in much of the missing picture . "
The site in Morocco where the fossils were discovered was conducive to preserving even the soft tissues of the creatures that lived in its waters so long ago , thanks to generally calm waters , occasional rapid burial that protected the animals from scavengers , and favorable chemical conditions within the sediment that allowed for the rapid mineralization of soft tissue as it decayed .
advertisement
In addition to providing a more complete understanding of marine life at that time , the team 's discovery upends a long - held belief that so - called Burgess Shale - type faunas , which are typical for the Early to Middle Cambrian , disappeared at the end of the Middle Cambrian epoch , some 499 million years ago .
" There was an anomaly in the fossil record .
Most of these animals just seemed to disappear at the end of the Middle Cambrian , " said Van Roy , first author of the paper .
The team found that these Burgess Shale - type species survived well into the Ordovician period , which would have had a major impact on those ecosystems and their evolution , Van Roy said .
The team expects to find even more fossils representing other species during future planned expeditions in Morocco .
" We 're only scratching the surface , " Van Roy said .
" I 'm certain there will be more spectacular fossils coming out of this site in the near future . "
Other authors of the paper include Patrick J. Orr ( University College Dublin ) , Joseph P. Botting ( Leeds Museum Discovery Centre ) , Lucy A. Muir , Jakob Vinther ( Yale University ) , Bertrand Lefebvre ( Université Lyon ) , and Khadija el Hariri ( Université Cadi Ayyad ) .
The fossil sites were originally discovered by a local Moroccan collector , Mohammed Ou Said Ben Moulla .
This research was funded by an Agency for Innovation by Science and Technology ( IWT ) doctoral fellowship , an Irish Research Council for Science , Engineering and Technology ( IRCSET ) postdoctoral fellowship , and a National Geographic Society Research and Exploration grant .
Could n't You Just Look at These Joyful Labrador Retrievers All Day ?
via Daily Puppy Share It Share Tweet Post Email Print Related Brace Yourself .
You 're not Ready for How Friendly These Nova Scotia ... Learn More → The Cutest Puppy Bruin a Labrador Retriever Puppy via Daily Puppy Bruin a Labrador Retriever Puppy via Daily Puppy Bruin a Labrador Retriever Puppy via Daily Puppy Bruin a Labrador Retriever Puppy via Daily Puppy Bruin a Labrador Retriever Puppy via Daily Puppy Bruin a Labrador Retriever Puppy via Daily Puppy Buckley a Labrador Retriever Puppy via Daily Puppy Buckley a Labrador Retriever Puppy via Daily Puppy Buckley a Labrador Retriever Puppy via Daily Puppy Buckley a Labrador Retriever Puppy via Daily Puppy Buckley a Labrador Retriever Puppy via Daily Puppy Tanner a Labrador Retriever / Poodle Puppy via Daily Puppy Tanner a Labrador Retriever / Poodle Puppy via Daily Puppy Tanner a Labrador Retriever / Poodle Puppy via Daily Puppy Tanner a Labrador Retriever / Poodle Puppy via Daily Puppy Tanner a Labrador Retriever / Poodle Puppy via Daily Puppy Tanner a Labrador Retriever / Poodle Puppy via Daily Puppy Tanner a Labrador Retriever / Poodle Puppy via Daily Puppy Tanner a Labrador Retriever / Poodle Puppy via Daily Puppy Maxx a Labrador Retriever / Border Collie Puppy via Daily Puppy
Latte
Art is a trend that has become popular several years ago .
The secret is simple – you have to stir espresso and steamed milk creating charming surface pattern or even design .
Coffee foam art requires great skills but results are truly awesome .
Today there are few international Latte Art contests where best artists ( each of them is called “ barista ” ) demonstrate their creativity and original performance .
We thought that it would be a great inspiration for you people to see the collection of some of the most original examples of these amazing designs .
Wikipedia :
A barista ( from the Italian for “ bartender ” ) is a person , usually a coffee - house employee , who prepares and serves espresso - based coffee drinks .
* * *
* * *
* * *
* * *
* * *
* * *
* * *
* * *
* * *
* * *
* * *
* * *
* * *
* * *
* * *
* * *
* * *
* * *
* * *
* * *
* * *
* * *
* * *
* * *
* * *
* * *
* * *
* * *
* * *
Chancellor Angela Merkel 's coalition government of Christian Democrats ( CDU ) and the Free Democratic Party ( FDP ) may be forced to reassess plans to run Germany 's nuclear power plants well past their scheduled shutdown dates .
A defeat in a regional election in the state of North - Rhine Westphalia last Sunday robbed Merkel of a majority in the upper house of Germany 's parliament .
That limits the chancellor 's ability to extend the lifespan of nuclear - power plants .
Merkel has said she favored extended use of the plants to meet energy demands in the European Union 's largest power user .
Proponents say longer use of nuclear power would also cut greenhouse gases blamed for global warming .
Germany 's 17 nuclear reactors accounted for an estimated 23 percent of the country ’s power generation last year , while coal and natural gas made up a combined 55 percent .
Merkel 's center - right coalition had intended to revoke a law passed under former Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder 's center - left coalition that foresaw shutting down all nuclear power plants in Germany by around 2020 .
Using leeway
Bitter defeat - Merkel with conservative Premier Juergen Ruettgers who lost the election
Legal experts are now debating whether Merkel 's plans can still be pushed through without the approval of parliament 's upper chamber , the Bundesrat .
But the state premier of Hesse Roland Koch has called on the government to implement the plans without Bundesrat approval .
" We do n't have to give up plans to extend the operating lives of nuclear reactors , " Koch told the daily Hamburger Abendblatt newspaper on Wednesday .
He said that the nuclear phase - out law had , after all , come into force under Schroeder 's government without upper house approval .
Schroder 's coalition had at the time argued that the legislation unburdened the states and therefore did not require approval .
" The federal government would be well advised to use its room to maneuver , " Koch said .
Higher costs justify approval
But legal experts in parliament have concluded that the Bundesrat must be asked to vote on the legislation .
" An amendment is needed to extend the life - span or rather reintroduce the long - lasting use of nuclear energy , which requires approval by the Bundesrat , " according to a a report by the parliament 's research services quoted by German news agencies .
If the plants continued operating , Germany 's states would have to carry the cost .
The 16 federal states are responsible for monitoring the facilities .
That justified the need for consent , the experts said .
sac / AFP/dpa/Reuters
Editor : Sonia Phalnikar
Cartoonist Attacked by Muslim Mob Screeching Allah Akbar
Swedish cartoonist Lark Vilks was attacked by a group of Muslim crazies earlier today in Sweden .
It is no wonder anti-Muslim sentiment is growing throughout the world .
Their militancy will be their Achilles Heel .
“ Developers are overly optimistic . ”
When it comes to software project scheduling , that ’s one refrain that I ’ve heard almost once too often .
The reality is thatA recent study by social psychologist Dr. Mario Weick shows that people who are in charge – those who set policy and decide on courses of action – make time predictions that are inaccurate and overly optimistic .
Why ?
“ The more people focus on what they want to achieve , the more they tend to neglect impediments , previous experiences and task subcomponents that are not readily apparent , ” Dr. Weick explains .
“ Power tends to increase people 's focus on intended outcomes .
Although this can be beneficial , in the context of time planning we reasoned that power would lead to greater error in forecasts .
” It is n’t because people have greater faith in their abilities or that they see things through rose - colored glasses , either .
“ … Power affects what people focus on when they plan the future , ” Dr. Weick says , “ and this seems to be the root of the greater bias in powerful individuals ' time predictions .
' The problem with planning and estimating does n’t end with developers or those in charge .
It ’s known as the planning fallacy .
A study conducted in 1994 involving demonstrated that the students did a terrible job of estimating how long it would take for them to finish their senior theses .
When it comes to software projects , estimates are regarded as poor , and industry evidence supports this .
The Standish Group ’s periodic Chaos Report is a widely quoted source .
The statistics appear grim :
The United States could position itself as the global leader in producing utility - scale solar power from its vast deserts , with immediate and appropriate government support , a new report from the International Energy Agency says .
The study by the Paris–based energy policy adviser for developed nations says with R&D backing , adoption of feed - in tariffs and binding renewable energy portfolio standards , the U.S. and other sunny nations could accelerate the cost reductions needed for widespread deployment of concentrating solar power ( CSP ) plants .
" This decade is crucial for effective policies , " said Nubuo Tanaka , executive director of IEA .
With incentives in place , investment costs for solar farms could drop by 30 to 40 percent by 2020 , the energy agency , known for its conservative predictions , said .
As the Senate considers new climate law , at least one thing is certain in the U.S. :
There is no lack of available land .
The deserts of the Southwest could theoretically power the entire nation .
Currently , solar provides less than one percent of America 's electricity supply , with about half of that coming from CSP installations .
The 30 - year - old CSP technology is proven .
It has been generating electricity in California since the 1980s .
Unlike photovoltaics , which turn the sun 's rays directly into electricity in panels , CSP uses arrays of often hundreds of mirrors to magnify sunlight .
The massive mirrors concentrate the sun 's energy hundreds of times to generate steam in a boiler that spins a turbine .
The IEA also expects the industry to solve the problem of nightfall .
The 50 - page report says CSP plants will be able produce electricity around the clock in the " not - too - distant future " — even when clouds close in or the sun sets — thanks to emerging thermal storage technologies that will allow " solar plants to compete with fossil - fuel plants . "
Storage technologies will amass power accumulated during daylight hours so it can be released at night or dispatched to the national electrical grid at peak periods .
" The firm capacity and flexibility of CSP plants will help grid operators integrate larger amounts of variable renewable electricity such as solar PV and wind power , " Tanaka said .
As with wind farms on remote Midwestern praires , however , huge investments in long - distance electricity transmission would eventually be needed to carry the clean electricity from far - off deserts to city centers .
But ultimately , it is installation costs that will determine whether CSP technology takes off , or not .
IEA says if building costs falls as predicted , CSP would achieve grid parity by 2020 in peak and intermediate loads .
For baseload power , CSP would be as cheap as coal between 2025 and 2030 .
But that assumes a lot — an increase in competition , a growth in plant size , the mass production of equipment , an improvement in technology improves and a policy to put a global price on carbon .
Most importantly , though , the financial community would have to gain confidence in CSP .
Even with strong government programs , " financing of CSP plants may become difficult if investors in technology companies do not supply some equity capitalists , " the report said .
Spain Leads , For Now
While other governments and the private sector have been slow to support CSP in recent years , Spain has moved ahead on its own .
Spain has taken a leading role globally in promoting solar power and other forms of renewable energy , " Tanaka said , at the launch of the report in Valencia this week .
In 2005 , the Spanish government passed a feed - in tariff aimed at CSP development .
Because of the subsidy , the nation now has over 20 projects under construction with 1,000 megawatts of capacity that could go online by the end of this year .
The country 's eight operational facilities were all completed in the last two years .
It was the U.S. , though , that first eyed CSP with great interest in the 1980s .
And a revival is now underway .
From 1984 to 1991 , the first CSP plants in the world began operating in California , fueled by federal and state tax incentives and mandatory power purchase contracts .
But as fossil fuel costs dropped , so did the political will to advance clean power .
But now CSP is gaining steam in Washington once again , spurred by climate change and foreign energy dependency concerns .
The U.S. Department of Energy has set an objective under its CSP research program to reach price competitiveness with dirty fuels by 2015 , well ahead of EIA targets .
In February — in the government 's boldest stroke yet — DOE offered BrightSource energy , an Oakland - based CSP company , nearly $ 1.4 billion in loan guarantees for its 400 - megawatt Ivanpah CSP system .
The facility is expected to be the world 's largest solar project and the first CSP installation in nearly two decades .
This month , DOE awarded $ 62 million in R&D dollars to CSP start - ups eSolar , Abengoa , Infinia and SkyFuel to help bring advanced technologies to market .
All the while , demand for CSP is continuing at record rates .
In California alone , the U.S. Bureau of Land Management ( BLM ) has received requests for the development of 34 CSP plants on 300,000 acres , totaling some 24,000 megawatts , according to figures from the California Energy Commission .
In early 2010 , the stock of CSP projects worldwide was only around a thousand megawatts , according to IEA .
The pace of the permitting process remains a hurdle in the U.S. , though .
In California , environmental analyses on federal or state land can take 18 to 24 months .
To help tackle the problem , BLM has pledgd to streamline procedures for obtaining permits for CSP plants and access lines , with 11 CSP projects now under fast - track review for approval by December 2010 .
Worldwide : 11 % by 2050
Globally , CSP could provide 11 .3 % of global electricity by mid-century , IEA says .
While North America will be the largest producing and consuming region under this scenario , Africa , India and the Middle East are all expected to be major players .
Currently , Algeria , some Indian states , Israel and South Africa , all have feed - in tariffs or premium payments in place for CSP projects .
Northern Africa , in particular , has the potential to be a considerable CSP exporter to Europe .
According to IEA , the region 's " high solar resource largely compensates for the additional cost of long transmission lines . "
Indeed , the biggest game changer for CSP would be the success of the Desertec initiative .
The ambitious , $ 50 billion plan aims to build vast solar farms in the Sahara and export the electricity via high - voltage direct current transmission lines to power 15 percent of Europe by 2050 .
While building the high - voltage cables remains a technological and financial challenge , IEA says at least some of the incentives to make the project affordable are already in place .
THE PELVIC fLoor Simple exercises to help you tone and strengthen
The pelvic floor consists of layers of muscle and ligaments that stretch from the pubic bone to the end of the backbone ( coccyx ) and from side to side .
Based on its relation to sacrum , coccyx 's mobility has been categorized into four types : ( i ) rigid , when fused with the sacrum ; ( ii ) normal , once there is flexion or extension within 5 [ degrees ] - 25 [ degrees ] on dynamic radiography ; ( iii ) hypermobile , when the range of movement exceeds 25 [ degrees ] ; and ( iv ) dislocated , when it is located posterior to the sacrum .
In effect what that meant was that the little one would be delivered with an unusual tumour at the base of her tailbone ( coccyx ) .
The 42 - year - old needs surgery to correct a problem with her coccyx that 's been causing her trouble for some time .
A You could have a crack in your sacrum or coccyx .
The pain down the back of your leg sounds like sciatica .
The majority of the PIs were located on the sacrum , ischium , coccyx , or heels and believed to be largely due to maintenance of supine positioning without turning within the evidence - based standard of every 2 hours ( AHRQ , 2017 ) .
" My younger sister , a senior who lives alone , had surgery about 12 years ago to remove her coccyx , and she has been in debilitating chronic pain since then .
Mr Burns said the victim suffered multiple injuries and bruising to his body , including his leg , back and coccyx .
He said the incident has resulted in the victim having to give up his job as he's no longer able to operate machinery and is now on benefits .
But Miss Nevitt ( pictured right ) blamed morphine medication for the slurring and said she weaved in her wheelchair because of a problem with her coccyx .
A The pain you are describing sounds like it may be coccydynia : pain in the coccyx ( tailbone ) due to inflammation that may well be related to your accident .
No document with DOI " 10.1.1.90.3209 "
The supplied document identifier does not match
any document in our repository .
The Police Department has been planning a high - tech security network for Midtown Manhattan involving surveillance cameras , license plate readers and chemical sensors , although it was not clear whether it could have prevented the attempted car bombing in Times Square on Saturday night .
The network , patterned after one under development in Lower Manhattan , would eventually use public and private security cameras and license plate readers and would be able to record and track every vehicle moving between 34th and 59th Streets , river to river .
But because neither the S.U.V. used in the attempt nor the license plate on it had been reported stolen , it would not have raised any immediate red flags .
Eventually , police officials have said , the networks would be able to notice whether a car was circling any area suspiciously .
Because the security network is not yet in place in Midtown , it was not known whether the S.U.V. was driven directly to its target on Saturday night .
The network could have been triggered via its chemical , biological and radiological sensors , presuming that the material in the vehicle , which is not yet fully analyzed , was detectable .
Scientists have discovered the part of the brain that makes people gullible , it was claimed today .
The findings could have massive implications for treating the growing number of people who fall wide - eyed for sensationalist media reports .
Professor Cristoph Morris , who led the research , said that a part of the brain called the inferior supra-credulus was unsually active in people with a tendency to believe horoscopes and papers invoking fancy brain scans .
“ This correlation is so strong that we can speculate about a causal link with a high degree of certainty , ” he concluded .
Morris made his discovery using a brain - scanning technique called fluorescence magnetic resonance imaging ( fMRI ) , which can read people ’s thoughts with an incredible degree of accuracy , just slightly better than chance .
His results are published in the Journal of Evolutionary Psychoimagery .
When Morris studied individual neurons within the supra-credulus , he found that gullibility was associated with the activity of a single gene called WTF1 .
The less active it was , the more feckless people were .
This fits with existing evidence , for faulty versions of WTF1 have already been linked to a higher risk of being Rickrolled and buying the Daily Mail .
“ You could say that gullibility is in your genes , ” said Morris .
“ You ’d be shatteringly wrong , but that would n’t matter to gullible people . ”
The researchers described their discovery as “ the holy grail of behavioural neurogenetics ” .
Morris explains , “ It ’s a real breakthrough .
It means that we can fire a magic bullet right into the heart of sensationalist media stories .
We can develop vaccines that stop people from buying things on the grounds that the packaging has a smiling farmer on it or that they ’re endorsed by the cretin who may or may not have lost Big Brother . ”
Morris has been collaborating with nutritionist Patricia Marber to develop just such as vaccine .
Together , the duo found that they could completely stop the activity of neurons in the supra- credulus by smashing them with a giant hammer .
“ We think that the iron in the hammers is somehow suppressing WTF1 in a way that stops nerve signalling in the supra- credulus , ” explains Marber .
“ We might need some clinical trials to check that the hammers are effective and to work out any side effects , but you go right ahead and write your headline .
Say something about Thor. Everyone likes Thor . ”
“ It ’s not like the people who need the treatment will question it , ” she added .
The fMRI scans also revealed that the supra- credulus was more active in the brains of women than in men .
Evolutionary psychologist Stephan Koogin , who also worked on the study , thinks he knows why .
“ Picture , if you will , a group of Pleistocene - Americans .
The men are out hunting for mammoths and bears , and they ca n’t afford to be fooled by fake tracks .
The women stayed at home picking berries or something , and they needed to tell each other far - fetched stories to keep each other entertained , because berries are really boring .
Sounds reasonable , does n't it ?
Assuming all of this is true , and who ’s to say it is n’t , I ’m right . ”
tweetmeme_source = ' DiscoverMag ' ; tweetmeme_service = ' bit.ly ' ;
Photos by Michael Harley / Copyright © 2010 Weblogs , Inc .
Lotus has become synonymous with lightweight , no - frills sports cars thanks to its ass - kicking Elise roadster and Exige coupe – arguably two of the world 's best driver 's cars .
Yet , despite their impressiveness on the track , the Elise and Exige are about as practical as a gutted Spec Miata when it comes to daily drivers .
In an effort to put more sophistication on the menu , and capture a larger market share , Lotus has rolled out its first all - new car in 15 years .
Like the Elise and Exige , the Evora is a lightweight , aluminum - chassis , mid-engine sports car that puts a premium on driving dynamics .
But unlike its smaller , harder siblings , the Evora offers more interior space , a host of luxury amenities , two - plus - two seating and a six - cylinder powerplant .
The chassis of the Evora is manufactured by Lotus Lightweight Structures Limited in Worcester , United Kingdom , as three main components .
The main chassis – an extruded and bonded aluminum safety monocoque tub – is where the passengers and fuel tank reside .
In front of that is an all - aluminum subframe containing the front suspension , cooling system and steering rack ( it 's bolted to the main chassis for easy repair ) .
The rear subframe is galvanized steel and contains the rear suspension , engine and gearbox ( likewise bolted to the back of main chassis ) .
The whole assembly weighs just over 440 pounds and is more than twice as stiff as the chassis in the Elise , says Lotus .
All body panels are composite , either bolted or bonded to the chassis depending on location .
The curb weight comes in around 3,000 pounds with 39 percent of the mass over the front wheels and the other 61 percent hovering over the rear , nearly mirroring the weight distribution of the unflappable Elise and Exige .
And just like the Elise / Exige twins , the Evora is packing a Japanese - sourced powerplant mounted amidships .
It 's a Toyota 2GR - FE 3.5 - liter V6 – the same engine fitted to the pedestrian Lexus RX350 Toyota Camry and Toyota Sienna – is equipped with ToMoCo 's Dual VVT - i variable valve timing , putting out 268 horsepower in standard guise .
Lotus adds its own engine management software to bump output to 276 hp and 258 pound - feet of torque , while increasing the redline to 7,000 RPM .
The engine sits transversely in the middle of the chassis , tilted just slightly rearward for better packaging .
For now the sole gearbox is an Aisin EA60 six - speed manual , also sourced from Toyota .
Lotus pulls out the range of overdrive gears ( third through sixth ) and replaces them with closer , custom ratios to suit the Evora .
Customers may choose from either a standard - ratio ' box , or a sport - ratio transmission with shorter gearing , and for those who do n't like to row their own , hold out for a six - speed automatic that 's set to arrive in the near future .
The suspension is comprised of lightweight forged aluminum wishbones fitted with Eibach springs and Bilstein shocks on all four corners .
Mounted to each wheel hub are oversized ventilated disc brakes ( 13.77 - inch in front and 13.07 - inch rear rotors in the rear ) sporting AP Racing four - piston calipers .
If you option up for the " Sport Package , " ventilated rotors with cross - drilled units are available .
The standard tire package is staggered in both tire width and wheel size , with the Evora kitted out with 18 - inch alloys up front ( 225/40Z R18 ) and 19 - inch alloys in the rear ( 255/35Z R19 ) .
The base price for the Lotus Evora is $ 72,990 for the " 2 +0 " ( two - seat ) version and $ 73,500 for the " 2+2 " model .
Lotus also offers three optional bundled packages .
A " Premium Package " ( $ 1,990 ) delivers interior accent lighting , upgraded interior trim and more extensive use of premium leathers and colors .
The " Technology Package " ( $ 2,995 ) includes an Alpine multimedia infotainment system designed around a seven - inch WVGA touch - sensitive screen .
It also includes Bluetooth phone connectivity , satellite navigation , a tire pressure monitoring system TPMS ) , cruise control and rear parking sensors .
The " Sport Upgrade Pack " ( $ 1,275 ) fits the Evora with a more aggressive diffuser , titanium exhaust tailpipe , cross - drilled brake discs , engine oil cooler and a switchable ECU with sports mode that provides a sharper throttle response , increased redline and a traction control setting tuned for aggressive driving .
Stand - alone options include just electric power - folding mirrors ( $ 450 ) , reverse camera ( $ 495 ) , forged alloy wheels ( $ 2,125 ) , sport - ratio gearbox ( $ 1,500 ) and an equalizer system for the Alpine audio package ( $ 495 ) .
Our test car was a " 2+2 " model loaded up like a shopper during the holidays .
Our eyes never saw an actual dealer sticker , but our guess is that the blue metallic tester would set you back about $ 84,000 .
In all honesty , we 'd choose an Evora " 2+2 " with only the Sport Pack and sport - ratio gearbox and walk out of the showroom at $ 76,275 ( for comparison , the Porsche Cayman S starts at $ 61,500 and a bare - bones Porsche 911 begins at $ 77,800 ) .
Standing next to the world 's only mid-engine 2+2 sports car currently in production , the Evora is bigger than it looks in pictures – much larger than the diminutive , hard - top Exige .
By the tape , the Evora comes in at 170.9 - inches long with a 101.4 - inch wheelbase , while the smaller Exige is 149.5 - inches in length sporting a 90.6 - inch wheelbase .
Despite all of its aluminum , the Evora is roughly the same weight and size as a Porsche Cayman S – one of its closest mid-engine competitors .
Unlike the Exige coupe , a sports car that requires acrobatic ability to enter , our six - foot two - inch frame slid easily behind the flat - bottom forged magnesium wheel of the Evora .
With the seat moved forward a few clicks ( yes , forward ) , and the steering wheel tilted and telescoped just right , our body was comfortable in the standard two - way adjustable Recaro bucket seats .
There is no " dead pedal " per se – blame the left - front wheel 's slight intrusion into the cockpit – so our left foot hung out awkwardly over , on or under the clutch pedal .
Rearward visibility is dismal , providing a clear view of the engine cover in the rear - view mirror , but a reverse camera is included and the generously sized exterior mirrors offer a clear shot of the flanks and the surrounding traffic on each side .
Yes , there is a back seat , which Lotus says can accommodate a five - foot - tall adult .
We were n't about to try .
You wo n't either .
Twist the key ( no push - button start here ) and the 3.5 - liter V6 springs to life and settles to a muted purr .
The clutch is light and the lever throws a bit longer than we prefer , but it is n't harder to operate than a Toyota Corolla .
After backing gingerly out of our parking space ( thank you Mr. Reverse Camera ) , we drop into first gear and drive about a mile down the road .
Then it hits us hard – a sucker - punch to the face .
We drive countless cars around here .
Nearly all of them , from cargo vans to exotics , take time to get acquainted with as mannerisms are absorbed , character traits are learned and faults either annoy or are overlooked .
After a few hours , days or even a week , we forge judgments and opinions about vehicles and then decide if we like it .
The Lotus Evora , in striking contrast , is n't one of " them .
" You " get " the Evora immediately – or it goes completely over your head .
Recovering from the welcomed blow , we 've got a grin on our kisser rivaling the Mazdaspeed3 within the first block .
We lock the doors , snug our belt , and head for the open road in the mountains just east of San Diego .
Familiar with the Elise and Exige , both minimalist sports cars that joyously drive like oversized go - karts , we expected the power - assisted steering and extra half - ton of curb weight on the Evora to muffle the fun like a bout of asthma at a harmonica convention .
Not going to happen , says the Lotus engineering team .
It takes but a few turns to realize that the Evora drives with a springing lightness that defies any preconceived notions .
Maybe the tires are filled with helium ?
Fling the Evora into a corner above your comfort level and it responds to minute steering inputs like a well - trained Labrador retriever .
Without hesitation , it loyally delivers everything asked of it and not one degree more .
Mile after mile , corner after corner , we smiled , giggled , laughed and tears of joy rolled down our cheeks ( bring tissue on your test drive ) .
We felt invincible – the same way we do when piloting the Elise and Exige .
All credit is directed towards the chassis and a very accurate steering system teamed with what may be the world 's best suspension tuning .
Any vehicle that boasts a cornering grip in excess of 1g ( as the Evora does ) typically rides in washboard fashion .
Not in this case .
Through some secret black art – and without the use of electronically - controlled dampers – the Evora corners perfectly flat , yet absorbs pavement breaks and cow crossing grates without drama .
The suspension on the Evora is unequaled – perfectly compliant and beautifully composed .
Lotus boasts that the Evora 's brakes are " fade free . "
While we never had a chance to victimize them on the track , they continued to stop short at any request and seemed to get better as we heated them up .
The transmission 's ratios are a perfect spread with the sport gearing ( do n't even consider the taller " standard " gearbox ) , but we did feel the throws were a bit long for such an agile sports car .
Furthermore , while it 's easy to shift when just poking around , the clutch prefers a full , foot - to - the - floor engagement , otherwise you 'll be grinding gears or chattering your way through traffic .
But do n't rush things and you 're rewarded with clean , smooth shifts that inspire just as much confidence as the exemplary suspension .
We consider the Evora quick on its toes , but not particularly fast .
The torque - rich 3.5 - liter six pulls cheerfully from all positions on the tachometer and it seemed to relish spinning to the right side of the dial – surprising for a mill pilfered from the Toyota parts bin .
We only found ourselves yearning for more power on the straight , or in the taller gears while on the highway .
Before you challenge that Subaru STI to a drag race at the light , keep in mind that most of the Evora 's competition will outrun its claimed 0 - 60 time of 4.9 seconds ( top speed is a drag - limited 162 mph ) .
Bet on a forced - induction model in the future , as the chassis could easily handle more power .
In the big picture , our enthusiast - tuned taste buds say the new Lotus is one of the most enjoyable sports cars we have ever driven – standing only behind its Elise and Exige siblings when forced to get in line .
Baring our soul , we 'll even go so far as to say the Evora is more fun to drive than the benchmark Porsche Cayman S. Or a 911 .
Yeah , we said it .
But , would we choose the Lotus over a Porsche While the Evora is leaps and bounds more civilized , comfortable and well - rounded than anything we 've seen from Lotus in recent memory ( we 'd gladly drive it 1,000 miles in a day ) , it still seems to stop short of filling that critical second slot in our own driveway .
Like most limited - production sport cars , the Evora still feels too special to weather the road salt , bug guts and bird excrement that pummel our daily drivers .
Nevertheless , the all - new coupe is a remarkably more compatible mate than its aging predecessors , delivering 98 % of the performance while tripling the convenience and amenities .
While both the Elise / Exige are frisky cars you date , the Evora is exceptional enough to wed .
And for the masses that dream of putting a Lotus in the garage , the all - new Evora is the answer to their prayers .
Alan Rickman for Old Spice
By rouquinamour Watch
177 Favourites 100 Comments 10 K Views
So this was a spoof on the Old Spice commercial with the guy who is the ' perfect man . '
Maybe , but he is n't Alan Rickman .
So , here it is ; my own spoof on what it really should have been !
IMAGE DETAILS Image size 500x3600px 1.02 MB Show More
Published : Mar 28 , 2010
Brain mainframe ( Image : John Lund / Getty )
Editorial : Deep brain electrodes are real hope for mental illness
DEEP brain stimulation has long been psychiatry ’s black magic : stick electrodes into a region linked to mental illness , deliver rapid pulses of weak current , and voila !
Crippling symptoms of depression , obsessive compulsive disorder and even substance abuse are eased .
Now brain imaging of people undergoing deep brain stimulation ( DBS ) to treat depression is revealing the mechanism behind these effects – and who it will and wo n’t work on .
The crucial discovery is that DBS seems to tune an array of brain regions , not just the …
LittleBigPlanet 2 Confirmed by Game Informer
It has , however , previously been stated by Media Molecule that it was working on a sequel .
Last month , a musician confirmed that one of his songs had been licensed for LittleBigPlanet 2 .
No surprise here , but definitely cool to know that we 'll be getting details on the sequel soon .
The timing should also mean it will be shown at E3 2010 in June .
Monaco , 13 - 16 May 2010 ( Round 6 )
( This forecast will be regularly updated .
This entry : Sunday 16 May , 12:50hrs BST )
Quick Links :
---------------------------------------
Nowcast / Forecast updates :
Sunday , 12.55BST : A few showers now forming close to the Italian border and across the high ground north of Monaco , being fed southwards in the prevailing flow .
So , the small risk of showers remains valid , but nonethless it 's odds - on to remain a dry event , as forecast .
Saturday , 09:50BST : Good morning - a brief update for you all !
The risk of any showers today remains very low and so we can assume dry running should prevail throughout today ; hazy sunny spells with some high cirrus cloud aloft ; temperatures rising to around 20 - 22C by this afternoon .
The dry signal for tomorrow 's race remains consistently strong ; still a small risk of an afternoon shower in the vicinity .
Friday , 22:30BST : Similar story to the last model output .
Some minor inter-run variations as expected in this sort of set - up , but the broad theme remains as previously noted .
I 'm still not prepared to be bullish about the prospects for an entirely shower - free qualifying .
Yes , it 's certainly odds - on to remain dry , but I stress again how a shower signal in our higher resolution models remains fairly consistent , albeit a low % threat and far more likely to affect inland districts .
The teams will surely remain a tad wary of this potential as they consider their strategy for the three sessions .
I 'm off to Hertfordshire on Saturday morning , so can't update you weather - wise for FP3 .... but hope to be doing so just ahead of qualifying , M4 / M25 / A1 ( M ) traffic allowing !
Hope you enjoy our coverage tomorrow , across all our platforms here on the BBC .
Friday , 12:00BST : The ensemble of 06z model runs are in broad agreement for Saturday 's prospects , which reveal little significant variation from the forecast theme previously described : FP3 will be dry with sunny spells ; qualifying also looks very likely to remain dry , again with pleasant sunny spells & variable cloud cover , with just a low chance of disruption from showers .
Into the afternoon , these are expected to affect various districts just inland from the principality , but less so on the coastal margin .
Ambient temperatures will reach 18C by 1 pm local time ; winds at street level will be light and mostly southerly , but with a dominant cold northerly flow up aloft .
Race day also looks likely to remain dry albeit again with a generally low threat of afternoon showers .
Friday , 05:00BST : I 'm just awaiting the new ensemble of model output but overnight runs have continued to offer the same broad theme for Saturday .
Mostly a dry signal , but important to note that all models offer a low - but consistently present - threat of showers into Saturday afternoon .
So , a dry qualifying is a more likely outcome , but by no means guaranteed .
Variable cloud cover through the day , as earlier noted .
This vibrant satellite image , taken yesterday during free practice 2 , shows some interesting weather aspects around southern France and Monaco ( red dot ) at the time .
At 1 , a large cumulonimbus cell was delivering thundery downpours into Nice ; it 's conspicuous anvil aloft swept northeastwards in the prevailing upper winds .
This cell delivered some rain across Monaco towards the end of FP2 .
A smaller storm cell can be seen at 2 .
Cumulus streets are clearly visible in the brisk northwesterly flow at 3 through the Rhone valley , where the cool , dry Mistral winds have cleared much of the cloud cover .
At 4 , distinctive rope clouds arc across the Ligurian Sea , with low pressure sitting not far eastwards delivering a number of showers across northern Italy .
( Image : Courtesy NASA / GSFC , MODIS Rapid Response ) .
Thurs .
20:00 BST : With Saturday 's free practice 3 and qualifying now just emerging into range of our higher - resolution NAE modelling , my previous forecast comments hold firm , with little significant change of emphasis .
Saturday continues to look dry or mostly dry , with a continuing decline in the local rainfall signal with each successive model run .
Sunny spells again expected through Saturday ; dry for FP3 and very likely to remain dry during qualifying , albeit still retaining a low risk of showers .
Low - level convergence and orographic influences will tend to build cloud slightly inland .
This , combined with the drier N - NE flow slightly aloft , will help keep a good deal of sunnier weather along the coastal fringe of the Côte d'Azur ( refer to my earlier comments on regional influences below , under ' synoptic situation & forecast evolution ' ) .
So I assume the teams , through their own meteorological advice , are also leaning towards a dry qualifying session ( or at least hoping so ! ) .
Thurs 13:46 BST : I 'll be amazed if the circuit manages to dodge this storm cell ... it does look highly likely to give rain there in the next 10 mins or so .
Thurs , 13:35BST : Trajectory of the storm cell we 're tracking just west of circuit suggests it will pass just north of Monaco shortly .... heavy downpours being recorded from it on radar .
Thurs , 13:05BST : Our high - resolution lightning detection system via the Met Office is recording a lot of lightning flashes now from a storm cell just west of Monaco .... if it ( or other similarly lively cells ) crosses the circuit , which is quite possible , it will give a real downpour .
Thurs , 12:20BST : So far , so good with today 's forecast .
Showers now readily forming just inland across neighbouring coastal localities with precipitation from these cells fed ENE in the prevailing flow .
These are being formed with influences of local orography .
Certainly not impossible to see some affecting the circuit for free practice 2 ; albeit most will preferentially form slightly further inland above and upstream of the higher ground .
Local rainfall radar available at https://www.meteoliguria.it/dati_osservati/areali/radar.html?type=rpa
---------------------------------------
Current Forecast Headlines :
Thurs : Sunny spells ; Max 18C .
A few showers possible PM .
Sat : Variable cloud cover & sunny spells ; Max 21C .
A few showers possible PM .
Sun : Sunny spells ; Max 21C .
Light winds .
Dry race expected .
--------------------------------------
It 's back - to - back races this week and hot on the heels of departing Barcelona , we now turn our attention to Formula One 's iconic , inimitable race at Monaco .
Monaco 's skyline is not guaranteed the dry , sunny conditions prevailing in this view , as the F1 event gets underway on Thursday against a backdrop of unsettled weather across the region .
I absolutely love this event and I 'm sure many ( most ? ) of you share my view .
As so many other historic circuits become rather emasculated , there 's something very special about Monaco : the unashamed opulence and vibrancy ; those tiny margins of error between utterly unforgiving barriers ; the sheer brilliance of those who can throw an F1 car around this extraordinary place - lap after lap , in metronomic fashion - with seeming aplomb .
And then there 's the weather .
Chuck even a sprinkling of rain across the asphalt at La Rascasse , Casino Square or Loews Hairpin , and you 're sure to stamp ' drama ' onto every lap around this place .
The very best in this sport have triumphed here in the wet ; most - at some point - have also crashed in it , too .
Inarguably , few races on the calendar prove so compelling from start to finish .
Once again , we 're looking at another weather story worth following right to the chequered flag : because with all our forecast models indicating further unsettled weather across much of the western Mediterranean and mainland Europe between now and race day , I have little doubt we 're into another journey of a changeable local forecast emphasis .
Synoptic situation & forecast evolution :
The one certainty , weather - wise , is that the Azores high will dominate out in the North Atlantic and low pressure likewise across central Europe and the Northern Mediterranean .
A substantial upper ridge sitting north - south in the Atlantic will once again provide an effective blocked pattern , while an upper trough , dangling all the way out of Iceland down to southern Europe , will dictate the weather across much of continental Europe and continue to offer unseasonably cool conditions for many .
Rather continuing a theme we saw emerging ahead of the Spanish GP , a surface low pressure system has established this week in the western Mediterranean , from where it has evolved into a very dominant feature , migrating northwards into eastern - central Europe .
With attendant fronts and troughs feeding - down in the northerly flow , bouts of wet ( and in some places , very wet and thundery ) weather will spread across many parts of southern France , northern Italy , Switzerland and environs through to the weekend , including - periodically , at least - across Monaco itself .
My colleague Sarah Holt 's hastily - snapped photo taken en-route to Monaco says it all !
During Thursday , the dominating upper trough sits all the way from the Arctic down across the British Isles , western Europe to the Western Mediterranean .
On Saturday , an upper vortex forms above the northern Adriatic , coupled to a quite vigorous surface low that will drift across the northern Balkans towards the Black Sea into Sunday .
It 'll provide further emphasis for unsettled weather across southern France and northern Italy at times into the weekend .
There 's a strong inter - model signal for pressure rising slowly from the west into Sunday , which should steadily supress the risk of showers into the afternoon to potentially offer a dry race throughout .
However , with a surface low never far away to the east , at this juncture it 's impossible to reliably call the the race prospects for this event as wholly dry .
One regional feature that will probably become evident into the weekend , with the surface low evolving above northern Italy , is the northwesterly Mistral and northerly Tramontane winds blowing down across Provence and also into the Côte d'Azur .
Cold air is fed down off the Alps towards Monaco , but there 's some important localised factors at work that will very much dictate how the weather materialises across the principality on Thursday and Saturday especially .
As the flow spills down off the high ground encircled behind Monaco , it tends to undergo some degree of Foehn effect ( adiabatic ) warming , helping clear the skies coastally .
At the same time , and probably more importantly for this race event , a southerly low - level breeze off the Mediterranean is forced up orographically over the same high ground , condensing - out to offer - with convergence assistance too - towering cumulus clouds and an attendant shower risk a short distance inland .
The coastal fringe and circuit , meanwhile , can stay brighter and dry , whilst the peaks north of Monaco remain draped in cloud .
It 's going to be interesting watching satellite and radar to see if this combination of localised effects helps spare the track sessions from much of the showery wet weather ... or not !
Session Forecasts
Thursday 's practice sessions ( remember : there 's no track action on Friday here ! ) could prove the first test in terms of how the local weather behaves , or not , for this year 's event .
Forecast modelling for the day has shown pretty good continuity and it's now well into range of the Met Office 's higher - resolution NAE model .
With a trough sitting effectively SW - NE across southern France ( see latest Met Office synoptic chart , below ) , there 's a potential for some showers at times .
A sunny morning expected ; free practice 1 will almost certainly stay dry .
There 's a growing , but still fairly low risk of showers affecting free practice 2 ; ambient temperature will reach 17 - 18C .
Quite a breezy day at times - especially down at the marina and seafront - with winds from the SW / SSW .
Any rainfall accumulation from start of FP1 to end of FP2 unlikely to exceed 1 - 3 mm .
The UK Met Office 's latest synoptic chart for 12:00 GMT on Thursday shows a trough draped through northern Spain and across towards northern Italy , likely to deliver showers into Monaco ( red dot ) at times ( Image : Courtesy UK Met Office )
Saturday 's current forecast expectations , with low pressure centred out east across the Adriatic ( see chart , below ) , are still impossible to localise with anything more than moderate confidence .
Modelling continues to suggest a dry session for free practice 3 ; a fair chance of a dry qualifying too , but a low chance ( increasingly so , in most model runs ) of some showers into the afternoon .
Forecast continuity has reasonably consistent for Saturday afternoon , indicative of light to moderate showers developing in districts from Nice eastwards to Liguria .
Crucially however , the modelled signal for rain is significantly higher further inland rather than coastally and also eastwards of Monaco .
By Friday we 'll see how the higher - resolution models support these prospects .
Winds will be lighter than Thursday ; predominantly from the SW ; with ambient temperature 16 - 17C .
The teams will be keenly watching Saturday 's forecast developments , not least given the concerns about qualifying for this event , already expressed by some team principals and drivers .
Clearly , rain is by no means a certainty at this juncture , but to quote our Met Office Duty Forecaster at BBC Weather Centre , in a conversation with me on Tuesday :
" It would be worthy of a major pay rise if any F1 team employee guarantees , at this stage , a dry day throughout all of Saturday ... and duly delivers the goods " .
The UK Met Office 's synoptic chart for 12:00 GMT on Saturday calls for low pressure easing eastwards into the Balkans and a chance of showers forming through parts of southern France and northern Italy .
It 'll be a radar - watching story at Monaco that afternoon .
( Image : Courtesy UK Met Office )
Sunday 's race prospects , with all models agreeing on pressure building from the west , are broadly indicating improved conditions .
Bar a generally small chance of showers still evident in some modelling , all forecasts lean heavily towards a dry event .
Hazy bright or sunny spells across the principality ; an ambient temperature around 17 - 18C and a mostly light southerly breeze .
Hello ,
We are MUBI .
Who ?
What ?
Ok , lets make this simple …
Do you know who Kubrick is ?
What about Antonioni ?
David Lynch ?
Ring any bells ?
It ’s ok , do n’t bother if you do n’t …
But if you are still reading you are going to like this a lot .
Well , we are MUBI and we are basically transforming your PS3 console into your own online cinema .
( You can still play games and all that , do n’t worry ! )
We could n’t resist the idea of everyone having their own exquisite film library —
And that ’s it in a nutshell .
But lets get this straight , we are not just an online cinema and we are not just some tech and film geeks in California — well , some of us are , yes — but we are 300,000 friends talking , discovering , and sharing films with one another every day .
In fact , every 2 minutes there ’s someone joining us .
Yes. 2 minutes .
Sorry to get a bit geeky ( we warned you ! ) , but that ’s 700 people joining each day .
Not bad … but joining what ?
The truth is , we ca n’t even start explaining .
But let ’s try this :
At the moment , some of us are at the Cannes Film Festival announcing a major collaboration with SCEE for PS3 .
So , soon , you will find a new application on your console , which will let you stream the best of international cinema from the comforts of your couch .
This is not a simple virtual videostore ; we emphasize quality over quantity .
You ’ll find undistributed festival gems ripe for your discovery , your favorite recent independent and art - house releases .
Names like the Coen brothers , Godard , Kitano , Almodóvar , Tarantino , and Van Sant are some we ’ll bring home to you .
Palm d’Or winners and simply films we think should have won awards .
But that ’s not all .
We ’ll bring you exclusive online premieres , collaborations with international film festivals , and retrospectives of some of the best cinema the world has ever seen .
And as we said , we love talking and sharing wonderful cinema too .
Which makes MUBI like a small coffee shop , a place where you can gather and chat about alternative endings , directors ’ cuts , or whatever those frogs in Magnolia meant .
You can follow members and interact with them :
This is Martin Scorsese ’s profile for instance ( he happens to be a member ! ) .
Anyway , you get the point .
We ’ve spent some time tying together an online cinema with a simple , engaging social network to help film lovers spread around the world connect over the movies they love best .
And that is that .
Welcome to MUBI .
[ viddler id=35dd5a39&w=545&h=327&playertype=simple ]
Do you know what Tati means ?
What about Jonze ?
Enjoy ,
The Mubi Team
May 18 , 2010
AMHERST , Mass . —
The world ’s leading online resource for questions about the meaning of life , ethics and other existential matters has now launched an app for mobile devices such as the iPhone and Android phones .
AskPhilosophers.org , which was founded in 2005 by Alexander George , a philosophy professor at Amherst College , will now broaden its reach to include those who are pondering the big questions without easy access to a PC .
( The app ’s development has been covered by various blogs and media outlets , including the New York Times Arts Beat blog , AppsScout , the Boston Globe Brainiac blog , Open Culture and 3 Quarks Daily ) .
“ People do n’t stop thinking when they leave their computer terminals , ” George says .
“ When philosophical questions occur to people away from their desks or computer screens they ’ll now have the opportunity through their mobile devices to see quickly whether other people have already asked that question and whether it ’s received interesting responses . ”
AskPhilosophers.org ’s simple mission – to deploy a virtual team of professional philosophers to tackle the questions that have been vexing mankind for generations – has yielded more than 3,000 responses , archived on the website and arranged according to categories that include ethics , love and rationality .
As befits a philosopher , George is careful when describing the service to specify that the site ’s panelists provide responses , but not definitive answers , to the queries that arrive on a daily basis .
“ I do n’t think there are definitive answers and more importantly I do n’t think the panelists do either , ” George says .
“ In fact , what I love about their responses is that the panelists are not about : ‘ Here ’s the question ; here ’s your answer — next ! ’
Instead , they ’re much more inclined to say something like ‘ Here are a few concepts , some distinctions , and several positions to throw into the mix to sharpen your question a bit and to bring your reflections to the next level . ’”
Since its launch , the roster of philosophers who regularly tackle queries has grown to more than 30 .
That collective wisdom has resulted in widespread media coverage as well as a book , an anthology of questions and responses that has been translated into several languages ( its English title is What Would Socrates Say ? ) .
Another book , dealing with ethics and titled What Should I Do ? , is forthcoming .
A podcast project that involves Amherst students who select and read queries and responses , is also in the works .
For now , the mobile application is taking center stage , and George and his fellow panelists will be monitoring its usage closely .
Ready to tweak it with more features if necessary will be George , along with his collaborators in Amherst College ’s Information Technology department .
“ This is Amherst ’s first app , and the fact that it ’s a philosophy app is quite appropriate for a liberal arts college , ” George says .
NOTE : The AskPhil application is suitable for the iPhone , the iPod touch and the iPad .
It can be downloaded for free at http://itunes.apple.com/us/app/askphil/id371299815.
( It is also available in the Android Market ; just search for “ AskPhil ” . )
For more information or to arrange an interview with Alexander George , please contact Peter Rooney , Director of Public Affairs , Amherst College , at 413-542-2321 or prooney@amherst.edu .
March 2020 Update :
Out of concern for the health and safety of our staff , supporters , and the wider community during the current coronavirus pandemic , Animal Outlook has made the difficult decision to cancel its involvement in all upcoming events this spring .
For this reason , we are regretfully canceling our own World MeatOut Day events , as well as ending our promotion of all independently organized events celebrating World MeatOut Day .
MeatOut celebrations will , however , continue on our website , where we ’ve shared official proclamations from coast to coast recognizing MeatOut and invite supporters to take our vegan pledge to unlock exclusive deals and free resources .
We are asking that our volunteers refrain from engaging in community activities such as protesting and leafleting on behalf of Animal Outlook ’s programs during this time .
We also strongly encourage those who are organizing their own community events on or around World MeatOut Day to consider shifting to a virtual format .
For those who elect to move forward with events independently of Animal Outlook , we urge you to avoid serving open food and to follow the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) guidance to minimize risks to attendees .
We will continue to monitor updates and recommendations from the below agencies and encourage you to stay up to date , as well as to take personal safety precautions :
US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
World Health Organization ( WHO )
We share your disappointment in the impacts this unfolding public health crisis will have on the 35th anniversary of MeatOut , but we recognize the importance of protecting personal and public health .
We would love to collaborate with you on transitioning your planned events to a virtual format and invite you to reach out to us at outreach@animaloutlook.org for resources and ideas .
Thank you again for your support of MeatOut and Animal Outlook ’s work .
We ’re changing the world for animals !
Deprecated .
A nice wrapping around System .
Random .
Full documentation is available in Literate Haskell at the homepage link .
Nomad ( added : 14 Jul 2020 ) SERE guy who was impossible to piss off ( no- mad ) and wandered around showing up in weird places seemingly being everywhere at once .
Phillip 66 ( added : 31 May 2019 )
The person always bragged about being in the Air Force but his MOS ( Military Occupational Specialty ) was refueling aircraft .
Vermin ( added : 8 Jun 2019 ) Name is Vee Ming , it could have been worse ...
STAC ( added : 4 Jun 2019 ) Second Time 's A Charm While under F - 16 Conversion Course in the 195th FS , after 8 years of " phlying " the F - 4E Phantom , to indicate the transitioning from a legendary aircraft to a charming one .
It was appointed during a " phantastic " naming party in the FS ' bar on a Friday afternoon after the last jet landed .
OPEC ( added : 19 Sep 2017 ) Dutch F - 16 pilot 's Name was Oliemans .
Translated his name is ' Oil man ' so a good call sign was quickly found .......
Ratdog ( added : 8 Sep 2017 ) A C - 17 pilot ( Jeff Daniels ) spotted several vehicles headed to the Iranian border in SW Afghanistan .
After calling it in , two fighters did a " show of force " to check them out .
They were fired upon and subsequently destroyed the vehicles .
During the intel debrief , a young intel airman was impressed that the C - 17 pilot was " a dog " for " ratting out " the Taliban ... " A Ratdog " .
The EAG / CC was in the debrief and immediately named him .
Alphabet ( added : 31 Mar 2016 )
Had this new guy in the squadron by the name of Varsonofy Krestovozdvizhensky .
After the first day , everybody just called him Alphabet .
Sparkles ( added : 15 Mar 2016 )
I was the only female in the unit for a long time , so at military banquets and other events , I would always be the only person in the unit dressed in a fancy dress and shoes .
The guys made fun of me for being so " sparkly , " and the callsign " Sparkles " stuck .
Hedge ( added : 27 Feb 2016 ) Last name Bushroe .
( Hedge = a row of bushes )
Hurl ( added : 11 Feb 2016 )
As a young 1stLt , got a little too liquored up on a chartered bus taking the squadron pilots and the wives to the USMC Birthday Ball .
Barfed all over everything .
Even managed to get barf on some of the wives dresses .... it was classic !
Call sign was given as " Hurl " .
Hefty ( added : 3 Jun 2017 )
Our navigator was gun shy in regards to using the forward latrine on our platform .
I was too , but I could hold it .
We would lock the rear latrine when he was heading down from the outside of it to see how long he would stand there .
One day he could n't take the wait and eventually just pissed in the trashbag hung up in the very rear of our jet .
While he was in fact a larger man , his callsign had nothing to do with his weight .
Guido ( added : 25 Jun 2017 )
My hero was Steve Bales , a NASA guidance officer .
He was a GUIDO -- " guide - oh " .
He was the GUIDO on duty in the control room who called " Go " for Neil and Buzz to continue landing Apollo 11 on the Moon , through the guidance radar failures and landing computer crashes .
I got named after him , and thought it was pretty cool .
Only later did I realize that when it 's spelled out , nobody says " guide - oh " -- and I became Guido the Italian .
Grip ( added : 11 Aug 2017 )
As in " get a grip . "
Wrote a letter to my sponsor , " Biggus " before getting assigned to the 36 FS " Fiends " in 1990 , asking him to take care of a few things for me ahead of time .
Free Willy ( added : 20 Sep 2017 ) Prowler ECMO who used the relief tube , and forgot to zip up until he stepped out of the aircraft .
Smudge ( added : 22 Sep 2017 )
While gawking at a dancer at the Viking Club on Guam the dancer took off my buddies glasses and attempted to clean them on herself after which she placed the glasses back on his face and he could n't see through the smudges .
Squidbait ( added : 14 Oct 2017 ) Captain Michael Ross , RF - 4C driver was shot down by USN F - 14 Tomcat during exercise over the med .
1N ( added : 16 Oct 2017 ) Air Battle Manager , his name was " Glen " , not " Glenn " and he made sure everyone knew it .
OMAR ( added : 7 Nov 2017 ) Oh Man , Another Retard
Scoofer ( added : 23 May 2017 ) WWII commander of a Navy TBF Avenger Squadron haggled a great deal on a souvenir ( goat ? ) from an Arab trader .
As he walked away , the old trader repeatedly yelled " Scoofer ! " ( " crook ! " ) at him .
Snoopy ( added : 6 Jun 2017 )
Told everyone , assuming alcohol was involved , that Snoopy flying ace was the inspiration for him becoming a fighter pilot .
The name stuck with him in the squadron .
SPIN ( added : 7 Jun 2017 ) Shortest Pilot In NATO
FATSO ( added : 17 Apr 2015 ) Repeat offender for supersonic in non-supersonic airspace .
FaTSo ( FAster Than SOund ) .
This was a hostile renaming after being mistaken for a UFO .
Primary callsign was sufficiently bribed off .
BUGS ( added : 18 Apr 2015 ) Boobs Under G Suit ... Warthog driver
Captain ( added : 30 Apr 2015 ) F - 16 Driver in Japan - real name was James Kirk
The Mandybill looks set to become law , with its teeth and gold fillings intact .
Conservatives have vowed to oppose three controversial clauses of the Digital Economy Bill in the next 48 hours of legislative horse trading , but will keep the online file sharing portions intact .
Photographers have been more persuasive than the anti-copyright lobby : Clause 43 , involving collective licensing and orphan works , is one of the three that Tory culture secretary Jeremy Hunt has said must go .
The others are Clause 1 and Clause 29 , both of which involve adding expanding the role of uber - quango Ofcom .
Hunt slammed the Bill , calling it " a digital disappointment of colossal proportions " .
He said the government had ducked the issues of the digital radio switchover and the provision of local news , and failed to clarify the role of the BBC or strengthen independent TV production .
The Tories said they may review these issues if the Mandybill becomes law .
The piracy measures , while not perfect , reflected the Commons consensus that something needed to be done to deter online copyright infringement and protect jobs .
To the surprise of the music business , it means that the illiberal Section 18 , giving Courts powers to block access to sites that exist largely to deliver infringing material , will survive .
The section , previously Section 17 , was introduced in response to industry concerns about cyberlockers such as Rapidshare .
Introducing the Bill on second reading , the Minister for Culture , Media and Sport Ben Bradshaw said , " The creative industries have grown at twice the rate of the economy as a whole over the past ten years , and they should do so again over the next ten , thus helping to create many of the jobs of the future . "
“ These people may be nerds , fanatics or zealots for all I know , but they are concerned and worried ”
Bradshaw said the 20,000 emails received from anti-copyright campaigners needed to be weighed against the " hundreds of thousands of jobs " in the copyright sector .
Several MPs expressed support for the principles of the Bill , but disquiet about its passage through the Commons without greater scrutiny .
John Whittingdale , chair of the Culture Media and Sport Committee , was one of several .
" It can not be right for us to cut off the whole of Starbucks just because one person went in for a cup of coffee and illegally shared files , " he said .
" I hope that the Secretary of State is right and the vast majority of people will mend their ways on receipt of a warning that they are doing something illegal , but I am not wholly confident .
In the long term , we will have to look for other solutions , " he added .
Durch die Fortsetzung Ihres Besuches auf dieser Website , akzeptieren Sie die Verwendung von Cookies , um Sie schlagenmaßgeschneiderte Dienstleistungen und angepasste Angebote .
Für weitere Informationen und cookies zu setzen
Follow the developments at the Guardian 's climate change and energy election debate here and via Twitter
Tickets for tonight 's energy and climate change debate between Ed Miliband , Greg Clark and Simon Hughes sold out rapidly .
To enable you to follow the debate , myself , James Randerson and Adam Vaughan will be tweeting live from the panel discussion , hosted by Ian Katz , via our @guardianeco account .
You can follow us below from 7 pm tonight - and it's being streamed as live audio too .
Follow the policy points , banter and grilling from the audience live via Twitter using the hashtag #climatedebate .
We 'll also be retweeting interesting messages from people on the event , so please make sure you use the #climatedebate tag so we can spot your tweets .
The 90 - minute debate kicks off at 7 pm .
Will Goldman survive the assault ?
Will the threat of criminal charges being pursued against the world 's leading investment bank spill over onto others on Wall Street ?
Is the criminalization of the crisis underway , or is all this just a maneuver ?
For the last two years , I have felt lonely and isolated with my calls for a jail - out , and insistence that theft , fraud and crime are at the heart of our economic disaster .
I have written two books documenting my contention and just released the film Plunder : The Crime of Our Time ( Plunderthecrimeofourtime.com ) treating the economy as crime scene .
There are a few other voices out there making a similar claim — Former bank regulator Bill Black , US Senator Ted Kauffman , and even billionaire investor Jim Chanos among them .
Most politicians of both parties and media pundits have dismissed the suggestion , preferring to believe that virtually everyone was to blame and , hence , no one was to blame .
" What me prosecute ? " , is the mantra .
Most say finance professionals , considered the " smartest men in the room , " committed unintended “ mistakes ” because of economic trends no one could have anticipated .
Never mind that 1000 plus bankers went to prison after the S&L crisis .
That was then , and this is now , nearly ten years after the financial services industry pulled off a costly legislative coup through lobbying and campaign contributions to erode regulations and decriminalize the playing field .
With a major advertising campaign in a complicit media , they packaged their agendas in the language of modernization and innovation .
They got laws gutted and prosecutors defunded .
As their profits rose and the bubble boomed , they seemed to do no wrong until small blemishes like the Enron and WorldCom scandals tarnished their image .
Over the years , Goldman was riding high , raking in major profits and paying themselves obscenely well .
That is until the SEC filed a civil complaint alleging a fraudulent transaction that deceived investors .
That was followed by turbulent hearings on the Hill where Senator Carl Levin kept repeating an internal reference to " Shitty " deals the firm is said to have pedaled and then bet against .
Goldman looked bad , especially when protesters in the back of the room dressed in old - fashioned black and white prison garb .
Part of the company 's defense was that " everyone " on the Street was doing what they were doing .
Hmmmm ...
Even after all of the drama , Goldman was still one of the biggest earners in town .
Billionaire Warren Buffet who helped them stay solvent is now singing their praises again .
The " oracle of Omaha " says they are being misunderstood .
But not in the public eye .
Goldman has quickly descended from being Wall Street 's hero to a zero .
According to financial blogger Larry Doyle , " Goldman 's close , if not incestuous , relationships with Washington , many hedge funds , and major clients has positioned the firm as the centerpiece of America 's outrage toward Wall Street . "
The giant firm is now also being ridiculed , even though no charges have yet been proven , and they are " lawyered up " to the gills .
Leslie Griffith calls their confrontation on the Hill a Marie Antoinette moment on Reader Supported News because most onlookers wanted to cut off their heads .
She writes :
" A modern day financial monarchy , Goldman acts with the impunity once reserved for kings .
Controlling legislators .
Electing Presidents .
Filling the Executive Branch with well - heeled lackeys , manipulating world markets and betting against the welfare of its own clients … the American people .
When their equivalent of ‘ tax time ’ came , they squeezed the peasants for billions of bail - out bucks .
Marie would be proud . "
When writer Matt Taibbi compared Goldman to a " vampire squid " many rushed to their defense .
But that was not happening this time .
Instead the Justice Department one - upped the SEC by asking for a criminal investigation .
Just the idea of it led to a $ 21 billion dollar loss in the value of Goldman 's shares .
Some analysts downgraded the firm the way they downgraded Greece earlier in the week .
CEO Chief Exec Lloyd C. Blankfein who said he had been " humbled " by the hearings must be pissed because in just a few days , he personally lost $ 81 million dollars on his 2,023,364 shares , which were worth about $ 373 million .
There was little public sympathy for his fall from grace .
So what now ?
Will there really be a criminal prosecution or is all of this just smoke to create a sense of urgency for an already heavily compromised financial reform package ?
Will anyone go to jail ?
Unless there are more smoking guns and shocking revelations , some settlement of the civil charges is more likely as The Atlantic explained :
" ... the standard for a criminal case is much higher .
The DOJ must present very compelling evidence that a jury would be able to understand well enough to find that , beyond doubt , Goldman and / or some of its bankers are guilty of fraud .
Given that there are many people questioning whether even the civil case can succeed under a weaker standard of guilt , it ’s relatively doubtful that the criminal charges would stick .
Yet , the public does n’t have all of the information , so it ’s too soon to know the fate of a criminal case for sure . "
Also , it seems as if only one lower level banker , Fabrice Tourre , aka “ Fab , ” is at risk .
His defense has already been layed out in his congressional testimony .
As NPR 's Planet Money noted , " Tourre 's public statements make it less likely that he could change his story later and negotiate a lesser penalty with the SEC in return for information that could be damaging to the firm or other executives , the person said . "
Now , says Doyle , there is " little doubt as to why the Goldman Sachs execs were reticent in their answering questions this past Tuesday knowing full well that a criminal investigation was potentially close to being launched . "
The criminal issue is hardly underway .
As one lawyer said to Bloomberg News , “ In order to proceed criminally in a case , you need to have very clear evidence of lying , cheating and stealing . ”
Robert Hockett , a law professor at Cornell University , downplayed the crime angle .
" It 's really not a big deal , " says Hockett " It is n't uncommon for the SEC to refer a case to the U.S. Attorney .
It does n't present a new legal development .
It 's a procedural development . "
The bottom line : do n't get your hopes up .
The government has not declared war on Wall Street even after Wall Street declared war on Main Street .
The Goldman gang is still at large .
Meanwhile , our media is soft - soaping the criminal practice in which the firm , for one thing , deliberately reengineered mortgages to fail , a charge that it earlier admitted to .
Where are the editorials calling for perp - walks ?
Can we trust a media that just last week mostly blacked out a march by 15,000 workers on Wall Street .
I was there and could n't find anyone who did n't believe crimes were committed .
Wall Street has hardly been humbled .
It is still spending a fortune on PR with 25 lobbyists pressuring every member of Congress .
Its arrogance is evident in an email the Financial Times reports is now " pinging around " trading desks .
It reads in part :
" We are Wall Street .
It 's our job to make money .
Whether it's a commodity , stock , bond , or some hypothetical piece of fake paper , it does n't matter .
We would trade baseball cards if it were profitable ...
Go ahead and continue to take us down , but you 're only going to hurt yourselves .
What 's going to happen when we can't find jobs on the Street anymore ?
Guess what :
We 're going to take yours .
...
We are n't dinosaurs .
We are smarter and more vicious than that , and we are going to survive . ”
The gauntlet has been thrown down .
_______
About author News Dissector Danny Schechter made News Dissector Danny Schechter made Plunder The Crime of Our Time , now available on DVD with a companion book .
Comments to dissector@mediachannel.org
That Americans ' trust in government has plummeted to near - record lows is n't a surprise .
After all , as the Pew Research Center documented , distrust of Washington is an American tradition , one which tends to rise and fall inversely with the economy .
But the spike in anger towards the federal government , a fury which doubled to 21 % since 2000 , points to a potential midterm bonanza for the GOP .
All of which suggests that the Republican Party whose anti-government rhetoric and incompetence in office helped kill trust in government may now be rewarded for it .
By now , the Republican recipe for badmouthing government into power should be all too familiar .
First is to endlessly insist that , as Ronald Reagan famously said , " Government is the problem . "
Second is the self - fulfilling prophecy of bad government under Republican leadership , as the Bush recessions of 1991 and 2007 , the Hurricane Katrina response , the Iraq catastrophe and the transfer of federal oversight powers to the industries being regulated all showed .
Third , when the backlash from the American people inevitably comes as it did in 1992 and 2008 , attack the very legitimacy of the new Democratic president they elected .
Fourth , turn to the filibuster and other obstructionist tactics to block the Democratic agenda , inaction for which the incumbent majoirty will be blamed .
Last , target the institutions and programs ( Social Security , Medicare , the IRS ) which form the underpinnings of progressive government .
Then lather , rinse and repeat .
Now , as the Pew data show , Republicans once again are proving that nothing succeeds like failure .
As Pew 's Andrew Kohut wrote in the Wall Street Journal , " Just 22 % say they can trust the government in Washington almost always or most of the time , among the lowest measures in half a century . "
Congress and most agencies , Kohut reported , have suffered correspondingly steep declines in public trust :
Opinions about elected officials are particularly poor .
Just 25 % have a favorable opinion of Congress while 65 % have an unfavorable view -- the lowest favorable ratings for Congress in more than two decades of Pew Research center surveys .
Favorable ratings for federal agencies and institutions have fallen since 1997 - 98 for seven of 13 federal agencies included in the survey .
The declines have been particularly large for the Department of Education , the Food and Drug Administration , the Social Security Administration , as well as the Environmental Protection Agency , the National Aeronautics and Space Administration , and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
As in the past , poor performance is the most persistent criticism of the federal government .
But increasingly Americans say that government has the wrong priorities and that has a negative effect on their day - to - day lives .
Sixty - two percent say that government policies unfairly benefit some groups , while nearly as many ( 56 % ) say that government does not do enough to help average Americans .
But the dismal economy George W. Bush bequeathed to Barack Obama and the manufactured Tea Party movement that predated his inauguration are seemingly working to the benefit of Republicans for the November elections :
Over the course of the past decade we 've seen a spike in intense antigovernment attitudes amongst a small segment of the public .
The proportion saying they are angry with the federal government has doubled since 2000 , increasing to 21 % from 10 % .
And a larger minority of the public has come to view the federal government as a major threat to their personal freedom : 30 % feel this way , up from 18 % in a 2003 ABC News / Washington Post survey ...
Record discontent with Congress and dim views of elected officials generally have poisoned the well for trust in the federal government .
Public opinion about elected officials in Washington is relentlessly negative .
Favorable ratings for the Democratic Party have fallen by 21 points -- to 38 % from 59 % - - over the past year and now stand at their lowest point in Pew Research surveys .
The Republican Party 's ratings , which increased to 46 % in February from 40 % last August , have fallen back to 37 % .
Nonetheless , antigovernment sentiment appears to be a more significant driver of possible turnout among Republicans and independents than among Democrats .
Perhaps most troubling for Democrats , independent voters who are highly frustrated with government are also highly committed to casting a ballot this year , and they favor the Republican candidates in their districts by an overwhelming 66 % to 13 % margin .
And that " poisoned well , " as Kohut suggests , bodes ill for incumbents in general and the majority Democratic Party in particular .
Ten days ago , political statistician Nate Silver forecast that the " generic ballot points toward possible 50 + seat loss for Democrats . "
One week later , Stuart Rothenberg wrote that " At this point , GOP gains of 25 - 30 seats seem likely , though considerably larger gains in excess of 40 seats certainly seem possible . "
Just as troubling for Democrats as the electoral dark clouds overhead is the shifting public mood against a progressive role for government in general .
The contentious health care debate and the stigmatized though successful stimulus program are apparently contributing factors .
Outside of their 61 % to 31 % support for regulation of financial companies , a 51 % to 40 % majority of Pew respondents no longer believe it is a good idea for the government to exert more control over the economy .
That 's a reversal from broad support ( 54 % ) for the same proposition in March 2009 .
Author and Wall Street Journal columnist Thomas Frank is probably best known for What 's the Matter with Kansas , which documents the Republicans ' proven success in using social wedge issues to lead working Americans to vote against their economic self - interest .
But in was in his subsequent book , The Wrecking Crew , in which Frank laid out the tried and true Republican formula for breaking - then retaking - government .
As it turns out , the failure of conservatives to govern is n't a bug , it 's a feature :
" The chief consequence of the conservatives ' unrelenting faith in the badness of government is ... bad government ...
... And remember .
None of it is accidental .
These are the fruits of the free market theory of government . "
As 1930 's Labor Department lawyer Carl Auerbach once put it , " You can not run on a platform that government is the problem and expect the best people in the country to want to be a part of the problem . "
No , but Republicans are only too happy to take on the job and make the problem worse .
Having killed Americans ' trust in government , the Republican Party and its conservative amen corner now seem poised to get away with the murder .
On that point , the Pew Center numbers suggest , the GOP mantra will be : " Trust Us . "
Or as Ronald Reagan might have said , " I 'm from the Republican Party and I 'm here to help . "
( An earlier version of this piece also appears at Perrspectives . )
Storm Photographer : Chris Kridler
The Florida based journalist chases extreme weather across the country .
The islands are the second oldest national wildlife refuge in the US Oil from a massive slick in the Gulf of Mexico has started washing ashore on an island chain off the coast of Louisiana , US officials have confirmed .
Pelicans and other birds covered in oil have been found on the uninhabited Chandeleur islands , which are part of the Breton National Wildlife Refuge .
A federal maritime agency said there was " oiling all over " the islands .
Earlier , workers began lowering a giant funnel over the leaking oil well at the bottom of the sea to harvest the spill .
Remote - controlled submarines are being used to lower the 90 - tonne containment device in an operation expected to take two days .
Oil has been leaking unstopped for 18 days from the well , 50 miles ( 80 km ) off Louisiana , since an explosion destroyed the Deepwater Horizon rig , operated by Transocean and leased by BP , last month .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
' All over the place ' On Thursday , the US Coast Guard confirmed for the first time oil had made its way past protective booms and was washing up on land .
Freemason Island , the southernmost of the " back islands " of the Chandeleur chain , was the first to be hit by a sheen of oil , although there was no evidence yet of medium or heavy crude .
Heavier concentrations of crude remain further offshore , and the Coast Guard said weather forecasts suggested it would stay there until the weekend .
A spokesman for BP said emergency teams had been sent to Freemason Island , a favourite fishing spot for recreational anglers some 30 miles ( 50 km ) off Louisiana 's coast , to deploy inflatable booms to protect its prime marshland .
We are doing everything we can to make sure a major impact does n't happen
John Curry
BP spokesman The Associated Press also reported that a pinkish oily substance was washing up to the north on New Harbor Island , on which mangroves serve as roosting habitat for thousands of frigatebirds .
Later , an official from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration said oil was coming ashore all across the Chandeleur Islands .
They are the second oldest national wildlife refuge in the US and home to countless endangered birds .
Jeff Dauzat , of the Louisiana Department of Environmental Quality , meanwhile reported that oiled birds , including gannets and brown pelicans , had been found on the barrier chain .
No other species have been affected .
HAVE YOUR SAY
As long as we are extracting resources in demanding conditions there will occasionally be accidents like this Osric Fears are also growing that sea life has already been severely affected in the area , which includes vital spawning grounds for fish , shrimp and crabs .
" It 's all over the place , " Dustin Chauvin , a shrimp - boat captain from Terrebonne Parish , told AP .
" That 's our whole fishing ground .
That 's our livelihood . "
' Very complex '
Workers on board a ship have meanwhile begun lowering a concrete and steel containment device to the sea floor some 5,000 ft below ( 1.5 km ) below in a bid to capture as much as 85 % of the oil gushing from the damaged wellhead .
BP said the operation to fix the 40ft ( 12 m ) funnel in place with submersibles was expected to take two days , and a further two days would be required to connect it to a ship above via a drill - pipe .
The technology has been used a few times in shallow waters , but never at such extreme depths and under such high pressure .
HOW THE OIL FUNNEL WORKS
The funnel is a 40ft tall iron box , weighing 98 tonnes
It will be placed over the leak , 5,000 ft down on the seabed BP hopes it will collect 85 % of the leaking oil and pipe it to the surface
There is also a chance that the device could damage the well and make the leak worse .
Other risks include the drill - pipe becoming clogged with ice , and explosions when separating the mix of oil , gas and water on the surface .
BP Chief Executive Tony Hayward denied his company had been slow to react , saying the firm had mobilised immediately to contain the threat .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" It 's a military operation and we are thinking of it as a battle on three fronts : beneath the sea , in the sea , and on the shore , " he added .
Mr Hayward said 100 ships were involved in an operation to skim oil from the sea 's surface - including 20 of the world 's largest skimming vessels .
Thousands of feet of boom were being used as a barrier to contain the slick and a small air force was deploying dispersants , he added .
Earlier , BP said it had sealed the smallest of the three leaks spilling oil .
Favourable weather conditions also allowed crews to burn off more of the oil where it is most heavily concentrated .
PROJECTED SPREAD OF OIL SPILL ON 7 MAY
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
This is an old version , see the latest version on the documentation wiki .
Interfacing a new microchip can be a hassle .
Breadboarding a circuit , writing code , hauling out the programmer , or maybe even prototyping a PCB .
We never seem to get it right on the first try .
The ‘ Bus Pirate ’ is a universal bus interface that talks to most chips from a PC serial terminal , eliminating a ton of early prototyping effort when working with new or unknown chips .
Many serial protocols are supported at 0 - 5.5 volts , more can be added .
Protocols ( bus modes )
1- Wire
I2C
SPI
JTAG
Asynchronous serial
MIDI
PC keyboard
HD44780 LCD
2- and 3 - wire libraries with bitwise pin control
Scriptable binary bitbang , 1 - Wire , I2C , SPI , and UART modes
Features
0 -5.5 volt tolerant pins
0 - 6volt measurement probe
1 Hz-40MHz frequency measurement
1kHz – 4MHz pulse - width modulator , frequency generator
On - board multi-voltage pull - up resistors
On - board 3.3volt and 5 volt power supplies with software reset
Macros for common operations
Bus traffic sniffers ( SPI , I2C )
A bootloader for easy firmware updates
Transparent USB -> serial mode
10 Hz -1MHz low - speed logic analyzer
AVR STK500 v2 programmer clone
Scriptable from Perl , Python , etc .
Translations ( currently Spanish and Italian )
Public domain ( Creative Commons Zero ) source .
Prototype with the Bus Pirate , then use the code in your project however you want .
Applications with Bus Pirate support
The Bus Pirate is used through a simple terminal interface , but these applications also support the Bus Pirate as a programming device , etc .
Sprint announced that it will start selling its highly anticipated HTC EVO 4G on June 4 .
The company will price the device at $ 199.99 with a two - year service agreement with a new line activation or eligible upgrade .
HTC EVO 4G will use Sprint ’s Everything Data or Business Advantage Messaging and Data plans .
Everything Data plans start at $ 69.99 per month .
Mandatory $ 10 per month Premium Data add - on will allow costumers to use WiMAX when they ’re in a Sprint 4G market .
Additionally , an optional pricing add - on will turn HTC EVO 4G into a mobile hotspot connecting up to eight Wi -Fi enabled devices ( laptops , gaming devices and digital cameras ) simultaneously at 4G speeds where available and at 3G speeds anywhere on the Sprint 3G network for $ 29.99 per month .
Sprint launched first U.S. 4G in Baltimore in September 2008 .
According to the company , today , Sprint 4G covers 41 million people and expects to have up to 120 million people covered by the end of 2010 .
" HTC EVO 4G is a fantastic 3G device , but when you use it in our growing 4G coverage area , it becomes a multimedia powerhouse , " said Dan Hesse , Sprint CEO .
HTC EVO 4G features Android 2.1 , the newest version of the HTC Sense , simultaneous voice and data capability in 4G and Wi-Fi coverage areas , 1GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon processor , 4.3 inch display , two cameras – an 8.0 megapixel auto - focus camera with HD - capable video camcorder and a forward - facing 1.3 megapixel camera , built - in mobile hotspot functionality allowing up to eight Wi -Fi enabled devices to share the 3G or 4G and integrated HD video capture .
" The EVO 4G experience is much like going from TV to HDTV .
But EVO has more than just an impressive list of features – it is also fun to use with remarkable gaming , video and web - browsing capabilities , " Hesse added .
With the launch of HTC EVO 4G , Sprint is also launching new video chat service : Qik .
The two - way voice and video capability will be available as an upgrade to the preloaded Qik app on HTC EVO 4G to enable conversational , interactive , real - time sharing between mobile devices or from mobile - to - desktop .
Related articles
Sprint Announces First 4G Handset in the U.S. – the HTC EVO 4G
ABI Research : 4G Mobile Consumer Service Revenue Will Exceed $ 70 Billion in 2014
MWC 2010 : Interview with Ashis Sharma , VP of Marketing at Alvarion
Viewpoint
Ultrafast computing with molecules
Ian Walmsley Clarendon Laboratory , Department of Physics , University of Oxford , Oxford OX1 3PU , UK
Vibrations of the atoms in a molecule are used to implement a Fourier transform orders of magnitude faster than possible with devices based on conventional electronics .
Illustration : ( a ) Dane Austin ; ( b ) Alan Stonebraker Figure 1 : ( a ) Phase space dynamics of a molecular vibrational harmonic oscillator .
Time evolution is equivalent to a rotation of the phase space .
The Wigner function representing the vibrational quantum state is shown at two different times differing by a quarter of the vibrational period .
Measurement of the position of the vibrational wave packet is equivalent to projection of the Wigner function onto the coordinate axis .
The two marginal distributions shown ( lines ) indicate the origin of the Fourier transform , since they are proportional to the initial probability distributions of the position and momentum probability of the wave packet .
( b)
The diatomic molecule is excited from the ground to the first excited electronic state by a shaped optical program pulse ( P ) that prepares the initial quantum state of the vibrational mode — effectively programming the distribution to be Fourier transformed .
A quarter vibrational period later , a reference pulse ( R ) , generates a second vibrational wave packet that interferes with the first , converting the accumulated phase into populations of vibrational levels in the excited state .
A measurement laser ( M ) reads out the populations by inducing transitions to a higher - lying electronic state , from which fluorescence ( f ) is detected .
The fluorescence intensity is proportional to the population in the vibrational level to which the measurement laser is tuned .
( a ) Phase space dynamics of a molecular vibrational harmonic oscillator .
Time evolution is equivalent to a rotation of the phase space .
The Wigner function representing the vibrational quantum state is shown at two different times differing by a quar ...
Show more
Illustration : ( a ) Dane Austin ; ( b ) Alan Stonebraker Figure 1 : ( a ) Phase space dynamics of a molecular vibrational harmonic oscillator .
Time evolution is equivalent to a rotation of the phase space .
The Wigner function representing the vibrational quantum state is shown at two different times differing by a quarter of the vibrational period .
Measurement of the position of the vibrational wave packet is equivalent to projection of the Wigner function onto the coordinate axis .
The two marginal distributions shown ( lines ) indicate the origin of the Fourier transform , since they are proportional to the initial probability distributions of the position and momentum probability of the wave packet .
( b)
The diatomic molecule is excited from the ground to the first excited electronic state by a shaped optical program pulse ( P ) that prepares the initial quantum state of the vibrational mode — effectively programming the distribution to be Fourier transformed .
A quarter vibrational period later , a reference pulse ( R ) , generates a second vibrational wave packet that interferes with the first , converting the accumulated phase into populations of vibrational levels in the excited state .
A measurement laser ( M ) reads out the populations by inducing transitions to a higher - lying electronic state , from which fluorescence ( f ) is detected .
The fluorescence intensity is proportional to the population in the vibrational level to which the measurement laser is tuned . ×
The intimate connection between information and physics has received considerable emphasis in the past two decades , in large part due to the stunning successes of quantum information science ( QIS ) .
This has led to the exploration of a wide variety of physical platforms that may be adapted for implementing useful information - processing protocols .
Among these are atoms , ions , molecules , photons , superconductors , and semiconductors .
The focus of QIS is on capabilities for computing , communications , and metrology that transcend those of devices designed using principles of classical physics .
The emergence of this field has led , in addition , to considerations of whether classical information processing may be enhanced by making use of new physical instantiations , even when the full power of multiparticle quantum correlations are not used [ 1,2 ] .
Writing in Physical Review Letters , Kouichi Hosaka [ 3 ] and collaborators from several institutions in Japan illustrate how quantum interference may be used to execute a common classical algorithm very rapidly — within a few tens of femtoseconds .
Hosaka et al. demonstrate that the dynamics associated with the vibrations of the atoms in a molecule can be used to implement a Fourier transform .
The rapidity of the molecular oscillations means that this protocol can be executed very quickly — much quicker , as the authors point out , than any conceivable device based on conventional electronics .
The physics underlying the algorithm is simple and elegant .
The vibrational mode of a diatomic molecule , when excited close to equilibrium , approximates an isolated harmonic oscillator .
If the molecule is well isolated from its environment , and at a low temperature , the oscillator experiences very little decoherence either from collisions , or by the coupling of the vibrational and rotational motion , so that the unitary evolution necessary for the effect is dominant .
A remarkable feature of the quantum harmonic oscillator is that the dynamical evolution of a wave packet is exactly that of a fractional Fourier transform , with the complete transform occurring periodically at times t = t 0 + ( 2 n + 1 ) π / 2 ω , ( n = 0 , 1 , 2 … ) , where t 0 is an initial reference time .
Therefore the wave packet one - quarter period after initial preparation is the Fourier transform of the original wave packet :
An alternative way to see this is in terms of a phase - space picture of the motion , as illustrated in Fig. 1 ( a ) .
The Wigner function W ψ ( x , p ; t ) of the wave packet provides a convenient representation of its quantum state , simultaneously encoding joint information about the position x and momentum p of the oscillator .
It is a joint quasiprobability density function , the marginals of which are the probability distributions of the particle ’s position or momentum .
This function follows a circular trajectory through the phase space of the oscillator , as indicated in the Fig. 1 , and the dynamics are simply described by rotations of the Wigner distribution about the origin .
It is clear from this picture that a measurement of the position of the oscillator , indicated by the projection of the Wigner function onto the position axis of the phase space , will transform between that of the initial position distribution and the initial momentum distribution every quarter period .
This feature has been recognized as enabling a number of useful applications .
For example , the fractional Fourier transform implemented at times between t and t = t 0 + π / 2 ω suggests that sufficient information can be obtained to completely reconstruct the quantum state of the oscillator [ 4,5 ] .
In the present paper , the authors now use these dynamics to effect a discrete Fourier transform .
A vibrational wave packet is generated in an iodine molecule by exciting the electronic transition to which the vibrational mode is coupled .
With the electron in the excited state , the atoms are no longer in equilibrium and begin to oscillate .
The vibrational quantum state can be adjusted by changing the temporal shape of the optical pulse that excites the electron — shaking the electron in a carefully controlled way enables the shape of the molecular vibrational wave packet to be sculpted .
The transformed wave packet is measured by means of a two - step process [ see Fig. 1 ( b ) ] .
First , a reference wave packet , generated in a similar manner to the program pulse by a separate reference laser pulse , is added .
This has the effect of changing the amplitudes of the vibrational eigenstates making up the wave packet in proportion to the phase they have accumulated in their free evolution .
The particular mechanism for this is that the molecular states may be excited or de-excited , depending on the relative phase of the electronic dipole excited by the first pulse with respect to the electric field of the second pulse .
Once this phase - to - amplitude transfer has occurred , the amplitudes of the individual vibrational states are measured by exciting them to a higher electronic state using a separate narrow band probe laser .
The fluorescence from these states is measured as a function of the wavelength of the probe laser and as a function of the phase of the reference laser pulse .
This gives the eigenstate populations as the probe laser is tuned through the appropriate energy level , from which the phases may be inferred and the wave packet evolution determined .
The authors point out the important feature that the molecular motion executes the Fourier transform in a mere 145 fs .
This is several orders of magnitude faster than devices based on silicon electronics are likely to be able to achieve .
This observation provokes an enticing proposition — the idea of high - speed , nondissipative logic operations and algorithms would make for a revolution in physical instantiations of computational devices .
However , there are a number of important barriers that will need to be overcome if such devices are to displace current high - speed electronics .
First , the programming and readout of the device necessarily require significant resources , both in actual implementation and in principle .
This overhead would need to be reduced dramatically for such an approach to be feasible in practice .
Second , the connectivity required for implementing large - scale processors is missing .
It is not yet possible to string together a sequence of these Fourier transformers with other operations in between in a way that enables a real programmable device to be constructed .
Third , this approach does not embrace the favorable scaling of the device that is the hallmark of quantum information processors .
This is because the protocol makes use of single - particle interference — a quantum effect to be sure , but one which has analogs in classical wave physics .
The use of a molecular valence electron to control and to readout the vibrational state means that the approach lacks the multiparticle entanglement needed to realize exponential improvements on current computational capacity .
Recognizing the key element involved as single - particle quantum interference raises the question as to whether a process based on wave interference might well be simulated entirely optically in an equally efficient manner [ 6,7 ] .
Nonetheless , the notion of a classical processor with such a dramatic speed - up suggests that it is worth continuing to explore new ways to use physical systems to encode and manipulate information , and that this connection may reveal new insights into both physics and into information processing .
( CNN ) --
When animal rights activist Jasmin Singer found herself face to face with a scientist who conducts animal testing , a cupcake was exchanged instead of harsh words .
" A good vegan cupcake has the power to transform everything for the better , " Singer said .
" It 's almost like a political statement with icing . "
Singer was co-hosting a vegan bake sale in New York last week as part of the second annual Worldwide Vegan Bake Sale .
More than 120 groups across six continents are holding vegan bake sales from April 24 through May 2 .
Bake sale participants see the sweet treats as a way to introduce those unfamiliar with a vegan diet to some of the flavorful foods they can eat .
While vegetarians stay away from meat but may consume dairy and eggs , vegans give up all animal products .
Some people become vegan for animal welfare reasons .
Others view it as a way to reduce their carbon footprint .
Still others choose the plant - based diet as part of a healthier lifestyle .
Ruxandra Costescu , of Bucharest , Romania , said most attendees at the bake sales she helped organize were n't vegan .
One person who showed up could n't decide what he wanted , so he took one of everything , she said , adding that he came back later to buy more of his favorites for his family .
" It 's really nice to have people who eat anything really appreciate the vegan treats , " Costescu said .
" Usually people are amazed that they 're so tasty . "
In Sydney , Australia , Amanda Salles was inspired to start regularly holding vegan bake sales after joining the first worldwide bake sale last year .
She has never gone to an animal rights rally , but she tries to make a difference by baking vegan desserts like gingerbread cookies .
" I know a lot of people probably think it 's not enough or that you should be going to protests or demonstrations , " she said .
" But it 's a good way to participate .
It 's not very aggressive . "
Some approaches to vegan outreach are less subtle .
People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals has had half - naked activists campaign against meat consumption by covering themselves in fake blood and lying in human - sized meat packages .
PETA 's theatrics may seem a far cry from a bake sale , but the organization sees the sales and protests as means of reaching the same goal .
" Even if [ people ] do n't like the medium that we 're using to get things across , we really just try to make sure they understand why we 're doing it , " said PETA senior campaigner Ashley Byrne .
Gary Loewenthal , director of the Worldwide Vegan Bake Sale , said he believes bake sales can be a nice change of pace for people used to more confrontational forms of activism .
" I liked it because it combined this time - honored , well - liked tradition with vegan outreach , " he said .
He started planning last year 's event from his home in Falls Church , Virginia , after brainstorming fundraising opportunities with Compassion for Animals , the animal advocacy group he helps run .
Loewenthal sent invitations to cities all over the world and soon generated a buzz online .
In 2009 , the event had close to 100 participants and raised more than $ 25,000 .
Each group decides where to direct the proceeds of its own bake sale .
While the money is not required to go to any specific type of organization , many opt to donate to nonprofit groups .
Two events in Seattle , Washington , last week raised $ 1,770 for Pigs Peace Sanctuary , where Edgar , a potbellied pig , is being treated for a broken leg .
Funds from a vegan bake sale in California on Sunday will benefit breast cancer research and education through the Avon Foundation .
A group in Louisiana will send its proceeds to Food For Life , a vegan hunger - relief organization .
When Loewenthal started researching vegan bake sales in 2008 , a Google search yielded few results .
Now , he says , one can find at least a handful of them taking place in any given month .
In late January , more than 25 U.S. cities held vegan bake sales to raise money for Haiti hurricane relief .
They were able to donate more than $ 75,000 , according to organizer Isa Moskowitz , author of a number of vegan cookbooks .
The growing popularity of vegan bake sales makes Loewenthal think about the future of the Worldwide Vegan Bake Sale .
" We 've got some ideas going forward about how to keep it fresh , " he said .
" But we 're also prepared for it to be obsolete .
...
We can call it a success and go on to something else . "
What started out as a silly dorm sport has now become a national phenomenon , with over 400 registered Quidditch teams , all over the country .
Should the lack of real magical powers prevent us from playing the fun sport we discovered in the wonderful world of Harry Potter ?
“ Hell no ! ” said the students of America , who put a broom between their legs and started chasing each other across the field , trying to score points .
Muggle Quidditch follows the main rules , described in J.K.
Rowling ’s book , apart from the flying part , of course .
Teams are made up of seven players : three chasers , two beaters , a keeper and a seeker .
Chasers try to throw the ball through one of the three hoops , while trying to avoid bludgers and dodgeballs , thrown by beaters .
If they ’re hit , they must drop the quaffle .
Keepers guard the hoops , while seekers have to catch the snitch , a tennis ball wrapped in a sock and hanging by a person ’s waist ( usually a really fast dude dressed in gold ) .
The catching of the snitch adds an extra 30 points , and ends the game .
Quidditch players should keep the broom between their legs , at all times , or they are penalized with yellow and red wands .
It ’s a bit harder than it sounds , but people find Muggle Quidditch an intense and enjoyable game .
Even prestigious universities like Harvard and Standford have their own Quidditch teams .
via Daily Mail
Photo by Zachary Ruchman
Photo by Zachary Ruchman
Photo by Alden D. Pellett for USA TODAY
Photo by Zachary Ruchman
KDevelop4 RC3 released ( RC2 tarballs are broken )
April 16 , 2010 at 7:50 pm | Posted in KDevelop | 3 Comments
This time around svn got me , I ’ve used the createtarball script from kdesdk to generate the RC2 tarballs so we ship translations .
This worked just fine , except that for some unknown reason svn likes to not check out svn:externals when doing an svn co of kdevplatform .
This resulted in a kdevplatform tarball ( yes I did n’t test - compile them as it was rather late already ) that did n’t contain the expandingtree subdir in plugins / quickopen .
As ( silently ) updating 2 days old tarballs has proven to be a bit problematic in the past , I ’ve decided to just push in another RC which fixes exactly this problem .
So tarballs for a working fresh RC for kdevelop and kdevplatform should be available from the mirrors in a few hours ( and yes , this time I ’ve built them on 3 systems to make sure they work ) .
In my “ quest ” to update KDE - related Wikipedia articles , I had to do more research than I expected and I needed to fix things I did n’t expect .
But that research was fun , too .
It brought me back in time when I was still a teen who tried to get some ancient Linux distribution working and fiddled around with KDE 1 .
After many website transitions , much info on KDE.org got kinda lost .
For example , there seems no longer to be a proper announcement of KDE 1.1 .
The KDE website does n’t have it .
Ca n’t find it in the mailing list archives of kde-announce@kde.org either .
There are only two places where I could find when 1.1 was released :
The Way Back service of Archive.org and a backup of the news archives of KDE ’s previous website in SVN .
After I found the exact date , I took the liberty to at very least add the date to the KDE 1.1 changelog which is still linked from KDE ’s announcements page ( the KDE 1.x changelogs had white text on white background — there as well I took the liberty to modify the files ) .
That brings me to an earlier problem :
When was KDE Beta 1 released ?
After much digging I found out , that pretty much all old announcements ( except for KDE 1.1 and KOffice 1.0 ) still reside in KDE ’s SVN and those can even be accessed via web browser .
http://kde.org/announcements/beta1announce.php works , but it ’s not linked from the announce page either along with most other announcements that old .
Next problem : Some dude uploaded a screenshot of KDE 1.1 to Wikimedia Commons and labeled it KDE 1.0 .
Wow , great .
When I looked for real KDE 1.0 screenshots , the whole internet seemed to use exactly the same image .
The Way Back service was n’t of any use either .
No backups of KDE.org of that time in their archives .
Screenshot of KDE Beta 3 , yes .
Screenshots of 1.1 , too .
After many searches I found an image on a Spanish blog that should be KDE 1.0 .
Needless to say that I replaced the wrong image with this one and re-uploaded the wrong image again as 1.1 .
Now KDE 1.x is in good shape in German Wikipedia .
I do n’t know what I do next : Update the chapter about KDE 2.x or extend the English KDE 1 article …
I would n’t mind if one of you extended the English article .
All references are in English , so using the German article as base should be possble even if you do n’t speak English .
Btw , during my research I found – in retrospect funny – articles which I ’d like to share with you :
ArsTechnica reviews SuSE Linux 6.0 with KDE 1.0
ArsTechnica reviews KDE 1.1
LinuxToday ’s outlook to KDE 2.0
=-=-=-=-=
Powered by Blogilo
Stuck in a groove
Stuck in a Groove is the first film made with the phonovideo technique .
The technique is also supposed to create live visuals .
Look here for the live version and for some more information about the technique used in the film .
The music for " Stuck in a Groove " was created by Richard Eigner / Ritornell .
There 's an interview at motionographer about the creation process .
Synopsis from sixpackilm :
What do Madonna , Massive Attack and Angela Merkel have in common ?
" Friedrich Nietzsche " might be Clemens Kogler 's answer to this question .
With the aid of a tool called Phonovideo , which consists of a turntable , video mixers and pressed vinyl , he animates images of the individuals named above in realtime , while at the same time a male narrator 's voice goes through the effects of the Nietzschean idea of eternal return on the soundtrack .
This chain of images from ( and about ) record albums , and also the smooth waves of lounge music , evoke a hypnotic state .
But that 's not what we want , suggests the voice : eternal return , samsara , the experience of sameness , again and again .
It 's a vicious circle , as we can neither choose what 's repeated nor can we be sure that the endless repetition will make us happy .
Dam - building is extremely costly and can create widespread environmental problems — the Eastport project , for example , would have bottled up two bays , forever altering the region ’s ecosystem .
Mr. Sauer and others say that placing turbines directly in the current is potentially much cheaper and more environmentally sound .
But no one knows for sure , because the underwater approach is in its infancy .
While there are a few tidal current projects overseas , including one in Northern Ireland , there are only small development projects in the United States , including one undertaken by Verdant Power in New York ’s East River , which also has a strong tidal current .
Technologies are still being tested , and environmental questions are as yet unanswered .
A tidal plant in Manhattan , Maine or elsewhere in the United States that would feed significant power to the grid is at least a few years away .
In many ways , tidal power is at a stage similar to wind power ’s two or three decades ago .
“ That ’s exactly the way wind started out , with fairly small projects , ” said Robert Thresher , a research fellow with the National Renewable Energy Laboratory in Colorado , who , after years of wind - power research , now studies what is called marine hydrokinetics , a catch - all term for tidal , wave and ocean thermal energy .
“ They learned how to operate and maintain their machines .
It was somewhat trial and error . ”
Now large , efficient wind turbines are arrayed in vast farms .
With tidal power , Mr. Thresher said , “ I think you ’ll see exactly the same kind of evolution ” of the technology .
But it might not take as long , said Tim Ramsey , a project officer with the Energy Department , which began putting resources into tidal projects only two years ago .
“ I do n’t think we ’re 20 or 30 years from being where wind is today , ” Mr. Ramsey said .
“ It may only take us or 10 years to catch up . ”
Computers and other research tools are far better than they used to be , he said , and more accurate software models simulate turbine performance and efficiency .
“ Our expectation is there is enough potential there to make it not only feasible but economical , ” he said .
Doctor
Who 's fourth episode proves it : Terror and creepiness are Steven Moffat 's comfort zone .
" The Time Of Angels " is everything we'd hoped for when Moffat took over as showrunner of Britain 's science - fiction institution .
Spoilers ahead ...
Advertisement
So yes , " The Time Of Angels " borrowed liberally from Moffat 's previous stories " Blink " and " Silence In The Library " — and not just by reintroducing the Weeping Angels and River Song .
( We also got the squad of redshirts and the dead person speaking via a communicator , among other things . )
But Moffat recombined these elements into something entirely new and thrilling .
Advertisement
If the motif for Moffat 's first year of Who has been " fairy tale , " then the watchword for " The Time Of Angels " was " ghost story . "
And really , yay .
Our crew ventures into a maze of the dead to look for a sepulchral stone statue that can either kill you or zap you back in time randomly .
And there are ghosts everywhere — the Doctor 's whole relationship with River Song seems to be haunted by a small army of ghosts from her past and his future .
Meanwhile , Amy Pond is being haunted by something that neither she nor the Doctor is fully aware of yet .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
But meanwhile , this episode just crackled with ideas and creative energy — you could feel Moffat 's brain working full - tilt to come up with cool set pieces that boost the characters instead of just being a cool set piece .
( Not that there 's anything wrong with a cool set piece . )
The opening sequence , where River Song finds a unique way to communicate with the Doctor across 12,000 years and then throws herself out an airlock , just gets cooler when you watch it for the tenth time .
( Honestly , if River Song had gotten such a cool intro the first time around , I think I would have taken to her a bit more . )
The Doctor 's final speech is genuinely brilliant .
The episode is so full of cracking great dialogue , that the IMDB quotes list is chock full and still seems to be missing half the best lines .
The writing is that good .
I 'd worried that River Song , being apparently one of Moffat 's favorite creations and someone who can go toe - to - toe with the Doctor , would throw Amy Pond into the shadows — but Karen Gillan is at her absolute best in this episode .
You 'd never believe this was the first episode she and Matt Smith filmed in the roles .
She 's completely assured and just bursting with personality .
The way she teases the Doctor , the awesome delivery of the " Anybody need me ?
Anybody ? " bit , and the brilliant " Ever try not blinking ? ? " moment — she 's almost like an anime character or something .
Advertisement
So yeah — awesome stuff , and despite bringing back some old ideas , it feels totally fresh and amazing .
If I expressed any frustration with the first couple of outings of Steven Moffat 's Doctor Who , it 's only because I knew he was capable of this .
Interview Janis Sharp , mother of accused Pentagon hacker Gary McKinnon , is upbeat about her run for Parliament despite acknowledging she has little chance of becoming an MP .
Sharp is contesting the safe Labour seat of Blackburn held by Jack Straw , the Justice secretary , as an independent in a campaign that aims to highlight the erosion of civil liberties under the Labour government .
The campaigning mother has adopted the slogan " vote with your head not with your habit " for her election campaign .
Her site lists of a litany of privacy eroding measures introduced by the Labour government over recent years including ID cards , the ubiquity of CCTV camera surveillance , and the recent Digital Economy Bill .
Sharp is standing against Straw because , as Foreign Secretary , he signed the extradition treaty with the US that is being used by the US authorities in seeking to extradite her son , Gary McKinnon , over alleged hacking offences .
Sharp also uses the site to condemn trial without jury and the passing of the Digital Economy Bill , which has been heavily criticised after being rushed through Parliament in the " wash - up " of outstanding proposals before Parliament dissolved .
McKinnon , who has Asperger ’s Syndrome , has been fighting against extradition since 2005 .
He faces the latest in a long series of court appearances on 25 and 26 May .
Sharp - a lifelong Labour supporter - explained to the Reg that once she decided to stand for Parliament it came down to a choice between standing against Home Secretary Alan Johnson or Jack Straw .
The Hertfordshire resident decided to contest an election in the north west because her sister lives in Manchester ; her family also has ties in Blackburn where her aunt lived for most of her life and ran a limousine hire company .
Running as a political candidate is hard work , but speaking to Sharp it 's clear that she is relishing the fight .
" I 've never been politically active but have always been socially conscious , " she explained .
" It 's hard being a candidate but someone has to stand up against the erosion of civil liberties . "
" I 've never spoken in front of an audience .
But I 'll take it how it comes .
Nobody expects candidates to be an encyclopaedia but I try to do my best .
Press conferences for Gary were different because I was speaking to a much smaller group of people . "
4,000 holes in Blackburn , Lancashire
Sharp has been up to Blackburn several times as part of her campaign , canvassing voters and polling their opinion .
" People were nice but one man I spoke to was more concerned with holes in the road .
Others I spoke to were not really political or did n't vote , " she said .
Other campaign activities included an appearance on BBC Radio Lancashire , where she was aggressively questioned on her lack of political experience and perceived single issue campaigning .
Sharp said she has strong opinions on bread and butter political issues such as unemployment and housing , as well as local issues such as the proposed demolition of the old market in Blackburn .
She is running her campaign without the assistance of professional politicians .
Her son's parlous situation has come up on the campaign trail but the prime focus of Sharp 's campaign is on the wider erosion of civil liberties .
" Gary is a victim of the erosion of civil liberties .
He is being put through extradition proceedings that were meant for terrorists but abused and applied against vulnerable people , such as my son , " Sharp said .
Sharp concluded that the number of votes she received at the ballot box next Thursday was not her prime concern .
" It 's not the amount of votes .
My aim is to wake people up about the erosion of civil liberties .
We need to stand up . "
A spokesman for Jack Straw told politics.co.uk : " Jack respects the right of Ms Sharp to select her own agenda for the election but doubts that many people in Blackburn will share her particular emphasis .
" CCTV cameras are undoubtedly recognised as vital in the fight against crime and if Ms Sharp asked around the town she would probably find that the concern was that there were not enough cameras not that there were too many .
The government have a duty to protect their citizens and they need to use all the appropriate tools in that challenge . " ®
Eight candidates are standing for the Blackburn constituency at Thursday 's general election .
The seat was held by New Labour 's Jack Straw in the 2005 general election with a majority of 8,009 :
Bobby Anwar , UKIP
Damian Brown , Independent
Paul English , Liberal Democrat
Robin Evans , BNP
Bushra Irfan , Independent
Michael Law - Riding , Conservative
Janis Sharp , Independent
Jack Straw , Labour
Improving People ’s Lives – Testimonials
“ … I have found that with the device , I am much more aware of what is going on around me … ”
“ … It gave a sense of ‘ belonging ’ in the gathering and not just solely relying on hearing to be more aware of my environment … ”
“ … I ’ve got more confidence and the device is really helping me … ”
Illinois is already investing to make way for a high - speed rail system expected to spread across the Midwest and hasten commutes between its major cities .
The projects are in preparation for the $ 2.6 billion President Obama promised the Midwest in January to modernize its transportation network with high - speed rail .
That money is part of a larger $ 11 billion high - speed rail package made available through the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act ( ARRA ) .
State lawmakers in the Midwest have jobs on their mind .
Last week Gov. Pat Quinn announced $ 133 million in federal stimulus funds to build a railroad “ flyover ” in Englewood , one of Chicago ’s poorest neighborhoods .
It will untangle the existing Metra , Amtrak , and freight tracks there so they can connect with a future high - speed rail line .
Federal officials said the project is expected to create 1,446 jobs .
Governor Quinn is making high - speed rail projects a component of plans to get the state – which has a with a $ 13 billion deficit – back into financially sound shape .
Illinois is set to receive $ 1.2 billion in stimulus money for building the Chicago - St. Louis corridor , which Quinn says will create 6,000 Illinois jobs .
Renovation of Chicago's Union Station
Another project getting underway to prepare for high - speed rail in Illinois is the renovation of Chicago ’s Union Station , the 85 - year - old historic facility located in the heart of downtown .
Last month Amtrak petitioned several architectural and real estate firms in Chicago and on the East Coast for ideas on how to redevelop the building , which serves both Metra and Amtrak rail lines .
It expects to announce a winner by the end of May .
The announcement was seen as a way for Amtrak to prepare for how to deal with serving as a hub for high - speed rail across the Midwest .
While it 's uncertain how the station will fit into plans , the facility needs an upgrade , especially because it is known for being overcrowded during rush hour .
“ Union Station is the gateway to the city of Chicago , ” says Kevin Brubaker , deputy director of the Environmental Law & Policy Center , which has been promoting high - speed rail for several years .
“ This is the time for us to carefully study its pros and cons . ”
Mr. Brubaker says that whatever facility is used as the central hub to the Midwest ’s high - speed rail system , it will probably serve 5 million people a day .
“ This is the time for us to open up the process to get these ideas on the table for where and how the station that is going to have 5 million people in and out of it , can do it most effectively and do it right , ” he says .
Just the beginning ?
The high - speed rail lines promised for the Midwest include five corridors : Chicago to St. Louis , Chicago to Milwaukee , Milwaukee to Madison , Chicago to Pontiac , Mich. , and Cincinnati to Cleveland .
Because high - speed rail is considered more efficient and involves minimal pollution , environmental groups hope the initial start - up investment leads to continued investment by the federal government and everyone else , so that progress on high - speed rail does n't stall .
“ This is the first time since Abraham Lincoln was president that we have presidential leadership on passenger rail development , ” said Howard Learner , executive director of the Chicago - based Environmental Law & Policy Center , in a conference call with reporters Wednesday .
If you think things are getting crazy in Arizona , just wait .
They 're just getting started .
As Adam Weinstein at Mother Jones reports , Crazy Sheriff Joe Arpaio is getting set to run for Gov. Jan Brewer 's seat .
And he 's already the runaway favorite for the GOP nomination :
He made arresting Latinos fashionable and , after many run-ins with the feds over such practices , was likely the main inspiration behind Arizona 's new immigration code .
In short , Brewer felt she had to sign last week 's immigration bill , because she felt Arpaio 's breath on her neck .
She had to appear as tough on brown people as Arpaio does , lest he decide to challenge her in the GOP primary .
So she signed it .
And guess what ?
Arpaio 's still going to run against her .
Sources in the sheriff 's department , which will likely double as his campaign staff ( no new thing there ) , say his paperwork 's filed .
And on his Twitter account - where you can read about his Washington Post interview today , or his " crime suppression / illegal immigration " operations briefings , or his anger about " out of town critics " - he recently tweeted that his wife wants him to run .
And he 's already the frontrunner in Arizona Republicans ' minds .
So why not run ?
What does he have to fear ?
Latino turnout in the Phoenix metro area ?
Problem solved !
Here , then , is to Arizona : one of the prettiest states in the union , soon to be the first breakaway republic in the new confederacy of Inner America .
According to the Tucson Sentinel , current polling shows him handily beating Brewer :
Although Arpaio , the Maricopa County Sheriff , is not running for governor , he is by far the most popular Republican in the state .
Likely primary voters view him favorably at 70 percent , to only 22 percent with a negative opinion , and he leads Brewer 33 - 25 as a prospective candidate .
All this news was put in perspective , perhaps , by the neo -Nazis from the National Socialist Movement who showed up today at an Arpaio press event -- he was announcing his handpicked nominee for the county prosecutor 's spot -- and told reporters :
" Sheriff Joe is endorsing this candidate , and we feel strongly to support Sheriff Joe and his actions , " the man said , " particularly with the illegal immigration situation here in Maricopa County and in our state . "
As you can see from the report , Arpaio plans to announce his intentions in the governor 's race today .
Both Arpaio and his puppet denied having anything to do with the NSM 's presence ; Arpaio even hinted that they had been sent out by opponents to try and discredit him politically .
But that does n't exactly wash , particularly not in Sheriff Joe 's case .
Because Arpaio has been all too happy to court support from outright neo -Nazis in the past .
Check out the video below , from a year ago :
As you can see , Arpaio can't claim ignorance : the men he posed with were displaying neo -Nazi flags and symbols .
A little further down the road , he did the same thing with a group of people openly waving a Confederate flag .
Indeed , Stephen Lemons of the Phoenix New Times uncovered a working relationship between Arpaio 's office and a clutch of local neo -Nazis .
Meanwhile , if you want to get an idea of the Arpaio approach to governance -- a preview of his governorship , as it were -- all you have to do is look at his record :
Yep , looks like Arizona Republicans have another winner on their hands .
A Governor Arpaio -- who does a mighty fine George Wallace imitation -- will complete the transformation of Arizona into an Old South segregationist state .
After doing the podcast on the “ Making of Modern Immaturity ” a few months ago , and reading the comments left on that post , I got to thinking about this question : “ What makes a man mature anyway ? ”
Masculine maturity used to be easy to spot and define : a man got married , sired some progeny , and got a job to support his family .
He knew he was a grown man and everybody else did too .
These days those kinds of markers are being put off more and more .
There are a variety of reasons for this , some cultural , some economic .
There ’s nothing inherently wrong with this trend .
While I ’m a proponent of working hard at your job and getting hitched to the right woman once you know she ’s the one , these things simply do n’t happen at the same time for every man .
And while I personally believe that getting married and having kids is one of the most effective ways to grow and mature as a man , I ’m not comfortable saying that men who do n’t do these things are n’t mature men .
Otherwise , you ’re stuck with the position that men who are Catholic priests or Buddhist monks are n’t mature men .
If you believe that , you need to go say ten Hail Mary ’s and then rejoin this discussion .
The problem is , in the absence of these old markers of maturity , guys do n’t know how to transition from boys to men .
They may not find the marriage / kids / corporate job gig appealing , but they also are n’t keen on remaining a perpetual adolescent .
They feel stuck between these two guideposts - no longer boys but not yet “ settled down ” - and do n’t see any models on how to proceed .
The gap has become a life stage wasteland for men , where guys are drifting along like amoebas .
So I ’d like to suggest a definition of maturity for our modern age .
And it ’s embodied in this phrase :
Create More , Consume Less .
Boys are consumers .
When they ’re young , their parents set up their experiences for them ; their only job is to sit back and enjoy it .
They live in their parents ’ house , eat their parents ’ food , and use their parents ’ stuff .
Their free time in used in amusement .
They consume their parents ’ resources and are passive and taken care of .
They make little to no impact on the world and have little ownership of their lives .
They are dependent .
The problem is that men are n’t outgrowing this passive role .
Instead of creating , they go on consuming .
They may not depend on Mom and Dad anymore ( although sadly , they often do ) , but they ’re still dependent on stuff for their happiness .
Consuming clothes , movies , video games , cars , parties , fast food , and even travel to make them happy .
They live only for their own pleasures and amusements .
But it is boys that live only for themselves ; men fully enjoy life ’s pleasure but also live for a higher purpose .
Boys try to find themselves in what they buy ; men find themselves in what they do .
Boys base their identity on what they consume ; men base their identity on what they create .
The failure of men to transition from being shoppers and consumers to producers and creators has four profound implications for the vibrancy of manliness .
The Weakening of Man ’s Free Agency
As we ’ve mentioned many times , men desire to be the captains of their destiny , to feel in control of their life .
We want to be free agents and be able to turn our ship in any direction at any moment .
Consumerism feeds directly into this desire , but offers a simulated and easier version of it .
Consumption , being able to choose between many options , a myriad of different products and services , is sold as the ticket to true freedom and sovereignty .
In truth , this kind of “ freedom ” is only an illusion .
Mathew B. Crawford , in Shop Class as Soulcraft , explains :
“ The activity of giving form to things seems to be increasingly the business of a collectivized mind , and from the standpoint of any particular individual , it feels like this forming has already taken place , somewhere else .
In picking out your [ Build - a - Bear ’s ] features , or the options for your Warrior or Scion , you choose among predetermined alternatives .
Each of these alternatives offers itself as good .
A judgment of its goodness has already been made by some dimly grasped others , otherwise it would n’t be offered as an option in the catalogue .
The consumer is disburdened not only of fabrication , but of a basic evaluative activity …
The consumer is left with mere decision .
Since this decision takes place in a playground - safe field of options , the only concern it elicits is personal preference .
The watchword here is easiness as opposed to heedfulness .
But because the field of options generated by market forces maps a collective consciousness , the consumer ’s vaunted freedom within it might be understood as a tyranny of the majority that he has internalized .
The market ideal of Choice by an autonomous Self seems to act as a kind of narcotic that makes the displacing of embodied agency go smoothly , or precludes the development of such agency by providing easier satisfactions .
The growing dependence of individuals in fact is accompanied by ever more shrill invocations of freedom in theory , that is , in the ideology of consumerism .
Paradoxically , we are narcissistic but not proud enough . ”
Consumerism offers so many choices that we fail to see that they all reside within a predetermined box .
The great paradox in the struggle for modern manhood is that we simultaneously feel adrift because of anomie and cripplingly trapped because of consumerism .
The Suppression of the Urge to Create
Men have an inherent desire to be creators , to change the landscape , to turn wood into furniture , to transform a blank canvas into a work of art - to alter the world and leave a legacy .
It ’s the denial of this aspect of manliness that is perhaps most plaguing modern men .
Young men are taught to think of life past 30 as a certain death , a time when they have to stop being selfish and live for others .
The paradox that ’s never talked about is that consuming is the real dead end when it comes to happiness .
Your mind gets caught in an fruitless cycle - new experiences initially give you intense pleasure , but the more you consume of it , the more saturated your pleasure sensors become until you have to ratchet up the intensity and quantity of the experience to get the same “ high ” you used to .
And the cycle endlessly continues .
But when you create instead of consume , your capacity for pleasure increases , as opposed to your need for it .
Being a creator gives you a far more lasting and deeply satisfying happiness than consuming ever will .
The Weakening of Discipline and Commitment
The problem with consumerism is that it heavily emphasizes choice , to the complete exclusion of the idea of living with that choice .
Choose , choose , choose .
But what happens after your make that choice ?
Of course , this is n’t a concern of consumerism , because the answer would be to start thinking about the next choice .
We are never asked to move on from consumption to commitment .
That might work with your toothpaste , but the most important things in life ca n’t be replaced on a whim .
They require the discipline necessary to build something strong and valuable and special , the ability to stick with something through thick and thin .
The shopping around mentality is devastating to true manhood .
The Distraction from What ’s Truly Important
Consumers are driven by the desire to find products and experiences which will allow them to experience in reality the things that they has been dreaming about .
Of course the new product or experience can never bring the level of pleasure that the person had imagined it would .
The person then becomes briefly disillusioned before conjuring up a new and improved daydream about another item or consumable experience that they believe has a better chance of consummating that longing .
Yet the imagination is always one step ahead of reality ; no matter how fantastic the acquired good is , the imagination will have always been hoping for something even more perfect .
Thus a cycle of longing - acquirement - dissatisfaction - longing , is perpetuated .
While the gap can never be closed , this does not discourage the consumer .
The consumer actually derives more pleasure from the longing , from imagining and anticipating the next purchased product or experience , than acquiring the actual product .
Pleasure is found in the tension between imagination and reality , anticipation and climax .
This “ pleasurable discomfort ” is not a bad thing ; it ’s the hunger that drives us towards all goals , from the shallow to the worthy .
The discomfort comes from the gap between how you want your life to be and how it is ; it ’s a vital feeling that drives us forward .
Studies have proven that we actually get more satisfaction from the striving towards a goal then we do from the attaining of it .
The problem with consumerism is that it satiates our discomfort with passing and superficial pleasures , distracting us from what that hunger is really calling out for .
We should be seeking to alleviate our “ discomfort ” by improving ourselves , our virtues , and our strengths , forever trying to become more than we are .
Create More , Consume Less
I ’ve taken some flack for being too hard on video gamers .
In truth , I do n’t think there ’s anything wrong with playing an occasional video game .
The reason I frequently mention video games in connection with the problem of arrested manhood , is not the games themselves , but what they symbolize .
Whereas men once fought as soldiers , they now pretend to be ones .
Where men used to play baseball and football , they now control avatars who play for them .
Where men used to play an instrument , they now press buttons on a plastic toy .
Where we once created , we now consume .
Why play a plastic guitar for hours instead of learning how to play the real thing ?
The answer of course it that doing the real thing is harder .
Struggling with something tangible , something without a reset button takes dedication and commitment .
So why bother ?
The labor one performs transforms something in the environment , which in turn transforms you .
The act of creation shapes you as a man , refines your sensibilities , improves your strengths , hones your concentration , and builds your character .
Passive consumption leaves you untouched and unchanged .
Consumptions breeds indifference ; creation begets empowerment .
Creating can take many forms .
The traditional ones are still some of the best : creating in your job , creating a life of love with your spouse and friends , and creating children .
But there are other ways to create as well .
Service to your community .
Hobbies like gardening , blacksmithing , art , and music .
Inventing , writing , blogging , political participation .
Creating experiences for other people .
Creating a spiritual life .
And simply creating your character every day .
Growing up does n’t have to mean donning a gray flannel suit .
It really means taking an active role in the world instead of a passive one .
Making an impact .
And creating your world instead of consuming it .
" It looks as though attempts were made to keep this quiet , which is predictable given the important relationship between the two countries and the strategic relationship with Iran , " a Gulf - based diplomat said .
" But it does remind us of the simmering rows that there are in this part of the Gulf . "
Over the past several months there have been a variety of newspaper reports outlining China ’s increasing investment footprint across Africa .
Some of these announced deals and projects include the following :
- In April First Automobile Works ( FAW ) , the Chinese car marker , announced a US $ 100 million project in South Africa through the China - Africa Development Fund ( CADF ) for a manufacturing facility for spare parts component .
- In May , the second largest investment deal worth US $ 877 million was announced between Jinchuan Mining , a Chinese state owned mining company and Wesizwe Platinum Ltd. , a junior South African mining company in the platinum industry .
The deal would see the Chinese company take a 51 per cent stake in Wesizwe .
Jinchuan would purchase the stake in Wesizwe for US $ 227 million while the CADF would raise the rest of the US $ 650 million to help finance the Frischgewaagd - Ledig mine near Pretoria .
Once the mine is built Jinchuan will be the recipient of the platinum produced .
- In May China International Fund ( CIF ) agreed to invest US $ 2.7 billion in a Guinea iron ore project .
The project would entail investment in 286 km of rail and port for Bellzone ’s Kalia Iron Project .
Bellzone is an Australian company .
- In Niger , the Chinese ambassador announced a multi-billion dollar energy and infrastructure project .
Already a Chinese company , Sino - U , is digging China ’s largest African uranium mine at Azelik .
Part of the project would include a 2000 km pipeline to export oil from the landlocked country that would either connect to the West African coast in Benin or Chad where China has vested oil investments .
The project will only be decided upon once the country starts producing the crude .
China National Petroleum Company ( CNPC ) is already in the market with a US $ 5 billion investment for which it paid a US $ 300 million signature bonus .
Niger is also attractive because of its major uranium deposits .
- A US$ 100 million loan to assist Ethiopia to complete a railway networking system that links Addis Ababa to various regions of the country .
- The Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation ( NNPC ) announced in May that it had signed a memorandum of understanding ( MOU ) with China State Construction Engineering Corporation Ltd. to construct three oil refineries ( about 250,000 barrels per day capacity each ) and a petrochemical plant .
The total cost would reportedly be $ 28.5 billion .
- The China Development Bank ( CDB ) is to fund construction of a cement factory in Beluluane , in Mozambique ’s Maputo province , costing US $ 100 million funded through the CADF .
- Kenya's Equity Bank announced that it had signed a US $ 50.82 million financing agreement with the China Development Bank for lending to small and medium businesses .
- Women Investment Portfolio Holdings Limited ( WIPHOLD ) , a black women - owned company , and Continental Cement , a South African limestone mining company , signed a major deal with Jidong Development Group , the largest cement producer in Northern China , to build a US $ 217 million cement plant , which makes it one of China 's biggest investments in the country .
- Plans to spend US $ 1 billion to help build a power plant to boost Zambia 's electricity supply by 600 MW .
- Pledged economic aid to Seychelles worth approximately US $ 6 million for development projects .
- Pledge of US $ 15.6 million for various development projects , in addition to the US $ 7.1 million grant signed in January 2010 , following a visit by President Kibaki after attending the opening of the Shanghai Exposition .
Clearly the above planned deals and projects confirm that China ’s economic footprint is not withdrawing anytime soon .
While this maybe interpreted as significant in revitalizing Africa ’s economic growth and leveraging Africa ’s integration into the global economy , there are of course important inquiries that must be made about whether this creates the necessary conditions for Africa ’s path to sustainable development and improved livelihoods .
But the most strategic and perhaps critical to the Chinese engagement in Africa are the several industrial development zones that are being set up across Africa .
While these zones are being identified as important economic interlockers between the Middle Kingdom and African economies , they also represent an important space for China to move its low cost manufacturing base offshore .
It is only natural that a country , like China , that has enjoyed such spectacular growth rates and sustained economic prosperity over the last decade should be seeking to move up the global value chain , especially as Chinese labour is becoming a little more expensive domestically .
Some may remember that this was what Japan did during its own economic modernisation success .
Termed the ‘ flying geese model ’ or , more appropriately , what the Chinese refer to as the ‘ going global ’ strategy , Africa seems to have become the last economic frontier for this shift in the global production chain .
As much as the economic gurus and the markets may dictate that this is part of the way that the global structures of production evolve , it is hard not to ignore the costs associated with this type of economic restructuring and shifting of production spheres .
Most obvious of these is whether the model is sustainable .
Not only does it seem that China maybe shifting its low cost production offshore , but in the process it may also be exporting its environmental costs along with it .
So what is the long - term impact on Africa ’s ecology and environmental sustainability ?
Second , as the Chinese firm entrenches itself in the African market , there are of course corresponding questions of skills transfer , economic governances issues and the protection of workers ’ rights including both African and Chinese labour that will raise new forms of class struggles .
One aspect of this is to be found in the third related point as to whether a new form of African private sector ( with business links to Chinese counterparts ) is going to emerge whose power , outreach and ambitions may continue to marginalise the interests of Africa ’s politically and economically indigent through different forms of capitalist class structures and formations .
Fourth , by enabling these special economic zones to become purveyors of cheap goods it would appear that China is giving up its image as a cheaper producer .
If so , what implications would the label ‘ made in Africa ’ have on the continent ’s own global economic integration , how would this impact on the position of African countries in the World Trade Organisation ( WTO ) and to what extent are these low cost manufacturing hubs aimed at taking advantage of preferential trade agreements with other regions ?
Would Africa have to pay the price for undermining the doctrines of trade liberalisation that China was able to overcome because Western investors were willing to ignore protectionist policies in their own backyards so that they could profit out of China ’s economic modernisation programme ?
Will it be the same for Africa , or not ?
Fifth , how would other Southern actors like India , Brazil and South Africa react to this ?
Would they see this as challenging their presence in African markets through increased competition or would they want to negotiate a share for themselves ?
Or would they also want to set up similar zones in Africa ?
India has already proposed a rural agricultural zone in Ethiopia .
Then , of course , is the issue of political stability and sovereignty in most African countries , which may become further complicated by the security threats that these zones may pose to the livelihoods of ordinary Africans .
So , while there are those who may applaud that these zones are going to rescue Africa ’s moribund development framework , these zones represent new forms of challenges for social movements and peoples ’ justice organisations .
How they are conceptualised , the impact they have on labour rights , their environmental consequences and social development effects point to the hardening reality that such economic restructuring requires more than just a superficial understanding that China and other actors are going to be panaceas for Africa ’s development or merely that they represent the next set of neo-imperialists .
What is critical to define is where the benefits to Africa ’s people can be identified and to protect against any infringement of these rights .
BROUGHT TO YOU BY PAMBAZUKA NEWS
* Sanusha Naidu is research director of the Emerging Powers in Africa programme based with Fahamu in South Africa .
* Please send comments to [ email protected ] or comment online at Pambazuka News .
Namco Bandai has confirmed that it plans to publish Sony and From Software 's wonderful Demon 's Souls in Europe .
The PS3 - exclusive action RPG is due out on 25th June , and what 's more it also comes in an exclusive Europe - only limited edition pack .
The limited edition contains a " soundtrack CD , new artbook and brand new strategy guide " , and you can see a picture of it below .
Demon 's Souls is an ARPG in which players enter the cursed realm of Boletaria and biff up monsters , gathering souls and getting killed a lot .
We adored it on Japanese import , giving it 9/10 , and it was also one of the games we singled out for praise in our end - of - 2009 features .
Behavioural problems in childhood may have lasting effects Children with behavioural problems are twice as likely to suffer chronic pain as adults than others , say researchers .
Scientists at Aberdeen University , who followed the lives of more than 19,000 children , think faulty hormone signals in the brain may play a key role .
Bad early life experiences may harm this brain system , causing both behavioural problems in childhood and chronic widespread pain in adulthood .
The findings , spanning 45 years , are published in the journal Rheumatology .
All of the children in the study were born in 1958 , and mostly in the UK .
It is becoming clear that events that happen early in childhood are important
Dr John McBeth of Manchester University Throughout the study , up until the age of 16 , parents and teachers assessed the children 's behaviour looking for any " problem " signs such as poor ability to make friends , disobedience , stealing , thumb sucking and nail biting , lying , bullying and truanting .
When the children had grown up and reached the age of 42 they completed a questionnaire asking about psychological distress .
At the age of 45 they completed another one about pain .
From this the researchers found that children with severe behavioural problems had double the risk of chronic widespread pain .
Dr Dong Pang , lead author of the work and a researcher at the University of Aberdeen , said : " We know already that severe adverse events in childhood such as hospitalisation after a road traffic accident and separation from mothers are linked to chronic widespread pain in adulthood . "
But , until now , it was unknown whether maladjusted behaviour in children was a long - term marker for this type of pain .
" Our study shows that it is , " he said .
Abnormal stress response
The researchers say that it is not just chronic widespread pain that is associated with bad behaviour in childhood .
Other adult problems associated with childhood behavioural problems include long - term psychiatric problems such as depression , anxiety and substance abuse .
They say that all these problems may be outcomes of the chain of events set in motion by the dysfunctioning " hypothalamic - pituitary - adrenal " or HPA axis - the system in the brain that controls hormones to help regulate the body 's response to stressful situations .
If further research proves this to be the case , then it might be possible to intervene in early life to prevent these problems occurring later .
Professor Gary Macfarlane , who also worked on the study , said changing a person 's lifestyle may help alter the pattern , including increasing the amount of exercise someone takes as well as watching out for signs of psychological distress and behavioural problems in childhood .
Dr John McBeth , a pain expert at Manchester University , said : " While the factors associated with developing chronic widespread pain are slowly being revealed , it is becoming clear that events that happen early in childhood are important .
He said the next challenge was to determine if problems with stress response system were operating in children .
" If the answer is yes , these studies offer exciting opportunities to develop early interventions to alleviate symptoms including chronic pain disorders in adulthood . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A detailed report on the insulation saga shows what went wrong -- and , incidentally , just how badly wrong the media was in savaging Peter Garrett .
What really went wrong in the insulation saga ?
Veteran ex-bureaucrat Allan Hawke was commissioned to find out , and the Government released his report yesterday as part of its announcement it was killing off the program ’s replacement .
Its contents have either been ignored by the media or , in the case of The Australian , entirely misrepresented .
I ’ll get to the wonky systemic stuff in the moment , but the first thing to say is that while the report focuses on the systems put in place to implement the program , it makes some quite clear statements about the role of Peter Garrett in his administration of the HIP program .
On the deaths associated with the program ( associated by the media , that is ) , “ the Minister for the Environment , Heritage and the Arts was briefed on these issues and responses by both Mr Garrett and DEWHA were appropriate and timely . ”
On broader risk issues , “ when issues arose , DEWHA and the Minister worked quickly to address them .
DEWHA engaged with industry , listened to their concerns and briefed the Minister on necessary changes to the program .
Warnings were heeded ; however , this was largely reactive . ”
Hawke also has this to say about the program overall .
Any objective assessment of the HIP will conclude that , despite the safety , quality and compliance concerns , there were solid achievements against the program objectives .
At the time the program closed on 19 February 2010 , over one million homes had been insulated .
Many low income households participated , with the prospect of significant savings on energy bills in years to come .
At its peak ( in November 2009 ) , the program had registered over 10,000 installers employing thousands of largely low - skilled workers …
Thanks for signing up
We look forward to seeing you bright and early with your need - to - know talking points and tidbits for the day ahead .
Get Crikey FREE to your inbox every weekday morning with the Crikey Worm .
Please enter your email address Sign up and
It may be a peculiar Australian trait to bank or play down good news while examining the entrails of shortcomings in minute detail .
Such is the case here , as the success of measures to deal with the global financial crisis risk having some shine taken off them by the so called HIP bungle .
Bungle is actually a furphy because the many positive outcomes ( already and potentially ) flowing from the HIP serve to address long standing problems besetting the industry .
So what went wrong ?
Two issues stand out in Hawke ’s report .
One is that the ceiling insulation “ industry ” had a lot of problems prior to the Government pumping hundreds of millions of dollars into it .
Only South Australia had a proper regulatory framework governing the sector .
There was no training available .
And there were extensive safety problems .
When the Government ordered a check on foil insulation installations in Queensland , 20 % of homes had pre-existing electrical problems .
Hawke estimates that there were at least 80 fires a year caused by insulation prior to the program beginning .
The other issue is time .
When Garrett ’s department began rolling the program out , it tried hard to address these problems , but failed , primarily because it did n’t have the time , and not enough resources were deployed within the Department to do it .
DEWHA worked with the Construction and Property Services Industry Skills Council to get a training program ready and available before the full rollout of the program on 1 July .
It held regular workshops and consultations with industry , consumer groups and state government representatives on program issues .
It set up a register for accessing the program .
The states themselves recognised emerging issues and tried to be proactive on OH&S issues in the sector .
The tenor of Hawke ’s report is that DEWHA did a lot of things that good program practice says should have been done — it adopted a risk management framework , it procured a proper auditing and compliance process , it consulted widely , but the imperative of spending the money quickly undermined the quality of the program .
A full auditing mechanism was n’t up and running until several months into the program .
Until then , the Department was reliant on a reactive , complaints - based compliance system .
Hawke suggests DEWHA should have taken a short - cut on the procurement process ( which notoriously take a long time in the Public Service for probity reasons ) and got it up - and - running sooner .
He says the registration process at the outset was self - regulating — installers simply had to say they met the appropriate training requirements , with no checking of their bona fides until several months in .
Another important point is that DEWHA failed to anticipate the high levels of demand .
This is critical and should be one of the longer - term lessons for any politician who thinks pumping money into renewable energy or energy efficiency programs is going to achieve magical results .
Hawke says there were some issues that could not have been anticipated , but that demand far exceeded what DEWHA estimated , partly as a result of measures put in place to actually encourage demand .
One of the risks identified in the risk management process early on was that there would not be enough demand for the program , and that it needed to be communicated effectively to prevent this .
With hindsight , this “ risk ” looks nonsensical , but the Department did n’t anticipate new industry entrants cold - calling householders , or door - knocking , with the intent of accessing Government funds .
Hawke does n’t say this but you get the sense that the Department should have considered the strong possibility that the industry contained , or would attract , rogue elements .
For example , more than a quarter of installers were still using metal fasteners after they had been banned by Garrett .
Hawke also notes that , given the program was designed to ensure householders were n’t left out - of - pocket , it meant householders did n’t really care what was going on up in their ceilings , because they had no money at stake .
The most basic verification mechanism of all — the buyer making sure they got what they were paying for — did n’t work .
Many of these problems could have been addressed if DEWHA was given more time , but it did n’t have it .
In fact that was the entire point of the program : to provide immediate economic stimulus , involving unskilled labour .
But given the pre-existing poor state of the ceiling insulation industry , the HIP ended up being the only stimulus measure without an existing “ delivery pathway ” .
Responsibility for this rests with the DEWHA leadership , which Hawke says only belatedly swung more resources , and more executive oversight , onto the program .
Hawke also gives a backhander to his former Department of Transport whizkid ( now Transport Secretary and Coordinator General ) Mike Mrdak , saying “ given the reach of the program into so many Australian homes , it demanded much more and continuous attention from the Office of the Coordinator - General than it received . ”
Ultimately , though it was the Government , with its insistence that the program be rolled out immediately at all costs , that bears responsibility , but given there would have been no program without that urgent need for stimulus , it begs the question of how , exactly , it might have proceeded differently .
Hawke suggests that some form of compliance toolkit for programs be developed , that would allow Departments without much experience in program implementation , like DEWHA , to rapidly establish compliance systems .
One of Terry Moran ’s recent APS reform proposals is the development of a whole program implementation toolkit for just such purposes .
This report and Rod Tiffen ’s brilliant dissection of the media coverage of the insulation issue have shown how facile the “ analysis ” provided by journalists , including most of the Press Gallery , has been of this story , and most particularly the role of Peter Garrett , allegedly the “ bungler ” responsible for four deaths .
Then again , journalists have already moved on to bewailing the fate of the industry affected by the closure of a program the media criticised so heavily .
The United States continues to lead the world in defense spending , according to a new report released Thursday by the Center for Arms Control and Non-Proliferation , a U.S. - based non-partisan research organization .
In fact , the U.S. outspends Russia , the next highest spender , by more than 800 percent .
In 2008 , the most recent year for which figures are available , the U.S. expenditure was 696.3 billion dollars , followed by Russia ’s 86 billion and China ’s 83.5 billion .
The U.S. defense budget is 15 times that of Japan , 47 times that of Israel , and nearly 73 times that of Iran .
Not only does U.S. spending dwarf that of other nations , but it has also grown in recent years .
The budget for fiscal year 2011 is 720 billion dollars , up 67 percent from 2001 ’s 432 billion , accounting for inflation .
In a recent speech to the U.S. Navy League , U.S. Secretary of Defense Robert Gates pointed out examples of the effects of his country ’s disproportionate spending .
The U.S. Navy can carry twice as many aircrafts at sea as the rest of the world put together , he said , and the navy ’s overall power is estimated to exceed that of the next 13 most powerful navies combined .
This extreme dominance exists in all branches of the armed forces .
It is notable in the Center for Arms Control and Non-Proliferation ’s report that , while China and Russia are big spenders , defense spending comes overwhelmingly from the Western industrialized world .
The United States itself accounts for 44.32 percent of the global total spending of 1.57 trillion dollars , with the rest of NATO and non-NATO Europe accounting for another 22.43 percent .
The Middle East and North Africa , on the other hand , account for 7.03 percent , Latin America and the Caribbean for 3.69 percent , and Sub - Saharan Africa a mere 0.77 percent .
China and Russia account for 5.31 percent and 5.47 percent , respectively .
A study released in April by the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute ( SIPRI ) showed that Western industrialized countries strongly dominate arms manufacture , as well .
British Aerospace Systems is the largest arms manufacturer in the world , followed by four U.S. - based contractors .
Of the world ’s top - 20 manufacturers , only one , Russia ’s Almaz - Antei , comes from a non-Western nation .
SIPRI ’s Susan Jackson told IPS that companies in Western countries have a competitive advantage because of the higher level of technology available to them .
One non-Western country is missing from the Center for Arms Control and Non-Proliferation ’s report : North Korea , which does not make reliable figures publicly available .
The U.S. State Department estimates that North Korea — a country in which up to 20 percent of men ages 17 - 54 are currently serving in the armed forces — spends up to one quarter of its Gross National Product on defense .
Another notable case is the Gulf Region in the Mideast .
While Middle Eastern countries account for a small percentage of worldwide defense spending , Gulf Cooperation Council countries — Bahrain , Qatar , United Arab Emirates , Kuwait , Oman , and especially Saudi Arabia — have ramped up spending in recent years as fears grow about Iranian nuclear weapons development .
These fears are a major factor in Israel ’s high defense spending as well , SIPRI ’s Pieter Wezeman told IPS .
Defense spending remains high worldwide despite the global economic crisis .
There is reason to believe that the recession ’s effects may halt this growth , however .
The U.S. Congressional Budget Office has warned that increased debt will have to mean decreased spending across the board , with defense spending no exception .
With the United States by far the dominant spender , decreased U.S. spending would greatly affect total global spending .
" Swimming in its own tide of debt , the U.S. , too , may soon be forced to restrain baseline Pentagon spending to just above the rate of inflation in the coming years , " Dan Darling , Europe and Middle East Military Markets Analyst at Forecast International Inc. , told IPS .
U.S. Secretary of Defense Gates concurs .
" It is not a great mystery what needs to change , " he said in his recent speech .
" What it takes it the political will and willingness , as Eisenhower possessed , to make hard choices . "
Thus far , however , as the new report shows , the economic crisis has not dampened outsized U.S. spending .
( Inter Press Service )
This post is part of our weekly series :
This week we collected 50 beautiful and stunning animal photos around the web for you .
Animal photos sometimes are hard to capture , because they wont stay still nor some animals will even attacking you .
Here are 50 great photos we picked for you , enjoy the post .
Pope Benedict XVI explains which types of slow , deliberate touching the church deems inappropriate .
VATICAN CITY — Calling the behavior shameful , sinful , and much more frequent than the Vatican was comfortable with , Pope Benedict XVI vowed this week to bring the widespread pedophilia within the Roman Catholic Church down to a more manageable level .
Advertisement
Addressing thousands gathered at St. Peter 's Square on Easter Sunday , the pontiff offered his " most humble apologies " to abuse victims , and pledged to reduce the total number of molestations by 60 percent over the next five years .
" This is absolutely unacceptable , " Pope Benedict said .
" It seems a weakening of faith in God has prevented our priests from exercising moderation when sexually abusing helpless minors . "
Advertisement
" And let me remind our clergy of the holy vows they all took when they entered the priesthood , " he continued .
" They should know that they 're only allowed one small child every other month . "
The pope said he was deeply disappointed to learn that the number of children sexually abused by priests was almost 10 times beyond the allowable limit clearly outlined in church doctrine .
Admitting for the first time in public that the overindulgent touching of " tender , tender young flesh " had become a full - blown crisis , the Holy Father vowed to implement new reforms to bring the pedophilia rate back down to five children per 1,000 clergy .
Advertisement
" The truth is there will always be a little bit of molestation — it 's simply unavoidable , " Vatican spokesperson Rev. Federico Lombardi said .
" But the fact that young boys have gotten much more attractive over the past few decades is no excuse for the blatant defiance of church limits that have been in place for centuries . "
" The majority of priests do n't want to molest kids at all , " he added .
" But for those who do , we must make sure they 're doing it at a reasonable rate . "
Advertisement
Following the pope 's speech , the Vatican released a statement outlining its plan to reduce pedophilia .
Starting next year , specially trained cardinals will make unannounced visits to inspect and observe random churches in order to ensure they are not going beyond diocese - wide molestation caps .
The inspector - cardinals will grade each parish based on long , private interviews with altar boys in darkened church basements , and careful observation of priests ' sexual activity .
These senior officials will also have the authority to enforce harsh punishments for any clergy member violating his allotment of pedophilia .
Advertisement
" If a priest goes even one child over the limit , there will be hell to pay , " said Prefect of the Congregation for Bishops Giovanni Battista Re , explaining the Vatican 's new " Three Strikes , You 're Out " rule .
" After the third offense , the offending priest will immediately be moved to another parish .
This will give officials time to investigate the case , and will act as an effective deterrent since it usually takes months for priests to gain the trust of the new children . "
As a " goodwill measure , " Cardinal Re said all churches will also be required to display a sign next to the altar showing the number of days since the last molestation .
Advertisement
Criticism of the pope 's new plan has already begun to emerge from within the Catholic Church itself .
Rev. Walter Moore , a pastor at St. Peter 's in Chicago , questioned the Vatican 's methodology in calculating the molestation rates , saying the church 's inconsistent definition of pedophilia may have skewed the numbers .
" Is it technically pedophilia if the child 's clothes are fully on the entire time ?
What if he 's asleep when it happens ? "
Moore said .
" It 's time we had some clear guidance from Rome on this issue .
For instance , the church counts it as one incident regardless of whether the child is molested multiple times by the same individual or by two priests at once .
That 's just plain wrong . "
Advertisement
" Plus , if it 's supposed to be a special secret between the priest and the boy , is it even any of the church 's business in the first place ? " he added .
" Maybe Brandon is just trying to get attention . "
The Vatican would not release details of the pope 's upcoming world tour , in which he plans to clear up any confusion on the matter by personally demonstrating what constitutes molestation .
TWO weeks ago , YouTube celebrated when the number of videos viewed daily on its site reached two billion , a milestone .
But it also used the occasion to express its envy of television ’s continuing hold on viewers : “ Although the average user spends 15 minutes a day on YouTube , that ’s tiny compared to the five hours a day people spend watching TV , ” the company observed on its blog .
“ Clearly , we need to give you more reason to watch more videos ! ”
YouTube , however , faces a huge obstacle : very short videos are unlikely to hold interest when watched in long sequences .
It remains to be seen whether viewers will ever be interested in watching hours and hours of typically two - and - a - half - minute videos , even if produced professionally and well matched to individual tastes and moods .
The end of a program  whether it has lasted two minutes or two hours  invites consideration of doing something else .
In YouTube ’s case , of course , the end comes often .
Jamie Davidson , a YouTube product manager , says that the 15 minutes of daily viewing by a user typically involves six videos , with the conclusion of each presenting “ a decision point , and every decision point is an opportunity to leave . ”
NEW YORK ( Reuters Health ) - Obese children in grades 3 through 6 are more apt to be bullied by their classmates than children who are trim , regardless of their gender , race , social skills , or academic achievement , a study published today in Pediatrics shows .
This finding is “ so disturbing to me , ” Dr. Julie C. Lumeng from University of Michigan , Ann Arbor , who led the study , told Reuters Health .
She also admitted being a bit surprised .
“ Unlike in the 1980s , ” she explained , “ so many kids are obese now .
In some schools , half the class may be overweight ... so I really thought that maybe being obese really does n’t result in being bullied as much anymore .
I was wrong . ”
The study involved 821 US boys and girls 8 to 11 years old .
In third grade , 17 percent of the children were obese and 15 percent were overweight .
A quarter of the children reported being bullied , although their mothers said about 45 percent of them were bullied .
According to the investigators , the odds of being bullied were 63 percent higher for an obese child , compared to a healthy - weight peer .
The higher odds of being bullied among obese children were “ equally strong ” for boys and girls , white and nonwhite children , children from poor and more well - to - do families and across all types of schools in all 10 study cities , the investigators note .
Lumeng also thought she ’d find protective factors -- like having good social skills and doing well in school .
“ I thought maybe this would protect obese kids from being bullied .
But no matter how we ran and re-ran the analysis , the link between being obese and being bullied remained , ” Lumeng said .
“ Parents of obese children rate bullying as their top health concern , ” Lumeng and her colleagues note in their report , and obese children who are bullied suffer more depression , anxiety and loneliness .
The issue has received more attention since the suicide of 15 - year - old Phoebe Prince in January .
Prince was reportedly bullied for months by students at her high school in South Hadley , Mass .
“ There is no simple solution to the problem , ” Lumeng told Reuters Health .
“ I think it reflects the general prejudice against obese people , ” and children , even at a very young age , pick up on this .
On a societal level , “ it is important to fashion messages aimed at reducing the premium placed on thinness and the negative stereotypes that are associated with being obese or overweight , ” the investigators write in Pediatrics .
Lumeng is also concerned about the “ pervasive view ” that obesity is all about a lack of self - control with food and not getting enough exercise .
And while overeating and lack of exercise are part of it , “ it ’s so much more complex than that , ” Lumeng said , “ and we really need to work on changing this view of what causes obesity . ”
Dr. Matthew Davis , who was not involved in the study , agrees .
In an email to Reuters Health , he said he would encourage adults to “ model good behavior for children , by not making negative comments about other people ’s weight .
“ Schools are increasingly addressing the problem of bullying , but programs do n’t always -- or even frequently -- include kids ’ weight as a focus for bullying prevention , ” noted Davis , who directs the CS Mott Children ’s Hospital National Poll on Children ’s Health at the University of Michigan , Ann Arbor .
“ With obesity affecting 1 in 5 to 1 in 6 kids in the US , parents can encourage schools to make sure that bullying related to obesity is targeted in intervention programs , ” he added .
SOURCE : Pediatrics , June 2010 , online May 3 .
The artist obviously put a lot of care into making this look as authentic as possible , so it 's a pity he or she did n't bother proofreading the text .
I mean , seriously ?
INDIANAPOLIS , Ind . – Republican Mayor Greg Ballard and the city administration are pushing to sell the city ’s publicly owned water and sewer utility to Citizens Gas , putting hundreds of union jobs at risk .
A recently released a Memorandum of Understanding regarding the privatization plan , and the sell - off plan itself , both were developed without public input or oversight .
After the fact , Mayor Ballard and Citizens Gas CEO Carey Lykins have held four public hearings on the sale .
The second took place on March 29t at Aldersgate Free Methodist Church on the city ’s east side .
The meeting , before a packed crowd , started off with Mayor Ballard and Lykins providing a PowerPoint presentation as one - dimensional as what many are calling their crackpot scheme .
What ’s at stake with this sell - off is hundreds of union jobs at Veolia , the company contracted by the city to manage and maintain the water utility .
In addition , the jobs of customer service representatives and office staff at both Citizens and Veolia are on the chopping block .
Critics say the privatization plan is based on fuzzy math .
According to the Memorandum , the city will gain $ 425 million on the sale , to go toward capital improvement projects to repair the city ’s infrastructure .
However , that figure is contingent upon $ 170.6 million due at closing and then $ 92 million due on October 1 , 2011 .
As part of this backroom deal , Citizens Gas will make payments of $ 262 million in cash over two years in lieu of property taxes , but this could hinge on the value of Citizens ’ surety bonds , the value of the Water Company headquarters if Citizens decides it does not want it , and up to $ 15 million based on some vaguely referenced cost sharing agreement .
The agreement also does not guarantee the safety and quality of the water , since there were no metrics to measure the quality of the water against any standards .
Mayor Ballard ’s rationale for the sale is that the city - county council will no longer have any input into utility rates , thus removing “ undue political influence . ”
Opponents of the plan charge that this rhetoric is a thinly veiled excuse to remove any democratic control over water rates , which have already increased this past year and are set to increase even more after the sale .
The board of Citizens Gas includes only two African - Americans and none of the board members are on a fixed income .
The audience asked pointed questions about the future of the workers and jobs after the sale .
Lykins provided only vague and ominously nebulous answers .
But what was indicated was that 60 days after the sale , anyone ’s job is up in the air .
Lykins did confirm that office staff would most likely be first in line for elimination .
There are two more public meetings on the sale and then the proposal goes to the Board of Waterworks , the Board of Public Works , the City - County Council , and last , the Indiana Utility Regulatory Committee , which has final authority to approve or reject the deal .
More information is available at the city ’s web site .
Photo : http://indianapolistimesblog.blogspot.com/2009_11_01_archive.html
Holy crap !
80s Tees , purveyors of fine Ghostbusters tees and other merch , have posted pictures of their upcoming Summer release … a backpack made to look like a proton pack .
Judging scale is a little tricky , but you can see it ’s a beige canvas pack , with the body of a proton pack printed on it , and a smaller , round pouch , with the cyclotron printed on it .
Attached to it by a black nylon cord his another pouch , this one printed with the particle thrower .
What attaches one to the other ( clip versus velco ) is hard to make out .
But who cares ?
$ 40 .
Backpack that looks like a proton pack .
I do n’t even have kids and I HAVE to get one .
Some day , a child of mine will wear that to school proudly .
This is a considerable step up from Spencer ’s Gifts Slimer pack .
ASHEVILLE , North Carolina ( Reuters ) - President Barack Obama said on Saturday taxpayer - funded bailouts of the auto industry that he approved had paid off , in what amounted to a rejection of conservative arguments against such government help .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
In his weekly radio and Web address , Obama kept up the pressure for an overhaul of U.S. financial regulations , saying the promising news from the auto industry had not reduced the need for Wall Street changes .
Government bailouts of Wall Street , begun by then - President George W. Bush in 2008 and continued by Obama , have come under heavy criticism from conservatives who feel the government is spending too much money and that big firms should be allowed to fail .
General Motors Co and Chrysler both reported progress this week in their government - financed turnarounds , but the Obama administration still forecasts some loss on the taxpayer bailout of both companies to help them recover from the economic slump and a steep drop in auto sales .
Obama used a great deal of his weekly address as a justification for why the bailouts were necessary to prevent an even worse economic calamity and to say the emergency programs were ending and would cost taxpayers “ a fraction of what was originally feared . ”
“ This is a direct result of the careful management of the investments made by the American people so that we could recoup as many tax dollars as possible -- and as quickly as possible , ” Obama said .
The issue is likely to be among those debated in the run-up to congressional elections in November in which Democrats are seeking to defend their strong majorities in the U.S. House of Representatives and the Senate .
Polls point toward gains by the Republicans .
By hammering away at Wall Street , Obama seeks to reassure Main Street he understands Americans ’ concerns and convince them of the need for action .
His healthcare overhaul remains unpopular with a sizable segment of Americans despite the best efforts of the White House to sell it .
Obama , spending a weekend with his wife , Michelle , in Asheville , a city on the fringe of the Blue Ridge Mountains , sought to keep up the momentum for a financial regulatory overhaul that seems to be heading for passage by the Senate .
The bill gained momentum after U.S. securities regulators sued Goldman Sachs Group on April 16 , charging the investment bank with fraud in marketing a product linked to subprime mortgages , the risky loans at the heart of the financial crisis .
While Republicans argue the legislation would permit more government bailouts , Obama said , “ These reforms would put an end -- once and for all -- to taxpayer bailouts . ”
“ They would bring greater transparency to complex financial dealings .
And they will empower ordinary consumers and shareholders in our financial system , ” he said .
In their never ending search for bad ideas to embrace , regulators are contemplating imposing participation obligations on market makers :
Proprietary trading firms are concerned that last week ’s market tumult could see regulators seek to attach more strings to their trading activity , requiring them to buy and sell shares even when they ’d rather not .
Securities and Exchange Commission Chairman Mary Schapiro said Tuesday that regulators are weighing obligations that should apply to such firms , after some “ professional liquidity providers ” stopped trading amid last Thursday ’s heated volatility that saw U.S. markets quickly plunge and then rebound .
The command - and - control mindset is running amok in Washington .
How about some basic economics , OK ?
Putting aside how you would even define and enforce such obligations , imposing an obligation that firms make a market when they would rather not voluntarily , or to make a market in a size that is larger than they would choose voluntarily , imposes costs on said firms .
This reduces return on capital .
Since capital must earn a normal return , the mandate - caused reduction in return will lead to an exit of some capital from market making .
This will reduce liquidity in periods in which the constraint to make markets is not binding .
Spreads will be higher , and depth lower , during these times .
This will generate higher profits then that will offset the losses market makers must bear when the constraint binds .
( There could be a perverse dynamic here too .
Less liquidity in normal times increases the likelihood ( all else equal ) of a big price move that may trigger the constraint . )
One can also foresee the potential of a return to the specialist bargain of the old days .
Specialists had an affirmative obligation to make markets , even when it is unprofitable .
They were compensated in the form of entry barriers and information advantages that allowed them to earn rents in times when the obligation constraint was not binding .
But the effect of this was quite similar to what I just sketched out : trading costs are lower when the constraint binds , trading costs are higher when it does n’t .
In three words : No Free Lunch .
Futures markets almost never impose such obligations .
There are some exceptions , in which there are designated market maker programs , usually implemented to promote trading in new products .
In essence , market making obligations alter the time pattern of liquidity .
Liquidity is higher in some periods , lower in others .
Overall , liquidity is lower , because the constraint necessarily reduces the capital devoted to making markets .
Does Mary Shapiro , or anybody else , know what the “ right ” pattern of liquidity supply should be ?
Do they have any idea of the effects of such a constraint .
Almost certainly not .
Could competition between exchanges ensure the provision of the right amount / pattern ?
There ’s room for skepticism .
Assume exchange E imposes the constraint , but exchanges X , Y , and Z do n’t .
During normal times X etc. will get more business because market makers on those exchanges incur lower costs and do n’t have to charge the premium that E ’s market makers do to cover the costs of making markets during volatile times .
During the volatile times , E ’s market makers will attract business–just when they do n’t really want it .
So exchanges could free ride on any other exchange that imposes the obligation .
Is there an externality or other “ market failure ” that could justify imposing the obligation on all market makers and exchanges ?
The Greenwald - Stein story suggests that yes , that is a possibility .
But the mechanism to deal with that is to switch from continuous trading to a call auction market .
With multiple exchanges , that switch must be coordinated across exchanges .
The lack of such coordination exacerbated problems on 6 May .
Before imposing additional obligations that will harm market quality during normal periods , it would be better to improve intermarket coordination .
Moreover , as the CME experience shows , circuit breakers that focus on stop orders is a reasonable , relatively light - touch functionality that can mitigate some of the most serious problems .
Why not try that before imposing difficult to define , hard to enforce , and costly obligations on market makers ?
This short video of how a pug can go green , while silly , is perhaps the most enjoyable Earth Day - related item to cross my desk .
It ca n't help but make you smile or laugh .
In this video , which I spotted on the Sierra Club's The Green Life website , a pug sorts paper from plastic , rides mass transit and swaps carrots for cows .
It was made by The Daily Puglet blog for the 40th anniversary of Earth Day this Thursday and posted on YouTube ( watch above or click here . )
A vast amount of energy has already been expended on the 2010 UK General Election , but one vital , complex and revealing aspect of it has remained resolutely ignored until now : the ‘ four nations ’ politics of this election – with very different election results in Scotland , Wales , England and Northern Ireland .
The Scottish , Welsh and Northern Irish all now have national political spaces .
The politics in each are pulling away from each other .
This can now be seen in the Westminster elections , as well , of course , as the devolved ones .
The 2010 election results show that it is possible to begin to imagine a very different , distinct English political landscape emerging as well .
This election could well mark the end of British politics as we have known it .
Scotland
In Scotland , Labour ’s vote ( 42.0 % ) actually rose by an impressive 2.5 % - the only part of the UK it did so , giving a swing from Conservatives to Labour of 0.9 % : the only part of the UK which went in the opposite direction .
There was the lowest Conservative vote of anywhere ( 16.7 % ) , along with the lowest increase of anywhere ( 0.9 % ) – barring the special case of Northern Ireland .
The SNP performance was very poor ( 19.9 % ) even though they ended up in second place in votes – with less than half the support of Scottish Labour who were 22.1 % ahead of them .
The Lib Dems support with 18.9 % saw their vote fall 3.7 % - their worst result in any of the nations and regions of the UK .
The key fact is that while England and , in its own way Wales , moved towards the Conservative Party , Scotland moved the other way .
Wales
Wales saw Welsh Labour record its lowest vote for generations ( 36.2 % ) – which was marginally worse than the annus horribilis of 1983 when they won 37.5 % - achieving the party ’s lowest vote since 1918 .
The Welsh Tory vote showed some resilience – rising 4.7 % - its second highest anywhere in the UK – to 26.1 % and winning five seats – taking its representation from three to eight .
The Tories have recovered from their derisory votes at the end of the Thatcher - Major era – unlike the Scots Tories – but in 1979 they won 32.2 % and 1983 31.5 % - when they were only 6.5 % behind Labour ; last Thursday they were a mere 10.1 % behind Labour which when put in perspective with some of their results in 1997 ( 35.1 % behind ) and since is respectable and competitive .
The Lib Dems polled respectably while losing one seat ( Lembit Opik ) and Plaid Cymru showed how poorly they often perform in Westminster elections .
England
The Conservatives won England with 39.6 % to Labour ’s 28.1 % and the Lib Dems 24.2 % - a Tory lead of 11.5 % - landslide territory – on a respectable swing of 5.6 % from Labour to Conservative .
This is not quite the humiliation of Labour in England which occurred in 1983 when the party just avoided finishing third : the Tories winning 46.0 % to Labour ’s 27.0 % and Lib / SDP Alliance ’s 26.4 % .
In 2005 England voted Conservative 35.7 % to Labour 35.5 % .
The actual plurality was about 50,000 more Tory votes .
But this nonetheless resulted in 286 Labour to 194 Tory .
This time the Conservatives won an overall English majority in parliamentary terms as well – with 297 seats to Labour ’s 191 and Lib Dems 43 – a Tory lead of 106 over Labour and overall English majority of 61 seats .
It has not escaped the attention of some Tory commentators that without Scotland they would not have needed to enter into discussions with Nick Clegg ’s Liberal Democrats .
English Regions
Results within England showed fascinating variations .
In London there was the smallest swing to the Conservatives anywhere apart from Scotland ( and Northern Ireland ) .
Labour ’s vote ( 36.6 % ) fell by a mere 2.3 % , while the Conservatives ( 34.5 % ) rose by 2.6 % - their worst anywhere apart from Scotland ( and Northern Ireland ) .
In the other English regions , the South East showed the highest Tory vote ( 49.9 % ) and the highest increase ( 4.9 % ) .
The highest Lib Dem vote was not surprisingly in the South West ( 34.7 % ) , where the party put on 2.2 % , but still saw a 1.0 % swing to the Tories .
The Eastern region saw the Labour vote fall by its highest anywhere ( 10.2 % ) , whereas its vote in the North East ( 43.2 % ) was the highest vote anywhere – even higher than in Scotland – although in the North East Labour wins its vote in a three party system , while its Scottish vote of 1.2 % lower is achieved in a four party system .
Northern Ireland
In Northern Ireland behind the headlines of Peter Robinson ’s defeat , Sinn Fein increased their vote if not their representation and with 25.5 % of the vote became Northern Ireland ’s leading party compared to the Democratic Unionists 25.0 % .
The SDLP achieved 16.5 % while the other story was the complete failure of the ‘ Ulster Conservatives and Unionists : New Force ’ who won 15.2 % - losing 2.6 % support compared to the Ulster Unionists and their one seat .
Tory v Labour swings
There are a number of other narratives about this election which need to be emphasised and put in context .
One is the performance of the Cameron Conservatives who have stressed what a big vote and number of seats they gained ; the latter ( 97 ) is their highest since 1931 but is a product of the low Conservative base they were starting from ( 210 ) – a mere one seat more than Michael Foot won in 1983 .
The swing from Labour to Conservatives was 5.0 % - which is a credible , decent showing , but nothing sensational .
Thatcher won a higher 5.2 % in 1979 , and Blair in 1979 a huge 10.2 % .
What is more revealing is the size of the Tory vote ( 36.1 % ) – just ahead of Ted Heath ’s vote in his second election defeat in a row in October 1974 ( 35.8 % ) .
The Tory increase in their share of the vote ( 3.8 % ) is not that large , and has been outperformed on several occasions – Thatcher achieving an increase of twice this in 1979 ( 8.1 % ) , while even the much maligned Ted Heath raised the Tory vote by more in 1970 ( 4.5 % ) and Churchill achieved the same increase in 1951 ( 4.5 % ) .
Labour ’s vote of 29.0 % was just above Michael Foot ’s in 1983 ( 27.6 % ) – but then Labour was a massive 14.8 % behind Thatcher ’s Conservatives as compared with 7.1 % now .
The fall in Labour ’s vote now was the second highest the party has seen in post - war elections ( 6.2 % ) – exceeded only by the disaster of 1983 ( 9.3 % ) .
Shares of the total electorate
An important measure of a society ’s political health is turnout in elections .
One way of looking at this is by examining total share of the electorate , i.e. of the total who could have voted rather than of those who did ( the share of the vote ) .
The decline of the once all powerful two party system can be seen in the Conservative and Labour share of the electorate : winning 23.5 % and 18.9 % respectively compared to the Lib Dems 15.0 % .
This gives the ‘ Labservatives ’ a mere 42.4 % of the electorate between them – up from the post - war low of 41.3 % in 2005 due to increased turnout .
But still well below half .
In 1951 when the Labservatives famously won 96.8 % of votes cast , they also won 79.9 % of the electorate : 40.3 % Labour , 39.6 % Conservatives .
By the time we get to ‘ the ungovernability of Britain ’ in the 1970s , Labour won a mere 29.0 % in February 1974 to the Conservative 29.5 % , while Thatcher was elected in 1979 with 33.4 % .
When Blair ’s New Labour swept all before it in 1997 it did so on an unimpressive 30.9 % of the electorate compared to the Tories 22.0 % - bringing the two parties share down to 52.9 % of the electorate .
By 2005 when Blair and New Labour won their historic third term they did so with a paltry 21.5 % of electors compared to the Tories 19.8 % – giving them a mere 41.3 % of the electorate ( their share having first fallen below half the electors in 2001 with 43.0 % ) .
The End
The familiar templates and landscape of the British political system is cracking and falling apart ; the world of Robert McKenzie and a two party adversial system is no longer how our politics are shaped .
In the last decade alone , the Conservative / Labour hold on our political system has vastly weakened and retreated , to a degree as yet not understood by the Westminster village .
The 2010 election is further evidence of this , even if it is true the Lib Dems did not quite live up to the hype !
Then there is also the evidence of the ‘ four nations ’ of the disunited kingdom , a state in the process of losing its over - arching United Kingdom politics , as we witness the emergence of four , very different party systems across the UK .
All 2010 UK election figures are taken from the BBC election website
The rise of an often militant right - wing populist movement – the tea partiers , the Ron Paulistas , the tenth amendment restorationists and the regionalists – has the powers - that - be in a tizzy .
On the " progressive " left , we have Rachel Maddow sounding the alarm about hordes of armed militia types supposedly marching on Washington , in a populist version of Seven Days in May .
The " brown scare " now energizing those who call themselves progressives is no longer limited to the familiar precincts of MSNBC and the Obamaite / limousine liberal wing of the blogosphere : now we have Bill Clinton giving voice to the Bizarro World McCarthyism that inspires the " left . "
McCarthyism was the offspring of Senator Joseph " Tail - Gunner Joe " McCarthy , who carried out a campaign – some would say a witch - hunt – against employees of the US government he accused of being Communists or fellow travelers – that is , people who believed the government should run everything .
Not just the insurance industry , and the auto industry , and the banking field – everything .
While less than judicious in his accusations , by accusing a whole lot of people , McCarthy was often right , as the Venona revelations and other surprises from the KGB archives later proved .
I have long been of the opinion that the 9/11 attacks impacted with such physical and psychological force that they caused a rift in the space - time continuum , and the Bizarro - McCarthyism that has maddened the progressive left provides yet more validation of this theory .
In Bizarro World , where up is down and right is left , we have witch - hunts against those suspected of harboring " anti-government " sympathies : that is , they are in favor of freedom – an obviously subversive concept , which must be ruthlessly exposed and suppressed .
A similar reaction is taking place , to a lesser extent , on the establishment ( i.e. neoconservative ) right .
David Frum , the Bush speechwriter and co-author of the " axis of evil " catchphrase , has become the liberal establishment ’s favorite interview subject because he now spends all his time attacking " right - wing extremism , " most especially the explicitly libertarian elements of the tea party movement .
He has set up his own movement , which might be called the " Scoop Jackson Republicans , " and a Web site where one can go for regular denunciations of the tea partiers and pleas for Republicans to moderate their message – except when it comes to foreign policy , naturally enough .
In that realm , it ’s the same old Republican invade - the- world globaloney : Iraq was a " victory , " Afghanistan is a necessity , and Israel must be defended and succored no matter the damage to demonstrable American interests .
This ostensibly conservative hostility to the latest expression of American populism is hardly surprising .
One of the founding myths of neoconservatism is that populism , in all its forms , is always dangerous , as it is invariably a carrier of the anti-Semitic virus .
All that constant guff we hear about " the " paranoid style in American politics " comes directly from the neocons in their earlier , " liberal " mandarin incarnation .
The " paranoid " theme was popularized by the historian Richard Hofstadter and a claque of neoconservative sociologists back in the mid-Fifties and Sixties , who , in their classic anthology on The Radical Right , and other works , applied the sociological theories of the Marxist theoretician Theodor Adorno to the " problem " of fighting " extremism " in the postwar world .
Adorno and his disciples took the classical Marxist theory of fascism as a phenomenon attributable to " the enraged bourgeoisie " and gave it a sociological - Freudian gloss .
According to these geniuses , all expressions of popular opposition to Franklin Roosevelt ’s New Deal were merely symptoms of repressed hatred of the father and inspired by the desire to kill him .
The " reactionary " subjects of their solemn sociological examinations were invariably antisocial misfits , possessed of an " authoritarian personality , " and the clear implication was that these types represented a threat to the social order , which it was in society ’s interest to suppress .
These same leftist professors who had found their place in the postwar economic and political order , and were firmly ensconced in their comfortable university chairs , had furthermore decided that we had come to " the end of ideology , " the title of an essay ( and later a book ) by one of their number .
The old revolutionary spirit of the 1930s had dissipated and proved to be an illusion , and on the right there were merely reactionary tics , or as Lionel Trilling , one of their big heroes , put it , " just irritable mental gestures . "
In shoring up the defenses of the postwar Welfare - Warfare State , and the rising power and prestige of the American empire , these former revolutionaries sought to defend the status quo against all comers , who were to be banished to the fever swamps of the " far right " and the " far left , " exiled to the Coventry reserved for " extremists . "
( For a wonderful debunking of the entire " anti-concept " of " extremism , " see Ayn Rand ’s scintillating essay on the subject . )
In its contempt for the hoi polloi , Trilling ’s remark fairly sums up the liberal / neocon elite ’s reaction to the current tide of right - wing populism – or , indeed , any sort of populism , including the traditional left - wing variety .
Which brings us to the question of why is this suddenly happening – this volcanic eruption from the subterranean depths of the American political landscape ?
And why are the elites so alarmed ?
The question of why now comes into focus if one notices the complete absence of any real form of left - wing populism .
The genesis of the tea-partiers was the bank bailout , not the election of Barack Obama , and one would have thought that the takeover of the government by a few corporate giants might have provoked a hostile reaction on the left – but not in Obama ’s America .
Although both major party presidential candidates supported the bailout , and issued a joint statement to that effect , under Obama , the bailouts were expanded and are now being institutionalized under the rubric of " financial reform . "
The old - line anti-corporatist progressivism of the southern Bryanite " free silver " Democrats , the LaFollette brothers in the northwest , and the Midwestern variety represented by such figures as Senator Burton Wheeler – which was radically decentralist , and militantly anti-imperialist – has been completely supplanted by the modern super - centralizers who are in bed with Goldman Sachs and have no aversion to imperial adventures .
Blocked from finding any real expression on the left – except for some hand - wringing over " What ’s the matter with Kansas ? " – antigovernment anti-corporatist sentiments have found a comfortable home on the right .
This combination our elites consider literally explosive , which is why Rachel Maddow is relentlessly trying to link " today ’s antigovernment extremism " with the Oklahoma City bombing and the views of Timothy McVeigh .
The message coming from our liberal elites , and their neoconservative allies , could n’t be clearer : if you ’re an " antigovernment " extremist – a phrase that , in their view , is a bit redundant , since any and all " antigovernment " ideology is inherently extremist and violent – you represent a physical threat to the social order .
To be against the government and its policies – and to call them " gangsters , " as right - wing congresswoman Michelle Bachmann did – is to call for insurrection and terrorism , as Bill Clinton more than hinted at in his reply to Bachmann , in which he likened her and her supporters to McVeigh .
Clinton even gave an Adorno - style diagnosis of Bachmann et al. : these are " profoundly alienated , disconnected people who bought into this militant antigovernment line . ”
Having inherited and even expanded on the police state apparatus set up by the Bush administration – with the PATRIOT Act , expanded domestic surveillance , and other recent innovations in our government ’s war on civil liberties – the rationale for outright repression is being articulated by our rulers with increasing emphasis .
The recent statement by FBI chief Robert Mueller that homegrown terrorism of the " antigovernment " sort is as big a threat as al - Qaeda should send a chill down the spine of everyone who values what ’s left of our freedom .
Because what this means is that the US government is currently using all the blunt instruments of repression available to it under the extensive Bush era rewrite of statutes protecting persons and property from arbitrary actions of government .
The Obama administration and its supporters have decided to demonize anyone whose activities or beliefs could vaguely be construed as " antigovernment , " likening them to terrorists – and this surely includes anyone who opposes the foreign policy of this government , which is acting in a distinctly gangsterish manner over in the Middle East and Afghanistan .
Under the Obama administration , the infiltration and surveillance of the antiwar movement has continued , and there ’s little doubt the Feds are utilizing the same tactics in their bid to undermine and discredit the tea partiers and other " antigovernment " heretics out there in the hinterlands .
Just as war is the ultimate expression of government power , so opposition to war is the ultimate expression of " antigovernment " sentiment .
Indeed , as Ms. Maddow , now the expert on such matters , well knows , McVeigh was motivated in large part by his bitterness over his experiences in the first Iraq war , where we slaughtered thousands wantonly in a hugely uneven conflict .
This is why the US government is now cracking down on " right - wing extremism " in the US military : as US military personnel return from a series of unjust – and murderous – wars , coming back to ill treatment and terrible economic conditions , the boys in Washington rightly live in fear of the monsters they may have created .
Not content with going overseas in search of monsters to destroy , the current administration and its supporters are conjuring them right here at home .
In any case , creating monsters , both real and imagined , is the one thing the US government is really good at .
Our elites hate populism in all its forms simply because it threatens their power , their privileges , their pelf and their prestige : populism is by definition a revolt against the elites , in government and society .
Worst of all , from a ruling class perspective , is populism of the " antigovernment " variety , because it threatens the source and symbol of their power : what Murray Rothbard called the Welfare - Warfare State .
The maintenance of this apparatus of power , both at home and abroad , in straitened economic circumstances , requires tightening the belts of ordinary citizens – while the elites , of course , continue to fatten at the public trough .
With the worldwide economic downturn , they know their hegemony is at risk , and so they ’re arming themselves , politically and legally , against the onslaught of popular rage they expect – and deserve .
I am proud to endorse Meg Whitman to be the next governor of California .
Meg has the conservative values , leadership skills and vision to reform state government and usher in an era of strong economic growth and prosperity .
There is a lot at stake in this election .
What happens in California has a direct bearing on the health of the U.S. economy .
America cannot afford to have its largest state teetering on the edge of financial collapse .
California needs a proven executive who has the mettle to stand up to the entrenched special interests in Sacramento and cut spending .
Meg is a leader who will not shy away from confronting the public employee unions .
She has put pension reform at the center of her agenda .
She is a firm believer in the power of tax cuts to strengthen small businesses and create jobs .
She knows that welfare must be a temporary hand - up and not a way of life .
She is committed to local control of education , and she has a strong and practical approach to securing the border and addressing the problems associated with illegal immigration .
Meg ’s conservatism is rooted in the optimism that people can achieve great things if government does n’t stand in their way .
As I have come to know her better , I have been reminded of another great leader from California .
As a young congressman from Wyoming in the 1980s , I was an unabashed foot soldier in the Reagan Revolution .
I saw an inspirational leader lift the nation out of the malaise left behind by Jimmy Carter ’s liberalism .
I believe Meg Whitman can do for California what Ronald Reagan did for America .
While I am always mindful of President Reagan ’s 11th Commandment , there are issues of judgment that voters should consider before they cast their ballots in the Republican primary .
I admire the success that Steve Poizner has had in the private sector and believe his commitment to public service is sincere .
But I have concerns about whether he truly adheres to the conservative principles of our party .
In 2000 , when I first ran on the national ticket with President George W. Bush , Mr. Poizner endorsed Vice President Al Gore .
With the election hanging in the balance , he donated $ 10,000 to the Gore - Lieberman Recount Committee in Florida .
In 2004 , during the Bush - Cheney reelection campaign , Mr. Poizner , who was then a candidate for the state Assembly , opposed the tax cuts that were the centerpiece of our economic recovery plan .
He also broke ranks with our party on national security and the “ war on terror . ”
Mr. Poizner opposed the war in Iraq .
To amplify his opposition to the national security policies of the Bush administration , he invited Richard Clarke to campaign for him in California .
At the time , Mr. Clarke , a former staff member of the National Security Council , was making the rounds on cable television to market a book that blamed the Bush administration for mismanaging the terrorist threat and enabling the Sept. 11 attacks against our nation .
There was a clear purpose behind the Clarke campaign visit .
Mr. Poizner was breaking from the Bush - Cheney ticket and our policy goals because he thought it helped his political ambitions .
The intervening years have proven that the resolve of the Bush administration and the courage of our soldiers on the ground in Iraq and Afghanistan kept America safe at a perilous time in our nation ’s history .
While I have doubts about the authenticity of the conservative voice that Mr. Poizner now speaks in , there is no disputing that Meg Whitman is the Republican the Democrats fear the most in this election .
The unions and the Democratic donors invested in Attorney General Jerry Brown ’s success have already started to run misleading ads attacking Meg Whitman .
This is a clear admission on their part that Meg is the toughest Republican candidate for governor .
The Democrats know that Meg can beat them in November , and , more importantly , they know she will put an end to the failed status quo in Sacramento as governor .
I encourage my fellow Republicans to vote for Meg Whitman .
She is a woman of courage , a leader with conviction , a true fiscal conservative and champion of the values we hold dearest .
WRITE A LETTER TO THE EDITOR
Letters to the Editor : E-mail to letters@ocregister.com .
Please provide your name and telephone number ( telephone numbers will not be published ) .
Letters of about 200 words will be given preference .
Letters will be edited for length , grammar and clarity .
Kitty Kelley 's new book : Oprah has a diva snit in Washington antique store ; " does not do stairs "
Oprah at the opening of her Leadership Academy for Girls outside Johannesburg in January 2007 .
( Siphiwe Sibeko / Reuters )
The image of Oprah as America 's benevolent earth mother is about to take a serious hit , thanks to -- who else ? -- biographer Kitty Kelley , whose book on the talk show queen comes out Tuesday .
" I was astounded that the woman who seems so open and uninhibited is really so choked by secrets , " said Kelley , who interviewed more than 800 people and spent four years researching the book .
Kitty Kelley in September 2004 .
( Gino Domenico / AP )
In a short excerpt obtained by the Reliable Source , Oprah comes off as a demanding diva unwilling to lift a finger -- or foot -- if she does n't feel like it .
About five years ago , she contacted Georgetown 's L'Enfant Gallery , known for high - end antiques , because she owned works by portraitist John Kirthian Court and wanted to see more .
Gallery owner Peter Colasante bought three paintings ( $ 60,000 - $ 80,000 each ) and had them shipped from Portugal to his shop for Oprah 's consideration .
He received strict instructions for her short visit , along with a partial schedule : " 2:17 p.m. : Oprah 's limousine arrives at L'Enfant Gallery , 2:20 p.m. : Oprah walks into gallery .... "
On the appointed day and time , two limos pulled up and Oprah went into Deborah Gore Dean 's shop across Wisconsin Avenue .
After waiting 30 minutes , Colasante walked over and found his famous client berating Dean .
He told Oprah and her entourage ( secretary , pilot , hairdresser , makeup man , guards ) that he had other appointments scheduled and she needed to honor her timetable .
" Oprah does not walk , " she told him , referring to herself in the third person .
" Who is this guy ? "
Then she started screaming at her staff , but finally agreed to cross the street and come through his front door .
" I just do n't feel it , " she told him .
" The vibrations are n't right . "
" You 'll feel them once you see the paintings we 've assembled for you , " he said , pointing up the stairs where Court 's art was hanging .
" Oprah does not do stairs , " she said .
Things went rapidly downhill from there : Colasante 's partner hissed that maybe Oprah could use the exercise ( unclear who heard ) , and she stormed out in a huff without buying anything .
How accurate is Kelley 's version ?
Dean , who declined to be interviewed for the book , said she does n't discuss her clients .
Winfrey spokeswoman Lisa Halliday declined to comment .
" Kitty got it just right , " Colasante told us this weekend .
" I was somewhat dumbfounded to see this side of Oprah .
I 've been in business 37 years , and I 've never seen anyone behave that way before -- least of all anyone well - known , who are generally pussycats .
We had a wonderful time with Barbra Streisand . "
( He eventually sold two of the three Court paintings . )
No telling what else Kelley has unearthed or who gets to hear it :
Her book has an initial printing of 500,000 copies , but she said some major news organizations have refused to schedule interviews for fear of Oprah 's power and displeasure .
But Kelley told us she 's still a fan .
" I love her -- she is a biographer 's gift .
I started the book the same way I ended up , with a great deal of respect for her . "
Nick
Ut 's famous image of Kim Phuc fleeing the napalm attack on her village
By Rebecca Lumb
BBC News
Kim Phuc , the girl in one of the unforgettable images of the Vietnam War , has been reunited for a BBC radio programme with Christopher Wain , the ITN correspondent who helped save her life 38 years ago .
When Chris last saw Kim , she was lying on a hospital bed with third - degree burns to more than half of her body , after a South Vietnamese napalm bomb attack .
It was 8 June 1972 and Chris and his crew had been in Vietnam for seven weeks , covering the conflict for ITN .
I found our reunion much more moving than I 'd anticipated ...
Kim was quite emotionally charged , and that 's catching
Christopher Wain
He remembers the day clearly : " That morning we 'd arrived at the village of Trang Bang , which had been infiltrated by the North Vietnamese two days earlier .
They were dug in , awaiting a counter - attack .
" In the late morning , two vintage Vietnamese bombers started to circle overhead - this was n't anything unusual , but because we had been into the village we knew something was going wrong . "
Many of the villagers had already fled to the shelter of a temple , among them nine - year - old Kim .
" We thought this would be a safe place - but then I saw the plane - it got so close , " she remembers .
" I heard the noise of the bombs then suddenly I saw the fire everywhere around me .
" I was terrified and I ran out of the fire .
I saw my brother and my cousin .
We just kept running .
My clothes were burnt off by the fire . "
FIND OUT MORE
It 's My Story - The Girl in the Picture , presented by Chris Wain , can be heard on BBC Radio 4 on Tuesday 18 May at 1600 BST
Or listen to it afterwards at the programme website Chris and his crew were about 400 m from the point where the four canisters of napalm had exploded .
" There was a blast of heat which felt like someone had opened the door of an oven .
Then we saw Kim and the rest of the children .
None of them were making any sound at all - until they saw the adults .
Then they started to scream . "
Lasting memory A Vietnamese photographer , Nick Ut , was also covering events in South Vietnam that day .
As Kim ran down the road , her arms outstretched and screaming for help , he took what is now seen as one of the most memorable images of the Vietnam War .
She was still running when Chris stopped her and poured water over her , while directing his crew to record the terrible scenes .
Chris helps
Kim as the horrific scenes are captured on film " We were short of film and my cameraman , the late , great Alan Downes , was worried that I was asking him to waste precious film shooting horrific pictures which were too awful to use .
My attitude was that we needed to show what it was like , and to their lasting credit , ITN ran the shots . "
Nick took Kim to the nearest hospital , the British - run Saigon First Children 's Hospital .
Shortly afterwards , his photograph and the film footage appeared all over the Western media .
One result was that everyone wanted to know what had happened to the little girl .
It was Chris who found Kim the following Sunday , in a small room at the British hospital .
" I asked a nurse how she was and she said she would die tomorrow , " he says .
So he got her moved to a specialist plastic surgery hospital , for life - saving treatment .
Kim stayed in hospital for 14 months and went through 17 operations , remaining in constant pain to this day .
Her image became a lasting memory for a generation - but the little girl herself disappeared from public view .
Powerful gift
Then , 10 years later , a journalist from Germany tracked Kim down .
She was at university studying medicine but the Vietnamese government cut short her studies and ordered her back to her village to be filmed and interviewed .
She was now a propaganda tool .
Even when she succeeded in resuming her studies , this time in Cuba , she was still expected to fulfil her duties as a " symbol of war " .
I realised I have a powerful gift ... now that I have freedom I can control that picture
Kim Phuc
It was at Havana University that she met Toan , a fellow student from Vietnam .
They married and took a honeymoon in Russia , which provided them with a unique opportunity to flee to Canada .
" I heard rumours that a lot of Cuban students stay in Canada on the way back from Moscow , when the plane stops to refuel .
By doing this I was finally able to gain my freedom . "
Kim settled down to a peaceful and anonymous life in Canada with her husband and two children , but in 1995 she was traced by another journalist and the picture was splashed across the front page of the Toronto Sun .
" I wanted to escape the picture because the more famous it got , the more it cost me my private life .
It seemed to me that my picture would not let me go , " she says .
However , the realisation came to her she did not have to remain an unwilling victim .
The photo was , in fact , a powerful gift that she could use to help promote peace .
" I realised that now that I have freedom and am in a free country , I can take control of that picture , " she says .
' Impressive woman '
This idea led her to establish the Kim Phuc Foundation , which provides medical and psychological assistance to child victims of war .
Chris continued with ITN for another three years as defence correspondent , covering amongst other things the Yom Kippur War and the invasion of Cyprus .
Later he moved to the BBC .
He retired in 1999 and never expected to see Kim again .
" At the time , it was just another story , though an appalling one .
It was certainly the worst thing I ever saw .
" Later , when interest was rekindled , I felt that Kim was being used .
That was why 10 years ago I declined a proposed on - screen reunion with her on the Oprah Winfrey Show - it sounded exploitative . "
Now , having met Kim , he 's changed his mind , and no longer thinks of her as a victim of that picture .
" Despite everything that has happened to her , and all she 's endured , she 's become a very impressive woman . "
A selection of your comments :
Whenever I hear reference to Vietnam , it is that picture that immediately springs to mind .
It is this picture that symbolises how it is always the innocent that suffer .
But , thanks to Christopher Wain , and many more like him , some faith in humanity is restored .
Jill Brennan , Snodland , Kent , UK
It is how you want to live your life that counts .
If Kim wanted to she would have lived the life of a victim all her life , She chose otherwise .
At first i did not want to read this report now i am glad i did .
Reading sad stories depresses you but Kim has triumphed over her own loss .
She is an example to others
Anil Dsouza , Doha- Qatar
As an 88 year old war veteran the picture has haunted me for many a year .
Thank you SO VERY
Much for running this feature of the survival of this girl .
I can now look at the picture in a new light and - as I have always believed that there IS a God albeit such suffering in this world .
Cliff Billen , Weymouth Dorset UK
An amazing story , not just of a woman who overcame her history and turned it around for good , but of the amazing man who showed her such compassion and was still concerned about her being abused ( at the the hands of the media ) so many years later .
Two people of remarkable integrity , who exhibit what is best in the human race despite meeting in horrendous circumstances .
Heather Williams , Stockport , UK I saw the photo on the news stand when it was published .
It fueled my antiwar feelings .
I demonstrated against the Vietnam War .
As an artist , I can never erase that image from my mind .
It is almost as powerful to view all these years later .
I am pleased she grew up and is happy , working for peace .
I regret my country 's policies in Vietnam and all around the world .
Sanda Aronson , NYC, US
The above picture makes me cry every time I see it .
The despair and fear in those childrens eyes .
It is good to know that Kim is , in spite of still being in pain , alive and happy .
God bless her and Chris too !
Linda J , Essex , UK Kim Phuc is a truly remarkable woman having endured such a horrific experience and injury and then going on to achieve so much for her cause .
Her story is a perfect example of the futility of war , the harm it does to all of us and the inevitable solution of peace by non-violent means .
Humans can be the most barbaric of any species .
Will we never learn ?
John MacKenzie , West Sussex
A moving story .
I distinctly remember how shocked I was seeing the picture , being a kid myself in 1972 .
One cannot bear to think of all the pain ( physical and psychological ) this woman must have endured since that day , like so many victims .
Let alone to think of all the innocent people who have perished all the useless wars .
Lieven Vermeulen , Gijzenzele , Belgium I was 14 when this image hit the screens and newspapers and it's an image I can conjure up anytime .
It 's a potent symbol of the horrors and futility of war .
For all the pain she suffered , Kim has come to terms with it all and deserves our lasting respect and admiration .
Steven , Attard , Malta Horrific Yesterday , role Model today .
Men rewrite history through determination .
This is a clear indication that the past could help in shaping a bright future .
Every victim can indeed become a victor .
Kudos to Chris and all the likes who saw today yesterday and offered help when needed most .
I 'm sure Chris feel good too .
Adetokunbo Adeyemo , Fujairah / UAE
Out of tradegy has come a triumph for bravery , determination and sheer inner strength .
I applaud you Kim and all you have strived for the sake of a normal life .
Your story should empower the human race to better things and a better undersnding of just how lucky some of us are !!!!!!!
shame on anyone not moved to tears by your extrordinary strength and I commend chris wain foir all his endeavours
steve Hyland , portsmouth uk Words escape me at the thought of how human endurance can seemingly overcome hell on earth .
Lets not forget all of the children still suffering around the globe today through war .
Jeremy , London Wow .. what a story .. chris and his team , deserve a special award for their action ... that picture reminded me of the picture of a chinese protester , standing before a tank , in tianamen square .... CHRIS , you are indeed a star
kenneth ndukuba , london , united kingdom I was 20 years old at the time and remember the images vividly ........... It made me feel ashamed of my fellow human beings .......... It is an image that will echo through the ages .
Paul Thomas , Doncaster Very interesting .
I learnt about the picture at my photography class .
was wondering if the girl was still alive ... now i know : )
Samantha M , India
Well done BBC for pointing out that it was SOUTH VIETNAMESE aircraft dropping napalm on Vietnamese civilians , not the USA .
As with all civil wars there are no ' good ' or ' bad ' guys just victims .
The South bombed their own people when the North took over the villagers and the North executed anyone who was n't " politically reliable "
Peter , Notts
The attack was co-ordinated by the USA Peter , so your point is moot .
Kim met with and publically forgave one of the Americans who believed he had co-ordinated it .
Tracey , London , UK
An amazing story of an incredible woman .
Could someone still defend comunism ?
Could someone still defend the interference of USA in other countries no matter the excuse ?
Great story .
Alejandro Armesto , Buenos Aires , Argentina Kim is an inspiration to us all , and is the ideal role model for today 's young people .
I remember seeing the pictures at the time and being horrified , and am so glad she has managed to have a good happy life despite the constant pain .
Good on you Kim !
Rebecca Joynes , Tavistock UK
" Well done BBC for pointing out that it was SOUTH VIETNAMESE aircraft dropping napalm on Vietnamese civilians , not the USA . "
Yes , but ...
The US dropped plenty of napalm on Vietnam ; it was the US which pioneered its use in warfare and who then manufactured it for that purpose ; the US has not signed the UN protocol banning its use against civilians ; where do you think the South Vietnamese acquired their napalm ?
rsmatthews , Vimoutiers , France
As with ALL conflicts it is the innocent who suffer the most .
To look at the faces of the soldiers compared to the faces of the children is something which is quite haunting .
Andrew Vos , London
Would any news channel show these pictures today ?
As embedded reporters , they would only be allowed to show what the military allowed them to see .
Examples of this are the lack of coverage of civilian deaths in Iraq and Afghanistan
nick , london
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Get the stories that matter to you sent straight to your inbox with our daily newsletter .
Subscribe
Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
A MAN who punched a nightclub bouncer was fined £ 130 at Kilmarnock Sheriff Court this week .
William Cree , 25 , of Newlands Drive , Kilmarnock , pleaded guilty to punching the man on the head at the Villa in the town ’s Foregate on November 16 .
The court heard that he became abusive towards stewards as he was being removed from the club and punched one of them on the head .
An agent for the accused said that Cree had been drinking heavily .
“ He does not remember very much about it , ” said the solicitor .
Here 's a little more out of the Dell camp following last week 's insane smartphone leak of the Thunder and Looking Glass , along with the Streak ( Dell Mini 5 ) .
The roadmap we 've obtained shows a few new items , including the " Sparta " netbook tablet and " Athens , " a 0.9 - kilogram " true netbook " , both of which appear to fall under the 11 - inch category or so , with an ARM processor , optional 3G , WiFi and Bluetooth .
There 's also the LG Pro , which looks to be the 7 - inch Looking Glass with a high - definition screen and digital TV .
Also note that the Streak appears slated for T - Mobile ( confirming an earlier report ) and Vodafone , and a Chinese version is in the works as well .
Judging from the roadmap , we could see the Streak as early as next month , August for the Sparta , and the Athens in the fall -- let 's just hope Dell does n't let such sexy Android hardware fall by the wayside .
My experiences in programming for or using [ F]OSS and related software .
One of the curious aspects of IPCC peer review procedure is that the ultimate authority for accepting or rejecting comments by peer reviewers rests with the IPCC authors , as opposed to the Review Editors .
Review Editors are supposed to see that authors respond to Review Comments , but do n’t follow up to see that it ’s actually done .
Here ’s a strange example in the AR4 Medieval Warm Period Box – the one which Overpeck ( 483 .
1105978592.txt ) described in January 2005 as follows :
Hi all – attached is Keith ’s MWP box w/ my edits .
It reads just great – much like a big hammer .
Nice job .
Overpeck liked the metaphor and in a June email ( 537 .
1119924849.txt ) talked of using the MWP Box “ to hammer in one more nail ” and again in July ( 550 .
1121686753.txt ) talked of “ hammering home ” their MWP message – language that caused even Briffa ( 551 .
1121721126.txt ) to worry about Overpeck ’s intonations .
One of the blocks in Overpeck ’s beloved MWP Box was Hughes and Diaz ( 1994 ) , who had challenged the concept of a MWP early on .
The MWP Box cited Hughes and Diaz 1994 favorably as follows :
A later study , based on examination of more quantitative evidence , in which efforts were made to control for accurate dating and specific temperature response , concluded that it was not possible to say anything other than “ … in some areas of the Globe , for some part of the year , relatively warm conditions may have prevailed ” ( Hughes and Diaz , 1994 ) .
However , there were some important issues about whether Hughes and Diaz 1994 actually proved their point – in particular , whether their tree ring chronologies preserved any centennial variance .
Remarkably , Jan Esper and I , in our capacity as AR4 reviewers were in complete agreement on this point .
Esper commented on this language in the AR4 First Draft as follows :
6-1281 A 28:21 28:24
I guess , I am a bit skeptical about the Hughes and Diaz ( 1994 ) paper , since it is conceptually similar to the Soon and Baliunas study , and even more importantly , the paper was published before the whole discussion on the preservation of low frequency trends in long tree - ring records really started .
An evaluation of detrending techniques applied to tree - ring data and the consequences on retained low frequency variations would likely alter the main conclusions of the Hughes and Diaz paper .
So , I think that the paper is in some sense outdated .
[ Jan Esper ]
IPCC ( i.e. Briffa ) stated that they “ in large part accepted ” the observation :
Noted – and in large part accepted .
Will considered amending text to reflect this .
I made essentially the same point as follows :
6-1282 A 28:21 28:23 Hughes and Diaz [ 1994 ] uses proxy series which do not capture centennial trends .
It is not usable .
[ Stephen McIntyre ]
While they “ in large part accepted ” the point as made by Esper , with me that merely said that the point was “ taken into account ” :
Taken into account – will elaborate
Despite these undertakings , the language in the Second Draft was word - for - word identical to the language in the First Draft , reading as follows :
A later study , based on examination of more quantitative evidence , in which efforts were made to control for accurate dating and specific temperature response , concluded that it was not possible to say anything other than “ … in some areas of the Globe , for some part of the year , relatively warm conditions may have prevailed ” ( Hughes and Diaz , 1994 ) .
Esper did n’t submit comments on the Second Draft .
I re-iterated the comment from the First Draft , this time citing Esper ’s First Draft comment as additional authority :
6-1139 B 28:56 28:56 Nearly all of the Hughes and Diaz [ 1994 ] proxy series have been processed in a way which do not capture centennial trends e.g. the Guiot series and the Serre - Bachet series , the Polar Urals version of Graybill and Shiyatov .
In his comment on the FOD , Esper also pointed out that he was “ skeptical ” about the Hughes - Diaz paper for the same reason .
It is irrelevant and should not be used as supposedly refuting Lamb .
[ Stephen McIntyre ( Reviewer ’s comment ID # : 309-35 ) ]
This time the comment was rejected out of hand .
Rejected – the citation is a correct one and uses considerably more ( and more recent ) data than the reviewer refers to .
It is not irrelevant .
The issue was whether the Hughes - Diaz chronologies had any centennial variance : they do n’t .
IPCC ’s answer is unresponsive to the criticism – which remains valid .
In the final AR4 report , the language was word for word identical to the First Draft :
A later study , based on examination of more quantitative evidence , in which efforts were made to control for accurate dating and specific temperature response , concluded that it was not possible to say anything other than ‘… in some areas of the Globe , for some part of the year , relatively warm conditions may have prevailed ’ ( Hughes and Diaz , 1994 ) .
Red Bull have been the last of the top teams to debut their f-duct .
Like Ferrari they have had to engineer the set up into a chassis not designed to route the ducting through the cockpit .
From this image from WRI2 .
net we can see the duct is far more complex than a simple tube from the cockpit to the rear wing .
In Red Bulls case and similar to Ferraris solution , the duct is fed from the roll hoop and then goes into a split duct , one section leading to the rear wings flap and one which passes under the wing .
This lower duct appears to be the default route for the air , before the driver engages the duct .
Air simply passes under the rear wing for no effect .
There is also a part of the circuit that routes into the cockpit to be closed off by the driver to control the airflow through the circuit .
whats curious is that the duct appears to be linked to the airbox , this might be a simple mounting point or some influence from the positive pressure inside the airbox .
Red Bull have decided not to use their duct for this weekends race .
Response to Intervention : What It Is , and How It Can Help Your Child
Response to Intervention : What It Is , and How It Can Help Your Child
Response to Intervention : What It Is , and How It Can Help Your Child
Here are five ways learn about the Response - to - Intervention process .
( CNN ) -- Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan announced Sunday he was heading to Iran to join nuclear talks in Tehran involving Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva and Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
The meeting in Tehran sought to reach a breakthrough in the showdown over Iran 's nuclear program , according to Erdogan .
The last - minute trip followed a " signal " from the talks , which are intended to resolve the dispute over Iran 's nuclear energy program , Erdogan told reporters before departing .
Erdogan indicated the signal involved Iran 's agreement to swap its low - enriched uranium for nuclear fuel , CNN Turk reported .
Erdogan said he hoped an agreement in Tehran would stop the U.N. Security Council from its negotiations on tougher sanctions on Iran .
" The Security Council was contemplating a step in the direction of sanctions as of yesterday , " Erdogan said .
" As a part of our talks , this has been postponed .
Now with this step we are going to take , I hope that we will have the opportunity to overcome these problems . "
Iran 's official Islamic Republic News Agency made no mention of the nuclear issue in reporting earlier that Lula was sitting down with Ahmadinejad .
But French President Nicolas Sarkozy and President Dmitry Medvedev of Russia both have said they back Lula 's efforts to resolve the long - running , high - stakes stalemate .
" This could be the last chance before the U.N. Security Council makes the already known decisions , " Medvedev said , referring to the U.N. decision on imposing sanctions against Iran .
Sarkozy said earlier that he had spoken with Lula by phone to assure him that Paris supports his efforts to resolve the impasse .
The United States and many other countries believe that Iran intends to develop nuclear weapons .
Iran says its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes .
On Saturday , Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu left for Tehran to join the Iran - Brazil talks .
Erdogan said Sunday the anticipated signal from Iran was received and he was changing his schedule to travel to Tehran , postponing a planned visit to Azerbaijan .
Erdogan 's statement indicated an agreement in which Iran would send most of its low - enriched uranium to be turned into fuel rods suitable for Turkey 's nuclear power reactor that makes medical isotopes .
" After our high - level meeting in Tehran , I believe we will have the opportunity to start the process regarding the swap , " Erdogan said .
" We said that we will go to Tehran if the swap takes place in Turkey , and we received news that the text includes a reference to this .
That 's why we are going .
Otherwise we would n't have gone . "
Turkey and Brazil have been working on a joint offer based on the nuclear swap deal offered previously to Tehran .
Both countries are temporary members of the U.N. Security Council and have been working toward a diplomatic solution that does not involve sanctions .
Lula is in Iran ahead of the Group of 15 developing nations meeting in Tehran .
The group actually has 17 members -- Algeria , Argentina , Brazil , Chile , Egypt , India , Indonesia , Iran , Jamaica , Kenya , Malaysia , Mexico , Nigeria , Senegal , Sri Lanka , Venezuela and Zimbabwe .
Lula also met separately with Iranian Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei on his trip , according to Iranian media reports .
State - run Press TV reported Khameini emphasized to Lula the need for relations between independent states such as Brazil and Iran in order to reduce the influence of superpowers such as the United States .
" The only way to change the oppressive relations in the world today is through the formation of closer ties between independent states , " Khameini said , according to Press TV .
" Superpowers have defined vertical relations in the world which places a superpower at the top .
These relations must be changed and their change is possible . "
Lanserer krisefond for å redde euroen
- Vi vil forsvare euroen , uansett hva som må til , sier EU - kommisjonens president Jose Barroso .
Vis mer byoutline KURT HAUGLI
Publisert : Oppdatert : 8 . mai 2010 15:15 , Publisert : 8 . mai 2010 14:48
Lederne for de 16 eurolandene er blitt enige om å etablere et krisefond for å stanse effekten av spredningen av de greske gjeldsproblemene , ifølge nyhetsbyrået Bloomberg .
Planen er å ha et overbevisende fond på plass før de asiatiske markedene åpner igjen , sent søndag kveld etter europeisk tid .
Euroen falt denne uken 4,3 prosent , til det svakeste nivået på over et år .
Les også : Svakeste euro på 14 måneder
Sarko : - Betydelig
Det blir ikke opplyst hvor stort stabiliseringsfondet skal være , men pengene skal skaffes ved hjelp av garantier stilt av de nasjonale myndighetene i de andre eurolandene .
Finansministrene i de 16 landene skal møtes søndag ettermiddag i Brussel for å bli enige om detaljene , og det er planlagt en pressekonferanse søndag kveld der det blir gitt mer informasjon .
Statslederne er imidlertid godt fornøyd med egen innsats i lørdagens møte .
- Når handelen åpner mandag vil vi ha på plass en mekanisme for å forsvare euroen .
Hvis du ikke syns det er betydelig har du ikke vært på mange EU - toppmøter , sa Frankrikes president Nicolas Sarkozy .
Les også : Hellas - krisen for " dummies "
Krever strengere håndheving
Tysklands kansler Angela Merkel brukte møtet på å ta opp igjen tyske krav om strengere overvåking av budsjettunderskuddene til landene som deltar i valutasamarbeidet .
I utformingen av reglene for eurosonen på 90 - tallet ble også dette foreslått av Tyskland , men da vant de ikke gjennom .
Etter 11 år der landene har lovt hverandre at statsunderskuddene skal begrenses til tre prosent av bruttonasjonalproduktet anslås det at underskuddene i gjennomsnitt vil ende på 6,6 prosent i 2010 og 6,1 prosent i 2011 .
Blant forslagene som nå utredes av EU - kommisjonen er et eget europeisk kredittratingbyrå .
Les flere nyheter på E24.no
Carlo Ancelotti will allow Didier Drogba to decide whether he is fit enough to play on this season .
Blues will not force strike ace to play through the pain barrier
Big brother
Chelsea boss Carlo Ancelotti will allow Didier Drogba to decide whether he is fit enough to play on this season .
The Ivorian striker is currently nursing a groin injury , and may yet require surgery in order to cure the ailment .
He was in obvious discomfort throughout the Blues ' 2 - 1 defeat at local rivals Tottenham on Saturday , but was unable to be replaced in the second half as Ancelotti had used all of his substitutes .
Drogba is now in danger of inflaming the problem and ruling himself out of action for a prolonged period of time .
With the World Cup fast approaching , that is not something he wants to do .
He now faces a quandary : either play on with Chelsea and help fire them to the Premier League title or take a well - earned rest and avoid further injury .
Ancelotti is unsure as to what his talismanic frontman will decide , but is happy to support him whichever way he goes .
" It 's his decision , " said the Italian .
" He does n't have a big problem .
It 's more about controlling the situation .
" He 'll take a decision at the end of the season , whether he has surgery or not .
But it 's not sure he 'll have surgery .
" One man hoping Drogba remains part of the first - team picture is his countryman Salomon Kalou , with the African ace of the opinion that he is benefitting from working with the experienced striker day in , day out .
" Every time I have the chance to work with him I listen to what he has to say - he is very important to me , " said Kalou .
" When you 're talking about strikers in the game today , Didier is one of the best and I want to take advantage of this opportunity to learn from him .
" Didier is like a big brother to me .
First of all we come from the same country and that makes us closer .
" He still takes me to one side at training and gives me tips .
We are always working in front of the goal .
He is always so sharp in front of the net and I want to improve that side of my game .
" I can improve and develop every season by playing with him .
Didier this year has been very important for the club , like every year .
" He has an amazing goal - scoring record for Chelsea and as a player it is a level I want to reach .
I 'm taking it step by step but I am trying to get in the team regularly first . "
Things are apparently getting tetchy between Zynga , creator of FarmVille and Mafia Wars , and Facebook , host site of said games .
A bunch of sources informed TechCrunch that the relationship is currently “ intense . ”
In fact , things have reportedly got so bad that sources are predicting Zynga will walk out on Facebook , and take its highly profitable children with it .
The root of this enmity lies in Facebook ’s decision to place limitations on Zynga messaging users , and its decision to use “ Facebook Credits ” as its exclusive payment platform for Zynga ’s games ; Facebook takes a 30 % tax from all Facebook Credits it sells , which is apparently grating somewhat with Zynga .
Where would the likes of FarmVille and Mafia Wars go in the event of a divorce ?
Well , the company already has plans , if one leaked internal mail is correct .
Apparently , Zynga CEO Mark Pincus is planning to launch Zynga Live , a new social gaming network dedicated to the likes of FarmVille and Mafia Wars .
Zynga has declined to comment on any of this , but Facebook did reach out with some typically bland corporate speak :
“ We have conversations with our large developers all the time and we do n’t typically comment on specific discussions .
But generally , our priority is to ensure a quality experience for Facebook users while fostering an innovative and dynamic environment that offers meaningful opportunities for all developers on Facebook Platform . ”
[ Via TechCrunch ]
Opinion polls are n't the only way to get a sense of the issues , parties and personalities that people are interested in during this election .
Taking a look at what people are searching for online can provide an interesting counterpoint to the more traditional measures .
Certain developments lend themselves more to this kind of measurement than others and the recent party leaders ' debate is a perfect example .
Insights for Search is a tool Google designed to allow users to compare the popularity of different terms in searches – ie what people are looking for – and all of the graphs in this piece were created with it .
Google 's more precise explanation can be found here .
( One of the limitations of these tools is the lag that accompanies them .
All these graphs measure up to Friday 16 April , the day after the leaders ' debate took place .
I have also narrowed down their focus to UK traffic .
It will be interesting to look back in a few days time to see whether the initial trends stand up in the longer term . )
The obvious starting point is a direct comparison of the three leaders ' names over the past month .
Here we immediately see the stark impact of the leaders ' debate .
Up to and beyond the debate , Cameron and Brown shared a similar level of search traffic , with the Tory leader holding a slight advantage .
It 's also telling that search interest in Clegg continued to rise on the day after the debate while his opponents ' share dropped away .
Clegg 's relative anonymity before the event obviously plays its part here - people are more likely to search for clarification when they feel they need it - but it does n't detract from the fact that a significant number of people chose to actively seek out information about the Liberal Democrat leader and presumably came away more informed .
Just as Clegg himself is keen not to get carried away with this sudden boost in interest , it 's worth placing the trend in a wider context .
Compared to one of the biggest and most sudden search spikes of the year , the recent eruption of the volcano in Iceland , Clegg 's burst is dwarfed but still registers .
Accurately measuring the increase in search volume for the three parties is a far more imprecise affair because of the range of possible terms ( Conservatives , Conservative party , Liberal Democrats , Lib Dems ) and their common wider use ( particularly conservative and labour ) .
As a result , this graph needs to be looked at with a critical eye .
There is no doubting the bump Clegg 's performance had on associated searches for " Liberal Democrats " , however .
A final , tangential note : interest in Clegg over the past year compared to Vince Cable may surprise you .
The media line that the shadow chancellor eclipses the party leader in the public consciousness is slightly undermined by this graph which shows a slight but consistent lead in search volume for Clegg .
The one exception comes with the shadow chancellors ' debate , after which Cable 's name received a boost in search traffic .
I agreed with much of Roy Greenslade 's recent take on the real value of the internet in this election campaign .
But in a three - way competition and with the Lib Dems reliant on the youth vote to create a genuine upset , the internet may play a more crucial role than we assumed .
Toyota 's shares have now lost about 22 % of their value since 21 January Shares in Toyota have hit their lowest level for 10 months on the Tokyo Stock Exchange with continuing concern about the safety of the company 's vehicles .
The world 's biggest carmaker has recalled 8 million vehicles globally because of problems with defective accelerator pedals on seven models .
It is also investigating reports of faulty brakes on its Prius hybrid car .
Analysts say the lost sales and repairs could cost Toyota $ 2bn ( £ 1.3bn ) .
It is due to report quarterly earnings later .
At a Congressional hearing on Wednesday , US Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood alarmed both investors and consumers with the advice , which he later retracted , that owners of a recalled Toyota should " stop driving it " .
He later said : " What I said in there was obviously a misstatement .
What I meant to say ... was if you own one of these cars or if you 're in doubt , take it to the dealer and they 're going to fix it . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Mr LaHood vowed that in the meantime his department would " continue to hold Toyota 's feet to the fire to make sure that they are doing everything they have promised to make their vehicles safe " .
He also repeated that they were studying the possibility of civil penalties against Toyota for safety violations , which could mean fines of millions of dollars .
Both he and his Japanese counterpart have ordered the company to investigate complaints of brake problems with the Prius and have not ruled out a recall .
Toyota spokeswoman Ririko Takeuchi has said it is aware of 77 complaints about the hybrid in Japan , and about 100 in the US .
Third - quarter results A day after falling 5.7 % , Toyota shares fell a further 3.5 % on the Tokyo Stock Exchange on Thursday morning and hit their lowest level for 10 months .
UK RECALLED MODELS February 2005 - August 2009 AYGO November 2008 - November 2009 iQ November 2005 - September 2009 Yaris October 2006 - 5 January 2010 Auris October 2006 - December 2009 Corolla February 2009 - 5 Jan 2010 Verso November 2008 - December 2009 Avensis
Q&A : Toyota recall US - listed Toyota shares ended Wednesday trading down 6 % or 4.69 cents to 73.49 cents , continuing the falls of recent days .
The TSE shares have now lost about 22 % of their value , or some $ 30bn , since 21 January , when the company announced the recall of some 2.3 million vehicles in the US amid concerns that their accelerator pedals could become stuck .
It is also recalling up to 1.8 million cars across Europe , including 180,865 in the UK .
The seven models being recalled in Europe are the Aygo , iQ , Yaris , Auris , Corolla , Verso , and Avensis , and cover manufacturing dates going back to February 2005 .
In the US , they are the RAV4 , Corollas , Matrix , Avalons , Camrys , Highlander , Tundra , and Sequoia , and cover dates going back to October 2005 .
The parts needed to repair the cars will not arrive in the UK until next week , with the first repairs scheduled for Wednesday .
Toyota says the process , which should only be carried out by its dealers , takes around half an hour .
The Corolla is one of the models involved in the recall
The carmaker said it was not aware of any accidents resulting from the issue and that only 26 incidents involving accelerator pedals had been reported in Europe .
Last year , Toyota was forced to recall about 5 million cars worldwide over problems with floor mats trapping pedals .
All eyes are now on its third - quarter results announcement later in Tokyo , at which it is widely expected to reduce what most analysts deemed an excessively conservative operating loss forecast of $ 3.85 bn .
Before Toyota expanded the vehicle recalls last month , analysts had expected a return to profits in the next financial year .
Have you experienced similar problems with the accelerator of your Toyota ?
You can get in touch with us using the form below : Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Annie Oakley was probably the most famous marksman / woman in the world when this short clip was produced in Edison 's Black Maria studio in West Orange , New Jersey .
Barely five feet tall , Annie was always associated with the wild west , although she was born in 1860 as Phoebe Ann Oakley Mozee ( or Moses ) in Darke County , Ohio .
Nevertheless , she was a staple in the Buffalo Bill Wild West Show and similar wild west companies .
Because of her diminutive stature , she was billed as " Little Sure Shot . "
The man assisting her is this appearance is probably her husband , Frank E. Butler .
Annie had outshot Butler ( a famous dead - eye marksman himself ) in a shooting contest in the 1880's .
Instead of nursing his bruised ego because he had been throughly outgunned by a woman , Butler fell in love , married Little Sure Shot , and became her manager .
Theirs was a solid and happy marriage that lasted 44 years , and when Annie died on November 3 , 1926 , at age 66 , a heartbroken Butler followed her to the grave 18 days later .
Credits
The Library of Congress , Motion Picture , Broadcasting , and Recorded Sound Division - http://memory.loc.gov/ammem/index.html
Addeddate 2007-04-17 10:02:12
Color black and white Identifier AnnieOakley Run time :20 Sound silent Year 1894
Today 's ROFL is n't exactly funny , but it is bizarre , awe - inspiring , and a little frightening .
Here are three cases of DIY surgery .
And we are n't talking about removing an ingrown nail ; these are major surgeries .
Although the excerpts of each article are longer than our usual fare , they are definitely worth reading !
Auto - appendectomy in the Antarctic : case report " The ship Ob , with the sixth Soviet Antarctic expedition on board , sailed from Leningrad on 5 November 1960 .
After 36 days at sea she decanted part of the expedition onto the ice shelf on the Princess Astrid Coast .
Their task was to build a new Antarctic polar base inland at Schirmacher Oasis and overwinter there .
After nine weeks , on 18 February 1961 , the new base , called Novolazarevskaya , was opened ... One of the expedition ’s members was the 27 year old Leningrad surgeon Leonid Ivanovich Rogozov .
He had interrupted a promising scholarly career and left on the expedition shortly before he was due to defend his dissertation on new methods of operating on cancer of the oesophagus .
In the Antarctic he was first and foremost the team ’s doctor , although he also served as the meteorologist and the driver of their terrain vehicle .
After several weeks Rogozov fell ill .
He noticed symptoms of weakness , malaise , nausea , and , later , pain in the upper part of his abdomen , which shifted to the right lower quadrant .
His body temperature rose to 37.5°C .
Rogozov wrote in his diary : " It seems that I have appendicitis .
I am keeping quiet about it , even smiling .
Why frighten my friends ?
Who could be of help ?
A polar explorer ’s only encounter with medicine is likely to have been in a dentist ’s chair . "
All the available conservative treatment was applied ( antibiotics , local cooling ) , but the patient ’s general condition was getting worse : his body temperature rose , vomiting became more frequent .
" I did not sleep at all last night .
It hurts like the devil !
A snowstorm whipping through my soul , wailing like a hundred jackals .
Still no obvious symptoms that perforation is imminent , but an oppressive feeling of foreboding hangs over me ...
This is it ... I have to think through the only possible way out : to operate on myself ... It ’s almost impossible ... but I ca n’t just fold my arms and give up ...
The guys have found out .
They keep coming by to calm me down .
And I ’m upset with myself — I ’ve spoiled everyone ’s holiday .
Tomorrow is May Day .
And now everyone ’s running around , preparing the autoclave .
We have to sterilise the bedding , because we ’re going to operate .
Following Rogozov ’s instructions , the team members assembled an improvised operating theatre .
They moved everything out of Rogozov ’s room , leaving only his bed , two tables , and a table lamp .
The aerologists Fedor Kabot and Robert Pyzhov flooded the room thoroughly with ultraviolet lighting and sterilised the bed linen and instruments .
As well as Rogozov , the meteorologist Alexandr Artemev , the mechanic Zinovy Teplinsky , and the station director , Vladislav Gerbovich , were selected to undergo a sterile wash .
Rogozov explained how the operation would proceed and assigned them tasks : Artemev would hand him instruments ;
Teplinsky would hold the mirror and adjust the lighting with the table lamp ; Gerbovich was there in reserve , in case nausea overcame either of the assistants .
In the event that Rogozov lost consciousness , he instructed his team how to inject him with drugs using the syringes he had prepared and how to provide artificial ventilation .
Then he gave Artemev and Teplinsky a surgical wash himself , disinfected their hands , and put on their rubber gloves for them .
When the preparations were complete Rogozov scrubbed and positioned himself .
He chose a semi- reclining position , with his right hip slightly elevated and the lower half of the body elevated at an angle of 30° .
Then he disinfected and dressed the operating area .
He anticipated needing to use his sense of touch to guide him and thus decided to work without gloves ... The operation began at 2 am local time .
Rogozov first infiltrated the layers of abdominal wall with 20 ml of 0.5 % procaine , using several injections .
After 15 minutes he made a 10 - 12 cm incision .
The visibility in the depth of the wound was not ideal ; sometimes he had to raise his head to obtain a better view or to use the mirror , but for the most part he worked by feel .
After 30 - 40 minutes Rogozov started to take short breaks because of general weakness and vertigo .
Finally he removed the severely affected appendix .
He applied antibiotics in the peritoneal cavity and closed the wound .
The operation itself lasted an hour and 45 minutes .
Partway through , Gerbovich called in Yuri Vereshchagin to take photographs of the operation .
Gerbovich wrote in his diary that night : " When Rogozov had made the incision and was manipulating his own innards as he removed the appendix , his intestine gurgled , which was highly unpleasant for us ; it made one want to turn away , flee , not look — but I kept my head and stayed .
Artemev and Teplinsky also held their places , although it later turned out they had both gone quite dizzy and were close to fainting ... Rogozov himself was calm and focused on his work , but sweat was running down his face and he frequently asked Teplinsky to wipe his forehead . . .
The operation ended at 4 am local time .
By the end , Rogozov was very pale and obviously tired , but he finished everything off . "
Within two weeks he was able to return to his normal duties and to his diary .
" I did n’t permit myself to think about anything other than the task at hand .
It was necessary to steel myself , steel myself firmly and grit my teeth .
In the event that I lost consciousness , I ’d given Sasha Artemev a syringe and shown him how to give me an injection .
I chose a position half sitting .
I explained to Zinovy Teplinsky how to hold the mirror .
My poor assistants !
At the last minute I looked over at them : they stood there in their surgical whites , whiter than white themselves .
I was scared too .
But when I picked up the needle with the novocaine and gave myself the first injection , somehow I automatically switched into operating mode , and from that point on I did n’t notice anything else .
" I worked without gloves .
It was hard to see .
The mirror helps , but it also hinders — after all , it ’s showing things backwards .
I work mainly by touch .
The bleeding is quite heavy , but I take my time — I try to work surely .
Opening the peritoneum , I injured the blind gut and had to sew it up .
Suddenly it flashed through my mind : there are more injuries here and I did n’t notice them ... I grow weaker and weaker , my head starts to spin .
Every 4 - 5 minutes I rest for 20 - 25 seconds .
Finally , here it is , the cursed appendage !
With horror I notice the dark stain at its base .
That means just a day longer and it would have burst and --
At the worst moment of removing the appendix I flagged : my heart seized up and noticeably slowed ; my hands felt like rubber .
Well , I thought , it ’s going to end badly .
And all that was left was removing the appendix ... And then I realised that , basically , I was already saved . "
Do it to yourself section .
The Kane surgery .
" Dr. Evan O'Neill Kane , chief surgeon of Kane Summit Hospital , performed an operation upon himself for chronic appendicitis this forenoon .
Sitting on the operating table propped up by pillows and with a nurse holding his head forward that he might see , he calmly cut into his abdomen , carefully dissecting the tissues and closing the blood vessels as he worked his way in .
Locating the appendix , he pulled it up , cut it off and bent the stump under .
Dr. Kane is 60 years old and has operated in nearly 4,000 appendicitis cases .
Nor is he a stranger in the field of self - operating , as he has amputated one of his own fingers two years ago .
The operation today was witnessed by his brother , Dr. Tom L. Kane , and two other physicians , besides nurses .
He went as far with the operation as he ever does with a case , allowing his assistants to close the wound ...
He told the Times reporter that he did this self - surgery to demonstrate the safety both of local anesthesia for a " major operation " and of appendectomy ...
This time , he had operated on himself the day before [ Jan 7 , 1932 ] for an inguinal hernia ( which followed an injury he had suffered while riding horseback ) .
Apparently , " Dr. Kane , who is hale and hearty for his age ( 70 ) , smiled throughout this operation " .
" The legend beneath the photograph reads as follows : ' A dramatic picture , this ...
Dr. Kane , 70 , joked with these nurses as he plied knife .
In 1921 , he removed his own appendix .
Wotta man ! ' "
Self - inflicted cesarean section with maternal and fetal survival .
" An unusual case of self - inflicted cesarean section with maternal and child survival is presented .
No similar event was found in an Internet literature search .
Because of a lack of medical assistance and a history of fetal death in utero , a 40 - year - old multiparous woman unable to deliver herself alone vaginally sliced her abdomen and uterus and delivered her child .
She was transferred to a hospital where she underwent repair of the incisions and had to remain hospitalized .
Mother and child survived the event .
Unusual and extraordinary measures to preserve their offspring sometimes moves women to extreme decisions endangering their own lives .
Social , educational , and health measures should be instituted all over the world , particularly in rural areas of developing countries , to avoid such extreme events . "
Additional details ( including quotes from the mother ) can be found in this news article
. Related content : Discoblog : NCBI ROFL : Bad news : you have a tumor .
Good news : it ’s really cute !
Discoblog : NCBI ROFL : Are you having a seizure ?
Quick , smell my shoe !
Discoblog : NCBI ROFL : That ’s one miraculous conception .
WTF is NCBI ROFL ?
Read our FAQ
!
Prison medical staff tried to revive him until ambulance officers arrived , however he died at the scene .
Carl Williams
An autopsy will be conducted to see if Williams died as a direct result of the attack or due to a heart attack .
There are conflicting reports from police and Corrections officials over where the deadly attack took place .
Williams was attacked by two prisoners while in a shared common room .
However , deputy corrections commissioner Rod Wise told a separate media conference that the men shared an exercise yard and a day room in the Acacia complex .
When asked where the attack took place , he said it did not occur in the exercise yard .
Mr Wise said the attack was captured on security footage .
Two inmates are being questioned by homicide squad detectives .
A prison officer was about 10 metres away when the incident occurred , corrections officials said .
Mr Wise said Williams was housed in a unit with two other inmates who have been placed in a secure area .
The three men were allowed to associate with each other for six hours a day , between 8 am and 2 pm , but were not always supervised .
‘‘ There are times when they are supervised , there are times when they are not , ’’ Mr Wise said .
When asked why Victoria ’s highest - profile inmate was not under constant guard , he said it was " impractical " to provide that level of protection .
He said there was no history of conflict between Williams and the two other prisoners who shared his unit .
Mr Wise said it was " a concern " that a prisoner could be bashed to death while in the state ’s highest security facility , " but no prison environment is without risk " .
Mr Wise said Williams was " regularly supervised by staff " but there was no permanent staffing complement in the unit .
Prison staff found Williams after the bashing , he said .
Sir Ken Jones would not elaborate whether any other prisoners or prison guards were present or whether there was video footage of the incident .
He said a ' ' blunt implement ' ' used in the attack .
When asked whether Williams ’s death would affect any ongoing investigations , Sir Ken said while there were a number of suppression orders in place : “ I 'm not going to rule anything in or out but it does n’t take a genius to work out there will be an impact and as a result of that I ’ve got people working on that . ”
“ Obviously , in view of the history of Carl Williams , we are developing a number of investigations .
Sir Ken said questions whether Carl Williams was adequately supervised at the Acacia unit should be left to Corrections Victoria .
Asked whether he was disappointed at the prison management of Williams , he said it was too early to criticise any agencies .
“ We will be looking at any and all complications ” .
Asked whether he believed Williams ’s death had anything to do with a newspaper report today that Victoria Police had paid his daughter ’s school fees , he said : “ It ’s too early to say ” .
He said that at this stage police are not aware of any threats for the safety of Williams ’ family but “ we are looking at all possible ramifications ” .
Police Minister Bob Cameron said the violent death would be investigated by Victorian Police , the State Coroner and the Office of Correctional Services Review in three separate inquiries .
" I have had a conversation with the chief commissioner this afternoon and he assured me that no stone will be left unturned to get to the bottom of this murder , " Mr Cameron said .
" Simon Overland and police got to the bottom of the gangland wars and they will get to the bottom of this , " he said .
Carl Williams was sentenced to life with a minimum of 35 years in 2007 over four murders during Melbourne 's long - running gangland war .
Detectives will investigate whether the attack was sparked by reports today that police had paid Williams ’ daughter 's school fees .
Two plainclothes police arrived at the home of Williams ’ father , George , in Broadmeadows about 3.10 pm .
The men , believed to be homicide squad detectives , were let into the property by an unknown man .
A friend of George Williams asked a reporter who knocked on the door to leave him alone .
Mourners gathered outside the house abused waiting journalists - one flashed his buttocks and said the media was responsible for Williams ’ death .
One screamed at reporters , accusing the media pack of being ‘‘ animals ’ ’ .
A family friend who said he had known George Williams for 20 years , told waiting media , those gathering at the Williams home ‘‘ still do n’t know what ’s going on ’’ .
‘‘ No one knows .
We have not heard anything .
I heard it on the news .
He had a massive heart attack , that ’s what I heard , ’’ the man said .
‘‘ Now we are getting conflicting [ reports ] .
[ George ] has not been told anything yet [ by prison officials ] .
They have not come out to see him .
The friend said detectives who arrived at the house this afternoon ‘‘ just came out to tell him ‘ you have got counselling if you need it ’ , and all this ’’ .
‘‘ We do n’t know how Carl died or how it happened .
No one knows anything . ’’
Asked if George Williams was angry , the man said : ‘‘ You work it out .
It ’s [ Acacia unit ] supposed to be maximum security , is n’t it . ’’ ‘‘ [ George ] will talk to you when he ’s ready .
’’
When The Age phoned Williams ' ex-wife Roberta this afternoon , an unidentified man who answered the call said “ f--- off , you goose ” before hanging up .
All the shutters at Roberta Williams ’ Essendon house were closed and no one answered the door .
The Age ’s Andrew Rule , co-author of the Underbelly books on which the popular TV series was based , said Williams ’ killing was ‘‘ another episode in a very violent life ’ ’ .
‘‘ He was lucky not to be killed 10 years ago by the Moran brothers , who are now both dead themselves , ’’ he told Radio 3AW .
On the question of who killed Williams and how they got the chance , Rule said there is ‘ ‘a constant threat of opportunism that runs through the minds of violent men in jail ’’ .
Shortly after the news broke this afternoon , underworld figure Mick Gatto said he had heard rumours about Williams ' death but that was all he had heard .
‘‘ I would rather let dead dogs lie , ’’ he said .
‘‘ If you hear any more let me know but I would rather not comment on him . ’’
He said Williams was ‘‘ certainly not ’’ a friend .
Williams , who gained notoriety for his role in Melbourne ’s gangland war , had been on a modified diet and had lost weight since he was sentenced to a minimum of 35 years in 2007 over four murders .
He had one daughter , with former wife Roberta Williams .
In 2007 , he pleaded guilty to murdering Jason Moran in June 2000 , Lewis Moran in March 2004 and Mark Mallia in August 2003 and conspiracy to murder Mario Condello in May - June 2004 .
He had previously been found guilty of the murder of Michael Marshall , killed in October 2003 .
Williams was denied permission to attend the funeral of his mother , Barbara , at the end of 2008 after he was deemed too much of a flight risk .
Loading
His father George was released from Barwon Prison in June last year after serving 20 months for drug trafficking .
with Adrian Lowe , Robyn Grace , Reid Sexton and AAP
A string of corruption scandals led to Ehud Olmert 's resignation as PM Former Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert has been named as a prime suspect in major corruption scandal .
Mr Olmert is accused of taking bribes when he was the mayor of Jerusalem to speed up a controversial residential development in the heart of the city .
Appearing on television , Mr Olmert - who is on trial in another corruption case - denied any involvement and urged people not to jump to conclusions .
His successor as mayor , Uri Lupolianski , was arrested on Wednesday .
A judiciary spokesman said Mr Lupolianski was suspected of receiving bribes , money laundering , fraud , breach of trust , tax avoidance and conspiracy , in connection with the Holyland property development .
The controversial circle of high - rise luxury apartment blocks in West Jerusalem is regarded by many Jerusalem residents as an eyesore .
' Baseless rumours '
Mr Olmert was plagued by multiple corruption scandals while serving as prime minster between 2006 and 2009 - and has so far been indicted over three separate cases .
Police have closed two others .
I was never offered bribes and I never took bribes from anybody in any matter , in any form , either directly or indirectly
Ehud Olmert
Ehud Olmert : Corruption allegations Profile : Ehud Olmert
In a pre-recorded statement shown on television on Thursday , he applauded the decision to lift the court order barring publication of details about the investigation into the " Holyland affair " and denied any wrongdoing .
" I praise the decision to lift the gag order , " he said .
" In any event , my name had appeared throughout the media and nobody had any doubt who was the person mentioned that everybody was talking about . "
Israeli media had reported that a high - ranking official , named only as AA ( the same letters as his initials in Hebrew ) , was alleged to have received , through intermediaries , 3.5 m shekels ( $ 940,000 ) in bribes .
Mr Olmert said the allegations were " baseless rumours " and that he had been the victim of " unprecedented character assassination " .
" I was never offered bribes and I never took bribes from anybody in any matter , in any form , either directly or indirectly , " he added .
" I am ready to be questioned by the police , and I am at their disposition at all times , whenever they consider it useful . "
Many Jerusalem residents regard the Holyland complex as an eyesore Mr Olmert said he had " supported the Holyland project from the start , when it was just three hotels meant to strengthen tourism in Jerusalem " and a number of homes for middle - class non-Orthodox Israelis , but that the plans were changed after he ceased to be mayor in 2003 .
Police say a major change to a zoning law was made to allow residential units rather than just hotels to be built , and that the number of homes in the high - rise development was increased twelvefold after bribes were paid .
Mr Olmert has not yet been questioned by investigators , and no charges have been filed against him or any of the seven people - including Mr Lupolianski and Mr Olmert 's former lawyer , Uri Messer - who have been arrested in connection with what they say is a " vast affair " , of which the Holyland scandal is part .
Police say Mr Lupolianski , an orthodox rabbi who was deputy mayor under Mr Olmert from 1993 to 2003 and then served as mayor himself until 2008 , received more than 3 m shekels ( $ 810,000 ) in bribes from the developers in return for helping to advance the project .
He denies the allegations , telling Channel 10 news on Wednesday : " This was 20 years ago .
I do n't know why everyone suddenly remembers now .
A deputy mayor has no responsibility . "
" The mayor is the one who decides ... who chooses the path . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Updated Microsoft has gone on the defensive over its decision to exclude free video from the next version of Internet Explorer .
With a blog post , IE general manager Dean Hachamovitch dismissed claims that IE 9 will only play HTML5 video built using the patented H.264 codec because Microsoft makes money from licensing H.264 .
H.264 licensees include PC makers , Linux companies , network equipment manufactures , service providers , and companies that build consumer devices .
Hachamovitch claimed that Microsoft is actually losing money on H.264 - which it helped build with Apple and others - because it puts twice as much cash into the body that administers the codec - MPEG LA - than it gets in return .
While painting H.264 as safe and reliable from a licensing perspective - and ubiquitous in today 's market - Hachamovitch stumbled on the key issue of licensing .
He claimed that the " majority of H.264 video content on the web today is royalty - free " but conceded that could change by 2016 , when it would seem that the MPEG LA - meaning Microsoft , Apple and others who helped build H.264 - will review the license .
Hachamovitch also said that IE 9 would support Flash .
Last week , in his blog on H.264 in IE 9 , Hachamovitch joined Apple 's chief executive Steve Jobs in bashing Flash , saying it has " some issues , particularly around reliability , security , and performance . "
Hachamovitch 's latest blog post came after developers laid into him for Microsoft 's decision to champion H.264 over open and free alternatives and for calling H.264 an industry standard .
Comments ridiculed Microsoft for backing a closed and patent - encumbered codec that the company can charge people to use .
It was a world away from the general outflow of goodwill that poured Microsoft 's way in March when it said IE 9 would become standards compliant and support HTML 5 .
The HTML 5 spec does not specify a video codex , thanks to heavy politicking by Microsoft and Apple .
That means those using HTML5 are implementing any playback codec they want .
And talk about timing .
Hachamovitch unloaded the news as Jobs warned that patent holders are forming a pool to take down the open - source codec Hachamovitch so diligently avoided naming in his blog posts : Ogg Theora .
Jobs did not say whether Apple is a member of the patent pool , but MPEG LA has echoed both Jobs and Hachamovitch by claiming Theora contains patents .
Asked separately by The Reg if patents exist in Theora and whether patent holders have discussed how to enforce them , MPEG LA chief executive Larry Hold told us he had no comment " at this time . "
One of those reacting to Jobs was open - source advocate Florian Mueller .
In an email comment to us , he pointed out that Apple is creating instability and uncertainty around Theora .
" Should Apple be a contributor to the patent pool Steve Jobs mentioned , that would be very bad news because then the objective may very well be to prevent any commercial use and distribution of Ogg Theora and other open - source video codecs , " Mueller warned .
A commentor on Hachamovitch 's follow - up blog , meanwhile , took issue with the claim that using H.264 would guarantee video online , because of H.264's growing ubiquity in all kinds of devices from phones and devices to PCs .
The commentor said the decision would " delay and hinder " the arrival of web - video for anther two to three years because IE 9 is not yet here and Safari has just under five per cent market share .
Firefox and Opera , which support Theora , have a quarter of the browsing market .
" For users and developers there 's no single sure way of supporting video in 100 per cent of web video capable browsers regardless of other risks and uncertainties either H.264 or Ogg - Theora represents and regardless of their technical merits or drawbacks , " he wrote . ®
This article has been updated to distinguish between comments made by Florian Mueller and a commenter on Hachamovitch 's blog .
No jail for woman who abandoned disabled girl
Harper had her sentence deferred for three months for good behaviour A woman who admitted leaving a disabled six - year - old girl outside overnight in freezing temperatures has been told she will not face a prison sentence .
Kate Harper , 26 , left the child , who is blind and deaf , strapped in her pram in Kingspark , Glasgow , last November .
Glasgow Sheriff
Court heard the girl suffered hypothermia and almost died .
Sheriff Kenneth Mitchell said Harper 's behaviour was an isolated crime and deferred sentence for three months to allow her to show good behaviour .
The court was told that Harper attended a party on Bonfire night ( 5 November ) which turned into a late - night drinking session .
When she took the youngster back to her house she realised she had forgotten her keys and abandoned the girl outside .
She headed back to collect the keys but instead of returning with them went to sleep in her sister 's house .
I am satisfied that this very serious crime can be properly regarded as an isolated one
Sheriff Kenneth Mitchell
The court heard that the girl , who cannot be named for legal reasons , was discovered just before 0830 GMT on 6 November .
A bus driver and classroom assistant arrived to take her to school , where she receives supported learning .
They saw the pram , which had tipped over , and noticed that the child was in it with her face pressed against the stone stairs outside the house .
She was shivering and her lips were blue .
As paramedics later treated the girl , Harper was spotted walking down the street from her sister 's house .
Police officers spoke to her , and she told them she had very little recollection of what had happened the night before .
She was taken to Aikenhead Road police office and later admitted to abandoning the girl .
' Reckless conduct '
The youngster was taken to Yorkhill Hospital where doctors treated her for hypothermia and bruising from the straps of the pram .
At an earlier hearing , Harper admitted culpable and reckless conduct by abandoning the girl outside her home .
Appearing for sentencing , Sheriff Mitchell told Harper that her conduct was " wholly unacceptable and reprehensible " .
The sheriff said : " It is accepted that the accused 's culpable and reckless conduct on this occasion caused this very disabled child distress , injury , hypothermia and endangered her life .
" Miss Harper drank far too much and , as a result , she was culpably reckless in regard to her responsibilities towards this child .
" But I am satisfied that this very serious crime can be properly regarded as an isolated one .
" I therefore consider that the proper course is to defer sentence for a short period of three months to enable the accused to demonstrate her continued good behaviour . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
AniDB stands for Anime DataBase .
We feature detailed information about all forms of CJK ( Chinese , Japanese , and Korean ) animation .
Why should you use AniDB ?
AniDB is not - for - profit ( no ads , no spyware ) .
Your privacy is important to us !
By fans , for fans !
AniDB is shaped by its users , and is constantly evolving .
Our content is constantly kept up to date , with revisions coming straight from your user input .
With your feedback and suggestions , new features are brought to AniDB .
Your participation will transform AniDB into the most informative anime database on the Internet .
Sorry .
The administrator has banned your IP address .
To contact the administrator click here
PITTSBURGH --
A suspicious device near the finish line of the Pittsburgh Marathon on Sunday prompted police to briefly stop the race after it had begun .
The device was disabled and police said it was not believed to have been an actual explosive .
The device , in a small microwave oven , was spotted Sunday morning on the sidewalk next to the Greyhound bus station after the race leaders had finished the course , police Lt. Kevin Kraus said .
The bomb squad determined there were contents that resembled an explosive , and the area was evacuated , Kraus said .
He declined to describe the materials that concerned authorities pending a further evaluation .
" Certainly , from what we did see on the X - rays , we were highly concerned , " he said .
The disruption came a day after a car - bomb scare in New York emptied Times Square , clearing thousands of tourists from the streets for 10 hours .
Kraus said police stopped the 26.2 mile race in the area for 10 to 12 minutes .
The competition resumed after the bomb squad used a robot to disable the device and the area was cleared shortly before 11 a.m. , he said .
" At this point , we believe it was not an actual explosive devices , but we are still evaluating the microwave and its contents , " Kraus said .
He said surveillance cameras in the area were being examined to try to find out who put the device there .
Police could not immediately confirm the race was re-routed .
But Karen Fredette , a marathon spokeswoman , said the race was diverted around the block where the device was found but the finish of the race near the David L. Lawrence Convention Center was not changed .
" We 're really happy and happy that everyone is everybody is safe , " Fredette said .
A crowd waiting for runners to pass at mile 26 saw the first 10 or 15 runners go by and then were told to move up the street by marathon staff , said Kathleen Riordan , 41 , of Dormont , who was waiting for her husband to run by .
" At first I was n't sure what was going on , either .
I thought it was kind of strange that they were changing the marathon course , " Riordan said .
She did n't hear about the suspicious device until she got to the end of the course .
About 5,000 people took part in the full marathon , which does not attract the sport 's elite runners .
Katie Miller , 34 , of Butler , and sister Jamie Kemerer , 31 , of Charlotte , N.C. , finished in about 5 1/2 hours and did n't notice any disruptions .
The sisters said the only complication was a steady rain that had slowed to a drizzle by mid-day .
" Our shoes , " Kemerer said .
" It was 5 pounds on each foot . "
When we read on photographer Eric Curry 's Web site that he views certain machines as metaphors for values of character , honor , integrity and pride , we thought his approach would be the perfect way to illustrate the affection many Earth - dwellers have come to feel for NASAs twin Mars Exploration Rovers , which , having long outlasted their life expectancies , are still transmitting from the Martian surface .
In this slideshow , Curry explains how he built our March 2010 magazine cover , shot by carefully lit shot .
In 1998 , during eight tests including this one with an SR20 out of Ocotillo Wells Airport in California , engineers and pilots from Cirrus Aircraft and Ballistic Recovery Systems took the plunge .
They fine - tuned many items , including how the whole - airplane parachutes rocket extracts the system , and how the slider , the white ring that travels down the cords , keeps the parachute from opening too quickly , which would damage the chute and airplane .
After each deployment , the SR20 released the parachute and returned to the airport rather than stranding itself in the desert .
This meant that guides had to be added to the empennage to prevent damage to the vertical and horizontal tail surfaces .
" Design of the test harness and parachute release mechanism were nearly as difficult as the design of the recovery systems itself , " says Jay Yeakle , a Cirrus engineer .
Less complex was the animal tracking system used by wildlife management groups that located the abandoned parachutes .
Newlywed astronaut puts honeymoon on hold as he begins 18 - month simulated Mars mission
Newlywed : Alexei Sitev will leave his wife Ekaterina Golubeva for 18 months to board a mock spacecraft to Mars
Russian astronaut Alexei Sitev should be at least planning his honeymoon after tying the knot with the love of his life four weeks ago .
But instead Sitev and his bride Ekaterina Golubeva will be spending their first 18 months of married life apart .
The 38 - year - old will be locked in a steel capsule , measuring just 1,000 square feet , with five other men , who were chosen from thousands of applicants , to participate in a simulated mission to Mars .
The European Space Agency experiment , called Mars500 , is designed to test how humans would cope during a 520 - day mission to the Red Planet , with a 250 - day outward trip , a 30 - day stay on its surface , and a 240 - day return flight .
Next week Sitev will be sealed into four windowless metal compartments , which will not be opened until the end of the simulated mission .
It means that all food and water supplies and other pieces of equipment will need to loaded before the door is bolted .
During nearly two years of isolation , the crew members - three Russians , a Chinese , a Frenchman and an Italian - will experience many of the conditions likely to be encountered by astronauts on a real space flight , except for radiation and weightlessness .
Sitev said it would be difficult to be separated from Ekaterina for such a long period of time .
He admitted that not being able to communicate with his wife and ' giving up sex ' would be ' very tough ' .
But Sitev said the most stressful aspect of the job would be ' coping with the monotony of each day ' .
Tight squeeze :
The six crew members will be cooped up in this mock spacecraft , which is housed in Moscow
Ekaterina , a 35 - year - old doctor , said she was surprised when her husband told her that he had volunteered to participate in the Mars project .
' Being without him for such a long time will be very hard , ' she told the Sunday Times .
' But for me it ’s very important that he fulfills his ambitions . '
Sitev decided to marry Ekaterina before entering the capsule as a sign of his commitment .
After about 250 days on the ' spaceship ' , half the crew will enter a ' landing craft ' and ' descend ' to the planet where they will walk about wearing modified Russian Orlan spacesuits .
Once sealed into the chamber the cosmonauts will only have personal contact with each other .
Surface of the Red Planet : The European Space Agency hope the simulator experiment will test how humans would cope during a 520 - day mission to Mars
A 20 - minute delay will be built into communications with the control centre to simulate an interplanetary mission and the crew will be given an identical diet to that used for the International Space Station .
As with a human spaceflight mission , the chosen candidates will be free to take certain personal items , as well as being supplied with books , movies , personal laptops and can occupy themselves with physical exercise or self studies .
Out of this world :
An image of Mars taken by Nasa 's Hubble telescope
Scientific investigations during the experiment will assess the effect that isolation has on various psychological and physiological aspects such as stress , hormone levels , sleep quality , mood and the benefits of dietary supplements .
The organisers say that if a crew - member decides halfway through the simulation that he really cannot cope with the separation anymore and wants to leave , he will be allowed to do so ; although every effort will be made to try to persuade the individual to stay .
The Mars500 project , which is located in Russia 's Institute of Biomedical Problems , conducted a simulation last year for 105 days .
The ESA said astronauts taking parts in the experiments would go down in history as pioneers .
' This mission might lack some of the glory and feeling of the real spaceflight , but it will be just as tough .
The first humans to walk on Mars will surely remember these pioneers . '
Man , wearing only a diaper , charged with public indecency
STRATFORD --
A local man was one big baby and police made sure he had something to cry about Tuesday .
Shortly after 4:30 p.m. police said they began receiving calls about a man , dressed only in a diaper , wandering around a parking lot asking for someone to change him .
When officers arrived they spotted the five - foot , 162 - pound Thomas Wellington standing in the parking lot wearing only a diaper and sucking on a pacifier .
A local woman who was at the store with her three young grandchildren told officers that Wellington had approached them and asked the woman to change his diaper .
He was charged with breach of peace and released on a promise to appear in court .
pending arraignment in Superior Court on June 4 .
David Cameron tonight signalled an end to more than a decade of Tory hostility to the EU when he appointed a moderate figure to the sensitive post of Europe minister , a move that will be welcomed in chancelleries across the continent .
In a sign of the influence of the passionately pro-European Nick Clegg , the former Foreign Office adviser David Lidington was appointed to the Europe post , one of the most senior jobs outside cabinet .
Lidington takes the job in place of Mark Francois , the Eurosceptic shadow Europe minister , who had brokered the Tories ' controversial split from the main centre - right EPP group in the European parliament .
The appointment of Lidington came as the prime minister moved to repair relations with centre - right leaders across the EU who strongly opposed his decision to abandon the European mainstream .
Cameron spoke today to Fredrik Reinfeldt , the Swedish prime minister , who had voiced concerns about the split even though he is the Tory leader 's closest EU ally .
Cameron also spoke to Angela Merkel , the German chancellor , who leads the largest of the EU 's 27 member states .
The prime minister had a " very warm exchange " on Wednesday with Nicolas Sarkozy , the French president , who accepted an invitation from Cameron to visit Britain on 18 June .
His visit will mark the 70th anniversary of the famous BBC broadcast from London by the leader of the Free French Forces , Charles de Gaulle , in which the future president declared that France " is not alone " and that the country would resist the Nazi occupation of France .
Sarkozy made clear in a letter to Cameron that he hoped to open a new chapter with the Tories when he said he looked forward to " strengthening the very close cooperation and exceptional ties woven between our two countries " .
The French president wrote : " Side by side , our two countries carry greater weight in the world .
Side by side , they can contribute more effectively to preventing and resolving conflicts . "
But Sarkozy made clear that he expected Britain , which is one of the " big three " in the EU , to take its place at its heart .
In a carefully phrased conclusion , he indicated that Cameron should follow the example of France , which proudly proclaims a distinct national identity while acting as an enthusiastic leader in the EU .
" Partners in the world of the 21st century , the United Kingdom and France are also united in the European project , where their futures are at stake , " the president wrote .
" Legitimately committed to their identities , proud of their pasts , our two countries have sovereignly chosen to stand at the heart of the European Union in order to make their voices heard there and so that Europe 's collective voice is heard in the world .
With this aim in view , I am keen for Franco - British relations to continue making their contribution to building Europe , in the spirit of trust and friendship spirit which inspires them . "
Paris and Berlin , which were delighted when the former EU official and MEP Clegg was appointed deputy prime minister , will also be encouraged by the appointment of Lidington , 53 , as Europe minister .
He served as a special adviser to the pro-European former foreign secretary Douglas Hurd from 1989 - 90 .
Lidington will balance the fiercely Eurosceptic foreign secretary , William Hague , who is regarded with suspicion across the EU after he ran a strongly nationalistic election campaign as Tory leader in 2001 in which he warned that Britain was turning into a " foreign land " .
But Lidington , seen as a Euro - realist rather than a pro-European , enjoys strong relations with Hague .
He served as his parliamentary aide for the first two years of his leadership of the Conservative party .
The Tories have made clear in recent months that they would be adopting a less confrontational approach to the EU after Cameron dropped his pledge to hold a referendum on the Lisbon treaty .
Hague said in March that they had made a strategic decision not to pick a fight with the EU .
Hague and Cameron want to send warm signals to the EU because the next main item on the agenda is a draft directive that would require greater transparency from hedge funds and private equity groups .
Britain , home to 80 % of Europe 's hedge funds , sees this as hostile to the City of London .
George Osborne , the chancellor , who will discuss the draft directive on Tuesday at his first meeting of EU finance ministers , knows he must tread with care .
The draft directive will be subject to a qualified majority vote , which means that Britain has no power of veto .
When you choose a private security company to supplement the protection of the local police department , you can rest assured in a quick response for your home or business .
Our guards are solely focused on your property , so be confident that it will receive the attention needed to safeguard it from threats .
Whether it ’s vandalism , theft or terrorism , our professionals can prevent these incidents and address them if they do occur .
Choosing a home or commercial security company means your most precious people and assets will be under a watchful eye at all times .
No matter how quick the response time of the local police may be , having someone on - site to provide an immediate reaction to an incident can make a tremendous difference .
An estimated 15,000 people rallied outside the Capitol today demanding a tax increase .
( Tribune photo / Abel Uribe )
Posted by Michelle Manchir and Ray Long at 11:50 a.m. ; last updated at 3:12 p.m .
SPRINGFIELD ---
Thousands of protesters bused down by labor unions and social service advocates rallied at the Capitol today in an attempt to pressure state lawmakers into raising the income tax to avoid more budget cuts .
A spokesman for Illinois Secretary of State Jesse White estimated the rally crowd at 15,000 , with more than 12,000 marching around the building .
That would appear to make it the largest Capitol protest since the Equal Rights Amendment crowds a quarter - century ago .
Bus after bus pulled up on streets surrounding the Capitol complex and dumped sign - waving protesters clad in purple , green , red and blue shirts that represented a show of strength from a variety of public employee unions and dozens of groups that formed what they named the “ Responsible Budget Coalition . ”
( You can see a photo gallery by clicking here . )
" Raise my taxes !
Raise my taxes !
Raise my taxes ! " they chanted , lined up shoulder to shoulder for a few hundred yards stretching a street in front of the Capitol .
" These 177 people who have a job do n't want to do their job , " said Henry Bayer , head of the Illinois chapter of the American Federation of State , County and Municipal Employees , referring to the number of lawmakers in the House and Senate .
" Yes people are hurting , that 's why we need a tax increase ....
If you try to leave town without doing your job we 're going to chase you . "
[ SC2B ] TL : I US - Get Ready Text by Kennigit
UPDATE : You can keep up to date with the rest of the bracket in
TLI : US is over !
VODs are up !.
http://www.youtube.com/user/nevake#grid/user/386F2935E0EF2A97
Intrepid reporters , Brood and Saracens , had a chance to site down with some of the participants in today 's Teamliquid Invitational : US Edition .
Each provides a little insight into their expectations for the event and what they are doing to prepare .
Kick back and whet your appetite for the epicness that is about to unfold .
Saturday , May 08 6:00 pm GMT ( GMT+00:00 )
>> More Information <<
The event goes live today at 2 pm Eastern and will be casted by djWheat and TL's own Chill !
Stream links will be provided on the right sidebar side of TL .
UPDATE : You can keep up to date with the rest of the bracket in this threadIntrepid reporters , Brood and Saracens , had a chance to site down with some of the participants in today 's Teamliquid Invitational : US Edition .
Each provides a little insight into their expectations for the event and what they are doing to prepare .
Kick back and whet your appetite for the epicness that is about to unfold .
The event goes live today at 2 pm Eastern and will be casted byand TL 's own !
Stream links will be provided on the right sidebar side of TL .
Interviews
Now as promised , let 's see what some of the players have to say !
TL : Overall , how are you feeling about your chances coming into this tournament ?
Day [ 9 ] :
I actually feel probably less good about playing Artosis , but more comfortable playing Incontrol or slush second round .
To be honest , this week is the first week I actually get to sit down and play a lot .
I thought it was going to be much earlier , but I spent about 30 hours trying to get all my new computer equipment to function .
I feel ok , but I 'd probably flip a coin on me verse Artosis .
I really think that when I practice I 'm really comfortable at learning stuff and working kinks out .
I also do n't get nervous in tournaments , so that helps quite a bit , but Artosis is good , so that can only do so much .
TL : How do you think the difference in game styles on the Asia server is going to affect you in that matchup ?
Day [ 9 ] :
I downloaded a lot of replays from the Asia server , and the general trend that you see is just outrageous aggression , especially with zerg .
They 'll early expand and get two queens , but only have like six drones at their expansion as they try to just batter you down with speedlings and then roaches , a slow forward tech but a lot of aggression .
You do n't see that much on the American servers .
TL : How do you feel about your gauge of the strengths or weaknesses of the players in the tournament ?
Day [ 9 ] : I 'm going to speak in outrageous generalities .
It 's an interesting mix ; I 've played with many of the players on here .
I actually met qxc a few days ago , and we played some games and he trashed me pretty hard .
I think CauthonLuck is the best player in this tournament .
Honestly , I think he is just out of control , on another level , and it 's great because I get to cast him in the MLG showmatch things , and I get to just steal all his builds , and I have the replays !
I 'm not gonna lie , as a commentator , I get the replays of all these events with the knowledge that they 're never going to be released .
That 's the payment I receive for casting .
I do n't know too much about HuK , I 've only played one game with slush way back , but other than that I 'm pretty familiar with the rest of the gamers out there .
TL : Do you think doing something like your Day [ 9 ]
Dailies makes your thought process more transparent to your opponents ?
Day [ 9 ] : No .
I 've never really been that threatened by that idea .
To be honest , they help me a ton .
It 's one thing to re-watch your replays and x3 it and just go yeah blah blah done , let me go back to playing .
When I 'm trying to really slowly articulate stuff , I occasionally say , " Wow , so that 's true . "
This actually happened when I did NonY 's phoenix games .
I was just trying to blab on , to do things slowly , and there were a few things I noticed that I would n't have caught sight of normally because I was watching on fast speed and not x6 .
It really speeds up the learning process .
I kind of cheat in that regard .
I definitely think it 's far overrated , the idea of getting someone 's replays and trying to get into someone 's head and figure out what 's in there .
Really , you should be trying to figure out what the race is capable of , and then battling against those possibilities .
TL : Which , if any , of the recent balances changes will have a significant effect on the games ?
Day [ 9 ] :
I suppose the biggest one would be the neural parasite , for the Thors .
It just works like permanently .
I wish you could just shoot the tentacles .
I suppose the immortal getting slowed a bit , but I do n't think there 's any bullshit strategy that I used as my linch - pin .
Infact , any time I found one of those strategies in practice where it was like , " Wow , this is really really good and I can't figure out how to stop it , " I would not do that strategy .
I would assume that everyone else would go and do it , so there was no reason for me to focus to much on it .
First of all , it might get patched , and second of all I want to try to figure out a more stable method of play .
For instance , the four warpgate immortal push .
Everyone and his grandpa was doing that the first few weeks of beta , and I pretty much steered clear of that because you try it twice and you have the timing down perfectly .
There 's nothing else to learn .
Yeah , you can win a bunch of games , but why just do that ?
I was trying to figure out ways to make the games extend longer , and just always have that idea in my pocket .
TL : Do you have any final thoughts for the audience out there ?
Day [ 9 ] :
I hope my brother beats white - ra in the HDH Invitational , because he beat me , but now that he's in this tournament I hope we meet in the grand final and I get revenge !
For WCGs and tournaments in BW , I was always shooting for first place .
Here , I 'm just shooting to win a game .
I 've just had a brutal last two weeks of the semester , so I 'm just intentionally not putting pressure on myself to immediately jump out of a hellish end of the year , straight into being the best Starcraft 2 player possible .
I do n't think I 'm physically capable of that .
I 'm just gonna try to take it easy , try to kill Artosis a little bit , and then go back to casting all the games .
In between my games , I 'm going to be casting all the other rounds .
Front row seats , baby !
TL : Overall , how are you feeling about your chances coming into this tournament ? Day [ 9 ] :
I actually feel probably less good about playing Artosis , but more comfortable playing Incontrol or slush second round .
To be honest , this week is the first week I actually get to sit down and play a lot .
I thought it was going to be much earlier , but I spent about 30 hours trying to get all my new computer equipment to function .
I feel ok , but I 'd probably flip a coin on me verse Artosis .
I really think that when I practice I 'm really comfortable at learning stuff and working kinks out .
I also do n't get nervous in tournaments , so that helps quite a bit , but Artosis is good , so that can only do so much .
TL : How do you think the difference in game styles on the Asia server is going to affect you in that matchup ? Day [ 9 ] :
I downloaded a lot of replays from the Asia server , and the general trend that you see is just outrageous aggression , especially with zerg .
They 'll early expand and get two queens , but only have like six drones at their expansion as they try to just batter you down with speedlings and then roaches , a slow forward tech but a lot of aggression .
You do n't see that much on the American servers .
TL : How do you feel about your gauge of the strengths or weaknesses of the players in the tournament ? Day [ 9 ] : I 'm going to speak in outrageous generalities .
It 's an interesting mix ; I 've played with many of the players on here .
I actually met qxc a few days ago , and we played some games and he trashed me pretty hard .
I think CauthonLuck is the best player in this tournament .
Honestly , I think he is just out of control , on another level , and it 's great because I get to cast him in the MLG showmatch things , and I get to just steal all his builds , and I have the replays !
I'm not gonna lie , as a commentator , I get the replays of all these events with the knowledge that they 're never going to be released .
That 's the payment I receive for casting .
I do n't know too much about HuK , I 've only played one game with slush way back , but other than that I 'm pretty familiar with the rest of the gamers out there .
TL : Do you think doing something like your Day [ 9 ]
Dailies makes your thought process more transparent to your opponents ?
Day [ 9 ] : No .
I 've never really been that threatened by that idea .
To be honest , they help me a ton .
It 's one thing to re-watch your replays and x3 it and just go yeah blah blah done , let me go back to playing .
When I 'm trying to really slowly articulate stuff , I occasionally say , " Wow , so that 's true . "
This actually happened when I did NonY 's phoenix games .
I was just trying to blab on , to do things slowly , and there were a few things I noticed that I would n't have caught sight of normally because I was watching on fast speed and not x6 .
It really speeds up the learning process .
I kind of cheat in that regard .
I definitely think it 's far overrated , the idea of getting someone 's replays and trying to get into someone 's head and figure out what 's in there .
Really , you should be trying to figure out what the race is capable of , and then battling against those possibilities .
TL : Which , if any , of the recent balances changes will have a significant effect on the games ? Day [ 9 ] : I suppose the biggest one would be the neural parasite , for the Thors .
It just works like permanently .
I wish you could just shoot the tentacles .
I suppose the immortal getting slowed a bit , but I do n't think there 's any bullshit strategy that I used as my linch - pin .
Infact , any time I found one of those strategies in practice where it was like , " Wow , this is really really good and I can't figure out how to stop it , " I would not do that strategy .
I would assume that everyone else would go and do it , so there was no reason for me to focus to much on it .
First of all , it might get patched , and second of all I want to try to figure out a more stable method of play .
For instance , the four warpgate immortal push .
Everyone and his grandpa was doing that the first few weeks of beta , and I pretty much steered clear of that because you try it twice and you have the timing down perfectly .
There 's nothing else to learn .
Yeah , you can win a bunch of games , but why just do that ?
I was trying to figure out ways to make the games extend longer , and just always have that idea in my pocket .
TL : Do you have any final thoughts for the audience out there ? Day [ 9 ] : I hope my brother beats white - ra in the HDH Invitational , because he beat me , but now that he's in this tournament I hope we meet in the grand final and I get revenge !
For WCGs and tournaments in BW , I was always shooting for first place .
Here , I 'm just shooting to win a game .
I 've just had a brutal last two weeks of the semester , so I 'm just intentionally not putting pressure on myself to immediately jump out of a hellish end of the year , straight into being the best Starcraft 2 player possible .
I do n't think I 'm physically capable of that .
I'm just gonna try to take it easy , try to kill Artosis a little bit , and then go back to casting all the games .
In between my games , I 'm going to be casting all the other rounds .
Front row seats , baby !
TL : How are you feeling about the upcoming TLI ?
Artosis : I 'm feeling quite good about it .
If I can survive the early game during this tournament , I feel I can definitely win it .
TL : Your first opponent is Team Liquid celebrity Day [ 9 ] , who plays random .
What are your thoughts about playing against random as well as the coming match ?
Artosis :
Well , as a zerg player I realy hate to play against random .
Zerg is very susceptible to cheese , and you need to prepare differently for it vs different races .
Also , players who play as Random ( I did for a very long time at the beginning of the beta ) tend to be very strong at aggression in the early game , from playing mass games on both sides of the matchup .
Random players tend to not know what to do late game so well due to having gotten there far less times ( its just math ) , so if I make it past the initial rushes without a lot of damage I should be able to win easily .
BUT , that being said , DAy9 and I have a long long long history together , and historically he is the one person in USA who really always had my number .
Long story short : I expect to win but it could be quite a stressful match .
TL : You played Terran in Broodwar .
Why did you decide to switch to Zerg for Starcraft 2 ?
Artosis : I really hate TvP in this game .
Its completely broken , has been from day 2 or 3 .
Also , I feel that Zerg has the highest skill cap , you can always be doing something very useful to improve your standing in the game .
That 's the type of race I like to play , one where I can always push myself .
TL : Being the closest in proximity to IdrA at the moment , do you have any comments about his absence ?
Artosis :
There are 2 reasons .
First , the lag and latency on the US and EU servers are completely garbage for us while living in Korea .
Its so frustrating to play knowing your opponent has a huge advantage on micro for the entire game , especially when you consider we both enjoy to play a macro based style where we have to defend lots of cheesey play .
Second , its at the ungodly hour of 3 am in the morning for us .
I can take naps and rest to make up for this , while he is on a very strict schedule on CJ Entus , and can not do this .
Its a good choice by him to turn down this event .
TL : If you could avoid facing anyone in this tournament , who would it be and why ?
Artosis : I guess that player might be Attero .
I really do n't know anything about this guy , and he 's random .
TL : What are your thoughts on the maps released so far ?
Artosis : Incineration Zone and Kulas Ravine are perhaps the worst maps I 've ever seen .
They are both completely imbalanced .
The rest , aside from Desert Oasis ( which has already been removed from this tournament ) seem to be alright so far .
TL : What do you think about all of the matchups ?
Are there any that are particularly fun to play , or that you feel are stronger than the others ?
Artosis : I do n't really care to play ZvZ , it becomes boring pretty fast .
Zerg vs Terran is by far the most complex matchup in the game , and while I find it very frustrating , I have great fun playing it as well .
Zerg vs Protoss can be really , really fun vs a good Protoss as well , but 99.9 % of the Protosses on all the ladders are just cheesing allin newbies .
TL : What do you think of the design of the Zerg race in Starcraft 2 ?
Are there any changes you would like to see ?
Artosis : I 'd like to see hive tech be more worth it .
Ultras are completely garbage right now , and it seems the only reason to go to hive is to get the 3rd roach upgrade and broodlords .
TL : What are your favorite and least favorite units in Starcraft 2 and why ?
Artosis :
My favorite unit is the Infestor .
Its so fun to use , and I feel like when I really get down exactly how and when to use what spells , it will be a ridiculously good spellcaster .
My least favorite unit is the Reaper .
Totally ridiculous unit .
Causes me lots of headaches .
TL : How are you feeling about the upcoming TLI ?
Artosis : I 'm feeling quite good about it .
If I can survive the early game during this tournament , I feel I can definitely win it .
TL : Your first opponent is Team Liquid celebrity Day [ 9 ] , who plays random .
What are your thoughts about playing against random as well as the coming match ?
Artosis :
Well , as a zerg player I realy hate to play against random .
Zerg is very susceptible to cheese , and you need to prepare differently for it vs different races .
Also , players who play as Random ( I did for a very long time at the beginning of the beta ) tend to be very strong at aggression in the early game , from playing mass games on both sides of the matchup .
Random players tend to not know what to do late game so well due to having gotten there far less times ( its just math ) , so if I make it past the initial rushes without a lot of damage I should be able to win easily .
BUT , that being said , DAy9 and I have a long long long history together , and historically he is the one person in USA who really always had my number .
Long story short : I expect to win but it could be quite a stressful match .
TL : You played Terran in Broodwar .
Why did you decide to switch to Zerg for Starcraft 2 ?
Artosis : I really hate TvP in this game .
Its completely broken , has been from day 2 or 3 .
Also , I feel that Zerg has the highest skill cap , you can always be doing something very useful to improve your standing in the game .
That 's the type of race I like to play , one where I can always push myself .
TL : Being the closest in proximity to IdrA at the moment , do you have any comments about his absence ?
Artosis :
There are 2 reasons .
First , the lag and latency on the US and EU servers are completely garbage for us while living in Korea .
Its so frustrating to play knowing your opponent has a huge advantage on micro for the entire game , especially when you consider we both enjoy to play a macro based style where we have to defend lots of cheesey play .
Second , its at the ungodly hour of 3 am in the morning for us .
I can take naps and rest to make up for this , while he is on a very strict schedule on CJ Entus , and can not do this .
Its a good choice by him to turn down this event .
TL : If you could avoid facing anyone in this tournament , who would it be and why ?
Artosis : I guess that player might be Attero .
I really do n't know anything about this guy , and he 's random .
TL : What are your thoughts on the maps released so far ?
Artosis : Incineration Zone and Kulas Ravine are perhaps the worst maps I 've ever seen .
They are both completely imbalanced .
The rest , aside from Desert Oasis ( which has already been removed from this tournament ) seem to be alright so far .
TL : What do you think about all of the matchups ?
Are there any that are particularly fun to play , or that you feel are stronger than the others ?
Artosis : I do n't really care to play ZvZ , it becomes boring pretty fast .
Zerg vs Terran is by far the most complex matchup in the game , and while I find it very frustrating , I have great fun playing it as well .
Zerg vs Protoss can be really , really fun vs a good Protoss as well , but 99.9 % of the Protosses on all the ladders are just cheesing allin newbies .
TL : What do you think of the design of the Zerg race in Starcraft 2 ?
Are there any changes you would like to see ?
Artosis : I 'd like to see hive tech be more worth it .
Ultras are completely garbage right now , and it seems the only reason to go to hive is to get the 3rd roach upgrade and broodlords .
TL : What are your favorite and least favorite units in Starcraft 2 and why ?
Artosis :
My favorite unit is the Infestor .
Its so fun to use , and I feel like when I really get down exactly how and when to use what spells , it will be a ridiculously good spellcaster .
My least favorite unit is the Reaper .
Totally ridiculous unit .
Causes me lots of headaches .
TL : How are you feeling about the upcoming TLI ?
Slush : I think it 's really great , with the prize pool and the roster it will be exciting !
The community will be well served with a lot of good matchups right of RO16 .
I 'm sure TL will be well prepared for this event .
TL : Your first opponent is iNcontroL , whom you narrowly lost to in an intense game on Blistering Sands in the USA vs Canada 2 showmatch .
What do you think of your opponent , and your overall chances ?
Slush : Every members of team EG are VERY good manner and they are doing so much for the community , iNcontroL is no exception .
He has a different style than what i'm used to practice to it will be fun and entertaining for the community i think .
TL : You are a part of Root Gaming , which is one of the top Starcraft 2 teams at the moment .
How did this team come about , and how did you become a part of it ?
Slush : I 'm really gonna give credit here to warturtle and other admins who have made Teams tournament .
With these tournaments , people have made teams and some rivalries begun .
Root invited me in after two succesful triple strike cup for Team Quebec .
TL : You have been performing extraordinarily well in recent showmatches and tournaments such as the Triple Strike Cup , and , most recently , beating out White - Ra in the GosuCoaching showdown .
So , you will face one of the top European Terrans DeMusliM in a highly anticipated BO9 this Saturday .
What are your thoughts ?
Slush :
These showmatches are really great , it gives me an oppotunity to play vs top euro gamers .
Since it 's a best of 9 it gives a lot of good matches for people to watch .
DeMusliM had a really succesful beta so far and im really looking forward to see his play style .
TL : If you could avoid facing anyone in this tournament , who would it be and why ?
Slush :
It would be qxc / cauthonluck .
Since we 're all brothers in root it 's like if day9 / tasteless play each other .
TL : What are your thoughts on the maps released so far ?
Slush : Really good question , I know that blizzard try to make different maps as much as possible for 1 v1 , but i really hope we 're gonna see some pro maps soon .
We need more terrain diversity for exemple : the bushes in LT / Kulas etc ,
They are good but i really want blizzard to try and make them more dense , so that you can literaly ambush an army in the bushes .
Right now they are almost useless , they only block visions and they are at some akward spots .
TL : What do you think about all of the matchups ?
Are there any that are particularly fun to play , or that you feel are stronger than the others ?
Slush : I think zerg is strong because the mechanics are almost the same as broodwar , so korean would have an easy time being good with them .
I think with the time , toss and terrans will become better when they figure out timings and optimized strategies .
TL : What do you think of the design of the Zerg race in Starcraft 2 ?
Are there any changes you would like to see ?
Slush :
Yes , it 's too macro oriented , theres not enough abilities that a unit can do .
If you take protoss for exemple , almost every single unit has an ability , blink , forcefield , charge , attack while invis , gravity beams , etc. while zerg it 's potition and attack move .
TL : What are your favorite and least favorite units in Starcraft 2 and why ?
Slush : I do n't like roaches / marauders / Immortals , I do n't think a unit should be a tank AND a ranged unit at the same time .
Immortals could be fine but roaches and marauders are too massable .
My favorite units are banelings , i do n't really use them but it adds action to the show Oh and Terran really need spidermines , I would replace the ignite upgrade with spider mines so that siege tanks would actually be useful .
TL : Thanks for your time , and best of luck in the tournament !
Slush :
Thanks !
Shoutout to the root members , < 3 you guys !
TL : How are you feeling about the upcoming TLI ?
Slush : I think it 's really great , with the prize pool and the roster it will be exciting !
The community will be well served with a lot of good matchups right of RO16 .
I 'm sure TL will be well prepared for this event .
TL : Your first opponent is iNcontroL , whom you narrowly lost to in an intense game on Blistering Sands in the USA vs Canada 2 showmatch .
What do you think of your opponent , and your overall chances ?
Slush : Every members of team EG are VERY good manner and they are doing so much for the community , iNcontroL is no exception .
He has a different style than what i'm used to practice to it will be fun and entertaining for the community i think .
TL : You are a part of Root Gaming , which is one of the top Starcraft 2 teams at the moment .
How did this team come about , and how did you become a part of it ?
Slush : I 'm really gonna give credit here to warturtle and other admins who have made Teams tournament .
With these tournaments , people have made teams and some rivalries begun .
Root invited me in after two succesful triple strike cup for Team Quebec .
TL : You have been performing extraordinarily well in recent showmatches and tournaments such as the Triple Strike Cup , and , most recently , beating out White - Ra in the GosuCoaching showdown .
So , you will face one of the top European Terrans DeMusliM in a highly anticipated BO9 this Saturday .
What are your thoughts ?
Slush :
These showmatches are really great , it gives me an oppotunity to play vs top euro gamers .
Since it 's a best of 9 it gives a lot of good matches for people to watch .
DeMusliM had a really succesful beta so far and im really looking forward to see his play style .
TL : If you could avoid facing anyone in this tournament , who would it be and why ?
Slush :
It would be qxc / cauthonluck .
Since we 're all brothers in root it 's like if day9 / tasteless play each other .
TL : What are your thoughts on the maps released so far ?
Slush : Really good question , I know that blizzard try to make different maps as much as possible for 1 v1 , but i really hope we 're gonna see some pro maps soon .
We need more terrain diversity for exemple : the bushes in LT / Kulas etc ,
They are good but i really want blizzard to try and make them more dense , so that you can literaly ambush an army in the bushes .
Right now they are almost useless , they only block visions and they are at some akward spots .
TL : What do you think about all of the matchups ?
Are there any that are particularly fun to play , or that you feel are stronger than the others ?
Slush : I think zerg is strong because the mechanics are almost the same as broodwar , so korean would have an easy time being good with them .
I think with the time , toss and terrans will become better when they figure out timings and optimized strategies .
TL : What do you think of the design of the Zerg race in Starcraft 2 ?
Are there any changes you would like to see ?
Slush :
Yes , it 's too macro oriented , theres not enough abilities that a unit can do .
If you take protoss for exemple , almost every single unit has an ability , blink , forcefield , charge , attack while invis , gravity beams , etc. while zerg it 's potition and attack move .
TL : What are your favorite and least favorite units in Starcraft 2 and why ?
Slush : I do n't like roaches / marauders / Immortals , I do n't think a unit should be a tank AND a ranged unit at the same time .
Immortals could be fine but roaches and marauders are too massable .
My favorite units are banelings , i do n't really use them but it adds action to the show Oh and Terran really need spidermines , I would replace the ignite upgrade with spider mines so that siege tanks would actually be useful .
TL : Thanks for your time , and best of luck in the tournament !
Slush :
Thanks !
Shoutout to the root members , < 3 you guys !
TL : Your first opponent is Louder , who was also a top American player in Starcraft Broodwar , but who is now playing Terran .
What do you predict the outcome will be ?
Machine : Louder is a very hard opponent , I predict 2 - 1 for me but close games .
TL : In the most recent USA vs Canada showmatch , you were Team USA 's MVP , beating Drewbie in set 6 when the USA was down 2 - 3 , and then winning the Ace match against KiWiKaKi .
Do you have any comments on how competitive the Starcraft 2 scene is compared to what you 're used to ?
Machine : I think the starcraft 2 scene in general is a lot less competitive so far , starcraft one foreigners are skating by with just having better overall mechanic 's than their opponent's .
In starcraft one showmatches I practiced on average 200 games before every single event but recently I have not been practicing much at all .
TL : Starcraft 2 is gathering a number of people from diverse gaming backgrounds .
As a top American player on the USA A team in Starcraft Broodwar , how do you think gamers from other backgrounds , such as Warcraft 3 and Counter Strike , stack up ?
Machine : I think that the other top gamers from other games have the dedication it takes to become top players but lack the overall mechanical advantage that starcraft one has given us .
TL : What do you think of the skill curve in Starcraft 2 ?
Is there enough to separate the cream of the crop from the above - average gamers ?
Machine :
Well as far as the ladder goes , platinum is a joke .
It is very hard to determine skill levels because I do not practice very often and when I do it is with a select few people .
TL : If you could avoid facing anyone in this tournament , who would it be and why ?
Machine : LzGaMeR because he smells .
TL : What are your thoughts on the maps released so far ?
Machine : I do n't know the new maps .
TL : What do you think about all the matchups ?
Are there any that are particularly fun to play , or that you feel are stronger than the others ?
Machine : Protoss is fun to play because it is the only race that requires any real micro .
Zerg seems very strong .
TL : What do you think of the design of the Zerg race in Starcraft 2 ?
Are there any changes you would like to see ?
Machine : I want to see scourges or a use for ultralisks .
TL : What are your favorite and least favorite units in Starcraft 2 and why ?
Machine :
My favorite unit would have to be the sentry with the forcefield , because it is such a fun and effective unit .
I really would like ultralisks to be changed somehow so they are usefull .
TL : Your first opponent is Louder , who was also a top American player in Starcraft Broodwar , but who is now playing Terran .
What do you predict the outcome will be ?
Machine : Louder is a very hard opponent , I predict 2 - 1 for me but close games .
TL : In the most recent USA vs Canada showmatch , you were Team USA 's MVP , beating Drewbie in set 6 when the USA was down 2 - 3 , and then winning the Ace match against KiWiKaKi .
Do you have any comments on how competitive the Starcraft 2 scene is compared to what you 're used to ?
Machine : I think the starcraft 2 scene in general is a lot less competitive so far , starcraft one foreigners are skating by with just having better overall mechanic 's than their opponent's .
In starcraft one showmatches I practiced on average 200 games before every single event but recently I have not been practicing much at all .
TL : Starcraft 2 is gathering a number of people from diverse gaming backgrounds .
As a top American player on the USA A team in Starcraft Broodwar , how do you think gamers from other backgrounds , such as Warcraft 3 and Counter Strike , stack up ?
Machine : I think that the other top gamers from other games have the dedication it takes to become top players but lack the overall mechanical advantage that starcraft one has given us .
TL : What do you think of the skill curve in Starcraft 2 ?
Is there enough to separate the cream of the crop from the above - average gamers ?
Machine :
Well as far as the ladder goes , platinum is a joke .
It is very hard to determine skill levels because I do not practice very often and when I do it is with a select few people .
TL : If you could avoid facing anyone in this tournament , who would it be and why ?
Machine : LzGaMeR because he smells .
TL : What are your thoughts on the maps released so far ?
Machine : I do n't know the new maps .
TL : What do you think about all the matchups ?
Are there any that are particularly fun to play , or that you feel are stronger than the others ?
Machine : Protoss is fun to play because it is the only race that requires any real micro .
Zerg seems very strong .
TL : What do you think of the design of the Zerg race in Starcraft 2 ?
Are there any changes you would like to see ?
Machine : I want to see scourges or a use for ultralisks .
TL : What are your favorite and least favorite units in Starcraft 2 and why ?
Machine :
My favorite unit would have to be the sentry with the forcefield , because it is such a fun and effective unit .
I really would like ultralisks to be changed somehow so they are usefull .
Well , that 's all for now , but the clock is ticking and you can be sure we 'll be back soon with live Starcraft 2 at its finest .
Tune in , or miss out - it 's your call !
This post was made by the Team Liquid Starcraft 2 Coverage Team .
For more of TL's coverage , please visit the Team Liquid Starcraft 2 Beta Page .
Now as promised , let 's see what some of the players have to say !
Well , that 's all for now , but the clock is ticking and you can be sure we 'll be back soon with live Starcraft 2 at its finest .
Tune in , or miss out - it 's your call !
Study : Shifting the world to 100 % clean , renewable energy by 2030 - here are the numbers
Wind , water and solar energy resources are sufficiently available to provide all the world 's energy .
Converting to electricity and hydrogen powered by these sources would reduce world power demand by 30 percent , thereby avoiding 13,000 coal power plants .
Materials and costs are not limitations to these conversions , but politics may be , say Stanford and UC researchers who have mapped out a blueprint for powering the world .
L.A. Cicero Mark Z. Jacobson , professor of civil and environmental engineering
Most of the technology needed to shift the world from fossil fuel to clean , renewable energy already exists .
Implementing that technology requires overcoming obstacles in planning and politics , but doing so could result in a 30 percent decrease in global power demand , say Stanford civil and environmental engineering Professor Mark Z. Jacobson and University of California - Davis researcher Mark Delucchi .
To make clear the extent of those hurdles – and how they could be overcome – they have written an article that is the cover story in the November issue of Scientific American .
In it , they present new research mapping out and evaluating a quantitative plan for powering the entire world on wind , water and solar energy , including an assessment of the materials needed and costs .
And it will ultimately be cheaper than sticking with fossil fuel or going nuclear , they say .
The key is turning to wind , water and solar energy to generate electrical power – making a massive commitment to them – and eliminating combustion as a way to generate power for vehicles as well as for normal electricity use .
The problem lies in the use of fossil fuels and biomass combustion , which are notoriously inefficient at producing usable energy .
For example , when gasoline is used to power a vehicle , at least 80 percent of the energy produced is wasted as heat .
With vehicles that run on electricity , it 's the opposite .
Roughly 80 percent of the energy supplied to the vehicle is converted into motion , with only 20 percent lost as heat .
Other combustion devices can similarly be replaced with electricity or with hydrogen produced by electricity .
Data from U.S. Energy Information Administration
Jacobson and Delucchi used data from the U.S. Energy Information Administration to project that if the world 's current mix of energy sources is maintained , global energy demand at any given moment in 2030 would be 16.9 terawatts , or 16.9 million megawatts .
They then calculated that if no combustion of fossil fuel or biomass were used to generate energy , and virtually everything was powered by electricity – either for direct use or hydrogen production – the demand would be only 11.5 terawatts .
That 's only two - thirds of the energy that would be needed if fossil fuels were still in the mix .
In order to convert to wind , water and solar , the world would have to build wind turbines ; solar photovoltaic and concentrated solar arrays ; and geothermal , tidal , wave and hydroelectric power sources to generate the electricity , as well as transmission lines to carry it to the users , but the long - run net savings would more than equal the costs , according to Jacobson and Delucchi's analysis .
" If you make this transition to renewables and electricity , then you eliminate the need for 13,000 new or existing coal plants , " Jacobson said .
" Just by changing our infrastructure we have less power demand . "
Jacobson and Delucchi chose to use wind , water and solar energy options based on a quantitative evaluation Jacobson did last year of about a dozen of the different alternative energy options that were getting the most attention in public and political discussions and in the media .
He compared their potential for producing energy , how secure an energy source each was , and their impacts on human health and the environment .
Best overall energy sources
He determined that the best overall energy sources were wind , water and solar options .
His results were published in Energy and Environmental Science .
The Scientific American article provides a quantification of global solar and wind resources based on new research by Jacobson and Delucchi .
Analyzing only on - land locations with a high potential for producing power , they found that even if wind were the only method used to generate power , the potential for wind energy production is 5 to 15 times greater than what is needed to power the entire world .
For solar energy , the comparable calculation found that solar could produce about 30 times the amount needed .
If the world built just enough wind and solar installations to meet the projected demand for the scenario outlined in the article , an area smaller than the borough of Manhattan would be sufficient for the wind turbines themselves .
Allowing for the required amount of space between the turbines boosts the needed acreage up to 1 percent of Earth 's land area , but the spaces between could be used for crops or grazing .
The various non -rooftop solar power installations would need about a third of 1 percent of the world 's land , so altogether about 1.3 percent of the land surface would suffice .
The study further provides examples of how a combination of renewable energy sources could be used to meet hour - by - hour power demand , addressing the commonly asked question , given the inherent variability of wind speed and sunshine , can these sources consistently produce enough power ?
The answer is yes .
Expanding the transmission grid would be critical for the shift to the sustainable energy sources that Jacobson and Delucchi propose .
New transmission lines would have to be laid to carry power from new wind farms and solar power plants to users , and more transmission lines will be needed to handle the overall increase in the quantity of electric power being generated .
The researchers also determined that the availability of certain materials that are needed for some of the current technologies , such as lithium for lithium - ion batteries , or platinum for fuel cells , are not currently barriers to building a large - scale renewable infrastructure .
But efforts will be needed to ensure that such materials are recycled and potential alternative materials are explored .
Finally , they conclude that perhaps the most significant barrier to the implementation of their plan is the competing energy industries that currently dominate political lobbying for available financial resources .
But the technologies being promoted by the dominant energy industries are not renewable and even the cleanest of them emit significantly more carbon and air pollution than wind , water and sun resources , say Jacobson and Delucchi .
If the world allows carbon - and air pollution - emitting energy sources to play a substantial role in the future energy mix , Jacobson said , global temperatures and health problems will only continue to increase .
Media Contact
Louis Bergeron , Stanford News Service : ( 650 ) 725-1944 , [ email protected ]
Indian cultures in general did not view gender / sexuality as being restricted to just two categories .
While some modern writers speak of the Indian berdache as a third gender , it ’s not quite that simple .
The berdache was not a third category , but a way of referring to a continuum of human behavior that does n’t fit neatly into the European notions of male and female .
As usual , I would like to point out that there were more than 500 distinct Indian cultures in North American prior to the European invasion , so making broad generalizations about the role of the berdache in traditional Indian society is risky .
In what follows below I will make some generalizations about the berdache among the Northern Plains tribes — groups such as the Blackfoot , Crow , Cheyenne , Gros Ventre , Sioux , and others .
Like most cultures , the Indian nations of the Northern Plains defined specific roles for men and for women .
In general , women gathered wild plant foods while the men were hunters and warriors .
However , the roles were not rigid : there were many women who hunted and went on war parties and were still considered women .
Just doing things normally done by the opposite gender did not make one into a berdache .
Among most of the Northern Plains cultures , there were some boys who preferred the company of girls and who eventually dressed as girls .
The ethnographic literature about these individuals generally refers to them as berdaches .
Among the Crow , at about the age of 10 - 12 a young boy might take on the female clothing and female work .
As a male berdache he was accepted in Crow society and might marry a man .
In describing the male berdache , Edwin Thompson Denig , writing in 1856 , says : " He is not to be distinguished in any way from the women . "
However , in Crow society the berdache was neither male nor female , but an individual who had characteristics of both .
Since the berdache was neither male nor female , it many of the Northern Plains tribes the berdache had an important role in the ceremonial life of the tribe .
In the Sun Dance , for example , there were certain rituals which could be performed only by a berdache .
Among many of the Plains tribes , the berdache was felt to have strong curing powers .
Among the Cheyenne , for example , war parties often included a berdache whose job was to care for the wounded .
In addition , the spiritual powers of the berdache were felt to bring good luck .
The presence of a berdache in a war party was also desired because of their special spiritual powers .
Large war parties were seldom without a berdache .
While much of the literature about the role of the berdache in Northern Plains cultures focuses on men , there were also many instances of women who wore men ’s clothing and took men ’s roles .
Some of these women married other women , some were warriors , and some were chiefs .
Among the Blackfoot , women who took on the aggressive roles of men were referred as " manly hearted women . "
They would usually begin to take on these roles as teenagers when they would join war parties .
They would wear male dress , marry women , and often obtain leadership positions as warriors and / or spiritual leaders .
What was / is the American Indian berdache ?
Too often there is an attempt to use European categories to understand the berdache and thus to assume that they were homosexual .
Undoubtedly , some were , but the role of the berdache was not a sexual one .
Sometimes the berdache has been described as a transvestite or as a transgender people .
Again , this is not a totally true image of who they were .
Gender and sexuality in Indian cultures allowed a wide range of variation and the concept of the berdache simply shows that cultures exist which allow a great deal of freedom with regard to gender identity .
Get a signed plain text version of this advisory .
Monday , April 19 , 2010
===============
jira.jboss.org security incident notification
- -----------------------------------------------------------------
Our jboss.org community infrastructure was recently the target of a cyber attack .
The incident was related only to jboss.org infrastructure and does not affect JBoss
Enterprise software product offerings .
The focus of this attack was jira .
jboss.org , a machine which runs a free
Atlassian JIRA instance used for tracking of issues with various jboss.org
related projects .
The attack was consistent with other recent high profile
attacks :
https://blogs.apache.org/infra/entry/apache_org_04_09_2010
http://blogs.atlassian.com/news/2010/04/oh_man_what_a_day_an_update_on_our_security_breach.html
http://in.relation.to/Bloggers/HibernateJIRACompromised
We believe the jboss.org JIRA instance was compromised via a previously
unknown cross-site scripting ( XSS ) attack .
This attack eventually allowed
administrative access to the JIRA instance on April 11th , 2010 , and subsequently
user credentials from a backend database , containing passwords hashed without a
random salt .
Just as in the recent attacks on Apache.org and Atlassian.com 's sites , the
attack against the jboss.org infrastructure originated from Slicehost and
shares similar traits and tactics .
What does this mean ?
- ---------------------------------
If you are a user of jboss.org services which require a login , your account
credentials may have been compromised as a result of this attack .
We strongly advise users of our services to maintain different passwords for
any other services and applications they may consume .
In the event that you
may have used the same password on a system in addition to the jboss.org
related machines , we recommend that you change those passwords immediately .
We also note that JBoss Enterprise software product offerings were not impacted by this
attack .
What steps have been taken to address the issue ?
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
We have taken a number of actions to help address and improve the security of
of our offering to the jboss.org community .
* Shortly after Altassian provided a patch for the XSS attack against JIRA ,
our system administrators applied the patches to our systems .
* Our system administrators began an audit of these systems after the public
disclosures of Apache.org and Atlassian.com 's recent attacks .
Initial
investigation did not reveal any indications of a compromise , and we posted
these findings on the jboss.org community site on April 16 , 2010 .
Upon closer examination and application of a second round of patches we discovered
there had been an intrusion on the JIRA application , however , circumstances of the
attack differed slightly from previous disclosures , and left different signatures .
This
discovery was made on Saturday , April 17th .
* We have quarantined the jboss.org Subversion repositories in order to
conduct an audit and help ensure their integrity before we make them
available again .
We 're also checking other jboss.org systems to make sure their
data has not been compromised .
Our investigation to date does not show any
unintentional changes .
* We have also forced lockout on credentials that we believe may have been at
risk , and have notified the owners of those accounts as to the possible
compromise of the account information .
* We are investigating additional controls around the authentication mechanism
of this system , and will look to improve the application 's security and
tolerance to attacks .
* Strong system level security , including the use of SELinux in enforcing
mode , helped ensure the integrity of the underlying OS .
Detailed logging
helped track and recreate the attack .
We published this announcement so that our community members may learn from
our experiences managing through this event and will examine their own JIRA instances
accordingly to ensure that they are better protected and secured as well .
Atlassian 's recent update may be of value to our users , in helping to ensure
their own JIRA instance integrity :
http://confluence.atlassian.com/display/JIRA/Security+Addendum+2010-04-16+-+Determining+if+your+public+JIRA+instance+has+been+compromised
100 % found this document useful ( 8 votes )
100 % ( 8 ) 100 % found this document useful ( 8 votes )
How to Profit From the Coming Aussie Property Crash ( and Banking Crisis )
Australia 's property prices will crash soon .
But you do n't have to be the victim .
Learn how to profit from it !
Save Save How to Profit From the Coming Aussie Property Cras ...
For Later
100 % 100 % found this document useful , Mark this document as useful
0 % 0 % found this document not useful , Mark this document as not useful
Embed
Share
The US coastguard is to set fire to oil leaking into the Gulf of Mexico to prevent the slick from reaching shore after last week 's explosion on the Deepwater Horizon drilling rig .
Robot submarines have so far failed to shut off the flow more than 1,500 metres below where the Deepwater Horizon was wrecked .
Eleven workers are missing , presumed dead , and the cause of the explosion 50 miles off Louisiana has not been determined .
A coastguard spokesman said the burn would begin today .
Prentice Danner said fire - resistant booms would be used to corral some of the thickest oil on the surface , which would then be ignited .
It was unclear how large an area would be set on fire or how far from shore the fire would be set .
A similar burn off Newfoundland in 1993 eliminated at least half the captured oil .
The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration said birds and mammals were more likely to escape a burning area of the ocean than an oil slick .
Birds might be disoriented by smoke , but would be at much greater risk from oil in the water .
On the downside , burning the oil creates air pollution and some experts say the effect on marine life is unclear .
Ed Overton , a professor emeritus of environmental sciences at Louisiana State University who is studying the oil spill , questioned whether burning would be successful .
" It can be effective in calm water , not much wind , in a protected area , " he said .
" When you 're out in the middle of the ocean , with wave actions , and currents , pushing you around , it 's not easy . "
Last night the oil was about 20 miles off Venice , Louisiana , the closest it has been to land , but it is not expected to reach the coast before Friday , if at all .
Hotel owners , fishermen and restaurateurs are keeping anxious watch as the slick spreads towards delicate wetlands , oyster beds and pristine white beaches .
In Washington , the Obama administration launched a full investigation , with authorities saying they would devote every available resource to the inquiry .
The last big spill in the Gulf was in June 1979 , when an offshore drilling rig in Mexican waters , the Ixtoc I , blew up , releasing 530 million litres of oil .
It took until March 1980 to cap the well , and the oil contaminated US waters and the Texas shore .
" In the worst - case scenario , this could also last months , " said Richard Haut , a senior research scientist at the Houston Advanced Research Centre .
Thousands of birds such as egrets and brown pelicans are nesting on barrier islands close to the rig 's wreckage .
If they are affected , rescuers would need to reach their remote islands , wash them down and release them back into the wild .
Michael Ziccardi , director of the Oiled Wildlife Care Network , said cleaning up brown pelican chicks after a modest spill in Louisiana in 2005 was a big undertaking .
" Just about any petroleum can cause problems for birds because they lose their waterproofing , and that 's what keeps them dry and warm , " he said .
" It 's a really difficult time , and we 're close to the peak of migration . "
The spill also threatens billions of fish eggs and larvae .
If the well cannot be closed , almost 100,000 barrels of oil could spill into the Gulf before crews can drill a relief well to alleviate the pressure .
The Exxon Valdez tanker , in the worst oil spill in US history , leaked 50 million litres into Alaska 's Prince William Sound in 1989 .
BP said it would begin drilling a relief well tomorrow even if crews could shut off oil leaking from the underground pipe .
A spokesman , Robert Wine , said drilling would take up to three months .
In Pensacola , Florida , the easternmost point likely to be hit by oil , beachgoers and business owners kept watch .
Sal Pinzone , general manager of the fishing pier , arrives at work at 5.30 am every day to watch the sun rise over the famous white - sand beach .
" We are all worried , " he said .
" If the spill does hit the beaches along the Gulf , it will shut down everything . "
LOS ANGELES -- Eric
Gagne , whose legacy as the greatest closer in Los Angeles Dodgers history was sullied somewhat when his name appeared in the Mitchell report on performance - enhancing drug use in baseball , has decided to retire , according to a report by the French - Canadian website RueFrontenac.com .
The report comes less than a month after Gagne failed in his comeback bid with the club as a non-roster invitee to spring training .
MLB.com reported the story , citing the French - language site 's interview with Gagne , who lives in Phoenix area but is originally from Montreal .
After pitching last season for the Quebec Capitals in the independent Can - Am League , Gagne signed a minor league contract with the Dodgers in February and came to big - league spring training , where he admitted that his career had been tarnished by the Mitchell report and eventually told the Los Angeles Times that he had used human growth hormone .
After a handful of Cactus League appearances , it became clear that Gagne was n't ready for major league competition .
He initially agreed to go to minor league camp and try to work his way back to that level , but the Dodgers released him -- technically at Gagne 's request , although the release would have come even if he had n't asked for it -- on March 22 .
Who are the homeless ?
Why does it happen ?
There are as many stories as there are people who wind up on the street .
Many are homeless because of sexual abuse or domestic violence .
Some lost their jobs , and others had an accident .
A lot are disabled .
The common thread between them is that life dealt them instability .
Something pushed them to the curb , and nobody was there to catch their fall .
And the muck where they landed was so deep that they could n't climb out .
If you have no shoes , you can't get a job , but if you do n't have a job , you can buy no shoes .
Try to groom yourself when you do not have a bathroom .
Survive from day to day when the only thing in life is keeping the basics of body and soul together .
There is a threat of hunger and exposure to cold , but there is also crime .
Homeless people hide in silence because they are commonly victims of violence : assault , rape , hate crimes -- even murder for sport .
Homeless women are forced into the sex trade , and some into human trafficking -- particularly when they are young .
And none of them seem to matter that much .
Except when they matter to each other .
This is the story of Tent City 4 , a community of homeless people on Seattle 's eastside .
They are a small group -- less than 100 of the estimated 9000 people who are homeless in greater Seattle .
And the people who criticize them do so out of ignorance .
Folks do n't want tent cities in their neighborhoods , so they make up reasons to oppose them .
One very effective meme is that the tent cities encourage homelessness .
The irony burns .
This is Bruce , and if Tent City 4 was a blog , he would be Meteor Blades .
He serves as Camp Counselor , and he is the one who listens to pie fights and helps folks get along from day to day .
He is a community resident , and he works with a board of democratically elected tent city residents to make decisions about fairness , behavior code violations , rules , and regulations .
There is a high code of behavior at Tent City 4 -- they do not tolerate hate speech , and no drugs or alcohol are allowed .
Quiet time starts about 9:00 p , and it is strictly imposed until 8:00 a .
Mostly , though , the residents organize to look after each other , and keep the place safe .
There are member guards that take shifts protecting the community , and hostile behavior is simply not tolerated .
People who act badly cannot live in Tent City 4 .
This is a supportive environment .
People who live at Tent City 4 are there to look for jobs and create a new life for themselves .
The tent city is mobile , occupying property belonging to eastside churches who stand behind them -- moving from place to place every 90 days or so .
And they are surprisingly invisible .
But the churches help to support and protect them , and they provide some of the things that the tent city needs .
Tent City 4 has a telephone and a computer that 's hooked to the internet , so there is a place of contact for those who might get a callback from an potential employer .
They have a makeshift shower that looks damned chilly , but effective .
There have a small shed of donated clothing , blankets , sleeping bags , tarps , and there is a lot of hope that things will soon get better .
When I last visited Tent City 4 , one of the residents just learned that he had gotten a job .
Smiles went from ear to ear , and congratulations were everywhere .
And yes , a substantial portion of people who live there are working new jobs .
The tent city gives them a stable place and a shower until they can get on their feet and live on their own .
What they do n't have is food .
And the community as a whole will not use the food banks in their neighborhood .
The impact would be too high for any single food pantry -- and they do n't want to empty the shelves when other people depend on it .
The food they do get as a community is what charitable people choose to give them .
Sometimes people leave canned goods or rice on their doorstep , and often a local charity group or church might bring them a hot dinner .
They are n't guaranteed any meals , though , and if there is no food they do not eat .
A photo of their food preparation area and pantry tent is to the right , and it contains only the things that people think to drop on their doorstep .
That 's it , though .
It often is n't enough for 100 people , and the residents ultimately have to find food on their own .
Many who have no other means use foodbanks and soup kitchens for individual meals .
Organizations like Feeding America are truly a lifeline for these folks .
The food is a matter of life and death for millions of homeless , whether they live in tents , in shelters , in cars , or on the street .
ELIZABETH , N.J. —
Even as work crews and scientists mobilized over a huge oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico , high school students in this city were hard at work cleaning up another spill — in the virtual world .
Students like Christian Lopez jumped into an elaborate video game , called Spill , in which they assumed on - screen identities known as avatars to run cleanup efforts for the mayor of New City .
The game , devised to help students sharpen their business acumen and skills , was rolled out in more than 750 schools across the country as part of a business contest in March and April .
“ I thought it was going to be easier , ” said Mr. Lopez , 18 , whose avatar “ Chris ” made rookie mistakes like showing up in jeans and sneakers for an important meeting with the mayor .
His avatar also tried to cut corners in hiring a vendor , only to end up with a former convict .
“ It ’s not bad , ” he said , “ but you have to make the right decisions . ”
While not quite the eye - popping technology of the movie “ Avatar , ” schools are increasingly offering lessons in the virtual world as an alternative to textbooks and PowerPoint presentations .
Teachers and students say the use of avatars and virtual worlds in classes from health to economics pulls in even reluctant learners , and encourages problem - solving and higher - order thinking as classroom knowledge is applied to real - life situations .
The Hwange National Park is one of Zimbabwe 's top tourist attactions Wild animals reportedly caught in Zimbabwe and intended as a gift to North Korea may not survive in the Asian country , conservationists say .
" We 're very concerned , " Johny Rodrigues , chairman of the Zimbabwe Conservation Task Force , told the BBC .
He said the habitat may not be suitable for baby elephants , rhinos and other animals which he believed would be secretly flown in pairs to North Korea .
Zimbabwe 's state parks officials have not publicly commented on the issue .
North Korea has long been a close ally of Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe .
Modern - day ' Noah 's Ark ' Mr Rodrigues told the BBC he believed that wild animals - such as baby elephants , giraffes , rhinos and zebras - were being secretly caught in pairs in the past two months in the Hwange National Park , western Zimbabwe .
He said his organisation was alerted by one of the wardens in the park , who was concerned about the operation .
Mr Rodrigues also said witnesses had seen state parks vehicles towing cages in the area and the runway of the local airport being extended .
It is believed the animals are being kept in quarantine before being sent to North Korea .
" It 's such a secretive thing , " Mr Rodrigues said .
He said he believed that the airlift to the Communist state would go ahead after " a presidential decree " , which would guarantee that " no - one can touch " the secret cargo .
Mr Rodrigues added that his organisation was very concerned that some of the wild animals would not survive in the new environment in North Korea .
" We do n't know if the habitat is good enough for animals .
They are not used to it . "
There are particular concerns that the two baby elephants may not survive the airlift separated from their mothers .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
By Prachi Pinglay
BBC News , Yerawada jail , Maharashtra
The prison is surrounded by land on which the prisoners will work Yerawada prison is a place of contrasts .
In one part of the 17 - acre complex near the city of Pune in the Indian state of Maharashtra , 300 incarcerated women barely see the light of day and live in cramped , unhygienic conditions .
But another part of the prison is currently undergoing a makeover .
Here , women will soon be allowed to roam the premises and farmland in relative freedom .
This will be India 's first open prison for women .
Such jails have existed for men in India since the 1950s - the idea is that well - behaved inmates are transferred to the facility as a reward for their good behaviour after serving a few years of their sentence .
Overwhelming demand
The female prisoners at Yerawada 's open jail will get paid employment outdoors - mostly agricultural work .
More importantly , the remainder of their sentence will be cut by half .
[ The open female prisoners ] will get to step out , learn a skill , make some money and get their sentences reduced
Uddhav Kamble
However , the facility will only be available to convicted prisoners and not those awaiting trial .
Government officials say that they have selected most of the candidates for the 50 female places available in Yerawada 's open jail .
Needless to say , demand to get in is overwhelming .
Yerawada is one of the oldest central prisons in the country , and its 17 acres of fields means that there is plenty of agricultural work to keep open prisoners occupied .
" Selected women inmates will mostly work in fields during the day and return to barracks in the evening .
Our agricultural officer will train them .
They get to step out , learn a skill , make some money and get their sentences reduced , " Inspector General ( Prisons ) Uddhav Kamble explained .
Officials say there is hardly any risk of prisoners escaping because to do so would jeopardise their stay in the prison and their sentences being commuted .
The authorities do not allow journalists access to prisoners held at Yerawada but one former inmate of the closed jail says that an open prison has to be a good idea .
Security at the open prison will be non-existent Bharati's time in prison was characterised by painful memories which she says have scarred her life and the lives of her children .
She says that her husband was an alcoholic and one day returned home , collapsed and died .
She was accused of killing him .
She was arrested , imprisoned and her two sons were left to cope with these events on their own .
It took months before she was released on bail and the case is still pending in court .
Bharati's difficulties in jail were similar to those faced by countless other female prisoners .
" Sometimes you get dragged into fights of inmates ...
I was constantly worried about my children .
I could only meet them only once a week or two .
It was difficult as there was no - one to organise money for my defence .
" Many women were like me and would have relished the opportunity of a more liberal prison regime . "
Huge factor
One prison official who looks after around 300 closed inmates is also enthusiastic about the concept .
The scheme should be extended to all women prisoners - convicts and those awaiting trial
Bharati , former Yerawada inmate " Can you imagine how they would feel to step out in fresh air ?
They are allowed out of the barracks but it is only within the high walls of the prison .
To be able to get out and work in the open will do wonders for these women .
It will enable them to see the road , buildings and other people .
It will help them tremendously . "
Currently male convicts detained within the Yerawada complex grow aubergines , tomatoes , corn and spinach .
The vegetables are sent to the jail kitchen .
Medha Gadgil is the government official who pushed for female open jails .
She told the BBC that female prisoners had been deprived of key benefits .
" There are four such jails in Maharashtra alone for men and many more in other states .
Now women convicts will also be able to get the benefits , " she said .
Social activists say that the move to introduce women 's open prisons is long overdue .
India is a country where many female inmates are in prison because of crimes they have committed in response to domestic violence at home .
They say that much more effort needs to be made to rehabilitate female offenders .
Bharati echoes this thought .
" Working in the fields will make women feel better , " she said .
" It should be extended to all women prisoners - convicts and those awaiting trial - so that they can start work after being released . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
We offer you just 28 beautifully unique rooms , appointed rooms with a caribbean view , allowing us to personalize our service to each guest .
Whether you reserve a hotel room or choose our “ gourmet a la carte meal plan ” service , you will enjoy the perfect blend of luxury , warmth , authentic mexican hospitality and peaceful harmony with the surrounding natural beauty .
Our rooms are designed with a modern regional style , which allows you to experience all the amenities of a large luxury hotel , but in a unique , exclusive and private environment that allows you to have your own space and bring your vacation dreams to life .
a collection of particles held together by the force of a soul and its memory
One study after another purports to chronicle how much intellectual property piracy hurts the economy , and contributes to every societal ill from terrorism to child porn and slavery .
A new study unveiled Tuesday sets out to examine intellectual property in a different light :
How fair use – which does n't require permission from the copyright holder – actually benefits the economy .
The trade group , Computer & Communications Industry Association , in a follow - up to its 2007 report , asks : " What contribution is made to our economy by industries that depend on the limitations to copyright protection when engaged in commerce ? "
For the year 2007 , the fair - use economy accounted for $ 4.7 trillion in revenue ( .pdf ) and $ 2.2 trillion in value added , roughly one - sixth the total gross domestic product of the United States , according to the study .
The fair - use economy also employed more than 17 million people with a $ 1.2 trillion payroll .
Fair - use - dependent industries include educational institutions , search engines , web hosting providers , software developers and device manufacturers , among others .
To be sure , the government urges caution when analyzing the economics of intellectual property .
Still , we thought we'd throw this study into the mix because of its novel approach .
" The protection afforded by fair use and other limitations and exceptions has been a major contributing factor to these economic gains , and will continue to support growth as the U.S. economy becomes even more dependent on information industries , " the study said .
The association 's membership includes Microsoft , Google , eBay , AMD , Yahoo , Oracle and others .
Under the Copyright Act , fair use is not copyright infringement .
In the software context , for example , software development depends on making temporary copies of copyrighted software to facilitate the programming of interoperability .
Photo : AMagill **/ Flickr
See Also :
Support Killing the Buddha
Killing the Buddha is your independent online home for great writing from the margins of faith , written by and for questioners since 2000 .
Support our boisterous band of Buddha - killers by becoming a member with a regular donation to our parent organization , Margins of Faith , Inc. , a registered 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) nonprofit .
All donations are fully tax - deductible .
May 14 , 2010 12:11 IST
T he world 's biggest filmmaker , James Cameron , has offered his fleet of private submarines to BP ( formerly British Petroleum ) , to assist the company in stopping the massive oil flow threatening the Gulf of Mexico , caused by its leaking oil rig , the Deepwater Horizon .
According to an article in The Telegraph , the director behind mega - blockbusters Titanic and Avatar is willing to lend BP the privately - owned vessels , which he 's owned since filming Titantic more than a decade ago , to help the company 's below - sea repair efforts in the Gulf .
Thanks to his runaway box office success with the Terminator series , Titanic and Avatar , Cameron is a billionaire .
The only problem with his plan -- which sounds like a plot line from one of his action films -- is that the vessels are currently in Lake Baikal , Siberia , in the former USSR , many thousands of miles away from the accident site .
A Guardian report said that BP described Cameron 's offer as generous , but added that it was working with ExxonMobil , Chevron and various US agencies , as part of an overall rescue effort that numbers 5,500 vessels and numerous planes .
While BP is currently using 12 remotely operated submarines to carry out its repair work underseas , it said it would contact the US Department of Defence if it needed manned submarines .
This implements the client side of connections to virtual world environments like Linden Labs ' Second Life or OpenSim ( http://opesimulator.org), sometimes known as the " metaverse " .
Because of the lack of SSL implementations for Haskell , you currently need to set up stunnel for initial login step for worlds ( like Second Life ) that use secure login pages .
With games retail relying more and more on exchange and the sales of pre-owned titles it is probably no surprise that publishers - who obviously only get revenue from the initial sale - are coming up with some new ways to make money .
DLC is a big factor but Electronic Arts have gone further than most .
Project Ten -Dollar has already seen the likes of Mass Effect 2 require purchasers of pre-owned copies to pay for access to online services that were initially included for free .
Now it looks like things will be going further .
EA has announced that all EA Sports games released after next month will come with an Online Pass that is required to play online .
This code is included with all new copies of the game but if you pick up a pre-owned copy you will need to pay to play online - probably around , you 've guessed it , ten dollars .
So how does it work ?
Andrew Wilson , SVP of EA Sports explains :
Every game will come with a game - specific , one - time use registration code with each unit sold new at retail .
With your Online Pass , you 'll have access to multiplayer online play , group features like online dynasty and leagues , user created content , and bonus downloadable content for your game including , for example , a new driver in Tiger .
Of course , the main reason this is likely to cause a fuss is :
If the original access code has been redeemed and fans wish to get access to the online content ( for example , if you pick up a used copy ) , you can access a free 7 - day trial or additional Online Passes will be available for $ 10 .
Remain unconvinced ?
Wilson sums it up :
We want to reserve EA Sports online services for people who pay EA to access them .
Clearly EA are trying to encourage sales of new games rather than pre-owned - but is this move a sign of things to come ?
What do you think then ?
Annoyed that you will need to buy FIFA 11 new to play online for " free " ?
Or is this just to be expected now given the huge amount of pre-owned sales ?
A 12 - year - old boy has become the youngest bowler
to earn money at a Professional Bowlers Association event -- but he
ca n't spend that cash right away .
Kamron Doyle of Brentwood , Tenn. , finished 30th in the PBA's
Canton ( Ga. ) Open Regional tournament Sunday , receiving $ 400 that
will be deposited into a scholarship account .
Bowling as a non-PBA member , he had a 2,797 13 - game pinfall
total for a 215.1 average .
The sixth - grader was competing against a
94 - player field that included some of the top regional and national
tour professional players from the organization 's South region .
He was already the youngest bowler to roll a United States
Bowling Congress - certified 800 series .
He became interested in the
sport when he attended a friend 's bowling birthday party at the age
of 7 .
" After that he was hooked , " his mother , Cathy , said , according to PBA.com .
" Before we knew it he was bowling three days a week and at this point I think he 's got about 60 bowling balls . "
Doyle said he 's already thinking about his future in the sport , according to the PBA.com .
" When I 'm ready for college I 'd like to go to Wichita State or Weber State because they are two of the top bowling schools , " he said , according to the report .
" After that I 'd like to bowl on the PBA Tour . "
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report .
Britain - based Pinkstinks advocates against putting girls " into a pretty little box " through aggressively pink and beauty - oriented toys .
I 'm all for it .
But how do I explain my childhood obsession with an inexcusable little game called Perfect Wedding ?
Advertisement
As profiled by Time , twin sisters Abi and Emma Moore have been crusading against the prevalence of pink and hyperfeminine toys , and created a website to put forward more gender - neutral alternatives .
And with good reason :
Emma
Moore says she 's growing more determined as she sees her 7 - year - old beginning to worry about her looks and weight .
" I 'm definitely motivated by not wanting to catch her looking in the mirror and saying ' I hate my body , I hate myself . ' "
Advertisement
Of course , the Moores are by no means the first to notice that the notion that women are alternately decorative and motherly starts at the toy store .
( Interestingly , they argue that it has gotten worse lately , perhaps as a result of increased anxiety over blurred gender roles . )
Women influenced by second - wave feminism raised a generation of girls — many Jezebel staffers among them — who were steered away from such messages with the best of intentions .
Naturally , in a universe where sexist toys stubbornly stuck around , this made them all the more alluring .
" Wanted it all - Barbie kitchen and dream house and every gown .
Got none of it .
Had to play with gender - neutral toys and wear overalls , " says Sadie .
" When they finally caved and got me a wooden kitchen set , it really was n't the same thing ! "
And Jenna bemoans her one doll at age 9 .
" You ca n't just play with one doll , " she says , so she would go over to a friend 's house to play with her Barbies .
" When I got older , like 11 - 12 or so , my mother would give me old issues of Ms. to read on rainy days , probably in an attempt to undo the damage . "
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Aside from a brief nail polish and makeup ban after she read Reviving Ophelia and an unmovable aversion to video games ( until my brothers came along ) , my mom was more or less content to let my sister and me play however we wanted .
And despite being a gawky bookworm with an early interest in feminism , what I wanted , often , was to be a real - life Barbie in the early 90s mold .
My sister and I even had piles of notebooks in which we plotted out our consumerist , married - to - New Kids On The Block domestic bliss .
And which I someday plan to exhume for public airing , embarrassment notwithstanding .
( For the record , I was married to Donnie . )
I do n't remember how Perfect Wedding came into the picture , whether it was a gift or my own autonomous buy - in into the wedding industrial complex .
From a feminist perspective , it 's hard to imagine a more offensive concoction .
In my recollection , you competed to purchase everything — the ring , the dress , the honeymoon — but the groom .
In fact , the Internet serves better than my memory : You also purchase the groom .
Advertisement
I am by no means alone in having had these childhood proclivities .
By now , playing with Barbie is the universal symbol of conflicted anti-sexist impulses .
And Barbie herself is the tip of the iceberg .
" Not just Barbie , but I had a Barbie LAUNDROMAT , " says Jessica .
" I wanted her doing housework , like a woman should ! "
Hortense loved her easy - bake oven .
" Even though it made brownies that tasted like dirt . "
Advertisement
Yet here we are , studiously deployed in the combat of such messages to girls and women .
We somehow emerged intact — not immune to internalized sexism , of course , but able to think clearly and beyond it .
Was my love of Perfect Wedding a form of Stockholm Syndrome , its effective antidote parents who expected me to be more than a future wife and an internship at Ms.?
Or was it just a really , evilly fun game and not much more ?
Advertisement
Not So Pretty in Pink : Are Girls ' Toys Too Girly ? [ Time ]
Share this on Twitter ( opens in a new window )
Share this on Facebook ( opens in a new window )
Merry ModNation Monday Everyone !
This week the Spotlight hits the one and only Kevin Butler .
You know a lot of things about our VP of … well … .
EVERYTHING , but did you know he had an artsy side ?
It was news to everyone in the office too .
( And all that time I thought he was taking notes . )
Watch as Kevin get himself “ Modified ” , see his particular approach to Track Creation , and wait to see a showdown of EPIC proportions at the end .
It ’s the stuff of legend .
Like Kevin‘s Creations ?
Download them starting May 25th once your get your full copy of ModNation Racers ( PS3 ) .
Just search under PSN ID : ArtistSpotlight1
Do n’t forget the ModNation PS3 Demo hits PSN tomorrow so I hope your engines are revved up !
I ’ll leave you with my favorite screen shot to date -
A Family that Races together , Stays Together
Only 7 DAYS left to pre-order folks !
Have a great week everyone , more goodies to come right here on the PS .
Blog !
Phishing may not be the most sophisticated form of cyber crime , but it can be a lucrative trade for those who decide to make it their day jobs .
Indeed , data secretly collected from an international phishing operation over 18 months suggests that criminals who pursue a career in phishing can reap millions of dollars a year , even if they only manage to snag just a few victims per scam .
Phishers often set up their fraudulent sites using ready - made “ phish kits ” — collections of HTML , text and images that mimic the content found at major banks and e-commerce sites .
Typically , phishers stitch the kits into the fabric of hacked , legitimate sites , which they then outfit with a “ backdoor ” that allows them to get back into the site at any time .
About a year and a half ago , investigators at Charleston , S.C. based PhishLabs found that one particular backdoor that showed up time and again in phishing attacks referenced an image at a domain name that was about to expire .
When that domain finally came up for grabs , PhishLabs registered it , hoping that they could use it to keep tabs on new phishing sites being set up with the same kit .
The trick worked : PhishLabs collected data on visits to the site for roughly 15 months , and tracked some 1,767 Web sites that were hacked and seeded with the phishing kit that tried to pull content from the domain that PhishLabs had scooped up .
PhishLabs determined that most of the phishing sites were likely set up by a single person — a man in Lagos , Nigeria that PhishLabs estimates was responsible for about 1,100 of the phishing sites the company tracked over the 15 month experiment .
“ This guy was setting up two to three new phishing sites each day , ” Phishlabs founder and president John LaCour said .
“ If you accept conservative estimates , that this guy is stealing about 10 [ sets of ] banking credentials per phish , and that conservatively each of these stolen credentials causes $ 500 in losses , we ’re talking about more than $ 4 million a year he ’s probably making . ”
When PhishLabs plotted the guy ’s daily online activity , the resulting graph displayed like a bell curve showing the sort of hourly workload you ’d typically see in a regular 9 - 5 job , LaCour said .
“ In the middle of the day he ’s super busy , and in the mornings and evenings he ’s not .
So this is very much his day job . ”
Successful though he may be , the Nigerian phisher spied on by PhishLabs is a small fry compared to some of the more organized phishing gangs in operation today .
According to a report ( pdf ) released last week by the Anti-Phishing Working Group , an industry consortium , roughly two thirds of all phishing attacks in the second half of last year were the work one organized crime gang known as the “ Avalanche ” phishing operation .
Incidentally , experts believe this is the same gang responsible for spamming out the copies of Zeus and other Trojan horse programs that have been used in the attacks on small businesses I have been chronicling for the past year .
Tags : John LaCour , phishing , PhishLabs
When Clicker launched last fall it seemed like just another me - too streaming video aggregator , but we 'll have to give it another look after it 's followed up its Boxee integration by showing off the HTML5 - built Clicker.tv site at Google I /O today .
Designed as a " ten-foot " experience for TV screens it can be perused via mouse and keyboard or just a remote , bringing Clicker 's index of video including network TV , webisodes and web - only content , plus premium sources like Amazon VOD and iTunes .
It 's currently in beta , but if leaning back and browsing from the couch is your thing -- or on the off chance someone launches a Google TV with Intel processor , support for all those streaming codecs we love and a QWERTY remote from Logitech tomorrow -- it could be worth bookmarking .
Our family went to Camp Consequence this past weekend .
It was brutal for kids and parents .
It was me , hubby , difficult child and our somewhat compliant children - 9 yo , 7 yo , 7yo .
Our 3 year old was too young for camp so she stayed with a relative .
I had to lie to difficult child to get her there .
Well , I did n't lie but I let her think we were going home .
It was n't until we pulled in the correctional facility that she realized something was going on .
( The camp is on the grounds of our local jail . )
Fortunately , they were prepared & knew how to deal with her when she flipped out .
My job was to get out of the van and to lock the door behind her when she got out so that she would n't try to get back in .
She did indeed flip out !
She cried and carried on for 2 hours .
Then she put her jumpsuit on and complied with the program 100 % for the rest of the weekend .
I wo n't lie .
Camp was miserable .
We could NOT talk to our kids until Sunday .
We worked in a garden with the kids on Saturday but we were n't allowed to talk to our kids at all .
I was n't able to comfort my 7 yo when he was put in a time out .
( He had run up and told me he wanted to go home . )
Poor kid sobbed & it broke my heart .
The parents came back from the garden earlier then the kids and we worked on our family plan , mapping out rules and consequences .
And the results so far ??
Our home has already changed dramatically .
Our younger kids were having a REALLY hard time getting to bed .
In the past , I 'd kindly ask then husband would ask but they would n't really get in bed & stay in bed until one of us blew .
That problem has been solved .
It makes our evenings so much nicer !
And that was from our somewhat compliant children .
Our difficult child ??
She has been VERY compliant .
She did tell me that she was just faking it and that she still planned on doing what she wanted .
We found out that she 's been smoking pot and she told me that she plans on cutting back now .
Cutting back ????
As a part of camp , we visited the women in jail and they told us how they got there .
90 % of them are in jail for drug charges .
A little pot turned into other addictions which turned into prostitution for some of the women .
One of the girls was arrested for having a few pot SEEDS in her wallet .
She 's been in jail for 9 months waiting for her court date .
Some of the girls were arrested because they were simply around others were got busted .
Oye !
And my strong - willed difficult child is just going to cut back ???
We had her do a drug test on Sunday and it was negative so we know she is clear now .
We 'll do another one soon .
I have no doubt that we are in the honeymoon phase and that things will explode at some point .
But for now ... I 'm really happy .
Oh and she earned her first negative consequence for causing me to be late yesterday .
I wish you could have seen difficult child 's face when she saw that we had the fridge locked !
Legally , you have to provide food for your child but it does n't have to be what they want .
So , I locked up all the snacky food & cereals .
She got mad which is really the desired effect .
Anyhow , the program is working & I feel in control .
No more yelling !
Yay !
When the FCC issued its National Broadband Plan earlier this year , it set some modest goals for the nation : 100 Mbps to 100 million homes by 2020 , universal service of 4 M bps everywhere .
Australia plans to do things ... a bit differently .
Within the next eight years , the Australian government will spend AUS $ 43 billion ( US $ 38 billion ) to build its own " world - class broadband infrastructure " that will deploy fiber to 93 percent of all Australian homes and bring 12 M bps broadband to everyone else .
The network will be wholesale only and will be open access , enabling every ISP to use the fiber to offer services .
What about the presence of a " highly profitable vertically - integrated and horizontally - integrated incumbent with a monopoly position in most fixed - line access in many backhaul routes " ?
( This is a reference to Telstra , which controls most of the copper telephone line in the country . )
Well , Telstra can partner with the government and make a bit of money off the rollout , or it can choose not to cooperate and the government will do what it wants anyway .
The message is clear : Australia refuses to be held back by the business decisions of a single company .
As a new report on the Australian plan makes clear , there 's not much attempt to make this easier on Telstra .
" Existing participants will need to adapt to succeed , " says the government report .
Aim high
The new report ( PDF ) , out today from consultants at McKinsey and KPMG , is an " implementation study " to make sure the government 's plan is feasible — and the report is remarkably positive .
The government initially planned to spend AUS $ 43 billion ( about US $ 38.9 billion ) and build a fiber network that would reach 90 percent of Australian homes .
The rest would get wireless broadband , while the truly rural would have access to a new class of satellite service that can deliver a least 12 M bps to the entire country .
Too modest !
says the report .
Instead , Australia should bump its fiber build up to 93 percent , provide fixed wireless service for four percent , and Ka- band satellite service for the remaining three percent — and it can all be done in eight years and on budget .
( Australia will apparently launch two of its own Ka-band satellites to provide a redundant national connection serving up to 350,000 homes . )
Cost breakdown ( source : implementation report )
" The new fiber infrastructure covering 90 + percent of premises will be long - lived and will redefine the current industry structure , superseding the copper network that has been in place for over 50 years in many places , " says the report " the fiber laid over the next decade will be in place for possibly as long again . "
As for Telstra , there 's not much consolation here .
The new fiber buildout will produce a " fundamentally different industry structure ...
This change will accelerate the evolution of the industry .
At times this may be smooth ; at other times it will be uneven .
New business models and companies will emerge . "
The incumbent can make money by doing a comprehensive deal with the government to " share infrastructure such as ducts , pits , exchanges , and unused backhaul fibers . "
Telstra has over 100,000 km of conduit in the ground already , and it 's estimated that 50 - 80 percent of these ducts still have unused space to run fiber .
This could save the government significant money in trenching costs if Telstra will sell access .
Likewise , the incumbent has plenty of dark fiber installed around the country to serve as backhaul links between exchanges ; the government could also save the expense of laying its own fiber over these routes if it partners with Telstra .
But it 's clear that the new network wo n't be held hostage to Telstra 's demands .
The consultants conclude that , in the absence of an agreement , [ the fiber network ] should proceed to build both its access network and its backhaul unilaterally . "
" Fiber " : Australian for " broadband "
Because of its harsh interior geography , nearly all Australians live on the perimeter of the country .
The report notes that only 9 percent of the country 's land mass is inhabited , and 90 percent of the people live in just 0.2 percent of the space .
It 's relatively easy and inexpensive to run fiber to these locations , but it 's still a big job that will take years to complete .
Just think about what 's involved : fiber will run alongside almost every road in the country .
The report notes that 250,000 km of fiber optic cabling will be needed and that the new network will have to make " 5,000 customer visits per workday " for eight years to hook everyone up .
The obvious downside of this approach is that no other wireline competitors will likely emerge to challenge the government - controlled fiber network .
On the other hand , there 's not that much competition right now ; only 20 percent of Australian homes can get cable service , and most others are left with lines from Telstra ( which does resell to numerous ISPs , but it retains control of the access network ) .
To encourage competition , the government will not enter the ISP business itself .
Instead , the plan is to wholesale fiber connections out to ISPs , and the network will be open to every ISP that wishes to participate .
This is similar to what Google plans to do with its 1 Gbps testbed fiber network somewhere in the US — but over an entire country .
The report expects that wholesale prices should start at AUS$ 30 - 35 ( US $ 27 - 32 ) per month for 20 M bps broadband with voice service .
Australia 's plan may never have worked for the US : we have much stronger duopoly competition than Australia , and a company like Verizon has already invested $ 18 billion - 20 billion in fiber .
Also , population density is different between the US and Australia .
Still , it 's an exciting project to watch , and it certainly makes us wonder what the US would look like with fiber to 90 + percent of homes and a healthy ISP competition over that fiber .
( Google 's project seems designed to make US residents think about the possibility . )
But for now , we watch .
We wait .
And we hope our own rural residents are happy enough with their 2 M bps connections — when they can get broadband at all .
Before Joss Whedon recently hooked up ( again ) with Marvel to helm and rewrite The Avengers film , he shot a 42 - minute short film called Dr. Horrible ’s Sing - Along Blog which is coming to Blu-ray on May 25 .
Dr. Horrible ’s Sing - Along Blog stars Neil Patrick Harris ( How I Met Your Mother ) as a super villain having trouble finding success in conquering the world or winning the girl ( Felicia Day ) .
Standing in his way is Nathan Fillion ( Firefly , Castle ) , a dashing hero who has his eyes on the same girl .
Dr. Horrible ’s Sing - Along Blog will arrive on Blu-ray in 1.33:1 1080 p video and 2.0 Dolby Digital audio .
Over 90 minutes of bonus features will include the following :
Commentary with the cast and creators
“ Commentary !
The Musical ” : 42 minutes of all new music where the cast and creators ignore the movie and sing about the writers ’ strike … and each other
Behind - the - scenes featurettes on the making of the movie and the music
The top 10 video applications submitted by fans who want to join the Evil League of Evil
Three Easter eggs : blooper reel , rehearsal footage , and up - close - and - personal interviews with the members of the Evil League of Evil
Click here to pre-order Dr. Horrible ’s Sing - Along Blog on Blu-ray for $ 13.99 at Amazon.com .
Even by the standards of China , Huang Guangyu 's rise was meteoric .
He left school and his impoverished home at 16 .
By 36 he was a billionaire , the founder of a retailing giant and the wealthiest man in the country .
But the entrepreneur 's fall proved just as abrupt .
At 41 , he is beginning a 14 - year prison sentence following his conviction for bribery , insider trading and illegal foreign exchange dealings .
His fortune was valued at between $ 2.7bn ( £ 1.83bn ) and $ 6bn .
But in November 2008 , shortly after he topped the Hurun rich list , he was detained and accused of manipulating stock prices .
Today the state news agency Xinhua reported that a court in Beijing had jailed him , fined him 600 m yuan ( £ 60 m ) and confiscated property worth 200 m yuan .
His wife , Du Juan , was fined 200 m yuan and sentenced to three and a half years for insider trading , Xinhua said .
Huang , also known as Wong Kwong Yu , was born into poverty in Chaoshan , southern China .
He dropped out of school in 1985 and went into business with his elder brother with 4,000 yuan borrowed from friends and family .
Like many entrepreneurs at the time , they realised that cheap products from fast - developing southern China could be sold for considerably more in the north .
It was not always smooth going .
Huang once recalled trying to trade fabric , only to discover than no one liked the patterns he had chosen .
" The material and the issue of seasons made my head ache .
I could not work it out .
But electrical appliances are used by everyone , so there is not a big risk , " he said .
One story , possibly apocryphal , involves them stacking empty boxes on their stall because they could not afford stock .
If a customer wanted a product , they would rush off to buy it from another vendor .
Huang proved equally canny when he founded the Gome chain of home appliance retailers .
" Prior to Huang and Gome , the idea of retail in China was to get your customer into the shop and sell them something as expensive as possible , " said Rupert Hoogewerf , whose Hurun rich list put Huang in the top spot in 2005 , 2006 and 2008 .
" He turned that idea on its head and basically said : if you come to Gome , we will give you the best possible prices . "
Huang also invested in advertising and launched aggressive takeover bids so the chain could keep expanding .
China 's rapid urbanisation fuelled the boom .
But doing business also required good connections .
" The nature of retail in the early days was such that each region probably had a dominant state - owned retail competitor .
When you are dealing with these sorts of competitors , it would n't surprise me at all if you ended up getting into bed with some rather unpleasant characters , " Hoogewerf said .
Five senior police and tax officials were detained or questioned in relation to the investigation into Huang , state media have reported .
But while leaders have stressed the need to tackle widespread corruption , observers say prosecutions reflect personal connections as much as the seriousness of alleged crimes .
" [ The case ] shocked a lot of the entrepreneurial class - the fact he was taken down , but also the fact he allowed himself to be .
It 's one thing to be ambitious and have a good business but another not to have put in place protective measures - cultivating government relations that would be able to avoid things getting to the courts .
He has to have done something pretty bad or upset someone pretty important , " said Hoogewerf .
" The water is pretty murky . "
What prompted the investigation is unclear , but some believe that attempts to cultivate friends in high places made him a target .
" If you cosy up to a particular politician , by default that politician 's enemies will be yours , " Hoogewerf said .
" Huang 's case is not unique ; it gained more attention because he was the richest person in China , " said Liu Shanying , an analyst at the Institute of Political Science in the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences .
" If you want to do business , it is hard for you to make it big without a good relationship with government .
Of course , [ that ] is not a bad thing .... but during the process of building up a good relationship , it is easy for the owner of the power and the owner of the business to exchange interests privately . "
Liu added that people had been expecting more senior officials to be named in connection with the case .
Even if Huang serves his full sentence he will be only 55 when he is released .
And while he resigned as chairman of Gome following his detention , he still holds a third of its shares .
And last week three executives from Bain Capital – an American private equity firm that invested in the company last summer - were ousted from the board by shareholders affiliated with Huang .
The executives were subsequently reinstalled .
But it looks as if the tycoon 's remarkable story may contain a few more chapters .
Jared DiPane - Where
While out and about , and in need of information , it can be a bit of a pain to search through several different applications for different pieces of information .
Where is a great application that compiles many different topics all in one , which creates a one stop application for most needs while on the go .
In this application you are able to view local weather , check the news , search for coupons , check gas prices and search the Yellow pages .
I have found myself out in various places , and in need of some information and heading right to my Where application , and never being disappointed .
For those with busy lives , or who need quick access to information while on the go , I strongly recommend checking out this free application .
Free [ Market link ]
Dieter Bohn - Astro File Manager
This is my file manager and unsigned app installer .
There are many like it , but this one is mine .
It 's fast , works cleanly for my needs , and has a clear and coherent interface .
Recently updated to v.2.3.0 with better memory management , SFTP support , languages and the ability to search text within files .
Free [ Market link ]
DarthPooh ( aka Keith Newman ) - Seesmic Twitter client
Now that I am back to Android , I decided not to install Twidroid Pro on my Hero , thanks to Seesmic 's Twitter Client .
It has a ton of great features that are usually reserved for paid or ad - supported apps , which , by the way , Seesmic is neither .
It has support for multiple accounts , location , notifications , photo & video uploading and URL shortening services .
There is no " shake to reload " option with Seesmic ; but it 's not a deal breaker since getting back to the top with a touch to reload the feed is just as intuitive .
Free [ Market link ]
Phil Nickinson - CyanogenMod Updater
If you 've ever used a custom ROM ( more on that here ) , you know that frequent updates are a curse as much as a blessing , having to keep up with the latest build , then copying over and flashing the ROM .
But chef extraordinaire Cyanogen has made things as simple as they get with Cyanogen Updater .
Run it , download any updates to the CM ROM you 're currently using , and it can automatically reboot into recovery and apply the update .
A must - have for anyone running a CM ROM .
Free ( requires root , custom ROM ) [ Market link ]
Jerry Hildenbrand - Bookmark Backup and Restore
Bookmark Backup and Restore is one of those apps that should have been built into Android .
It allows you to backup your bookmarks to a file on your SD card , and restore from that file any time you have the need .
It also has a great little perk for Sense UI users - it can change the order of the bookmarks on the full screen widget .
You wo n't know how nice this is until you wish you could do it .
Until Android has a built in option to back up your browser bookmarks natively to Google Bookmarks , this app will save your bacon if you like to tinker and flash software to your phone .
Free [ Market link ]
A GREAT - grandfather from Blackbird Leys was left shocked after being told to pay more rent in advance – just in case he dies .
Michael Sherry , 70 , was stunned when he was sent the letter from his landlord , Oxford Citizens Housing Association ( OCHA ) .
The letter , detailing his direct debit rent payments for the next year , stated his monthly payment included an additional £ 13 to increase the credit in his account .
It explained that tenants were encouraged to be a month in credit to cover costs “ in the unfortunate event of a resident dying ” .
Mr Sherry said OCHA ’s insensitive wording had upset him and his family , and the policy itself “ beggared belief ” .
He added : “ They want you to build up a month ’s money in case you die .
Do they want a month ’s notice of you dying ?
I was shocked by it .
“ They are going to get interest on that money , not the tenants . ”
The issue arose after Mr Sherry , a retired lorry driver , questioned OCHA ’s rent calculation on his one - bed flat in Fry ’s Court .
The housing association accepted that Mr Sherry ’s calculation of £ 192 was correct but wanted to keep the payments at £ 205 to increase his credit .
In a letter OCHA stated that a month ’s credit was encouraged because : “ In the unfortunate event of a resident dying , housing benefit payments stop on the date of death , whereas the tenancy does not end for a further four weeks .
It is good to be in credit so that family or next of kin are not burdened with finding the rent money . ”
The letter also said credit was encouraged because rent and charges were due in advance .
Last night , OCHA apologised for the upset the letter had caused and promised to choose its words more carefully in future .
OCHA spokesman Nick Taylor said : “ Payment of rent in advance is a standard requirement of our tenancy agreements and we explained this when writing to the resident concerned .
“ However , we accept that it was unnecessary and inappropriate to also mention what happens in relation to rent payment when a resident has died .
“ We regret any upset this letter has caused and will review the wording of future letters carefully .
“ OCHA works hard to support and advise all residents and we always try to be flexible to suit individual circumstances . ”
Mr Sherry said : “ I am happy they are taking that wording out . ”
Megan Fox's Ass
By Dustin Rowles | Film | May 28 , 2010 |
The Sex and the City movies are a uniquely no -win situation for everyone involved — the filmmakers and the cast , who are trying to give the audience what they want , and the critics ( who are n’t being paid millions of dollars to be put in this position ) , who are called upon to pass judgment on what it is the target audience wants .
They ’re bad movies , and I do n’t think anyone — including those who willingly pay to see them — will dispute that .
They ’re poorly scripted , over - the - top , badly acted , and dumb .
Really fucking dumb .
And depending on your perspective , they ’re offensive , too .
So , it ’s something of a competition among critics .
The few female critics — or at least the respected ones — angle to out - feminist one another in their critiques , while the male critics — who make up the largest percentage of reviewers — aim to out - trash the movie , all the while maintaining that their gender ( or the fact that they never watched the series ) has no bearing on their critiques while also defending the occasional charge of misogyny , some fair , some not so fair ( it ’s probably fair to assume that certain male critics — especially those that seldom get laid — use the occasion to air their grievances against the female gender ) .
I have to concede , however , that the gender of the critic does play a role , maybe not in assessing the quality of the movie , but in placing it in the right cultural context .
For instance , nobody liked Transformers 2 , either , and collectively we piled a lot of vitriol upon that shit - heap .
But little , if any , of that vitriol was directed at the millions of teenage boys — both literally and figuratively — who saw it .
Meanwhile , many of the attacks on SATC do feel gender oriented .
It ’s a movie specifically aimed at a female audience , and it ’s not out of line for that audience — whether they like the movie or not — to take umbrage with some of the characterizations of those critiques .
I see it this way : SATC is the female equivalent of Transformers , and the excessive wardrobe budget is not that dissimilar to paying $ 8 million to plaster Megan Fox ’s ass all over a movie .
Yet , men get a pass for paying $ 10 to watch Megan Fox ’s ass bounce up and down a movie set , while women are maligned as vapid or shallow for taking the same pleasure in gawking at shoes and the various male objects of fantasy that are scattered throughout the SATC movies .
It is a double standard .
But double standard or not , it does n’t change the fact that Sex and the City 2 is an embarrassingly terrible film .
It ’s two - and - a - half hours of well - lit , well - dressed emptiness .
There is nothing in this movie that is n’t designed to feature different aspects of the extravagant wardrobe , just like Transformers 2 is specifically designed to set up extravagant action sequences .
The story , in either respect , is non-existent .
But that ’s beside the point , is n’t it ?
Take this pull quote from the LAT ’s positive review of Prince of Persia : “ It ’s like two hours of July 4th fireworks , only with flying swords and sandstorms , and raging battles and mystical palaces rising out of the desert . ”
I do n’t see how SATC is any different , if you replace the swords , sandstorms , and battles with shoes , outfits , and hats — even SATC has a mystical palace rising out of the desert .
You ca n’t necessarily disqualify this shitty escapist movie because it appeals to a different demographic , can you ?
They just use different set pieces .
There ’s a definite narrative pattern in SATC 2 : Each of the four women does something banal individually , followed by a scene in which they get together and process that banality , usually while drinking and wearing something colorful or with feathers .
Carrie ( Sarah Jessica Parker ) is contending with a rutted marriage .
After two years of matrimonial bliss , Big ( Chris Noth ) likes to come home and watch television ; Carrie is afraid they ’re going to become an old married couple .
Meanwhile , Samantha ( Kim Catrall ) is dealing with menopause by resorting to a vigorous vitamin regimen designed to keep old age at bay .
This regimen also includes rubbing lotion on her vagina at the workplace .
Charlotte has two children , one of which cries constantly , who are driving her insane , despite the fact that she has a full - time nanny , who she feels slightly threatened by because the nanny talks with an accent and does n’t wear a bra .
Also , she likes to run .
Finally , Miranda has an asshole for a boss , and she ’s trying to get out from beneath an abusive employment situation and find the proper balance between her professional and personal lives .
Rather than deal with their problems , the four women take a week - long trip to Abu Dhabi , where they alternatively drink and process , drink and process .
If you were so inclined , there ’s a lot you could take offense to here :
Their disrespect of the culture , the extravagance they are afforded ( they each get their own luxury car and their own butler ) , and the way they choose to comport themselves — not just in Abu Dhabi , but in the entire movie — while the country is mired in a recession .
Is it tactless to release a movie that glorifies consumption during hard economic times ?
It seems like a petty complaint to lob against a Hollywood movie , which are often about wish fulfillment .
But it ’s an easy critique to offer up .
Most offensive of all to me , however , were the groan - worthy puns and the hideous word play littered throughout the film ( “ Abu Dhabi Doo ! ” “ Bedouin , Bath and Beyond , ” “ Lawrence of my Labia ” ) .
In the end , of course , everything resolves nicely .
There ’s not a lot of conflict to speak of in Sex and the City 2 .
It ’s an endless and tedious succession of hats and shoes and dresses , in much the same way that Transformers 2 is an endless and tedious succession of asses and fights and explosions .
I do n’t find much value in either , though I suppose I ’m less inclined to quibble with Megan Fox ’s ass in much the same way some may not quibble as much with close - ups of shoes .
I ’ll grant , too , that there are some passing nods to strong female role models in the movie , and the way the characters claim represent them .
If you define female empowerment as the ability to fuck and spend without remorse or regret , wear the latest in fashion , saddle your children with full - time nannies , and be as vapid and narcissistic as you please , then the feminist aspect must be considered a success .
After all , do n’t we celebrate the same in many male characters , like Wall Street ’s Gordon Gekko ?
As a critic , I can safely qualify Sex and the City 2 as an unredeemable mess .
Even as escapist entertainment , it ’s a massive failure .
It ’s boring , incoherent , sloppily stitched together , and thoughtless .
Each and every individual , save for Steve ( as usual ) , is unlikable , and their problems are so trivial as to be offensive ( the climactic scenes involve trying to catch a flight early enough to avoid having to fly in coach . )
As a cinematic mannequin upon which a massive wardrobe is built , however , I ’m not really qualified to assess , except to say this :
Even the most red-blooded heterosexual American male would probably get tired of watching Megan Fox ’s ass bounce around for two and a half hours .
But then again , Megan Fox ’s ass rarely wears gaudy hats .
Dustin is the founder and co-owner of Pajiba .
You may email him here , follow him on Twitter , or listen to his weekly TV podcast , Podjiba .
The remainder of the evaluation will come from observations from principals and other teachers , and other measures .
If teachers are rated ineffective for two consecutive years , they would face firing through an expedited hearing process that must conclude within 60 days .
Currently hearings can drag on for several months .
The changes , which Mr. Steiner , his deputy John King and Merryl H. Tisch , the chancellor of the State Board of Regents , described in an interview on Monday , are subject to approval by the State Legislature .
Ms. Tisch said they needed lawmakers to approve a package of education legislation within the next 10 days , so that the state could meet the June 1 application deadline for the federal competition known as Race to the Top .
New York did not win one of the first Race to the Top grants .
Last week , the State Senate voted to more than double the number of charter schools in the state , another move aimed at winning Race to the Top money .
The Assembly has not voted on that issue , though pro-charter advocates have been furiously lobbying and running advertisements .
Testing data would be used for only a fraction of the teachers in the state , because many teachers instruct in subjects or grades that do not have an annual exam .
Mr. Steiner and Ms. Tisch have criticized the state exams , saying they may have become too easy and predictable in the last several years .
But Mr. Steiner said that they were “ not useless , ” and that the department was taking steps to improve them , including changes this year that broadened the material covered by the tests .
Lawmakers are likely to approve the changes if they are backed by the teachers ’ unions .
But Mr. Steiner said it remained unclear if the state was out of “ choppy waters . ”
OTTAWA — The Conservative government , having ignored advice from public servants that abortion was an essential component of an effective maternal - health initiative , now appears to be turning its back on similar advice from the elite national scientific academies of all G8 countries .
The Royal Society of Canada as well as the national academies of Britain , the United States , France , Germany , Italy , Japan and Russia issued a joint statement late Tuesday .
It is a unanimous call to G8 leaders to ensure that access to contraception and “ measures to reduce unsafe abortion ” are part of a richer , more focused and more coordinated maternal and child health initiative in June .
The joint statement was hashed out at a meeting of the G8 ’s national academies in March in Ottawa – attended by Canadian government representatives – where leading scientists and academics agreed that botched abortions cause 13 per cent of maternal deaths and cannot be ignored .
“ That ’s too big a figure … nearly one in seven maternal deaths is related to unsafe abortions , ” said lead author Dr. Philip Baker , dean of medicine at the University of Alberta , in an interview .
Baker , along with two other Canadians and an Irish academic , drafted the resulting two - page paper .
The paper summarizes the latest statistics on maternal and child health and urges expanded access to prenatal and obstetrical care .
“ Strategies to improve maternal health should facilitate access to contraception services and measures to reduce unsafe abortion .
Up to 40 per cent of maternal and child deaths could be averted by providing access to these services , ” it said .
“ Governments , and inter( - governmental ) and non-governmental organizations must deal openly with unsafe abortions and ensure appropriate and accessible treatment of women who develop complications , ” the joint statement said .
Baker , an obstetrician , stressed that the academies were “ not in any way advocating abortion ” but felt steps to curb unsafe abortions are part of any solution to reduce maternal mortality .
“ We thought it was important to have a balanced , evidence - based discussion , and that it was n’t possible to ignore the major contribution of unsafe abortions and lack of family planning to the mortality and morbidity around this issue . ”
“ It ’s something that should be addressed and discussed .
The solutions will vary enormously from one place to another …what we ’re saying is that it ’s an issue which should be on the table . ”
But Bev Oda , Canada ’s international aid minister , who said “ I used to be an English teacher , ” read it differently .
She said the statement recommends family planning services and adequate treatment of the complications that result from abortion , but does not recommend measures for the provision of safer abortions .
In any event , she said , it changes nothing for the government ’s decision not to allow Canada ’s contribution to a G8 fund to pay for abortions in poor countries .
Oda said she did not get wind of the content of the just - published statement until after the government announced its position in late April at the G8 development ministers ’ meeting in April .
The national science academies said that 42 million pregnancies are terminated each year .
About 50 per cent of the terminations are considered illegal under national legislation , performed by unskilled providers or take place in unhygienic conditions .
“ Severe complications ” often result , leading to about 70,000 maternal deaths , more than 3 million reproductive tract infections , and almost 1.7 million cases of secondary infertility .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Liberal MP Keith Martin , a physician with experience working in Africa , said the statement was a “ powerful ” call to action .
“ The academy is saying to the world leaders : ‘ Act . Act now , and you can save lives , ’ ” said Martin .
But since the Harper government “ already ignored the advice of its advisors within CIDA ( last January ) , the only way that Mr. Harper is going to change his position is if there is a large public outcry for him to follow the science , ” he said .
He said when asked to identify any soldiers who might have had " issues , " he said Majors and Jones came to mind .
He said they disappeared after a urinalysis was announced and Guard officials had been unable to contact them .
The Nokia N8 has a USB OTG ( On - The - Go ) which means that you can connect pendrives or small hardrives via the microUSB - USB cable to the Phone .
Here is a video in which a Pen Drive is connected to the phone and also another phone a Nokia C5 and both show up as Mass Storage within the FileManager .
Pretty Cool eh ?
I wish they connected a Memory Card reader .
Would be awesome to check out pics on the phonescreen after clicking them on your Camera .
But wait , do you still need a Cam ?
N8 has 12 MP Camera
Thx Ahmedp800
WASHINGTON , May 6 ( Reuters ) - U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders , an independent , said on Thursday he has narrowed his proposal to expose the Federal Reserve ’s use of its emergency lending authority in the 2008 - 2009 financial crisis .
Sanders ’ proposal is being offered as an amendment to a broader Wall Street reform bill being debated in the Senate .
A vote on the amendment was possible late on Thursday .
Sanders modified the measure to limit congressional investigators to a single audit of the Fed ’s use of emergency lending authority since Dec. 1 , 2007 , a Sanders aide said .
That closes the door to further audits , the aide said .
In addition , Sanders would give the Fed more time to comply with a requirement to disclose information about its role in the Wall Street bailouts during the crisis .
He would give the Fed until Dec. 1 to comply , instead of 30 days after enactment of the law if approved .
Senator Christopher Dodd , the Democratic chairman of the banking committee who is steering the Wall Street reform bill through the Senate , said he supports the modified measure .
( Reporting by Kevin Drawbaugh ; Editing by Leslie Adler )
Scouting a new mainboard for that fancy new Phenom II X6 CPU you just picked up ?
You might want to hold off a minute , particularly if you 're also planning on shopping for a few new GPUs as well .has managed to get their paws around an upcoming motherboard from ASUS , the CrossHair IV Extreme .
Much like the Maximus III Extreme that we spotted last November , this one also ships with the RoG Connect feature , enabling a secondary Bluetooth device ( like a netbook or smartphone ) to tweak overclocking settings from the sidelines .
What really makes this one stand out , however , is n't the compatibility with all Socket AM3 Phenom and Athlon CPUs , nor the fancy new 890FX chipset .
No -- it 's the inclusion of Lucidlogix 's nearly - forgotten Hydra solution , which allows users to mix - and - match GPUs ( makes and models are no matter here ) in order to create the most from whatever graphics cards you have sitting around .
There 's no mention of when this fellow will ship , but we 'll be keeping an eye out at Computex just in case .
What happens if you wedge one of motoring media 's wildest wild cards in a small enough hot hatch , then have him drive into a wide , round , mostly empty sewer tunnel ?
In an episode from last fall , the ever - mischievous Top Gear found out .
Host Jeremy Clarkson barrel - rolled the RenaultSport Twingo 133 — at about 37 mph — in a Belfast sewer ( as seen in the clip below ) , keeping the roof intact .
Tip :
You can be reassured that the car did n't stay intact for long , though ; Clarkson later in the episode jumped it off a Belfast pier .
And the harshly lit tunnel and movie - like soundtrack makes it look a bit Back to the Future , as if he 's about to disappear in a poof .
Enjoy .
[ Today 's Big Thing ]
Portland , Los Angeles , Boston , Washington DC , New York , and Toronto in the span of two weeks .
And here ’s a comic .
Wes and Tony are tired .
Dr. Henry Edward Roberts , the developer of an early personal computer that inspired Bill Gates to found Microsoft , died Thursday in Georgia .
He was 68 .
Son David Roberts told the Associated Press that his father died after several months battling pneumonia .
The man better known as Ed Roberts developed and marketed the MITS Altair 8800 in the 1970s .
The build - it - yourself kit was operated by switches and had no display screen , but it inspired Gates and childhood friend Paul Allen to found Microsoft in 1975 after they saw an article about it in Popular Electronics .
They located in Albuquerque , N.M. , to be based near MITS , or Micro Instrumentation and Telemetry Systems .
David Roberts said Gates , who had remained close to his father over the years , visited Friday after hearing he was ill .
Dr. Roberts once described his efforts to bring the world a personal computer as an " almost megalomaniac kind of scheme " that he pursued out of youthful ambition .
" But at that time you know we just lacked the , eh , the benefits of age and experience , " Dr. Roberts said on a program called " Triumph of the Nerds " that aired on PBS in 1996 .
" We did n't know we could n't do it . "
We just watched Willow Garage launch the beginning of their PR2 Beta Program , sending 11 advanced robots to live with research teams all over the globe in the hopes of fostering innovation .
This is a big investment , $ 4.4 million in robots alone , not to mention the extensive support the company will provide .
Not only that , but every aspect of this project is open source , hardware and software , meaning that Willow Garage does n’t have proprietary rights to any of the advancements that will arise from ongoing research .
Are they crazy ?
Like a robotic fox .
Willow Garage is going to use the PR2 Beta Program to try and jump start the robot revolution .
And they ’re going to succeed .
We ’ve seen many impressive robots here at the Hub .
Asimo , Hubo , Petman …each with vast potential to perform human - like feats of skill .
With the PR2 , however , Willow Garage is n’t just building a great robot , they ’re building a new platform for innovation .
Researchers will be able to use the open source hardware , and the open source software ( ROS ) , to fuel their own endeavors .
Why spend all this time and effort into building the robotics community as a whole ?
Willow Garage wants to create a true personal robot – a device that could do for individuals what automation has done for factories .
It ’s an absurdly ambitious goal .
Here are five reasons why Willow Garage might be the ones to make it happen .
1. Willow Garage is putting an end to re-inventing the wheel .
Robot research teams have two major hurdles : software and hardware .
In order to innovate one , they first have to create the other .
The symbiotic relationship between the robot ( hardware ) and the programming ( software ) causes most institutions to custom build both .
Their software is only made to work on their hardware and vice versa .
If an engineer wants to build off another team ’s efforts they have to spend months or years developing or porting over the work to their own software and hardware systems .
Everyone has to re-invent the wheel .
Willow Garage is taking an open source approach to end all that .
They ’ve helped create ROS , the open source Robot Operating System , a joint software endeavor that allows researchers from all over the world to contribute to a shared library of robot algorithms .
They ’ve also created a great open source hardware platform – the PR2 Beta .
It has all the sensors , manipulating arms , and versatility that a researcher could want .
We do n’t have to re-invent the wheel anymore , in fact , Willow Garage is giving away wheels !
All they ask is that each research team share their experience in learning how to build the proverbial car .
2. Willow Garage has the funding .
No I do n’t have access to their accounting books , but trust me on this one .
Founder Scott Hassan , who also started eGroups and was one of the silent names behind Google , probably has the personal funds to keep Willow Garage going for many years to come all by himself .
But he ’d never have to .
I just spent hours seeing how Silicon Valley , with its massive venture capitalism funds , loves Willow Garage .
The number of Google millionaires lining up to dance with robots at the PR2 Beta Program launch event was impressive .
The scale of the evening alone was an indication that Willow Garage is secure in its finances and ready to spend what ’s necessary to make their vision come true .
Enough said .
3. Willow Garage has the interest from the robotics research community .
ROS has 24 major research institutions contributing code on a regular basis .
The number of robots that use the ROS library is growing .
When Willow Garage offered 10 PR2 robots for free , 78 full length proposals were submitted .
The applicant pool was so impressive they decided to give away 11 bots instead .
These ‘ winners ’ are n’t fly by night operations .
We ’re talking MIT , USC , Berkeley , Stanford , University of Tokyo , Bosch – Bosch !
The huge corporation went open source last year and is a big supporter of the PR2 Beta Program .
Some of the best robot engineers in the world want to work with Willow Garage and ROS .
That interest is going to fuel their open source personal robot mission .
4. Willow Garage is community first , personal gain second .
The whole company is focused on how they can work with the global community to advance the field of robotics as a whole .
This is largely expressed in the open source licensing of everything they do , and their insistence that everyone who uses the PR2 follow the same open sharing .
Even more than that , it ’s apparent in their attitudes .
Keenan Wyrobek , Co-Director of Personal Robotics , freely admitted that other groups are working on PR2 like robots , and may soon make them cheaper and perhaps even better .
He liked this idea .
He wants other groups to innovate , to expand , and to improve the field of robotics .
It ’s cooperation first , competition later .
5. Willow Garage gets ‘ It ’ .
Ask a Willow Garage employee about sales or commercialization , and likely as not they ’ll say something like , “ well , we ’re really focused on five or ten years out … ” or “ that ’s not the concern right now . ”
Most start ups have funding , try to make some sort of deliverable item , and if they succeed they get more funding and start generating revenue .
That ’s just not Willow Garage ’s game plan .
They ’re in it for the long haul – the farsighted goals .
It ’s not about short term profits , it ’s about the long term feasibility of personal robotics .
That attitude is rare and refreshing .
It ’s going to take vision , heaping loads of it , to work towards a goal that will take years to accomplish .
Willow Garage has that vision , in spades .
For these reasons and more , Willow Garage is poised to make a huge impact in the robotics research community , to transform it into a personal robotics industry .
We ’ll be watching these guys closely , keeping track of the successes and failures on that path .
In the meantime , enjoy this video from Willow Garage , touting the power of the PR2 and highlighting their vision for the PR2 Beta Program .
Great stuff .
[ image credits : Willow Garage ]
[ source : Willow Garage PR2 Beta Program Launch event ]
Happy Memorial Day !
I was going to write something in my normal fashion ( glib / funny ) about serving in the military .
But I started thinking about it .
I have a lot of friends who have served or are still and a lot of coworkers in the military around the world .
I also have two nephew 's in the service .
Allen , who is in the Army and currently stationed in Afghanistan and Anthony who just joined the Navy and is in school in Florida .
So , my point is this , out of my 318 friends on FB the vast majority are currently serving , have served or will be serving in the military at some point in their life .
Now a lot of them will tell you that they signed up for the benefits or what ever .
But no matter why they signed up , here is a simple fact .
Just in my circle of friends and family almost 300 people that I know personally put aside whatever fear they had about being in the military , getting shot at or leaving their families for extended periods during moments that most of us treasure all our lives , to do a job they probably either dislike or dislike doing under the conditions they have to do them .
Most of them are not doing this out of the kindness of their hearts .
They do it make their lives better and in the process make the lives of their friends and families better .
A lot of them do n't normally think about the patriotic thing they are doing , they are just trying to do a job .
If nothing else thank them for that and for the service they provide .
Then there are those great many who have given the ultimate sacrifice of dying in service to our country .
I am sure that they were all people doing just what my friends and family do , just trying to do the job .
But somewhere in the course of their service they were put in some pretty awful circumstances that required them to do the job they do every day under conditions that would cause most of us to quit .
Yet , they kept performing their jobs and in most cases better , faster and more accurately than they ever had before .
This is because that was what needed to happen .
Still , fate decided against them and they had yet another higher price to pay .
I do n't think there is a piece of land on this planet that has n't seen an American servicemen die trying to keep all of us safe .
So for that , do n't just thank us that are still around .
Thank the kids and spouses of those that did n't make it home .
Offer them some help or kindness , like they and their loved ones did for you .
It 's the least you could do .
“ The Phish thing is one of the best things I ’ve been involved in , ” Tollett said .
“ It went so well , we decided to take off the training wheels for Coachella . ”
Tollett had never attended any of the group ’s other fests but had what can only be described as an epiphany .
He decided to apply what he ’d learned at the Phish fry to Southern California ’s signature pop musical event .
Back in October , the Vermont - spawned improvisation - crazy quartet enlisted Goldenvoice ( Tollett ’s concert promoting company , which produces Coachella as well as its country music cousin Stagecoach ) to co-produce Phish Festival 8 .
The three - day event -- which , like Coachella , was staged at Indio 's Empire Polo Field -- consisted of eight sets of music by the group , fire - spewing sculptures and a crowd unafraid of letting its freak flag fly by dressing up in extravagant Halloween costumes .
Needless to say , mass Hacky Sack tourneys , drum circles , patchouli incense burning and trance - like dancing ensued .
To hear it from Coachella ’s co-founder and mastermind , Paul Tollett , Phish ’s hippie - dippy jam band idealism directly resulted in a sea change in Coachella ’s approach to certain fundamentals .
For any festival - goer left rubbing his hipster beard in confusion about what precipitated the biggest changes at this year ’s Coachella Valley Music & Arts Festival -- specifically the organizers ’ choice to abolish single - day tickets , allow in - and - out privileges for the first time and enable car camping -- you can thank a band that represents the antithesis of almost all that is sacrosanct for Coachella ’s too - cool - for - school , skinny jeans - wearing core constituency .
For Phish Festival 8 , the group stipulated that no single - day tickets could be sold , only three - day packages .
Phish also had Goldenvoice implement a policy that allowed attendees to come and go from the festival as they pleased .
“ It ’s a long day , so it gives people the chance to rest and go back to home base , ” the promoter said .
As well , the Phish fest approach to car camping was nothing short of revelatory .
“ In the old Coachella way , you camped in a tent and parked in a parking lot .
You had to lug your equipment in , ” said Tollett .
“ In the Phish way , you pull your car up and pull out your equipment and set up your tent .
It ’s a better camping experience .
You can lock up your stuff .
You can find your car .
The Phish campground had it down . ”
Moreover , Coachella -- like the Bonnaroo Music & Arts Festival in Tennessee , the UK ’s Glastonbury Festival and Lollapalooza in Chicago before it -- did away with its $ 99 one - day tickets this year .
( Three - day passes , costing $ 269 , officially sold out earlier this week . )
And in another WWPD ( What Would Phish Do ? ) move , organizers cut camping cost from $ 55 per person to $ 55 for a vehicle - sized berth -- a substantial discount when you consider that a number of bargain - minded festival - goers could cram in together for the same price an individual would have paid last year .
Tollett is aware of all the chat room Haterade over changes in Coachella ’s ticketing but is keen to dispel any notion that the move was made to goose the festival ’s bottom line .
As the promoter points out , doing away with single day tickets cuts into Coachella ’s revenues ( do the math : three individual day passes would have cost $ 297 versus a three - day pass ’ $ 269 ) with the trade - off for attendees being a “ better overall experience . ”
“ There ’s a special feeling you get over three days that you do n’t get when you go one day or come in for the headliner , ” Tollett said .
“ You ’ve been through a range of emotions .
You feel a sense of community , like we ’re all in this together .
That ’s the feeling we ’re in search of . ”
-- Chris Lee
Photo : Phish at Empire Polo Field , Halloween 2009 .
Credit : Jamie Rector / For The Times
A chap from the German space agency DLR has captured a fetching snap of the International Space Station transiting the Sun , appropriately last Sunday afternoon :
Snapper Thilo Kranz explains : " I took this image of the ISS as it passed across the solar disk in just 0.51 seconds .
I captured the image with the help of my telescope and 1/5000 second exposure time .
At this time , preparations for undocking of Space Shuttle Atlantis during its final mission , STS - 132 , were ongoing .
You can see the still docked shuttle in the 11 o'clock position .
Also , you may recognise the solar panels and the large radiators .
In the full resolution version of this image , you can also see the Soyuz capsule .
Close to the centre of the Sun , a group of sunspots is visible . "
And here 's the ISS in detail :
Looks like a lovely day up there in space . ®
There 's a squad strategy game coming to iPhone soon - and you may well recognise a couple of its characters .
Armed and Dangerous puts you in control of a squad of soldiers , each with specific abilities and strengths , as they take on the incoming enemy .
I 'M COMING FOR YOU !
All sounds perfectly normal - until you take a closer look .
The majority of the character models have clearly been inspired by popular team shooter Team Fortress 2 .
In fact , the Grunt character is a rip of TF2's Heavy , from the square jaw to the ammo shoulder strap .
The character classes are the same , too - there 's the Grunt ( Heavy ) , Scout , Sniper and Technician ( Engineer ) .
Even the interface takes from Valve 's hit .
The font is the same , and the white border around a red background is Team Fortress 2 all over .
CRY SOME MORE !
Of course , the title Armed and Dangerous is n't even unique - it was originally a critically acclaimed PC shooter release from developer Planet Moon back in 2003 .
Thankfully the gameplay in the iPhone title is completely different to those two as the turn - based topdown tactics game is split into planning and action modes .
You and your opponent make your moves with your three squad characters , which are then simultaneously set in motion .
Check out the video below to see what we mean .
Now , 50 years after the opening of the Anne Frank House museum , which has more than 1 million visitors every year , the museum is launching an online virtual tour of what life was like at the back of 263 Prinsengracht in Amsterdam .
The tour captures in graphic detail photographs on the wall , the print on the bedspreads and tiny kitchen in the cramped space where eight people lived in daily fear of being caught .
rpiscrews.us is a domain hack originally registered in 2003 by RPI undergraduates who felt the school 's administration was not treating the student body with respect .
The domain redirected to the RPI web site , but despite interest nothing else was done with the domain and it was allowed to lapse at the end of its term and was acquired by a domain squatter .
When the squatters registration expired in 2006 , it was again picked - up by RPI alumni .
This time , the domain was configured for e-mail usage following the termination of the free e-mail for life offered to alumni in 2004 .
This e-mail service continues to serve as the primary purpose for the rpiscrews .us domain .
Mixa : Konkreter Verdacht auf " sexuellen Missbrauch " Thomas Pany
Staatsanwaltschaft Ingolstadt leitet Vorermittlungen ein ; die Initiative dazu kommt laut Medienbericht von der Kirche
Die katholische Kirche setzt ihr Versprechen , in Missbrauchsfällen künftig enger mit den Justizbehörden zusammenzuarbeiten , im Fall Mixa um .
Laut Informationen der Augsburger Zeitung , hat die Kirche die Staatsanwaltschaft Ingolstadt eingeschaltet , um " Vorermittlungen " gegen Walter Mixa aufzunehmen .
Gegenstand der Ermittlungen sind nicht die ihm bisher zur Last gelegten körperlichen Züchtigungen und die unzweckmäßige Verwendung von Stiftungsgeldern , sondern der Verdacht auf sexuellen Missbrauch .
Das bayerische Justizministerium bestätigte Kath.net gegenüber , dass es " Vorermittlungen " gibt .
Wie die Augsburger Allgemeine und die SZ berichten , soll es sich um einen Fall handeln , der aus der Zeit stammt , als Mixa das Amt des Bischofs von Eichstätt bekleidete ( 1996 bis 2005 ) .
Entsprechende Hinweise sollen vom Ordinariat gekommen sein .
Die genaueren Umstände des Falles sind noch nicht bekannt .
Mixa hatte am 21 .
April mit einem Rücktrittsgesuch beim Papst auf die gegen ihn erhobenen Vorwürfe reagiert , nachdem der Druck der Öffentlichkeit auf ihn stetig gewachsen war ( siehe Bischof Mixa im Rückwärtsgang ) und sich schließlich auch die Bischöfe Zollitsch und Reinhard Marx öffentlich gegen ihn ausgesprochen hatten .
This week Senator Max Baucus ( D - Mont. ) and Representative Sander Levin ( D - Mich . ) unveiled their American Jobs and Closing Tax Loopholes Act .
They and their fellow Democrats are pushing to pass this legislation before Memorial Day .
The bill is an economic disaster .
It will destroy jobs and harm capital creation .
Even in the best of times , such an act would be extremely hurtful to the economy .
Under these circumstances , it ’s sheer destructive folly .
The bill increases taxes on private equity firms , venture capital firms and real estate investment partnerships .
The U.S. government currently taxes so - called carried interest – the gains from a successful investment – at the capital gains tax rate of 15 % .
By not punishing success , this low tax rate incentivizes investment managers to take long - term , sensible risks that are so necessary to nurturing a vibrant , innovative economy .
The gains thereby achieved create more capital to start , grow and save companies .
But Senator Baucus and Representative Levin want to raise the carried interest tax rate by more than 150 % to almost 40 % .
This is madness .
The bill would do severe harm to vehicles that are crucial for our economy .
According to the U.S. Chamber of Commerce , this tax structure is utilized by more than 15.5 million partners invested in 2.5 million partnerships in the real estate , venture capital , private equity and retail sectors , all of which rely on carried interest earnings to continue to invest and create more companies and jobs across the nation .
It is not a “ loophole , ” but a way to ensure continued investment and growth in the United States .
The tax increase on carried interest does n’t just impact investment managers .
On the contrary , it also affects small businesses that the private equity firms invest in , as well as the millions of Americans who rely on these businesses for a paycheck .
In addition , the tax increase will disproportionately hurt the real estate industry , which accounts for 45 % of the 2.5 million investment partnerships and which is just beginning to make a comeback .
According to the U.S. Conference of Mayors , the carried interest tax increase will slow development , especially in underserved communities that depend on such investment for revitalization .
A tax increase is even more alarming and foolish when you consider that our global competitors tax carried interest at very low rates , if they tax it at all .
The carried interest tax is 18 % in the United Kingdom , 10 % in China and 0 % in India .
As the tax rate rises to prohibitive levels in the U.S. what will this do to investment here at home and to driving capital to our overseas competitors ?
So why would Congress even consider legislation that is so self - destructive to the U.S. economy ?
Short - term politics , pure and simple .
The current carried interest tax is portrayed as a loophole even though the low rate only applies to long - term gains .
If the gains are short - term , they are taxed at ordinary income rates .
Encouraging long - term investment is crucial both for venture capital start - ups and for real estate .
It makes no sense to damage vehicles so necessary to funnel risk capital into such promising areas as biotechnology and proliferating possibilities in green technologies .
Another reason : Because partnerships involve Wall Street bankers , real estate and oil investors and that catch - all class – “ the rich ” – legislation that seemingly punishes them has superficial appeal .
This is , though , not so much class warfare as economic suicide .
When this issue was last debated back in 2007 , I wrote an opinion piece that ran in The Wall Street Journal that highlighted the unintended consequences of an increase to the carried - interest tax provisions .
I stated then that policymakers should pay attention to the advice from the late Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan “ who warned us of the ‘ Law of Unintended Consequences ’ that often takes hold when lawmakers tinker with public policy . ”
The current debate about a potential increase in the carried interest tax is an example of that mantra – that it is the wrong policy for our country to adopt at anytime , but particularly in the midst of an economic recovery and will have the opposite impact to what the bill ’s sponsors are professing to accomplish , which is to create more American jobs .
Senator Baucus and Representative Levin , along with Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) and Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi ( D - Calif. ) , are attempting to push this harmful legislation to a vote before Memorial Day , without a close examination of its effect on jobs and the economy .
If the bill passes , the United States can say goodbye to continued investment growth – and our global competitors will surely be happy to take it .
Steve Forbes is President and Chief Executive Officer of Forbes and editor - in - chief of Forbes magazine .
Fox Forum is on Twitter .
Follow us @fxnopinion .
Working 10 - 11 hours every day puts you at greater risk for heart attacks and other circulatory disease , and not just due to late - night snacks , a British study has found .
Stress , anxiety , and a lack of relaxation time contribute to the increased risk .
Advertisement
Photo by mkosut .
By studying 6,000 British government and municipal employees , researchers found a fairly strong link between those regularly working late hours and heart attacks , angina , and other heart disease .
The researchers could n't pinpoint exactly what that cause was , even after accounting for smoking and other known risk factors , but could suggest that spending too much time sitting at a desk is , in general , a pretty terrible idea :
" Until researchers understand how our working lives can affect the risk to our heart health , there are simple ways to look after your heart health at work , like taking a brisk walk at lunch , taking the stairs instead of the lift , or by swapping that ( cookie ) for a piece of fruit . "
Dr John Challenor , from the Society of Occupational Medicine , said : " In many ways it confirms what we as occupational health doctors already know - that work / life balance plays a vital role in well - being .
Advertisement
The thoroughly sobering read also gives credence to standing desks , along with thoughts about the sadder context of " I 'll sleep when I 'm dead . "
Working overtime increases heart risk , a study finds [ BBC News ]
Duvaucel 's gecko , Hoplodactylus duvaucelli , North Brother Island , New Zealand .
Image : Wikipedia .
New Zealand 's largest gecko has been seen on one of the country 's main islands for the first time in almost a century -- unfortunately , dead in a mousetrap , an official said Thursday .
The Duvaucel 's gecko -- which can grow more than 30 centimetres ( 12 inches ) long -- was found at the Maungatautari wildlife reserve in North Island 's northern Waikato region .
Maungatautari ecologist Chris Smuts - Kennedy told the Waikato Times newspaper the death of the gecko was a cruel irony but that this meant the reserve may be home to more members of the species .
" The most likely scenario is that it represents a surviving population , and this is a species which has been thought to be extinct on the mainland for probably close to a century , " he said .
The only confirmed populations of the gecko , which can live up to 50 years , are on predator - free offshore islands .
The reptile is vulnerable to attacks by pests , especially rats .
The last time the gecko was seen on the mainland was thought to have been in the 1920s in the Thames area , southeast of Auckland , Smuts - Kennedy said .
Maungatautari staff and volunteers hope to survey the mountain in search of more of the geckos .
Maungatautari is a forested volcano , where introduced pests have been eradicated and a 47 - kilometre ( 29 - mile ) predator - proof fence built to allow the reintroduction of rare native species , including the kiwi .
New Zealand 's native birds , reptiles and insects evolved in a predator - free environment before humans arrived in the last 800 or so years and many have been wiped out by introduced species , especially rats , stoats and possums .
Explore further Scientists discover four new gecko species
( c ) 2010 AFP
Yesterday ’s announced resignation of Republican Rep. Mark Souder amid sex scandal seems to be your ho - hum garden - variety affair with a part - time staffer .
Thus far , there has been nothing to suggest that adult diapers , wide stances or non-consensual tickling was involved .
If it was n’t for the whole hypocrisy thing , it would be just a private matter between him and his “ ill ” wife , who he had said he had been caring for this week .
But , as often is the case , Souder had touted himself as a conservative “ family values ” politician and tireless advocate for abstinence - only - until - holy - union - of - marriage public school education .
This certainly raises the question that if an aging white - haired paunchy married grandfather can’t keep his pants zipped , why for God ’s sake should we expect teenagers ?
But an interesting side note to the story is that Souder is also an intelligent - design proponent and even had a bit part in the Ben Stein ID movie Expelled , in which he decried the scientific community for not being more tolerant to the concept of revamped creationism .
In 2008 , he said , “ I personally believe that there is no issue more important to our society than intelligent design . ”
The blog Sensuous Curmudgeon gave Souder a congressional buffoon award for his fervent embrace of the issue .
So , Souder was n’t just your typical “ family values ” horn - dog unable to practice what he preached .
He ’s also the kind of person who believes evolution destroys morality .
Let It Glow Play more free flash games at 1Cup1Coffee.com !
That 's the question Ed Morrissey asks at Hot Air .
Commenting on an under - publicized portion of the House version of financial reg legislation that would , in the Wash Post 's summary , " allow the FTC to issue rules on a fast track and permit the agency to impose civil penalties on companies that hurt consumers , " Morrissey raises a series of disturbing queries :
Neither the FTC nor the Internet had anything to do with the Wall Street meltdown in 2008 .
If this financial - regulation bill is so desperately needed , why did House Democrats lard it up with this power grab at the FTC ?
Why does the FTC need any further authority over the Internet , where fraud and abuse regulations apply already ?
The Internet economy has been one of the bright spots throughout a dismal period of recent history .
Do we need to attack the one area that shows growth and promise ?
[ / caption ]
“ The most exciting phrase to hear in science , the one that heralds new discoveries , is not Eureka !
( I found it ! ) but rather , ‘ hmm … that ’s funny … ' ” ( Isaac Asimov )
A few short years ago , Zooite Hanny van Arkel discovered Hanny ’s Voorwerp in an SDSS image of a galaxy ( “ What ’s the blue stuff below ?
Anyone ? ” ) , and a new term entered astronomers ’ lexicon ( “ voorwerpje ” ) .
Very late last year , Zooite mitch too had a ‘ that ’s funny … ’ moment , over a spectrum ( yes , you read that right , a spectrum ! ) .
Now neither Hanny nor mitch have PhDs in astronomy …
But I digress ; what , exactly , did mitch discover ?
Judge for yourself ; here ’s the spectrum of the star in question ( it goes by the instantly recognizable name 587739406764540066 ) :
“ I asked a couple of white - dwarf aficionados , and neither recalls seeing any star with these features ( nor does Jim Kaler , who wrote the book on stellar spectra ) , ” Bill Keel , a Zooite Astronomer known as NGC3314 wrote , kicking off a flurry of forum posts , and a most interesting discussion !
“ Can we rule out something along the line of sight , possibly a cold molecular cloud ? ” EigenState wrote ; “ If both stars are moving SE ( towards the bottom left corner ) , could Mitch ’s star ( square ) be affected by debris in the trail of the bright red star ( triangle ) ?
I am thinking of the trail left by Mira .
So the spectrum would be white dwarf shining through cooled red star debris ? ” said Budgieye .
NGC3314 continued
“ It ca n’t be like our current Oort Cloud since we do n’t see local absorption from our own in front of lots of stars near the ecliptic plane .
To show up this strongly , it would then have to be either much denser or physical much smaller .
This just in – this may be the most extreme known example of a DZ white dwarf , which have surface metals .
White dwarfs are n’t supposed to , because their intense surface gravity will generally sort atmospheric atoms by density , so this has been suggested ( with some theoretical backing ) to result from accretion either from circumstellar or interstellar material ( so it could be at the star ’s surface but representing material formerly in a surrounding disk ) .
Watch this space … ”
Then , two weeks after mitch ’s discovery , Patrick Dufour , of the Université de Montréal , joined in “ Hi everyone , I have known this objects for many years .
I have done fits almost 5 years ago but just never took time to publish it .
Will do it in the next few weeks .
Meanwhile , enjoy this preliminary analysis …
The abundances are very similar to G165 - 7 , the magnetic DZ , but it ’s a bit cooler ( explaining the strength of the features ) . ”
Patrick , as you might have guessed from this , is an astronomer with specific expertise in white dwarfs ; in fact the abstract to his PhD thesis begins with these words “ The goal of this thesis is to accurately determine the atmospheric parameters of a large sample of cool helium - rich white dwarfs in order to improve our understanding of the spectral evolution of these objects .
Specifically , we study stars showing traces of carbon ( DQ spectral type ) and metals ( DZ spectral type ) in their optical spectrum . ”
Somehow yet another astronomer , Fergal Mullally heard about mitch ’s mystery star and joined in too “ Many other WDs with strong metal absorption lines are surrounded by a cloud of accretable material .
This makes sense because the metals quickly sink below the surface ( as mentioned by NGC3314 ) .
In some cases , metals are only visible for a few weeks before they are sink too deep to be seen .
The disks are exciting , not only because they can be so young , but their composition suggests we might be looking at the remains of an asteroid belt ( see http://arxiv.org/abs/0708.0198).”
To which Patrick added “ Mitch ’s Mystery Star is a cool ( ~4000 - 5000 K ) helium rich white dwarf with traces of metals ( abundances similar to G165 - 7 ) .
The metals most probably originate from a tidally disrupted asteroid or minor planet that formed a disk around the star . ”
So , mitch ’s mystery star is just a rather weird kind of DZ star , and DZs are just unusual white dwarfs ?
Yes … and no .
“ The asymmetrical line near 5000 is almost certainly MgH .
As for the one at 6100 , I am open to suggestion .
I have never seen it anywhere else .
For G165 - 7 , the splitting is Zeeman .
But the broadening is van der Waals by neutral helium .
No splitting is observed in this star ( and I took a really good spectra at MMT a few years ago to be sure ) . ”
Patrick again ; so what is the mysterious asymmetrical line at 6100 Å ?
Two more weeks passed , and a possible reason for Fergal ’s interest emerges , in a post by NGC3314 “ While we wait to see how Patrick ’s new calculation shakes out , here ’s an interesting new manuscript he was involved with , that points to likewise interesting things about the DZ stars . []
Wow .
White - dwarf spectra as tombstones for planetary systems … wonder how the system stayed close enough to end up on the white - dwarf atmosphere all through the red - giant phases ?
The binary systems we can see look awfully far apart to have had helpful dynamical effects for this . ” ( in case you did n’t read up on Fergal , he ’s very keen on exoplanets and ET ) .
Then , in February , a tweet : “ At campus observatory , seeing whether we can measure orbital motion between Mitch ’s star and its K - dwarf companion . ”
The tale is becoming curiouser and curiouser ( exoplanets in binary star systems ?
If life had evolved on a planet in orbit around the star which later went red giant then white dwarf , could it have somehow survived and landed on a planet in orbit around the K - dwarf companion ? )
I ’ll let NGC3314 have the final word : “ This furnishes one more example of how the wide interest in Galaxy Zoo allows things once unthinkable – during the SDSS , the whole analysis plan never conceived that every bright galaxy in the survey , and every one of the million or so spectra would actually be examined by a human being . ”
Oh , and the Asimov quote seems to be an urban myth ( if any reader knows when , and where , Asimov actually said , or wrote , those words … ) .
Source : Galaxy Zoo Forum thread Mitch ’s Mystery Star
Full caption for image at the top of this article ( Credit : Bill Keel ) :
I had a look with the SARA 1 m telescope in BVR filters last week , to check for obvious variability .
Pending more exact measurements , it ’s about as bright as it was in the SDSS images and the older Palomar plates .
As SIMBAD shows , this is known as a star of fairly high proper motion ( and that ’s about all ) .
You can see this when I register the original red- light Palomar photograph to the image from last week , a time span of almost 59 years .
The attached picture compares red - light data from the original Palomar Schmidt sky survey in early 1951 , the second - epoch Palomar survey around 1990 , and SARA on Jan. 7 , 2010 .
You can also see that the bright red star to the southeast has almost exactly the same ( large ) proper motion .
Monsanto has donated $ 4 million in seeds to Haiti , sending 60 tons of conventional hybrid corn and vegetable seed , followed by 70 more tons of corn seed last week with an additional 345 tons of corn seed to come during the next year .
Yet the number one recommendation of a recent report by Catholic Relief Services on post - earthquake Haiti is to focus on local seed fairs and not to introduce new or " improved " varieties at this time .
Some tough questions need to be asked and answered before we 'll know whether or not Monsanto 's donation will help or hurt long - term efforts to rebuild food sufficiency and sovereignty in Haiti .
Here are five of them :
What do Haitians think ?
Do rural organizations representing Haiti 's farmers actually want these seeds from Monsanto or not ?
We know at least one spokesperson for Haitian farmers is n't interested .
Chavannes Jean -Baptiste of the Peasant Movement of Papay and the National Peasant Movement of the Papay Congress said in a recent article published by Grassroots International that " if people start sending hybrid , NGO seeds , that 's the end of Haitian agriculture . "
Will Haitian farmers be able to use existing farming methods with these seeds or do they require a completely different set of techniques - for example , is it possible for these seeds to be banked year to year for use in more than one planting cycle ?
Hybrid seeds do n't have a great track record for re-planting , which means that farmers typically must buy new seeds every year .
Does cultivation of these seeds require expensive new inputs and / or chemicals that may negatively impact the environment and soil over the long - term ?
Hybrids typically require a lot of fertilizers , pesticides , etc. and according to the press release , these will be provided through the USAID 's 5 - year WINNER program .
When the WINNER program is done , will farmers find themselves reliant on external inputs they can't afford or access ?
What will the inputs leave behind in terms of the soil 's condition ?
Will the rest of the Monsanto seeds sent to Haiti over the next year be conventional or genetically modified ( GM ) ?
GM seeds are as controversial in Haiti as they are here at home .
It is critical that Haitians themselves are in charge of the decision to plant or not plant GM ; they first need to know what is being offered to them in the first place .
Will the Monsanto seeds ( whether conventional or GM ) affect indigenous seed diversity by mixing with them and contaminating existing seed strains ?
Large influxes of non-native seeds have touched off controversy and alarmed environmental activists and peasant farmers from Mexico to Malaysia to Mali .
Agricultural development is critical for Haiti and was even before the earthquake .
Lambi Fund of Haiti , a partner organization of American Jewish World Service ( AJWS ) , has been working with rural communities to create indigenous seed banks , building expertise in farming techniques and using environmentally - friendly methods to renew depleted Haitian soil .
Advocates for common sense food aid , including AJWS , are asking Congress to spend the $ 150 million dollars requested by the Obama Administration for Food Aid to Haiti on resources that will help Haiti feed itself for the long - term .
You can make your voice heard by signing this petition .
Monsanto's donation - just like the US government 's in - kind food aid donations - should empower rather than dis-empower the rural communities working to grow food for their country over the long term .
More to the point , the communities most affected by these donations should decide whether they want this aid at all and if so , what they want and when they want it .
It 's unclear in this case if Monsanto or anyone else has asked them .
Sheriff Tells Border Towns to Start Arming Themselves By Pat Shannan
Along our southern border , concerns are growing that the escalating drug violence in Mexico will spill into the United States ; and for many , on both sides of the border , the fear is very real .
Last week , residents held a town - hall meeting in Fort Hancock , Texas — a sleepy agricultural village on the border , about an hour southeast of El Paso .
A couple hundred people crowded into the grade - school gym to hear a chilling message from Hudspeth County Sheriff Arvin West .
“ You farmers , I ’m telling you right now : Arm yourselves , ” he said .
“ It ’s better to be tried by 12 than carried by six ; and I do n’t want to see six people carrying you . ”
On the last Saturday night in March , a well - known rancher was murdered in southeastern Arizona .
Authorities suspect an illegal immigrant killed Robert Krentz , 58 , without provocation , and escaped back into Mexico .
“ We know this , ” said Cochise County , Arizona sheriff Larry Dever at a news briefing : “ Robert was shot .
His dog was shot .
He was in an all - terrain vehicle , and he never got out of the vehicle .
There is absolutely no reason this had to happen other than the bad intentions of one sick , sorry individual that we hope to be able to catch up to very quickly . ”
Krentz was a popular , third - generation rancher who was inducted into the Arizona Farming and Ranching Hall of Fame one year ago and had served as president of the Cochise - Graham Cattle Growers Association .
Minutemen member and friend Chris Simcox said the news of Krentz ’s death was unsettling , but not surprising .
“ There ’s a war going on in Mexico , and it ’s spilling across our borders , ” Simcox said the morning after the murder .
“ He ’s been working with Border Patrol for years , begging and pleading for help with his property being vandalized and his home being robbed .
“ And he ’s always been a humanitarian , ” Simcox continued .
“ He always gives water and food to the people he finds in distress , which seems to have been the case last night ; and he called his wife and said he was giving some water to illegals and said to call Border Patrol . ”
The warning by Texas Sheriff West was prompted by the killing of the Arizona rancher , and the spiraling violence a couple of miles away in Mexico in a region known as the Valley of Juarez .
The notorious smuggling territory is being fought over by the Sinaloa and the Juarez cartels .
TROOPS TO THE BORDER
The murder prompted governors in New Mexico and Texas to send forces to the border .
The following week , the Mexican government sent dozens of police and soldiers to the Juarez Valley to restore order on the Mexican side .
“ One of the men that works for me had five people killed in front of his house over there [ in Mexico ] this past weekend , ” said Curtis Carr , who is a Texas farmer and county commissioner .
“ And he ’s moving his family over here this week .
It ’s serious over there .
Whether or not it ’s gonna spill over here , nobody knows . ”
The sheriff warned citizens to be alert and report strange vehicles on their streets , but at the same time not to succumb to fear .
The violence in the Juarez Valley directly affects this little Texas town .
In March , gunmen in the Juarez Valley killed the Mexican relative of a Fort Hancock high school student .
When the student ’s family in Fort Hancock heard about it , they crossed the border at 10 a .m. to see the body , and took the student with them .
“ By 10:30 , they had stabbed the relatives that went with him , which included his grandparents , with an ice pick , ” says school superintendent Jose Franco .
“ My understanding is that the gentleman is 90 years old , and they poked his eyes out with an ice pick . ”
The Valley of Juarez has a long history of human and drug trafficking and is close to the city of Juarez , a major smuggling point .
It ’s right across from Texas , with Interstate 10 only a few miles to the north and with the Rio Grande River , only ankle deep in many places , being no deterrent .
More than 50 people were killed in the Juarez Valley in March .
“ You can literally walk across the river — and some times of the year not even get wet , ” veteran Border Patrol agent Joe Romero says .
“ With the ease with which you can literally cross the border here from one side to the other , this makes it very lucrative and appealing to anybody trying to smuggle in whatever contraband they have . ”
Pat Shannan is the assistant editor of American Free Press .
He is also the author of several videos and books including One in a Million : An IRS Travesty and I Rode With Tupper , detailing Shannan ’s experiences with Tupper Saussy when the American dissident was on the run in the 1980s .
Both are available from FIRST AMENDMENT BOOKS for $ 25 each .
Subscribe to American Free Press .
Online subscriptions :
One year of weekly editions — $ 15 plus you get a BONUS ELECTRONIC BOOK - HIGH PRIESTS OF WAR - By Michael Piper .
Print subscriptions : 52 issues crammed into 47 weeks of the year plus six free issues of Whole Body Health : $ 59 Order on this website or call toll free 1-888-699-NEWS .
Sign up for our free e-newsletter here - get a free gift just for signing up !
( Issue # 17 , April 26 , 2010 )
Our projections of public debt ratios lead us to conclude that the path pursued by fiscal authorities in a number of industrial countries is unsustainable .
Drastic measures are necessary to check the rapid growth of current and future liabilities of governments ...
Introduction
The facts
A key fact emerging from the table is that over the past three years public debt has grown rapidly in countries where it had remained relatively low before the crisis .
This group of countries includes not only the United States and the United Kingdom but also Spain and Ireland ..
...overall fiscal balances have been deteriorating sharply – by 20 – 30 percentage points of GDP in just three years .
And , unless action is taken almost immediately , there is little hope that these deficits will decline significantly in 2011 .
Even more worrying is the fact that most of the projected deficits are structural rather than cyclical in nature ...
The future public debt trajectory
... in our baseline scenario , conventionally computed deficits will rise precipitously .
Unless the stance of fiscal policy changes , or age - related spending is cut , by 2020 the primary deficit / GDP ratio will rise to 13 % in Ireland ; 8 – 10 % in Japan , Spain , the United Kingdom and the United States ; and 3 – 7 % in Austria , Germany , Greece , the Netherlands and Portugal .
Only in Italy do these policy settings keep the primary deficits relatively well contained – a consequence of the fact that the country entered the crisis with a nearly balanced budget and did not implement any real stimulus over the past several years .
... in the baseline scenario , debt / GDP ratios rise rapidly in the next decade , exceeding 300 % of GDP in Japan ; 200 % in the United Kingdom ; and 150 % in Belgium , France , Ireland , Greece , Italy and the United States .
And , as is clear from the slope of the line , without a change in policy , the path is unstable .
... Seeing that the status quo is untenable , countries are embarking on fiscal consolidation plans .
In the United States , the aim is to bring the total federal budget deficit down from 11 % to 4 % of GDP by 2015 ... [ but the ] consolidations along the lines currently being discussed will not be sufficient to ensure that debt levels remain within reasonable bounds over the next several decades .
... An alternative to traditional spending cuts and revenue increases is to change the promises that are as yet unmet .
Here , that means embarking on the politically treacherous task of cutting future age - related liabilities .
With this possibility in mind , we construct a third scenario that combines gradual fiscal improvement with a freezing of age - related spending - to - GDP at the projected level for 2011 .
The blue line in Graph 4 shows the consequences of this draconian policy .
Given its severity , the result is no surprise : what was a rising debt / GDP ratio reverses course and starts heading down in Austria , Germany and the Netherlands .
In several others , the policy yields a significant slowdown in debt accumulation .
Interestingly , in France , Ireland , the United Kingdom and the United States , even this policy is not sufficient to bring rising debt under control .
Conclusion
As frightening as it is to consider public debt increasing to more than 100 % of GDP , an even greater danger arises from a rapidly ageing population .
The related unfunded liabilities are large and growing , and should be a central part of today ’s long - term fiscal planning .
The adjective ' sobering ' does n't do the latest Bank for International Settlements ( BIS ) working paper ( PDF ) justice .
The executive summary of the paper , which is entitled , concludes with a recommendation that is certain not to be heeded by the current administration .
2008 's historic financial meltdown led to industrialized countries taking on an unprecedented amount of public debt .
According to the OECD , public sector debt will top 100 % of GDP in 2011 for all industrialized countries .
This level has never been seen during peacetime .
Worse , these projections ignore the " off - the - books " obligations -- Social Security and Medicare , for example -- which are many times the size of the documented debt .
Given the aging of key demographics in these countries , " there is no definite and comprehensive account of the unfunded , contingent liabilities that governments currently have accumulated .
" The current interest rate environment is , in historical terms , exceptionally low .
The question BIS grapples with is a critical one : given governments ' traditional unwillingness to implement tough frugality measures , when will investors begin demanding higher interest rates that correspond to the real risks associated with out - of - control spending ?
When this occurs , the game is up .
Higher interest rates to higher debt levels , which lead to higher interest rates , and so on .
The question is when , not if , we enter that particular vortex .
The acceleration in accumulated public debt should be of tantamount concern , according to BIS .
Table 1 points to a rather stunning fact : by 2011 , U.S. public debt will have increased from 62 % of GDP to 100 % in just .
When measured against the other countries in the table , the U.S. will move from seventh highest debt load to fourth , trailing only Japan , Italy and -- drum roll , please -- Greece .
Even more concerning is the fact that the fiscal policy of increased spending unhappily coincides with accelerating -- and unfunded -- spending tied to social programs for the elderly .
In the case of the U.S. , Social Security and Medicare represent huge expenditures that will increase dramatically as the baby boomer generation retires Further compounding the problem is the rise in per capita health care costs in all industrialized countries -- including those with completely socialized delivery of medical services .
A 2007 study -- one of the few that attempted to estimate the total debt situation for seven major countries -- and determined , on average , that each country would have to improve their spending - to - revenue ratio by 4.5 % of GDP to make good on their debts .
The U.S. was far worse than average -- and , remember , this is 2005 data -- because it required a roughly 7 % of GDP budget fix .
In today 's dollars , that would mean cutting about a trillion dollars in spending annually ( or bringing in a trillion more revenue ) .
The situation is far more dire today .
BIS also attempts to do 30 - year projects for the debt / GDP ratio for a dozen major economies : Austria , France , Germany , Greece , Ireland , Italy , Japan , the Netherlands , Portugal , Spain , the United Kingdom and the United States .
Given that , BIS asks the question : just what level of spending reductions would be necessary for these countries to achieve economic stability ?
For the U.S. , 8.1 % of GDP must be either cut or found in revenue .
In today 's dollars , this represents roughly $ 1.2 trillion -- coincidentally , that 's roughly the total amount of the Democrat Stimulus and Omnibus spending packages of 2009 .
Each and every year , for the next five years , the U.S. must rein in spending by this amount .
And the longer it is put off , the more painful it will be .
Worse still , BIS asserts that interest rates are certain to rise for all of these countries as investors demand higher risk premia .
The implications are brutal : as higher amounts of public debt come due , ever larger percentages of an economy 's production are dedicated to servicing debt .
The confluence of these factors imply increased taxes , which suppress the prospects for real economic growth .
According to BIS , taxes crowd out productive private capital .
Not only that , but a vicious cycle soon emerges : " a persistent slowdown in the rate of economic growth .
"
The vortex of debt sucks the life from the private sector and reduces economic vigor and opportunity .
BIS offers several important takeaways : •
The fiscal problems facing the U.S. and other industrialized countries are far worse than they appear .
Unfortunately , today 's Democrats are ignoring the looming disaster and -- worse still -- ladling on a brand new and completely unaffordable entitlement . •
Second , the amount of debt that must be financed is outrageously high -- and interest rates are certain to rise as reality confronts bond investors . •
Third , the persistently high levels of debt will severely harm the private sector , which reduces the prospects for long - term growth and recovery .
As the debt / GDP ratio approaches the 100 % limit , economic instability becomes a distinct possibility . •
Long - term fiscal imbalances ( spending far beyond one 's means ) " pose significant risk " to the entire monetary system .
Rampant inflation -- perhaps even hyperinflation -- are possible outcomes as debt is monetized ( money is printed to " purchase " the debt ) or inflation is outright encouraged by a government that wishes to reduce its real outlays .
Sensible measures -- like raising minimum ages for Social Security , Medicare and Medicaid benefits -- are required in short order .
The importance of the November elections -- and restoring fiscal sanity to the country -- can not be overstated .
Washington ( CNN ) --
Vowing to continue to " underwrite global security " -- but not alone -- the Obama administration Thursday released its first National Security Strategy , a 52 - page outline of the president 's strategic approach and priorities .
The NSS , required by Congress of every administration to be prepared every four years , for the first time combines homeland security and national security , focusing not only on threats internationally but on the threat of home - grown radicals inspired and recruited by al Qaeda .
" We view this as an important and emerging challenge , " Ben Rhodes , deputy national security adviser for strategic communication , told reporters .
Al Qaeda , he said , is less capable of using safe havens for training abroad and is now " trying to inspire Americans to carry out attacks on the U.S. "
Those Americans , he said , may have less direct contact with the terrorist organization but they carry American passports and know the strengths and weaknesses of the United States .
" Several recent incidents of violent extremists in the United States who are committed to fighting here and abroad have underscored the threat to the United States and our interests posed by individuals radicalized at home , " the NSS states .
" Our best defenses against this threat are well informed and equipped families , local communities and institutions . "
Federal , state and local governments will use intelligence , expanded community engagement and development programs to help local communities address the radicalization of Americans before they join al Qaeda , Rhodes said .
There already is an interagency process , he said , devoted to countering radicalization .
This is a " new point of emphasis , " he said , because it is a new point of emphasis for America 's enemies .
Laying out its strategy for more traditional areas of national security , the National Security Strategy stresses the importance of working with other nations to deal with challenges to " renew American leadership . "
" It 's a broader view of national security than before , " Rhodes said .
Echoing themes going back to the days of Obama 's campaign for president , it says the U.S. must use " engagement " with friends and foes .
The United States must engage also with other " 21st century centers of influence -- including China , India and Russia , " the report says .
In a switch from the Bush administration 's doctrine of pre-emptive war , the Obama NSS says the United States will " draw on diplomacy , development , and international norms and institutions to resolve disagreements , prevent conflict , and maintain peace , mitigating wherever possible the need for the use of force . "
" While the use of force is sometimes necessary , " it says , " we will exhaust other options before war whenever we can , and carefully weigh the costs and risks of action against the costs and risks of inaction . "
The NSS also highlights " burden sharing , " working with other countries to deal with international threats .
" The U.S. needs to foster burden - sharing so it 's not on our shoulders alone , " Rhodes told reporters .
The administration 's focus on domestic terrorism is drawing some criticism from opponents who claim it " ignores reality ' by avoiding terms like " radical Islam . "
The ranking member of the Committee on Homeland Security , Republican U.S. Rep. Peter T. King , while saying he was " heartened " the strategy addresses the issue of home - grown terrorism , charged that " the Obama Administration refuses to even identify head - on the threat our nation faces .
Even though we have been at war against radical Islamic jihadists since they killed almost 3,000 Americans on 9/11 , the Obama administration fails to even mention such terms . "
Information and views on polyamory as espoused by Rebecca and James , a married couple who are polyarmorists .
Been a long few days , but Strawberry Perl April 2010 ( why do I want to keep typing 2009 ? ) is out .
Get it at http://strawberryperl.com/
Two major things have been added :1 ) There is a version of Strawberry Perl that can relocate on installation - the 5.12.0 builds .
5.10.1 and 5.8.9 will still be restricted to C:\strawberry \ or D:\strawberry \ , depending on the file downloaded .
2 ) Additional modules and scripts have been added , and everything has been updated .
Plans for July 2010 ( which will only include 5.12.1 and 5.10.1 builds - April is the last official 5.8.9 build ) include a " thumb - drive - portable " 5.12.1 .zip file ( instead of the current 5.10.1 thumb - portable ) , as well as a clean - up of all the reported / encountered bugs and polishing .
If MYMETA.yml support becomes universal , the build tools for Strawberry Perl will use it , as well .
I 'll try and be around on irc://irc.perl.org/win32 for a few days to take and check bug reports , but otherwise I 'll be taking a break until Monday .
Then I 'll start work on July 2010 ( or a rebuild of April 2010 if major problems are encountered . )
Soon , I 'll get the merge - module documentation up and on the site ( I meant to do it for January , but decided to wait until April to get it announced and documented . )
May 14 , 2010 - L4D Team
Week 4 of the in game blog : New Mutation , Angry and Confused , and Pick a Mutation .
Last Gnome On EarthProtect the gnome at all cost .
Do you crave attention ?
Want all the infected to swarm you and the gnome you are carrying ?
Then we have the game mode for you .
The team needs to carry the garden gnome from start to finish in any campaign .
The common infected hate the gnome and will swarm whoever is carrying him .
Watch out putting him on the ground , a boomer explosion will send him flying !
This Mutation is available in Campaign Mode .
Last week 's poll asked what makes you rage quit .
The answers were pretty spread out .
The top two were skill imbalance and team disharmony .
A thread was started in the L4D2 forums where people clarified their voting , thanks to everyone who participated .
This helps us make choices on how to combat this problem .
Our stats show the best way to avoid rage quitting is to play with friends .
Both Steam and Xbox Live support friending people you recently played with .
So if you have a good game with someone , make sure to bring up that dialogue and send a friend request .
Your future games depend on it .
Next week Realism Versus will slide into permanent slot for owners of " The Passing " but what about the other three Mutations ?
One is coming back for an encore week and you get to pick it .
Your choices are Bleed Out , Follow the Liter and Last Gnome on Earth .
Make sure to at least try Last Gnome on Earth before voting .
We will continue the Play with Devs games this weekend , someone needs to protect you while you carry the Gnome .
Look for us all this weekend using these gamer tags on steam - L4D2_DEV_1 L4D2_DEV_5 and these on Xbox Live - L4D2 DEV 1 , L4D2 DEV 2 , L4D2 DEV 3 , L4D2 DEV 4 , L4D2 DEV 5 .
Check back next week to see which Mutation will be returning .
The U.S. Federal Communications Commission will move to partially reclassify broadband as a common - carrier service in an attempt to move forward with net neutrality rules and its national broadband plan , an official there said Wednesday .
The FCC will move to reclassify broadband from a largely unregulated information service to a more regulated common - carrier service under Title II of the Communications
Act , but the agency will try to establish that it will not regulate many areas of broadband , an FCC official said .
The decision by FCC Chairman Julius Genachowski , to be announced Thursday , comes after a decision last month by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit , in which the court ruled the FCC did not have the authority to enforce informal net neutrality principles against Comcast .
Many telecom law experts said the decision raised questions about the FCC 's ability to create formal net neutrality rules or implement large portions of its national broadband plan , released in March .
The FCC official did not say what steps the agency would take to reclassify broadband .
The agency presumably would have to go through a lengthy rulemaking proceeding to make the change .
Instead of weak regulation or heavy regulation under Title II of the Communications Act , Genachowski will seek a " third way " to ensure that the FCC has some regulatory jurisdiction over broadband , an FCC official said .
The FCC 's approach would be to assert jurisdiction for " only the small handful of provisions that , prior to the Comcast decision , were widely believed to be within the Commission 's purview , " the official said .
At the same time , the FCC would create " meaningful boundaries to guard against regulatory overreach , " the official added .
Public Knowledge , a digital rights group in favor of new net neutrality rules , praised the decision .
" This is a welcome announcement , " Gigi Sohn , the group 's president , said in a statement .
" We have been saying for months that the FCC should consider a Title II solution to the problem of how to best protect consumers and expand broadband access and adoption in the U.S. since the Comcast case was decided . "
The FCC 's move makes sense , added Leslie Harris , president of the Center for Democracy and Technology , an online civil liberties group .
" This is a crucial step in developing a telecommunications legal framework for the 21st century , " she said in a statement .
" The communications network that matters now is the Internet .
It is rapidly becoming the central and indispensable platform for all types of communication and for all the free expression , commerce , and civic engagement that digital technologies enable . "
But the Internet Innovation Alliance , a group advocating widespread broadband adoption , questioned why the FCC was trying to regulate broadband at the same time as it was trying to encourage broadband deployment in its broadband plan .
IIA 's members include AT&T , Alcatel - Lucent , Connected Nation and One Economy .
" If the goal is maximizing broadband deployment and adoption under the broadband plan , new regulations such as these will not help , " said Bruce Mehlman , co-chairman of the group .
" This sounds more like a political solution likely to imperil investment than a policy initiative that tackles actual challenges in the marketplace . "
Randolph May , president of conservative think tank the Free State Foundation , called the FCC decision a mistake .
" I wo n't believe that Genachowski 's going to propose regulating Internet services like legacy telephone services until I hear him say it with my own ears , " he said .
" The turnabout in Internet policy would be radical .
It would be a mistake of historic proportions . "
Earlier Wednesday , two powerful members of Congress called on the FCC to consider reclassifying broadband as a common - carrier service in order to protect net neutrality and enact the broadband plan .
A letter from Representative Henry Waxman , a California Democrat and chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Committee , and Senator Jay Rockefeller , a West Virginia Democrat and chairman of the Senate Commerce , Science and Transportation Committee , called on the FCC to consider " all viable " options to establish that it has the power to protect broadband consumers and create new programs to encourage broadband deployment .
The worst grasshopper outbreak in decades may envelop the western states this summer , scientists warn .
A dramatic rise in the number of grasshoppers was found during a survey of the western states conducted last year , by the U.S. Department of Agriculture ( USDA ) .
And while that may seem bad enough on its own , it 's really the grasshoppers ' kids that are the threat .
If last summer 's adults were successful during mating season , then the worst grasshopper infestation in 30 years could strike ranches and agricultural land in the Great Plains states between late July and early August , said Roeland Elliston of the USDA 's Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service in Fort Collins , Colo. , who worked on the survey .
Ecologist David Branson who was not involved with the study but specializes in grasshopper management with the USDA in Sidney , Mont. , agreed .
Pacific Northwest states such as Washington are also facing their worst grasshopper infestation in 30 years , said entomologist Richard Zach of Washington State University in Pullman , Wash . , who was not involved in the survey .
The USDA survey included the number of adult grasshoppers from late spring to early fall in 2009 .
Based on those numbers , and favorable reproductive conditions such as the mild winter this year , researchers identified areas at risk of a grasshopper infestation , including states in the Great Plains and the Pacific Northwest .
Montana , Wyoming and Nebraska — states with typically high numbers of grasshoppers due to the large expanses of open range land there — are already seeing more than eight grasshoppers per square yard .
That 's like walking through a field and having eight grasshoppers fly in your face with every step , Zach said .
The problem is spreading to Pacific Northwest states not used to dealing with grasshopper outbreaks .
In Washington , 451,000 acres of land had a grasshopper density higher than eight grasshoppers per square yard in 2009 , up from 67,000 acres in 2006 , Zach said .
Across the 17 western states , adult grasshoppers blanketed 115 million acres at densities between eight and 15 grasshoppers per square yard , according to the USDA report .
The potential economic impact is uncertain , but federal agencies and researchers are advising farmers and ranchers to keep a watchful eye on grasshopper numbers and be ready to spray their land with pesticides if an outbreak hits .
The most troublesome species across the western states are the clear - winged grasshopper and the migratory grasshopper .
These species could team up with another plant pest , the Mormon Cricket , to ravage natural grasses and plants .
The Mormon Cricket is actually not a cricket at all , but is a close relative known as a shield - backed katydid .
Smaller grasshopper infestations have hit in recent years .
Swarms of grasshoppers devastated over 7,000 acres of grassland in southeastern Oregon 's high desert last summer .
However , they normally strike open rangeland , which is not as valuable as farmland .
" They eat anything that 's green .
If they 're hungry enough they 'll even chew into the shoots , " Zach told LiveScience , referring to the two troublesome species .
Most ranchers wo n't spray pesticides until grasshopper numbers reach 15 per square yard , because it is n't cost - effective on their sprawling ranches , Elliston said .
When grasshoppers run out of food , they will fly away and can get caught in wind currents and journey between 30 to 50 miles ( 48 to 81 kilometers ) in search of food .
Mormon Crickets cannot fly , but they can march across rangeland .
" If you have major outbreaks , as the rangeland dries up you 'll get them moving into adjacent crop fields , which is also a major problem , " Branson said .
The general public should n't worry about the outbreak , Zach said .
People may notice a few more grasshoppers in their gardens , but unless their house is on the edge of rangeland , where grasshoppers prefer to feast , the outbreak wo n't be a serious problem for them .
How do you know if your data center cooling system is operating at its peak performance ?
Understanding key performance indicators arms data center managers with the power to assess , track and manage cooling system efficiency .
Consider these steps to develop useful metrics for analyzing cooling system performance and create a baseline for optimizing operations .
Understanding your cooling specifications
Before any measurement or analysis can be performed , you must understand the cooling system specifications of your computer room .
Without this baseline , no comparison exists when reading and analyzing environmental measurements .
Typically , cooling specifications are provided using the gross square footage of the computer room .
This measurement , traditionally in watts per square foot , incorporates all of the floor space including the space not utilized by racks or other equipment .
Determine your wattage by cabinet Calculate the physical square footage that a cabinet consumes and multiply this by your cooling specification .
For example , if your rack takes up 25 square feet ( which includes space in front and behind the rack ) , and the cooling capacity of the room is 100 watts per square foot , then your cooling density per rack will be 2.5kW .
Understanding your IT load
Change is constant in the IT profession .
Chances are the IT equipment that was used to create specifications for your data center no longer exists .
During the life cycle of your data center , the IT equipment will change many times .
Understanding the heat load generated by IT equipment is essential to cooling system performance .
Calculate heat load Review the manufacturer ’s installation documentation for each server and add up the amount of BTUs per rack .
( This is the easiest method for determining your expected heat load ) .
You can also estimate your heat load by using metered PDUs in your racks .
To do this , take your amperage reading on your PDU and multiply this value by the voltage to obtain your watts per cabinet .
Add up the wattage totals of your cabinets and this value can be used as an estimate of your heat load generated by your IT equipment .
This information can also be used to help you balance the heat load across racks .
Create a Baseline using Environmental Tests
Once the engineering specifications are understood and the heat load has been calculated for the IT equipment , you can create a baseline for environmental variables in your room .
Creating a baseline involves actively monitoring strategically placed temperature , humidity and air flow probes in the computer room over a given period of time .
Not only will this provide a current snapshot of how your cooling system is operating , but it can also alert you potential issues before they become problems or incidents .
Measuring tools do not have to be expensive to be effective .
For example , utilizing the RSMINI by Geist Manufacturing , you can monitor up to 16 temperature , humidity and air flow probes for under $ 1000 .
Pair this with an open source monitoring software package , such as Cacti or MRTG , and you can also trend against your computer room specifications and alert when points are out of range .
Measure the temperature and humidity of your computer room Place humidity and temperature probes in the cold aisles
Place the probes in the middle of the aisle between the rows of racks
Place probes , or utilize probes on your air handler units , to measure the temperature and humidity of the return air
These measurements will provide a good cooling profile of the computer room and allow you to compare the measured results to the computer room specifications .
They can also indicate problems in the computer room before they impact operations .
Understanding your cooling specifications , applied IT load and environmental variables will allow you to create a baseline that will yield a properly operating and efficient cooling system .
What KPIs are working for you ?
A Copyright Easter Egg , in terms of mapping , is a feature that is drawn in a distinctive way in order to help identify its original author .
It may be a nonexistent , or slightly or heavily distorted , map feature , or its name may be wrongly or unusually spelt .
The supposed main purpose of such a feature is to strengthen the author 's case in a copyright dispute .
If he can show that his own unique feature appears in the defendant 's work , it is easier to prove that the defendant 's work is a copy of his .
Do n't confuse with Errata
There 's a fine line between easter eggs and errata .
For example Google Maps / Tele Atlas has Patrick 's Hill in Cork where Camden Quay should be .
This is probably just Google making a mistake .
They have been known to get London tube stations on the wrong side of the river .
Clearly they do n't display major errors like this deliberately ( it makes their map unusable in the area ! ) .
We have a Catalog of Errors listing more examples .
Of course errors may also serve as a copyright trap in a legal dispute over copyright , but " copyright easter egg " refers to false features or inaccuracies deliberately introduced for the purpose of laying a copyright trap .
Errors can be introduced for all kinds of reasons , and may look a lot like copyright easter eggs .
A good example of how this can happen , is " paper street " errors .
A highway developer submits a plan to the government , but never actually builds all the streets .
Many local maps will include these , since mapmakers often produce maps by referring to the plans .
TIGER is full of these .
Again this is not a deliberate copyright easter egg by the map makers , though it may look a lot like one .
OSM 's view of the Topic
Fake street features are fairly hard to find , and we really have no idea how many there are .
Fake streets , purpose mis-spellings and phantom churches are all thought to exist .
Accidental errors and minor inaccuracies could also serve as copyright traps .
OpenStreetMap asks you not to reference maps when entering data .
This is partly to avoid such copyright traps , but also because we genuinely do n't want to copy information from these sources .
Organisations like the UK's Ordnance Survey have placed their maps under copyright .
A campaign exists to change this ( ' Free Our Data ' ) but here at OpenStreetMap we are working around the problem by building an open - licensed free and accurate geodata from scratch .
The project is not an exercise in copying maps while trying to avoid copyright traps .
We create maps without copying at all !
That is the challenge we have set for ourselves .
Does OSM have copyright easter eggs ?
Although some OSMers have deliberately added errors to the OSM data as well ( see posting on legal - talk by User : 80n ) , this is strictly discouraged and contrary to OSM policy .
It 's also very unnecessary .
Even if we seek to represent reality perfectly , that will never be the reality of map data .
With OpenStreetMap there 's a very unique and distinct fingerprint evident in the data coverage and details included , and yes , in the errors made .
For example in 2012 the OpenStreetMap foundation could issue a statement with absolute confidence that Apple had used our maps ( without crediting us ) based on very evident copying , and without the need for introduced errors .
Printed Maps that " Lye "
A–Z Map of Bristol
To the right is a tiny scan from an A–Z map of central Bristol .
Only if you go and wander around Canynge Square in Bristol you see some nice houses ( in the photo below the map ) where that Close should be .
Lye Close is n't in the index either .
Weird , huh ?
Well , not really .
It ’s an Easter egg , a surprise street ( sometimes known as a " trap street " ) inserted so that if you attempt to copy the map then the copyright holder can prove you copied it .
Otherwise , why would you have the nonsense street in your map if you did n’t get it from them ?
Examples from Google Maps
( These are examples from Google Maps gathered back when google used Tele Atlas for European data coverage )
Moat Lane , Finchley , London N3 .
Tele Atlas ( as used by Google Maps ) has this road , which does n't exist .
Not according to the Royal Mail , not according to Bartholomew , not according to personal experience .
Kerbela Street , Shrewsbury , England .
Just off Meadow Farm Drive in Shrewsbury Google Maps shows a Kerbela Street , which does not physically exist at this location or even exist at all in Shrewsbury , according to Royal Mail .
Torrington Place , Finchley , London N3 , allegedly at the end of Arcadia Avenue N3 .
Tele Atlas has this road , which does n't exist in reality .
Not according to Royal Mail , not according to Bartholomew , not according to personal experience .
The Avenue , Finchley , London N3 .
Tele Atlas has this short street at entirely the wrong angle , taking it straight through a block of flats , about 60 metres from its real location .
Warwick Road and Tudor Close - Sutton Coldfield shows up a good example of a Tele Atlas Easter egg .
Or could it be that they planned to build the extension to Warwick Road and the Tudor Close spur but never did , in which case the detail for the map could have come from the planning stage .
I 'm not so sure though as the extension to Warwick runs through the back gardens of existing homes .
Anyway , these roads do n't exist in real life .
Here is what the housing estate looks like on OSM as created from my GPX track .
Blackadder 12:17 , 3 Feb 2006 ( GMT )
Clapham Junction to Clapham Common a Tele Atlas Easter Egg showed a road running diagonal from the main intersection of Clapham Junction to Clapham Common , through several streets , rows of houses , and a department store .
This easter egg was removed from Google maps at some point towards the end of 2006 .
The roads are now mapped on OSM .
Oxygen Street does n't exist in this part of Edinburgh
Basildon Tele Atlas again : A couple of residential roads where the casual / unobservant visitor would be fooled into thinking they were in woodland with footpaths ....-- DrMark 13:18 , 12 July 2008 ( UTC )
There are ( at least ) two mistakes / easter eggs in the map of Hilden ( Germany ) : Grünewaldstraße -
There appears a sidestreet " Grünewaldstraße " south to the street named " Grünewald " .
As the housenumbers suggest , this " Grünewaldstraße " is in fact named " Grünewald " , too .
In addition , the German postal code lookup server does not recognise a " Grünewaldstraße " in Hilden .
Schwannenplatz -
The street " Schwanenplatz " is ( deliberately ? ) wrongly named " Schwannenplatz " .
The funny point with this is , that Google itself suggests the right name :-)
St. Helens , UK shows " Hobbs Place " noted on the map , but on the satellite imagery you can see the road does n't actually exist .
U.S. Highway 9 is routed along New Jersey Route 52 , 9th Street , and County Routes 619 and 623 around Great Egg Harbor Bay .
While this may be due to the fact that the Beesley 's Point Bridge ( the span to the left of the Garden State Parkway ) is closed indefinitely , the fact is that US 9 has not been officially rerouted off of the closed bridge .
Google has since moved the US 9 markings to the Garden State Parkway , which is an alternative to the closed Beesley 's Point Bridge but is not the official route .
CrystalWalrein 14:31 , 7 July 2010 ( UTC )
Rogaland , Norway : Wrongly named way
In this map the part of Dublandsvegen which is secondary road is really called Opstadvegen .
Also , many places
Tele Atlas miss intersections or they have added where it should n't be .
( Good motivation to make a better map here on OSM ! )
Bonn , Germany : Non-existing pathway .
The " Galgenpfad " ( german for " gallows - pathway " , maybe some Tele Atlas joke ? ) does not exist ( see blog post ) .
In Langenstein , Saxony - Anhalt , Germany , there is a whole block of streets in a forest / on a mountain .
fixed , apparently an error
Ordnance Survey vs Automobile Association
Ordnance Survey Maps sued the Automobile Association for copying their maps and diffusing the results to individuals as well as to third party mappers .
Some 26 maps from AA were proven in court to be more or less direct copies of OS maps , or to incorporate data from OS maps .
The AA was fined almost million pounds for infringement of copyright .
Subsequently , the AA agreed to an out - of - court settlement of £ 20 million as compensation for other instances of copyright infringement .
Compared to this sum , the AA has an annual cash flow of about £ 30 million .
Road signs that lie
There are also cases where the street signs are incorrect , but the maps are correct .
For instance , the B550 from Highgate in London to Whetstone ( according to official sources at the Department for Transport , and according to OS , Bartholomew , Tele Atlas and Mapquest Maps ) .
There are road signs at the Colney Hatch intersection on the A406 North Circular Road that shows it as the B550 in one direction and B505 in another .
Anachronisms
A stretch of road in northern New Jersey is known and mapped as New Jersey Route 24 along County Routes 517 , 513 , and 510 , although a freeway was built with that designation between I - 78 and I - 287 , and in 1993 the old Route 24 ceased to exist , although resident resistance has kept the old Route 24 signs standing since they know the road as such .
More anachronisms are found in Port Norris , New Jersey , where Strawberry Avenue is marked as County Route 680 , High Street is CR 631 and Ogden Avenue is CR 632 .
These designations were removed in the late 1980s when the oyster industry collapsed , but the signs remain and the roads are mapped as such .
An error between the TIGER imports , Tele Atlas and Navteq is the designation of County Routes 649 and 633 as County Routes 15 and 33 ( and CR 728 as 33B ) ; these were designations set forth by Cumberland County until standardisation under the current county route system .
CrystalWalrein 02:46 , 20 October 2008 ( UTC )
Other types of watermarking
Beyond introducing blatantly false information , other tricks are employed by cartographers to protect their work from copying .
Digital easter eggs
A class of Easter Eggs can be implemented by digital map providers who do not want their raw map data ( vectors ) copied .
The lower bits of the geographic coordinates are mangled in some systematic way so that it would not be obvious to a user of the map , but could be used in a Copyright trial to show that the data had been copied .
For instance , if all the coordinates had a remainder of 3 when divided by seven , or were all displaced from their real coordinates by some small but real offset .
So do n't use digital map coordinates from proprietary sources even if you were to compare every intersection and shape point on the map !
Cartographic style easter eggs
Vertices trick / mark .
There used to be a trick for marking cartography using Morse code , spread across the vectors defining geometry of features .
Some companies would place hidden words encoded along the edge of a feature represented by regular length segments representing dots and dashes .
Another rumoured trick is use the seemingly random spacing of tree symbols in a forest area .
Rather than placing them completely randomly , the spacing can be adjusted in some coded manner .
Cellphone users frequently drive themselves to distraction while operating cars , and all too often end up in traffic accidents .
But a select few multitask behind the wheel with extraordinary skill , a new study finds .
About one in 40 drivers qualifies as a “ supertasker , ” able to combine driving and cell phone use without impairing performance of either activity , say psychologists Jason Watson and David Strayer , both of the University of Utah in Salt Lake City .
These unusual exceptions to the general rule that performance declines when a person does two things at once ( SN : 3/13/10 , p. 16 ) may offer insights into the workings of attention and mental control , Watson and Strayer propose in an upcoming Psychonomic Bulletin & Review .
Laboratory tests of 200 volunteers operating a driving simulator identified five extraordinary individuals .
These people were good drivers :
They hit the brakes quickly in response to cars that slowed in front of them and maintained a safe distance from other cars .
They also excelled at solving simple math problems and remembering words heard over a hands - free cellphone when not driving .
Critically , their performance on these tasks stayed just as high while driving and using cellphones at the same time .
“ Supertaskers did a phenomenal job of performing several different tasks at once , ” Watson says .
“ We ’d all like to think we could do the same , but the odds are overwhelmingly against it . ”
Watson and Strayer studied college students , ages 18 to 43 .
After learning to operate a driving simulator on a virtual highway , participants followed an intermittently braking pace car driving in the right - hand lane .
For each volunteer , the researchers measured time needed to depress the brakes when the pace car slowed and distance from the pace car throughout the trip .
In a separate trial , participants listened through hands - free cellphones as an experimenter read two to five words interspersed with simple math problems that had to be immediately labeled as true or false .
Volunteers then tried to recall words in the order that they were presented .
As expected , overall group performance declined markedly when driving and the cellphone task were performed at the same time .
Volunteers took an average of 20 percent longer to hit the brakes when needed , and increasingly fell behind the pace car .
Word recall fell by 11 percent and math accuracy declined 3 percent .
But the handful of supertaskers maintained their braking times , following distances and math accuracy while multitasking .
Their word recall rose 3 percent .
Stanford University sociologist Clifford Nass wonders whether supertaskers in the new study prefer doing many things at once in their daily lives .
He and his colleagues have found that young adults who often multitask — say by regularly sending text messages while navigating websites and watching television — perform worse when switching back and forth between two mental tasks than peers who rarely multitask .
Frequent multitaskers have difficulty ignoring information irrelevant to a task at hand , Nass argues .
That leads Nass to the somewhat surprising conclusion that supertaskers tend not to juggle multiple duties and do n’t need to practice multitasking to be good at it .
Researchers need to explore whether supertaskers jointly simply perform well - learned abilities the same way everyone else does but with far more efficiency , or instead deploy mental resources in distinctive ways , says psychologist Randall Engle of Georgia Tech in Atlanta .
Watson and Strayer plan to do that by comparing various measures of brain activity for people who do and do n’t rank as supertaskers .
Image : CraigOppy / flickr
See Also :
But with oil it was different .
People stopped .
They talked .
They were intrigued and passionate and intelligent and a little angry .
They understood that oil companies simply deliver a product .
Yet — and I think this has to do with their size and profit — people often expected something more from them than they did of other large industries .
A gallon of milk costs more than a gallon of gas , but it does n’t cause global warming .
And we do n’t need 85 million barrels of it a day .
Image Credit ...
Stephen Doyle
In short , they knew the power of an oil company executive .
And they wanted leaders .
After a day and a half of interviews , we had enough footage for five commercials .
They were raw and emotional .
The things people said were sometimes none - too - flattering to BP or the industry .
At the end of each spot , we put up a list of what BP was doing in terms of cleaner fuels , alternative forms of energy , recognizing global warming and reducing their own emissions ; stuff you did n’t hear from an oil company .
Before the “ beyond petroleum ” tagline , we added , “ It ’s a start . ”
We did print ads too .
The same way .
Real people , real quotes as headlines that challenged BP and the industry .
No oil company — few companies at all — had ever spoken like this , confronting the debate so frankly .
They liked it .
Advertising is a funny business .
You get to help shape the personalities of huge companies .
Most often it ’s for cellphone service or credit cards or fast food or paper towels .
Rarely are you faced with whether you “ believe ” in a product or service .
This was different .
This was serious .
I believed wholeheartedly in BP ’s message , that we could go — or at least work toward going — beyond petroleum .
The campaign first appeared a few days before Sept. 11 , 2001 .
It was shelved for a long time .
Then relaunched .
In that time , I moved on to other assignments and later another agency .
The campaign is running again .
I heard that the interviewees are prescreened now , which is too bad .
And last week , I heard that the pipeline in Prudhoe Bay is corroded and leaking .
The company that claims to be beyond petroleum shut down a pipeline that serves up 400,000 barrels of petroleum a day .
Maybe Coca - Cola ’s new line should be “ It ’s good for your teeth . ”
I read too that the energy expert Daniel Yergin claimed last week that “ new analysis of oil - industry activity points to a considerable growth in the capacity to produce oil in the years ahead . ”
It seems unlikely that anyone ’s going to push hard to change our energy future .
Born To Be Wilden
Our exploration of races in 4e continues with the Wilden .
The Wilden are one of the new races found in the Players Handbook 3 .
As a race born of the primal fury of nature , the Wilden are the ultimate defender of nature .
Similar to the Shardmind , which we looked at last week , the Wilden are awakened from nature itself .
A new race they are a blank slate with no preconceptions or history .
With only a primal desire to defend nature in all its forms , the Wilden is a powerful and intriguing new race .
This entry on the Wilden is the latest in an installment that investigates the various races in Dungeons & Dragons 4e .
Be sure to read the other entries :
I took the opportunity to try the Wilden out back when they were PHB3 preview content .
It was a short adventure and I really enjoyed the race .
In fact they are among my new favourite races .
I know last time I blasted the Shardmind as they are sentient fragments of the living gate .
The Wilden as primal forces of nature that awakened to fight on nature ’s behalf are n’t that different from the Shardmind in terms of the races origins .
However , I have to say I do n’t mind this when it comes to the Wilden .
Maybe it ’s just my inner tree hugger coming to the forefront .
Attribute Bonuses
Wise , tough and agile describes the Wilden perfectly .
The Wilden favour any class that uses Wisdom as a primary ability .
However , being able to select either Constitution or Dexterity opens up a great deal of class opportunities for the player who selects the Wilden as a race .
Again , I have to reiterate that I ’m extremely happy that WotC have gone the route of allowing some choice when it comes to racial ability scores .
Skill Bonuses
The Wilden receives a bonus to both Nature and Stealth which when you consider the origins of the race make perfect sense .
This plays well to any primal character and also makes the Wilden a great party scout .
The synergies with Wisdom and Dexterity also play well to these two skills .
Racial Benefits
Hardy Form
A nice benefit that the Wilden receives is the ability to select what defense they are able to gain a bonus towards .
This allows the Wilden to either play up strengths that were selected through ability choice selection and class selection , or to shore up any weaknesses .
As most races gain a bonus towards certain defenses , having the ability to select what defense to strengthen is a great bonus .
Nature ’s Aspect
Whenever a Wilden takes an extended rest they are able to select one of the following three aspects : Aspect of the Ancients , Aspect of the Destroyer , Aspect of the Hunter .
I wo n’t go into the details of each of these powers .
However , each are geared towards a certain style of play .
The advantage that the Wilden has is that they are able to change up this power if they have an idea of what will be coming in the next series of encounters .
While play - testing the Wilden the Nature ’s Aspect series of powers were one of the most interesting parts of the race .
Changing things up after the extended rest also kept the DM on his toes as he was never quite sure what power I ’d bring to bear during the encounter .
Class Considerations
The description of the Wilden indicates that they would make great Battleminds , Druids , Invokers or Shamans .
However , the Wilden can excel at any of the following classes .
Ardent
Avenger
Battlemind
Cleric
Druid
Invoker
Monk
Ranger
Rogue
Seeker
Shaman
Warden
Have you taken the opportunity to play the Wilden ?
What ’s your take on this new race ?
Looking for instant updates ?
Subscribe to the Dungeon ’s Master feed !
Pin 1 1 Shares
Do you ever notice that most pictures that accompany corporate communications are ridiculously lame ?
Here are my top 10 lamest corporate stock photos .
1. Corporate Super Heroes Staring into the Distance :
I ’m sorry but what are they looking at ?
Their office ?
Are they going to meet with their billion dollar account ?
This picture represents what financial advisers think there job is going to be like , before they start .
2. High - powered Executive Meeting Silhouette :
This futuristic business meeting takes place on some sort of virtual reality set .
World Corp. Inc. is doing very well , but they do n’t have to rub it in .
3. Executive Jet Landing :
If you want to create more animosity between executive and employees , this picture should help .
4. Man with Briefcase and Hands in the Air :
Is this guy going to work or leaving ?
Maybe this is his last day before summer vacation .
What do you think ?
5. High School Executive Meeting :
A day in the life of the White Young Person Inc. executive council .
6. Ethnically Diverse Work Unit :
After numerous complaints and negative publicity , Young White Person Inc. used this stock photo instead .
7. Chrome Glass - walled Boardroom :
Why do people associate corporate life with a complete lack of culture and humanity ?
This room does nothing to inspire .
It makes me think of Robocop or Terminator .
8. Hand with Pen :
This the most generic of all generic corporate communication stock images .
I ca n’t look … no… make it stop !
9. International Corporate Reps :
Do these people actually have white collars ?
10 . Firm - saving International Business Deal :
“ I ’ll meet you in the parking lot by the giant chrome globe at 3:00 to close the deal . ”
There you have it .
Generic corporate stock photos at their worst .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Tags : corporate jet , executive , generic image , high school executive , International corporation , robocop , stock photos , terminator
This article is about the standard continuity Mystery Inc .
For other incarnations , see Mystery Incorporated ( disambiguation ) .
“ Of course it 's haunted .
Like , when do we ever go to a place that is not haunted ? ” — Shaggy Rogers , Scooby - Doo ! Stage Fright
Mystery Incorporated , [ 1 ] [ 2 ] often shortened to Mystery Inc. , [ 3 ] [ 4 ] are an amateur crime - solving group of friends .
Their mystery solving began as preadolescents in the city of Coolsville , and eventually across the globe .
Contents show ]
Members
Former members
Associates
For a complete list of Mystery Inc. 's associates , look here .
History
Animated history
Apocryphal
Comic history
Novel history
Video game history
Appearances
Origin of name
In 1969 , they were simply known as " the gang , " with the designation of a proper name first appeared in 1973 , on an LP called Scooby Doo and the Snowmen Mystery , when they were referred to as Mystery Incorporated .
In 1977 , the Peter Pan read - a- long books called them both Mystery Incorporated and Mystery Inc. , also the same year , comics published by Marvel Comics referred to them as Mystery Inc .
In 1988 , when the gang appeared in the A Pup Named Scooby - Doo , they were called the Scooby - Doo Detective Agency , " borrowed " from the team name used in The New Scooby and Scrappy Doo Show and The New Scooby - Doo Mysteries ( which had Scrappy - Doo , but largely no Fred or Velma ) .
Finally in 1998 , they were officially recognized in animated form for the first direct - to - video film , Scooby - Doo on Zombie Island , as Mystery Inc .
Following on from that , in the fourth film , Scooby - Doo and the Cyber Chase , they were both called Mystery Inc. and the Mystery Gang .
They are rarely called Mystery Inc. in animated form , with a seeming general avoidance from writers to ever attempt to use it , instead opting to just call them the Scooby Gang or the Scooby - Doo Gang .
Since 2013 , however , " Mystery Incorporated " is randomly used in DTVs , beginning with Scooby - Doo !
Mask of the Blue Falcon .
This may be largely down to its heavy use in the unrelated TV series , Scooby - Doo !
Mystery Incorporated , airing from 2010 - 2013 .
It was also used in the unrelated live - action films Scooby - Doo 2 : Monsters Unleashed ( in 2004 ) and Scooby - Doo !
Curse of the Lake Monster ( on TV in 2010 , and 2011 on DVD ) .
Conversely , " Mystery Inc. " has been in regular use by Scholastic and DC Comics .
Notes / trivia
The gang appeared as a cameo in the Warner Bros.
Animation - produced Duck Dodgers episode Surf the Stars , during the surf contest between Dodgers and Crusher .
See also
Ciudad de M�xico | Lunes 12 de abril de 2010
Notimex | El Universal
10:02
Fuentes de la Procuradur�a General de Justicia del Distrito Federal ( PGJDF ) confirmaron que ya dio inicio a las indagatorias respectivas que se realizan en la FAS .
Por la desaparici�n del funcionario , ocurrida desde hace aproximadamente una semana , hasta este momento no se tiene a ninguna persona detenida o presentada , confirmaron las fuentes consultadas .
La �ltima ocasi�n que se tuvo reporte del funcionario fue el pasado lunes cuando sali� de las instalaciones de la FAS , en la zona de Azcapotzalco .
Hasta su desaparici�n , Contreras Silva llevaba a cabo una investigaci�n relacionada con una banda dedicada al robo a transportistas que plagiaban por algunas horas a los conductores de las unidades para apoderarse de las mercanc�as .
PSL , April 22 , 2010
U.S. soldiers ,
Afghans dying so that Pentagon can avoid appearance of defeat
The U.S. military has retreated from a base in the remote Korengal Valley , Afghanistan , after spending over four years trying to hold the ground .
The U.S. forces even negotiated the terms of their defeat , paying the resistance fighters and leaving them the base fully intact with buildings , fuel , generators and military equipment , in order to be allowed a peaceful retreat out of the valley .
The corporate media and , for the most part , the Pentagon brass have framed the forced retreat from the " Valley of Death " as a " shift " in strategy .
This so - called shift has been eye - opening for the soldiers and marines who have lost friends and shed blood in the mountains of Afghanistan , while forced to defend an outpost which U.S. military commanders have argued is " a remote backwater of limited strategic value . "
Despite its " limited strategic value , " a startling 42 U.S. troops have been killed there , hundreds have been wounded , and a disproportionate number of Afghan civilians have perished .
One of the last soldiers to die there took his own life , unable to cope with the daily horrors of a hopeless mission .
U.S. troops used as bait
The soldiers stationed in the Korengal Valley had one mission : to act as sitting targets and wait to be attacked on a daily basis .
The Afghans in the Korengal Valley were fighting because foreign invaders have occupied their country for nearly a decade .
The U.S. military occupied the Korengal Valley to provoke them into a fight .
This is the logic of empire .
The harsh reality that we have been used as nothing more than bait cannot be overlooked .
The strategy of Korengal Valley �to place soldiers and marines in harm�s way in an attempt to use them as bait to lure the Afghan resistance into battle so that military fighter jets , helicopters and other resources could be called in to target the Afghan fighters and kill them using whatever equipment was available �has been a complete failure .
The retreat should serve as a clear signal that our pain and suffering is of no concern to the officers and politicians forcing us to fight .
Specialist Robert Soto of Company B , First Battalion , 26th Infantry , was quoted in the New York Times .
His words offer us a glimpse at this truth : " It hurts , " he said .
" It hurts on a level that � three units from the Army , we all did what we did up there .
And we all lost men .
We all sacrificed .
I was 18 years old when I got there .
I really would not have expected to go through what we went through at that age . "
Even individuals from the officer class have commented on the absurdity of the outpost baiting tactics : " Realistically no one needs to be there , " said Maj .
Ukiah Senti , the executive officer of Second Battalion , 12th Infantry Regiment , Task Force Lethal , which oversees Korengal and neighboring areas .
" We�re not really overwatching anything other than safeguarding ourselves . "
Just like the U.S. outpost that was overrun in Wanat in 2008 , leaving 75 percent of the troops there dead or wounded in one of the deadliest attacks of the war , there was " no point " except to wait to be attacked .
U.S. forces retreated from that outpost as well , defeated by the local population .
All the U.S. troops who perished at Wanat , Korengal Valley and every other outpost in Afghanistan died because the generals did not know how to defeat the growing resistance .
Instead of admitting defeat , the generals sent troops to an area where they were hated by the local population and left them to be constantly bombarded .
The generals knew full well that they could not defeat the resistance this way ; the only goal was to keep them fighting to stave off defeat .
Afghan resistance to U.S. imperialism strengthens
Korengal Valley is a microcosm of the entire country .
The generals arrogantly thought that by occupying the valley .
they would draw out and kill all the resistance fighters and eventually win over the local population .
But their presence only infuriated the people and inspired countless more fighters to resist the occupation .
This is the situation in all of Afghanistan .
The Pentagon brass openly admit that the resistance forces cannot be defeated militarily .
The goal in Afghanistan , like it was in Korengal , is to fight and die endlessly , while the generals figure out how to avoid the appearance of being defeated .
We are now being sent to fight a war that U.S. politicians know is unwinnable , a war in which it is impossible for military commanders to define " victory " , a war in which there is no foreseeable end .
The Afghan resistance grows and intensifies by the month , as it has since the start of the war .
In 2009 , U.S. fatalities in Afghanistan were twice the number who died in 2008 .
The first three months of 2010 have doubled 2009�s numbers .
A U.S. military defeat is inevitable , as civilian death tolls continue to rise , and popular sentiment shifts further against the occupation forces .
U.S. politicians refuse to accept this clear fact and will continue sending thousands to kill and die in the mountains of Afghanistan .
The same politicians who had delivered speeches on the floor of Congress denouncing the Taliban are now openly declaring their intentions to strike an agreement with them .
The same Taliban that was demonized by Bush and Obama , alike �the same ideology that the U.S. military was sent to remove from power �is now being offered positions of power in a new coalition government .
The goal of war in Afghanistan was never to " establish democracy " as Bush once stated or to fight against " terrorism , " but to create a government that would be friendly to U.S. corporate interests and serve as a staging ground for further invasions and interventions in the resource - rich region .
At this moment , the soldiers and marines , the fighting men and women of the enlisted ranks , are being used as bargaining chips against the anti-colonial sentiments of the Afghan people .
Washington must continue sending us to die in order to strike a better deal for U.S. corporate interests .
Soldiers , marines : Fight back !
As members of the enlisted class in the U.S. military , it is completely against our interests to continue fighting this criminal and illegal war in Afghanistan�a war waged on the basis of U.S. imperialist aggression and with the sole intent of becoming the dominant power in the region .
The people of Afghanistan want the same things that we do : the ability to live in peace , free from occupation , fear and death .
The politicians in Washington , D.C. , and the military brass �from the Pentagon to our Company CPs �will stop at nothing , however , in their attempts to conquer the people of Afghanistan .
But this will never happen .
The Afghan people will never accept colonialism .
They will never bow down or break .
We are sent to our deaths by individuals who proclaim themselves to be our " leaders " �the U.S. officer corps �but this does not have to be the case .
We have every right to refuse these illegal and criminal orders given to us by men and women who do virtually none of the fighting , none of the suffering , none of the dying .
These officers build their careers on the blood and tears of the enlisted class .
They will continue to send us to our deaths , until we stand up and and fight back .
The author is an Iraq war veteran and co-founder of March Forward !
who deserted the military , refusing orders to deploy to Afghanistan in 2007 .
Punchline : Big tobacco have hired the spin-doctors for the whaling lobby to astroturf as dairy owners to fight the tobacco tax .
Genius .
This came out of a blog post by Rory MacKinnon that various news organisations were citing press releases from the “ Association of Community Retailers ” , but none questioned who these people were .
According to their press release :
The ACR is a grass roots organisation , much like its predecessor , Stay Displays .
It is funded from membership subscriptions and , through its part - time coordinators in Wellington , our members will be kept informed on a range of issues that affect how retailers do business , ” Mr Gibson said .
Turns out , it 's a really good question , with a hilarious answer .
The ACR uses the same PO box as Omeke Public Relations , the firm established by Glenn Inwood .
You may remember him from such news stories as :
Reports say Glenn Inwood 's Omeka Public Relations company , which works for Japan 's Institute of Cetacean Research , chartered planes in Hobart and Albany to track the Sea Shepherd 's ship , the Steve Irwin , in December . ”
Same PO box .
So ?
Maybe the PO box lapsed .
Maybe a pro-smoking group just happened to pick up an old PO box from a pro-whaling group .
The ACR works out of the same Thorndon office as SpinItWide.com .
SpinItWide.com is registered to one Glenn Inwood .
Among SpinItWide 's clients are the Institute of Cetacean Research ( ICR ) .
So , humour me for a moment , and assume that this Association of Community Retailers is connected to the spin doctor for the pro-whaling lobby .
Maybe dairy owners found the money to pay for Inwood 's services .
Maybe Inwood is letting them use his offices because he shares their belief that smoking is a worthwhile cause .
Maybe he gets their mail for them because he 's a helpful guy .
The Wikipedia page on Glenn Inwood says ( emphasis added ) :
Inwood 's firm , Omeka , also works for Imperial Tobacco New Zealand , Japan Fisheries Agency , Japan Whaling Association , Species Management Specialists , and the World Council of Whalers . "
The page references Omeka 's own website in 2005 , which hosted content for Imperial Tobacco New Zealand .
SpinItWide is pimping Imperial Tobacco press releases right now .
Then there 's also Richard Green and Murray Gibson , founding members and spokespersons for the ACR .
Presumably this is the same “ Discount Tobacconist shop owner Richard Green ” quoted by the Manawatu Standard , since he said all the same things as he said in his press release .
Oh and hey , Rory also pointed to the fact that the ACR came out of the Stay Displays campaign .
Not only was that campaign also fronted by Green and Gibson , but they had support from SpinItWide in that campaign too .
Funny , funny story .
I would n't want to jump to conclusions about how much of the ACR campaign is driven by Inwood and staff .
Nor would I want to speculate about any financial arrangements that Green and Gibson have with Inwood .
And I most certainly would not want to speculate about any discussions that Inwood might have had with his tobacco - industry clients about the support he was providing for the ACR .
And if I was n't speculating about the ACR , I would n't speculate about its predecessor , Stay Displays , either .
Naturally , that would preclude me from speculating about any other organisations that SpinItWide.com has been helping .
I would n't , for example , have anything to say about the following organisations who use SpinItWide.com ( emphasis added randomly , with no meaning implied ) :
* The New Zealand Association of Convenience Stores .
Its " Premium Members " are : Cadbury , Coca Cola , Bluebird , Herbert Morton , Tip Top , Mars , Nestle , Streets , oh , and British American Tobacco and Imperial Tobacco .
* Lombard Finance & Investments .
* NZ Aged Care Association .
* Poutama .
* Te Ohu Kaimoana ( The Maori Fisheries Trust ) .
* Facilitate Communications Ltd. , on behalf of their clients .
Its managing Director is Carrick Graham .
He was the Director of Corporate & Regulatory Affairs for British American Tobacco New Zealand until 2006 .
Just sayin' .
Honestly though , I hope these guys have a better comeback than Whaleoil .
The KDE BitTorrent client KTorrent has become the first to implement the ' improved ' BitTorrent protocol that was open sourced by BitTorrent Inc. a few days ago .
With uTP , KTorrent users should cause less network congestion and interference with other applications .
They are also the first to benefit from faster connections to uTorrent users .
In March the uTorrent team released the long - awaited version 2.0 of their popular BitTorrent client which introduced several significant changes .
One of the novelties in the new uTorrent release was uTP , a new and improved implementation of the BitTorrent protocol which is designed to be network friendly .
Critics , however , have labeled the new release as unfair , which has resulted in the client being banned from several private BitTorrent trackers .
The critique was aimed at the new uTP protocol which causes uTorrent to favor its own kind when networking .
This means that when connecting to other clients , uTorrent users will give preference to other uTorrent users .
Earlier this week BitTorrent Inc. , the company behind uTorrent , open sourced the uTP protocol so other developers can make their clients uTorrent compatible .
Although not all developers are equally excited about uTP , Ktorrent has already upgraded its client to support uTP with its new 4.0 release .
“ Several KTorrent users asked for it , and it seemed like an interesting feature to add , ” KTorrent developer Joris Guisson told Torrent Freak in a comment .
To our knowledge , KTorrent is the first client outside BitTorrent Inc. to implement uTP support .
With uTP , KTorrent will be more network aware as it will throttle itself if congestion is detected in the network .
In theory , this should eliminate the need for ISPs to throttle BitTorrent traffic , while KTorrent users should see less interference with other local applications .
Aside from adding uTP support the latest KTorrent release also adds support for magnet links , a feature that was pushed by The Pirate Bay and has now been implemented by all the prominent BitTorrent clients .
The full KTorrent changelog can be found at the official website .
Este mi�rcoles la organizaci�n civil anunci� el lanzamiento de un sitio de internet donde los ciudadanos podr�n reportar irregularidades de los procesos electorales en puerta
Observadores
El presidente de Alianza C�vica , Rogelio G�mez Hermosillo , durante la presentaci�n del sitio para vigilar el trabajo de las autoridades electorales y los candidatos ..
( Foto : El Universal )
Mexico , D.F. | Mi�rcoles 05 de mayo de 2010
Rafael Robledo | El Universal
10:55
LONDON — Britain 's long - anticipated national election was set Tuesday for May 6 , kicking off an intense 30 - day battle between two major parties with sharply different plans to fix the U.K 's battered economy and giant deficit .
It 's also an unusual battle in which the favored opposition Tories , led by David Cameron , must win big to avoid losing .
Outpolling Prime Minister Gordon Brown 's ruling Labour Party by less than around 10 points could lead to a so - called hung parliament , in which no party gains a working majority .
A ...
Imagine you 're the language designer today .
What should this code produce ?
my $x = 1 ; my $y = 2 ; print $x + $y ;
What should this code produce ?
my $x = ' hello ' ; my $y = ' world ' ; print $ x + $y ;
Easy , right ?
It gets more fun :
my $x = ' 10 ' ; my $y = ' 20 ' ; print $x + $y ;
How about :
my $x = ' 99 ' ; my $y = ' bottles of root beer on the wall ' ; print $ x + $y ;
If I were cruel , I 'd suggest an example such as :
my $x = 10 ; my $y = 0.10 ; print $x + $y ;
After all , consistency is important .
Here 's something even stranger :
my $x = ( 77 , ' seventy seven ' ) [ rand 2 ] ; my $y = ( 99 , ' ninety nine ' ) [ rand 2 ] ; print $x + $y ;
If you object to non-deterministic static typing in tuples , consider :
my $x = readline ( ) ; my $y = ' is my extension ' ; print $ x + $y ;
Or :
my $x = readline ( ) ; my $y = 99 ; print $x + $y ;
Or ( because you can argue that simple variable interpolation is syntactic sugar for repeated string catenation ) :
my $x = readline ( ) ; my $y = readline ( ) ; print " #$x is $ y's jersey number " ;
Or :
my $x = readline ( ) ; my $y = readline ( ) ; print $ x + $y ;
Without manifest typing , how do you design your language for the least amount of surprise in these cases ?
More importantly , after you give all of your answers , ask yourself " Why ? " and do n't stop with " Language X does it this way , which is obviously correct , " as the designers of Language X had to ask these questions too .
( For bonus points , defend the thesis " Strings are obviously arrays of characters ! " in light of the polymorphic overload of addition in the integer / rational case . )
Long before human communication evolved into incessant tapping on computer keys , people scratched on eggshells .
Do n’t laugh — researchers say a cache of ostrich eggshells engraved with geometric designs demonstrates the existence of a symbolic communication system around 60,000 years ago among African hunter - gatherers .
The unusually large sample of 270 engraved eggshell fragments , mostly excavated over the past several years at Diepkloof Rock Shelter in South Africa , displays two standard design patterns , according to a team led by archaeologist Pierre - Jean Texier of the University of Bordeaux 1 in Talence , France .
Each pattern enjoyed its own heyday between approximately 65,000 and 55,000 years ago , the investigators report in a paper to be published this week in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Researchers already knew that the Howiesons Poort culture , which engraved the eggshells , engaged in other symbolic practices , such as engraving designs into pieces of pigment , that were considered to have been crucial advances in human behavioral evolution .
But the Diepkloof finds represent the first archaeological sample large enough to demonstrate that Stone Age people created design traditions , at least in their engravings , Texier says .
Evidence of intentionally produced holes in several Diepkloof eggshells indicates that ancient people made what amounted to canteens out of them , a practice that researchers have documented among modern hunter - gatherers in southern Africa .
The engraved patterns probably identified the eggshells as the property of certain groups or communities , Texier proposes .
“ The Diepkloof engravings were clearly made for visual display and recognized as such by a large audience comprising members of a community , and probably members of related communities , ” comments University of Bordeaux 1 archaeologist Francesco d’Errico , who was not involved in the new study .
D’Errico participated in the recent unearthing of 13 pieces of engraved pigment at South Africa ’s Blombos Cave dating to between 100,000 and 75,000 years ago .
Along with perforated sea shells and other personal ornaments previously excavated in Africa and the Middle East , these discoveries show that items holding symbolic meaning were made more than 60,000 years ago by both modern humans and Neandertals .
Even more exciting , according to archaeologist Curtis Marean of Arizona State University in Tempe , is the presence of drinking spouts in the South African eggshells .
Water containers opened a new world of travel across arid regions for ancient people , he notes .
“ The ability to carry and store water is a breakthrough technological advance , and here we have excellent evidence for it very early , ” Marean says .
“ Wow ! ”
Eggshell fragments from the oldest sediment layers at Diepkloof display a hatched - band motif .
These engravings consist of two long , parallel lines intersected by varying numbers of short lines .
Some specimens contain one hatched band , while others display remnants of two or three .
Engravers always fashioned parallel lines first and then inserted regularly spaced intersecting lines , Texier says .
Eggshells from younger soil layers at Diepkloof contain patterns consisting of deeply engraved , parallel lines that sometimes converge or intersect .
One eggshell fragment from these layers exhibits a different pattern — slightly curved horizontal lines that cross a central , vertical line .
Of the many Howiesons Poort sites in southern Africa that have yielded ostrich eggshells , only Diepkloof shows evidence of stylistic engraving traditions , Texier says .
Image : Pierre - Jean Texier , Diepkloof project .
See Also :
" They say we 're the ones who caused the earthquake .
But we know ourselves that we did n't cause the quake , because it was a natural catastrophe , " said Willer Jassaint , one of the priests , or houngans , leading the Voodoo ceremony .
Her approval , so plainly and freely given ( his father , Ronald , was a different matter ) , was essential to Mr. McQueen , a gay man and the youngest of six , but it alone did not explain the enormous self - belief , the mental speed , the bursting ideas — which were present at the start .
“ You almost became addicted to him somehow , ” Ms. Burton said later , recalling drafty mornings in Hoxton Square ( she , in a coat , sitting on a too - low stool at the secondhand cutting table , Ms. Verkade on the phone hustling money , a dog afoot ) and the pride as Mr. McQueen , chubby then , showed them five things he had made overnight .
“ It was almost like the old machine makers . ”
Image Credit ... David Bailey ( 2002 )
SUCH feeling for beauty , for greatness , for never being quite happy , undoubtedly had its roots in his relationship with his mother and with another woman , Isabella Blow , the alarming - looking stylist - aristocrat whose effect was like an umbrella opening in a phone booth — but the perfect umbrella in finest silk .
Ms. Blow , with her red carnation mouth , liked to talk dirty to Mr. McQueen , and he to her .
She also gave him friendship , books , approval .
“ Isabella could make it all O.K. in an instant , ” the milliner Philip Treacy said .
“ She ’d never say to Alexander , ‘ Nice dress . ’
She would say , ‘ Oh my God , I love it . ’ ” When she died , in 2007 , taking her own life — the tragedy of Ms. Blow was that in spite of her gift of hope in others she was convinced she had no future — people said that Mr. McQueen had let her down .
He did n’t bother to correct the record until last summer , for as Mr. Leane said , “ She was on his mind a lot . ”
Later , when he met with someone making a film about her life , he broke down sobbing .
Ms. Verkade said : “ He was somebody who talked about the future all the time .
He was in the office talking about the show , the music , booking a holiday . ”
Indeed , in the last three years , since the show that he and Mr. Treacy dedicated to Ms. Blow , Mr. McQueen seemed to reach a real point of clarity .
He and Mr. Leane traveled to India , from which came the jewel - like “ Girl Who Lived in The Tree ” collection .
( Ms. Burton remembered getting text messages from him in the middle of the night describing colors to be dyed .
“ That ’s how he worked . ” )
And he moved out of a big house he owned in East London , ending yet another relationship , and into a rental flat in Mayfair , which had the advantage of being central .
At the New Year , Mr. McQueen was skiing in Val - d ’Isère , France , with Annabelle Neilson and two other friends .
A wild thing , with a small body and dark eyes , Ms. Neilson and Mr. McQueen were in a sense well matched .
He liked familiarity amongst those he loved , he liked home , and indeed he often took vacations with his sisters and their children .
Ms. Neilson recognized that need for intimacy and encouraged it , perhaps beyond proportion .
She said , “ I was sort of married to a gay man . ”
Mr. McQueen , though — and this was so like him — chose to commemorate their bond by having two pieces of jewelry made , in the shape of an L and an A , in diamonds with a single black stone indicating a black heart .
5,600 miles Two Oceans +
One Gulf 15 States
With a leap of faith we left Kentucky on August 1 , 2009 with $ 300 in our pockets .
It is our goal to ride our five person tandem bicycle across the country to Alaska .
Dad , Mom , and daughters Cheyenne , Jasmine and Robin , then ages six , four and two .
We set out to prove that it is possible for a blue collar worker and a stay - at - home mom to live their dream .
A dream to show our girls this great country we live in .
A country filled with wonderful people .
People that live a life of love , a life of sharing , a life of giving .
We are honored to say that we have been the recipients over and over again of this warm love .
We have been offered places to stay , hot meals , a heartfelt cheer and also cash to fund our needs on the road .
You are one of many that have touched our lives .
One of many that we have had a chance to touch .
You are part of the reason why we are able to do what we are doing .
To bring joy and laughter , to bring hope , inspiration and encouragement .
Thank you for being a part of our journey .
Thank you for letting us be a part of your journey .
In this life we can only live life to the fullest .
Take action upon your dreams .
Love , live , be kind .
Let us continue the journey together .
In tangibles it will lead us to Alaska .
In spirit it can lead us anywhere .
A " dordle " is not quite a doodle , not quite a drawing .
If you 'd like to enjoy Dordles in postcard form , considering ordering some from here
Scientists are already beginning to think seriously about the new ethical problems posed by current developments in robotics .
This week , experts in South Korea said they were drawing up an ethical code to prevent humans abusing robots , and vice versa .
And , a group of leading roboticists called the European Robotics Network ( Euron ) has even started lobbying governments for legislation .
At the top of their list of concerns is safety .
Robots were once confined to specialist applications in industry and the military , where users received extensive training on their use , but they are increasingly being used by ordinary people .
Robot vacuum cleaners and lawn mowers are already in many homes , and robotic toys are increasingly popular with children .
As these robots become more intelligent , it will become harder to decide who is responsible if they injure someone .
Is the designer to blame , or the user , or the robot itself ?
Decisions
Software robots - basically , just complicated computer programmes - already make important financial decisions .
Whose fault is it if they make a bad investment ?
Robots have become a lot more intelligent over the decades
He argued that intelligent robots should all be programmed to obey the following three laws :
A robot may not injure a human being , or , through inaction , allow a human being to come to harm
A robot must obey the orders given it by human beings except where such orders would conflict with the First Law
A robot must protect its own existence as long as such protection does not conflict with the First or Second Law
For a start , the robot would need to be able to tell humans apart from similar - looking things such as chimpanzees , statues and humanoid robots .
This may be easy for us humans , but it is a very hard problem for robots , as anyone working in machine vision will tell you .
Robot ' rights '
Similar problems arise with rule two , as the robot would have to be capable of telling an order apart from a casual request , which would involve more research in the field of natural language processing .
Nasa 's Robotnaut is designed to work on Mars
If robots can feel pain , should they be granted certain rights ?
If robots develop emotions , as some experts think they will , should they be allowed to marry humans ?
Should they be allowed to own property ?
These questions might sound far - fetched , but debates over animal rights would have seemed equally far - fetched to many people just a few decades ago .
Now , however , such questions are part of mainstream public debate .
And the technology is progressing so fast that it is probably wise to start addressing the issues now .
One area of robotics that raises some difficult ethical questions , and which is already developing rapidly , is the field of emotional robotics .
More pressing moral questions are already being raised by the increasing use of robots in the military
David Hanson , an American scientist who once worked for Disney , has developed a novel form of artificial skin that bunches and wrinkles just like human skin , and the robot heads he covers in this can smile , frown , and grimace in very human - like ways .
These robots are specifically designed to encourage human beings to form emotional attachments to them .
From a commercial point of view , this is a perfectly legitimate way of increasing sales .
But the ethics of robot - human interaction are more murky .
David Hanson's K bot can mimic human expressions
Jaron Lanier , an internet pioneer , has warned of the dangers such technology poses to our sense of our own humanity .
If we see machines as increasingly human - like , will we come to see ourselves as more machine - like ?
Lanier talks of the dangers of " widening the moral circle " too much .
If we grant rights to more and more entities besides ourselves , will we dilute our sense of our own specialness ?
This kind of speculation may miss the point , however .
More pressing moral questions are already being raised by the increasing use of robots in the military .
The US military plans to have a fifth of its combat units fully automated by the year 2020 .
Asimov 's laws do n't apply to machines which are designed to harm people .
When an army can strike at an enemy with no risk to lives on its own side , it may be less scrupulous in using force .
If we are to provide intelligent answers to the moral and legal questions raised by the developments in robotics , lawyers and ethicists will have to work closely alongside the engineers and scientists developing the technology .
And that , of course , will be a challenge in itself .
Dylan Evans is an independent scientist and writer
This is a very intersting subject , it is true that if we progress to a stage where we can't tell the differance ( if any ) between a Human and a Humanoid then we will reach a point where human life will be seen as cheap and we will lose any sense of self - importance .
We will eventually reach a stage where humanoids are seen as more important than to general industry than humans , that 's when the real problem occurs .
Alex Campanella , Guernsey , Channel Islands
Instead of worrying ourselves about the hypothetical rights of future groups of machines that may or may not be taken advantage of and oppressed , it might behove those of us that are interested in equality and fairness to begin with groups that exist today that have suffered from hundreds of years of oppression ; namely women , Gays and Lesbians , people of color , workers , Jews and Muslims etc .
Possibly once these groups have attained a modicum of equality and respect , then we might decide to tackle these same issues with non-humans such as animals and robots .
But let us please keep our priorities straight .
Blake Wilkinson , Madrid , Spain
I agree with forming a well written limit in adding capabilities to a human like robots .
This may , ultimately end up in harming the human beings .
Being an Artificial Intelligent based system , robots will be able to create new rules infering from the existing rules .
No human being can predict the rule which an AI based robot will create after a certain period of time .
So it is always better to take prevention if curing is more painful or impossible .
sanoop , Bangalore , india
Although its probably a premature discussion today , widening the circle of what it is to be human will demote the " specialness " of being human as Lanier mentions , but maybe that is no bad thing .
This demotion has has been going on for several hundred years as humans have gradually realised that they are nothing more than intelligent animals made of the same atoms as everything else .
Living in a world , were we once thought was the center of the universe but as we now know , reside on a planet around an average sun in an average galaxy , one of billions .
I think humanity will be better species when we realize that we are not as special as we once thought .
Peter Langboard , Bristol
Asimov did not so much propose the robotic laws , he put them in a story taking place in a future setting .
He put them in as a plausible system in a plausible setting .
He often laughed at thought that some considered him " the father of robotics " for a few lines in a science fiction story .
He clearly told others that he was an author , not a scientist .
He gladly yielded the world of science to those trained in it disciplines .
Yes , his " laws " set a high standard .
Reading his works also shows he could see some of the pitfalls and loopholes such rules would form .
We should be careful about ascribing " humanness " to any form of machinery .
Though they may become increasingly sentient through artificial intelligence -- that does not make them human .
It is kind of like remembering the line between reality and what you see on television or in the cinema .
Craig , Dallas , US
How close are we to the stage in " robotology " where the robot can perform tasks they have not been programmed to perform or tasks they have not been ordered to perform ?
If we are not there , what , then , is the difference between a robot and a man in a robot suit ?
Johanne , Guildford , Surrey
Ridiculous !
While the greater part of humanity is still grappling with stone age mythological beliefs in gods , heaven , hell etc .
we now have a clique whom believe that we have matured to the level where robots are to be given human rights ?
How pathetic .
We still need to look at the rights of real living things such as other humans and OTHER animals on our planet .
Albert Schultz , Stockholm , Sweden
Surely we should actually be looking closer at the moral issues of developing robots to this extent at all .
The whole artical is about ethics and yet you refer to the US military having plans of using robot forces to go to war .
Surely a robotic force blowing up and killing people raises a more ethical arguement than how we treat what is effectively a clever piece of software and some nuts and bolts .
Should we start debating rights for cars , microwaves and stereos ?
Nice side track to real issues of the immorality of some of the other money making issues going on in the world .
Barry Aldridge , Leicester , UK
This item is totally out of place in the current context of our time , we need to get the rules right for all creatures in our bubble called Earth - not just the interaction between robots and people :
Shame all creatures do n't have an ethical code to protect their rights - like - I am a gorilla and I live in the jungle , humans must not harm the habitat of other creatures and must ensure their actions do not directly or indirectly lead to the abuse or decline of another species or habitat .
This of course will apply both ways and allow the judgement of cases when gorillas decide to invade the cities and run amok , start killing humans and destroying their habitat .
Chris Barron , Amsterdam Netherlands
There are n't too many details about it , but apparently there 'll be an all - hands meeting for Facebook folks at 4 PM PST tomorrow .
The topic : Privacy .
[ All Facebook ]
Redmond , WA - Microsoft announced that Office 2010 will be the last version the company produces , and that focus will shift to improving the online version of the productivity suite .
“ We ran out of ways to improve the software years ago , ” said Chris Capossela , senior vice president of the Microsoft Business Division at Microsoft .
“ Since Office XP it 's just been rearranging things .
Users are n’t going to be fooled any more by the cosmetic changes we make .
Microsoft has always been about doing what ’s right for the user , so it ’s time to end this charade . ”
The shift from packaged software products has been gradual for Microsoft , and the announcement to end development of Office came sooner than many had expected .
The change will have a major impact on the company ’s profit in the future , but the company hopes to replace those revenues with commemorative T - shirt sales in the near term .
“ We ’re going to be touring the country on a farewell tour for Office 2010 , ” said Capossela .
“ It 's everyone 's favorite piece of software , so we 're expecting big turnouts .
We ’ll be selling T - shirts and other merchandise at these events and that income will be put into developing the online web apps . ”
Many users were happy with the announcement .
Cathy
Thiry of Columbia , Maryland said , “ I was tired of upgrading all the time for only minimal , if any , improvements .
It ’s about time Microsoft admitted what everyone already knew . ”
Capossella said that improvements to the online version of Office products would follow a similar arc that current boxed products did .
“ We ’ll be able to milk users for many years until online Office matches the current version .
By the time they realize we ’re following the same path we ’ll have all their money , and hopefully another product that makes us money , ” said Capossela .
“ This is off the record right ? ” Microsoft ’s stock was down on the news .
Related News Office Jesus Turns Water Into Coffee Top 11 Rejected Microsoft Office Assistants Microsoft Granted Patent for Creating Insecure Software
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Scientists have found the possible source of a huge carbon dioxide ' burp ' that happened some 18,000 years ago and which helped to end the last ice age .
The results provide the first concrete evidence that carbon dioxide ( CO 2 ) was more efficiently locked away in the deep ocean during the last ice age , turning the deep sea into a more ' stagnant ' carbon repository - something scientists have long suspected but lacked data to support .
Working on a marine sediment core recovered from the Southern Ocean floor between Antarctica and South Africa , the international team led by Dr Luke Skinner of the University of Cambridge radiocarbon dated shells left behind by tiny marine creatures called foraminifera ( forams for short ) .
By measuring how much carbon - 14 ( 14C ) was in the bottom - dwelling forams ' shells , and comparing this with the amount of 14C in the atmosphere at the time , they were able to work out how long the CO 2 had been locked in the ocean .
By linking their marine core to the Antarctic ice - cores using the temperature signal recorded in both archives , the team were also able compare their results directly with the ice - core record of past atmospheric CO 2 variability .
According to Dr Skinner : " Our results show that during the last ice age , around 20,000 years ago , carbon dioxide dissolved in the deep water circulating around Antarctica was locked away for much longer than today .
If enough of the deep ocean behaved in the same way , this could help to explain how ocean mixing processes lock up more carbon dioxide during glacial periods . "
Throughout the past two million years ( the Quaternary ) , the Earth has alternated between ice ages and warmer interglacials .
These changes are mainly driven by alterations in the Earth 's orbit around the sun ( the Milankovic theory ) .
But changes in Earth 's orbit could only have acted as the ' pace - maker of the ice ages ' with help from large , positive feedbacks that turned this solar ' nudge ' into a significant global energy imbalance .
Changes in atmospheric CO 2 were one of the most important of these positive feedbacks , but what drove these changes in CO 2 has remained uncertain .
Because the ocean is a large , dynamic reservoir of carbon , it has long been suspected that changes in ocean circulation must have played a major role in motivating these large changes in CO 2 .
In addition , the Southern Ocean around Antarctica is expected to have been an important centre of action , because this is where deep water can be lifted up to the sea surface and ' exhale ' its CO 2 to the atmosphere .
Scientists think more CO 2 was locked up in the deep ocean during ice ages , and that pulses or ' burps ' of CO 2 from the deep Southern Ocean helped trigger a global thaw every 100,000 years or so .
The size of these pulses was roughly equivalent to the change in CO 2 experienced since the start of the industrial revolution .
If this theory is correct , we would expect to see large transfers of carbon from the ocean to the atmosphere at the end of each ice age .
This should be most obvious in the relative concentrations of radiocarbon ( 14C ) in the ocean and atmosphere ; 14C decays over time and so the longer carbon is locked up in the deep sea , the less 14C it contains .
As well as providing evidence for rapid release of carbon dioxide during deglaciation , the research illustrates how the ocean circulation can change significantly over a relatively short space of time .
" Our findings underline the fact that the ocean is a large and dynamic carbon pool .
This has implications for proposals to pump carbon dioxide into the deep sea as a way of tackling climate change , for example .
Such carbon dioxide would eventually come back up to the surface , and the question of how long it would take would depend on the state of the ocean circulation , as illustrated by the last deglaciation , " says Dr Skinner .
The results are published today in Science .
Explore further Climate change will affect carbon sequestration in oceans , model shows
More information : Skinner , L.C. , Fallon , S. Waelbroeck , C. , Michel , E. and Barker S. , ' Ventilation of the deep Southern Ocean and deglacial CO2 rise ' is published in Science on 27 May 2010 .
Business Lawyers Serving Clients Throughout New England
Rudolph Friedmann LLP is a full - service Boston law firm ready to assist businesses , organizations , individuals and families with any legal issue they encounter .
We offer decades of experience and a commitment to personal service in every matter we handle .
Through hard work we have built a reputation for excellence that is known throughout Massachusetts and New England .
We are dedicated to maintaining that reputation by standing beside you and striving to get you the results you need at a rate you can afford .
Illinois lawmakers were in disarray Thursday as they groped for stopgap measures to address a $ 13 billion deficit equaling nearly half of the state 's general - fund revenue .
The state faces one of the nation 's worst budget crises , spilled over in part from the broader national economic crunch , and its current bond ratings lag only California's .
But the confusion in the legislature indicates that serious steps to fix state finances wo n't be taken until after the November elections — if then .
...
KARACHI , Pakistan —
Security officials moved swiftly here to round up as many as eight associates of Faisal Shahzad , the American citizen of Pakistani origin who faces terrorism charges after admitting his role in a failed car - bomb attack Saturday night in Times Square .
In a series of raids that stretched into the pre-dawn hours of Wednesday in this southern port city , friends and several family relatives were picked up for questioning , Pakistani authorities told the national media here .
A relative of the suspect , Kifayat Ali , said in an interview with GlobalPost at a family home in Peshawar that : “ None of the family members have ever been involved with any Jihadi organization . ”
“ This is a conspiracy against all Pashtun people , ” he said , adding : “ It will be confirmed just in a few hours whether he was involved in this case or not . ”
One of those detained in the raids here overnight was believed to be Tauseef Ahmed , a purported cousin of Shahzad , sources said , adding that he was arrested from a predominantly residential neighborhood of Karachi called Gulshan - e - Iqbal .
Shahzad , whose father was a ranking member of the Pakistani military , seems to have had connections in Islamabad also .
Pakistani authorities said that he had given an Islamabad address on his disembarkation card .
He traveled on a 10 - year , multiple entry visa , the sources added .
It was not clear Tuesday night whether any arrests had been made here in connection with the case in New York , where Shahzad was captured Tuesday on board a Dubai - bound plane set to depart from Kennedy International Airport .
But it was clear that Pakistan , which has been routinely criticized by U.S. counter - terrorism officials for dragging its feet in confronting Taliban and Al Qaeda elements inside the country , seemed to be going out of its way to publicly demonstrate cooperation with U.S. officials in the investigation .
Pakistani foreign minister Shah Mahmood Qureshi met almost immediately with U.S. Ambassador Anne W. Patterson , and assured her of full cooperation .
It was announced that one of Pakistan 's top cops , and Director of the Federal Investigation Agency , Khalid Qureshi , was heading up a high - level team to investigate the matter .
U.S. officials have said that the 30 - year - old Shahzad had recently returned to his home in Connecticut after a five - month stay in Pakistan .
The trip to Pakistan , where it is believed his wife and two children are living , included a visit to the Northwest Frontier Province where Taliban and Al Qaeda bases are woven into the rugged , impenetrable terrain along the border with Afghanistan .
Specifically , Pakistani officials said , Shahzad had visited the tribal areas , where the Pakistani Taliban is deeply entrenched .
Pakistani authorities said the family owned a home in Peshawar , the lawless city that sits at the foot of the Khyber Pass leading into Afghanistan and where the fiery sermons of Taliban - inspired clerics echo from the minarets of local mosques .
" There 's a very good possibility that he got his training at a militant camp in the badlands near Nizampur , " said one source , referring to a small village set high in the iron mining areas of the North - West Frontier Province .
Shahzad told investigators he acted alone and denied any ties to radical groups in Pakistan , a U.S. law enforcement official familiar with the investigation told Reuters .
Shahzad ’s journey from Pakistan to a seemingly routine life working in the financial services near his home in a working class part of Bridgeport , Connecticut , to return to his native Pakistan is common , of course , for many immigrants .
But it seems to be a recent phenomenon that well - adjusted immigrants from predominantly Muslim countries are being drawn to militancy against the United States , raising some fears about the specter of violent extremism from within the U.S .
In the past two years , more than 10 people with American citizenship or residency , like Shahzad , have been accused of supporting or carrying out terrorism attempts on U.S. soil .
They include Army Maj. Nidal Hasan , a U.S. - born
Army psychiatrist of Palestinian descent , charged with fatally shooting 13 people last year at Fort Hood , Texas .
Also , Najibullah Zazi , a Denver - area airport shuttle driver who pleaded guilty in February in a plot to bomb New York subways .
And a Pennsylvania woman who authorities say became radicalized online as " Jihad Jane " and plotted to kill a Swedish artist whose work offended Muslims .
Salman Ahmed reports from Karachi for GlobalPost .
This website uses cookies
Flinders University uses cookies to ensure website functionality , personalisation , and for a variety of purposes described in the website privacy statement .
For details about these cookies and how to set your cookie preferences , refer to our website privacy statement .
You consent to the use of our cookies if you proceed .
After the recent last article I actually have something more I say about Red Faction : Guerrilla before letting the game go .
I have actually spent a lot of time with the game .
Most of it playing multi-player .
For once because I wanted to once get in such an on - line gaming community .
So far I ’ve been playing multi-player only very briefly .
So I was never quite able to fully understand the cultural idiosyncrasies of communities like the one around Halo multi-player .
I wanted to find out what the fuzz is about .
The other reason was that I ’m a shameless achievement whore .
I have spent a significant portion of my lifetime grinding this game and all I got was this silly ostrich …
It was interesting .
I gained a few insights which I would like to share with you .
Generally I think there is a lot wrong with how the multi-player in that game works .
The basic blocks are in place , they are just not fully thought - trough .
They expose fundamental problems with how game designers approach multi-player today .
Interface
I ’m slowly realizing that many game developers do n’t really seem to know a lot about interface design .
I think most of them do everything by guts .
One proof of that theory would be the small revelation a most basic book like “ The Design of Everyday Things ” caused at last year ’s 2009 GDC .
I was stunned back then .
The book is excellent but should n’t everyone know it by now ?
Game developers still can make good games in spite of poor understanding of interface design .
The reason for this is because in games , the inadequacies of interaction can become the challenges of the game .
So for example , if something is n’t communicated clearly , you may regard is as a “ secret ” you need to find out , rather than just flawed information design .
In practical interface design , you do n’t have that kind of leeway .
But even in game design , the gaps of knowledge start to show when it comes to the practical interfaces in a game .
Multi-player is a typical example .
Multi-player often comes with a hefty portion of various commands and functions required just for pure maintenance and management .
Red Faction is no exception .
Throughout the game the interface has the typical crop of small , annoying mistakes but nothing as serious as Mass Effect .
On the other hand , there is not much interface there anyway .
Just a map and a couple of screens .
But in Multi - player you suddenly need to track stats , customize and monitor your character profile , set up game lobbies in different modes with buddies and strangers together .
It was inevitable that the experience would be hampered by sloppy interface design .
Here is one thing I ’ve seen in other games too and that bugs me every time : the game developers NEVER give players anything to do in multi-player lobbies .
The only game that broke that combo was Modern Warfare – you could check out your stats and customize your character while you wait .
Ironically , Modern Warfare is so popular that you never actually have to wait for a long time in a lobby anyway .
Red Faction was heavily inspired by Modern Warfare , but apparently they missed that part .
So you can customize your profile and you can check out pages of fascinating stats about how hard you have been pwned .
You just ca n’t do that when you wait in a lobby .
Because in the lobby you need time to concentrate on being bored to death .
And the game is much less popular than Modern Warfare so you will spend a great deal of time in the lobby .
In Red Faction , checking out stats and waiting in the lobby are two separate activities .
They need to be kept separate .
Like the Romeo and Juliet of interface design .
But there is more .
Like in Modern Warfare , the multi-player is spiced up by adding in - game achievements .
However , the their poor implementation really does n’t do the game any favor .
First of all , they are “ hidden ” which means you do n’t have a clue what to do in order to get then until you fulfilled 50 % of the requirements .
I ’m generally confused about the idea of hidden achievements .
This is not the 90ies when we used to get excited about hidden warp zones in Nintendo Power .
If one can figure it out eventually , it ’s probably a Google away .
So for a game designer , hiding something like an achievement only takes away your only chance to properly explain and introduce a cool feature to the players .
But then even the players finally figure out what they are working towards , the progress is never shown very well .
They have to get in the stats to find that one table with the hidden challenges .
And then they do n’t even get a percentage bar but only the raw numbers .
It ’s a sloppy solution that is the easiest to program but that ignores the player ’s needs .
Hidden Challenges : Grind in order to find out that you need to grind even more .
I guess “ spoiler ” or something .
But here is what bugs me : the developers actually took the time to create custom icons for each of the challenges .
If you get one of the achievements , the icon is actually displayed on the main page of your profile .
But it ’s still completely cryptic !
It does n’t tell the name of the challenge , what the requirements were , etc .
It does n’t show progress with the challenges you still need to do either .
They were so close !
They just needed the players to be able to highlight the icons and display a tool - tip box with some additional information .
But no , you need to exit that screen , go to another screen and then flip through pages filled with numbers .
And even then – the challenges in the the stats page are displayed as text - only , not as icons like on the profile page .
So there is no way of telling what icon represents what challenge .
It ’s just a half - hearted mess , which is the worst kind of mess .
Hidden Challenges in the main profile page .
I ’ve spent some serious time in the game and I can’t tell what they mean .
But I got them all .
Yay ( kill me ) .
And finally it ’s the little things .
When playing Modern Warfare I can tell acoustically if I hit somebody .
I can also tell visually if I was able to kill somebody .
A huge , ugly , yellow number flashes in the middle of the screen telling me how many points I ’ve scored .
It ’s crude and ugly , but it ’s incredibly effective .
In Red Faction hits do n’t give any feedback so you never know if you ’re doing it rong .
Actual kills are listed among other kills in the corners of the screen in tiny font .
This has repercussions even down to actual gameplay .
I sometimes was killed by enemies I mistakenly assumed dead .
I just could n’t tell .
In - game feedback done well – big ugly numbers telling you how awesome you are when you happen to be awesome .
Unfortunately , this is n’t Red Faction , this is Modern Warfare .
The bottom line is that multi-player introduces elements of interface to the game that are not an means to themselves but tools to do other things .
They have to be accustomed to the user ’s needs and goals but rarely are .
Because that requires game designers to put on a very different hat on then what they are used to .
Multi-player achievements
Interface nitpicks may seem like not that big of a deal .
However , inconspicuous symptoms can have serious causes .
In this case it ’s the fact that the entire multi-player part is not really thought of as a complete experience .
It ’s very different than the single - player part .
In the single - player a team of designers considered how players get into the game , and how they progress .
They also designed an end - game – thought about how they can leave the games with a sense of closure .
The entire experience is carefully constructed , especially when it comes to difficulty and time .
Multi-player is different .
It ’s a bunch of “ cool ” ideas with an infinite loop wrapped around it .
There is no entry - point , no exit point , no dramaturgy .
Just a uniform , endless world of repetitive combat .
The problem is that in case of Red Faction , the game ’s developers not only stood by as “ innocent bystanders ” but actually encouraged that idea .
Which brings me to the subject of multi-player achievements .
I ’ve mentioned them briefly in a yet unreleased episode of our podcast .
I believe they should be banned or at least categorized differently so they do n’t get mixed up with other achievements .
The disparity between the designed experience of single - player and hands - off approach in the design of multi-player is evident in them .
Adding achievements to multi-player suddenly poses questions to game designers that can only be answered if the game is regarded as an experience .
When does the experience begin ?
What part of the experience do we want to highlight ?
What are important milestones ?
When is the experience over ?
That ’s OK for single - player because game designers can answer these questions for this part of the game .
Single - player achievements are difficult but there almost always is an idea behind them .
But when it comes to multi-player , things get batshit crazy .
Because game designers did n’t think of multi-player as an experience , they have no clue what to do with them .
I presume it goes like this : “ When is the multi-player over ?
I do n’t know it never really is , I guess .
Let ’s put a very high number in to reward the most hardcore fans .
What is high ?
I do n’t know .
What do the server stats say ? ” .
So what you end up with are achievements like “ Win 250 matchmaking Games ” .
With each game taking 10 minutes , it takes 40 hours to get this presuming there is no waiting time in lobbies and you win every game .
A more realistic estimate would be well over 100 hours .
This is about 5 times the length of the single - player campaign .
In order for this experience to be at the same level of quality as the rest of the game , it would require 5 times more work than was invested into the single - player .
But judging from the glaring interface design omissions , I did n’t receive even a fifth of it .
That ’s why I find multi-player achievements a bad idea .
The current state of design quality in multi-player just does n’t rationalize them .
They are often used to define an arbitrary threshold that puts players through dull , poorly thought - out experiences .
The few players they “ reward ” probably enjoy the game regardless of any achievements .
Of course I acknowledge that multi-player is a dynamic system with lots of participants .
It ’s difficult to design that .
I also understand that this dynamic is what introduces variation into multi-player .
So it is n’t quite as repetitive as it may sound .
But this is neither and excuse nor is it a substitute for actual design .
Multi-player is difficult to design properly but not impossible .
It just requires a lot if work .
There are precious few examples of companies that were able to pull it off .
Again , Modern Warfare comes to mind .
And you know what their solution to multi-player achievements is ?
They have none .
Community
Which brings us to the community .
As you know , games contain rules that shape the player ’s actions .
In the case of multi-player they inevitably also shape the overall culture around the game – the community .
This is an enormous responsibility .
And if you have been following this article you might guess where this is going .
A community built around a game where you are supposed to kill each other over and over again creates a rather depressing climate at first sight , especially if the entire experience is not designed properly .
So no wonder you will see players develop such habits as teabagging , bad language , griefing and whatnot .
Even in team - based modes , players will rarely cooperate with each other .
This kind of climate is not very pleasant .
So what experienced players do in order to improve the game is that they will often team up in X - Box Live parties .
These parties will roam the Red Guerilla multi-player lobbies , pwning everything in sight .
It ’s a very nice experience when you manage to get in one of those parties .
You will meet lots of new people .
People dynamically enter and leave the party .
Everybody is generally very nice to each other .
They will give each other advices and have lots of fun .
Also , you are almost guaranteed to win .
The party members cooperate more with each other and the players have all above - average skill .
Because winning is much less of a problem , the game becomes more relaxed and you will get a lot opportunities to goof around and experiment .
However , the parties are only fun if you are part of them .
As a random player , playing against one of such parties is a devastating and depressing experience .
You will quickly learn to avoid them which makes finding a fair match - up even more problematic .
Not even a party but two experienced player ( Black / Red ) are about to join forces in order to pwn some n00bs .
Good for them .
Not so hot for the n00bs .
But the most freaky and advanced level of cooperation is called achievement boosting .
Because both , the in - game and the X - Box Live achievements of Red Faction have a very high of a threshold , players team up and cooperate to get them .
I got into this community via trueachievements.com .
People meet up on - line , get into private games , cooperate to get kills with specific guns and in very specific ways to get the elusive achievements .
The game suddenly becomes very different .
It is no longer about pwning .
It becomes very much about the logistics of most efficiently satisfying the goals of all participants .
Communication becomes a very central part of the game .
Basically , by cheating the system , the players turned a highly competitive , aggressive game into a highly cooperative and communicative one .
Two evils cancel each other out .
Which is basically the common theme of all these observations .
By default the Red Faction multi-player is a very bleak and depressing environment .
It is a world of playing the same levels over and over again to kill most mostly to get killed .
But players developed strategies to cope with it .
Using external tools ( X - Box Live Parties , trueachievements.com ) they re-defined how the multi-player works .
They put their own rules on top of the existing ones .
So what does it say about the design of the multi-player part of Red Faction ?
If players modify the experience , does it mean that the underlying system is faulty ?
On the other hand , does fact that players care at all could suggest that the game has some merits after all ?
As always , I think it is a combination of both .
Which is why I find the game so interesting and why I think we can learn so much from games like this .
In this case it seems like what players are looking for is more focus on cooperation than competition .
Players also seek out more tightly designed experiences with clearer and more varied goals .
If the game ’s system fail to provide these , players will seek out to circumvent them .
Game designers should realize that simply repeating what has been done before is not enough .
Multi-player need to be designed as a complete experience .
One that that takes into consideration the player ’s needs and expectations .
It has been a couple of fascinating weeks with Red Faction .
I ’m looking forward to trying more multi-player games .
More on that in the following reviews .
Until then , I ’m curious to hear on what other multi-player games you ’ve played and if you had similar or contrary observations .
As always , I encourage you to share with us your thoughts .
Warning : count ( ) : Parameter must be an array or an object that implements Countable in / nfs / c06/h07/mnt/89472/domains/ipadwatcher.com/html/wp-includes/class-wp-comment-query.php on line 405
Warning : count ( ) : Parameter must be an array or an object that implements Countable in / nfs / c06/h07/mnt/89472/domains/ipadwatcher.com/html/wp-includes/class-wp-comment-query.php on line 405
0 comments on May 7th , 2010 | : count ( ) : Parameter must be an array or an object that implements Countable inon line
Apple has announced that it plans to release the iPad in Australia , Canada , France , Germany , Italy , Japan , Spain , Switzerland and the UK on May 28th and that it will start taking pre-orders in these countries on May 10th .
No countries are scheduled to get the iPad in June but in the same announcement Apple also introduced another list of countries which should see an iPad release in July : Austria , Belgium , Hong Kong , Ireland , Luxembourg , Mexico , Netherlands , New Zealand and Singapore .
Interestingly both international launches involve nine countries .
Does Apple send teams to these countries to coordinate the launch or perhaps just has the teams working from the US , but each coordinating one or a set of countries ?
If your country is n’t in the new list you might now be looking at September for your next shot at having the chance to walk into a store and buy an iPad , if the two month interval is maintained between the releases .
Share this : Email
Print
Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
More
Google
Reddit
Related Posts :
We greatly appreciate the attention to detail and professional attitude that your team brings to the business .
Thanks again , ”
Photography Credit : Elise Bauer
Winter in California is the season for peppery arugula .
Several years ago my parents planted some arugula in their garden and for years the arugula would re-seed itself , taking over the entire garden with a flourish , starting in December .
While mature arugula can be almost too intense to eat raw ( best for left for cooking ) , young baby arugula is perfect for salads , and can easily be found in markets these days .
In this recipe the goat cheese mellows the pepperiness of the arugula , while the beets offer a sweet contrast to the arugula ’s bitter notes .
Chopped toasted walnuts add a meaty crunch to the salad .
The US Department of Justice and Federal Trade Commission are exploring an antitrust inquiry into Apple 's ban on iPhone code translation , according to a report citing a " person familiar with the matter . "
The New York Post reports that the DoJ and FTC are " locked in negotiations " over which will investigate a recent change to the iPhone SDK that bars developers from coding applications in ways Apple CEO Steve Jobs does n't approve of .
The Post 's unnamed source says the two government watchdogs are " days away " from a decision , claiming that the investigation will explore whether the ban harms competition by forcing coders to choose between applications that run only on Apple devices , and cross - platform apps suited to rival hardware as well .
Early last month , when Apple released its SDK for the upcoming iPhone OS 4.0 , it added new language that says applications must be " originally written " in the languages officially supported by the OS .
" Applications must be originally written in Objective -C , C , C++ , or JavaScript as executed by the iPhone OS WebKit engine , and only code written in C , C++ , and Objective - C may compile and directly link against the Documented APIs , " reads the new SDK , which covers development on the iPhone , iPod touch , and iPad . " e.g. , Applications that link to Documented APIs through an intermediary translation or compatibility layer or tool are prohibited . "
Last week , in a 1,700 - word attack on Adobe Flash , Steve Jobs indicated that this code translation ban is an effort to prevent the development of " sub- standard " applications .
" We know from painful experience that letting a third party layer of software come between the platform and the developer ultimately results in sub-standard apps and hinders the enhancement and progress of the platform , " he wrote .
" This becomes even worse if the third party is supplying a cross platform development tool .
The third party may not adopt enhancements from one platform unless they are available on all of their supported platforms .
" Hence developers only have access to the lowest common denominator set of features .
Again , we cannot accept an outcome where developers are blocked from using our innovations and enhancements because they are not available on our competitor ’s platforms . "
Obviously , Apple is barring the use of Adobe 's new iPhone packager , which translates Flash script into iPhone machine code .
But it 's unclear whether the company is also banning cross-platforms tools along the lines of Appcelerator 's Titanium , PhoneGap , and Unity 3D .
These kits also let you develop in languages other than Objective C , C , and C++ , but they dovetail with Apple 's XCode IDE and they translate into Objective C before compiling .
Considering that Jobs ' open letter on Flash did not mention other cross- platform kits - and that he went out of his way to attack Flash in particular - the assumption is that the likes of Titanium will not be banned .
But we wo n't know for sure until developers start submitting iPhone 4.0 applications for inclusion in Apple 's App Store .
i Phone OS 4.0 is set to reach the Jesus Phone this summer , and it will follow on the iPad in the fall .
After Apple 's SDK change , a report indicated that Adobe was preparing to sue the company on unspecified grounds .
But in the weeks since , Adobe has signaled its intention to move on .
It has ceased development of its iPhone packager , and it has joined Google in announcing that it 's working to put Flash 10.1 on Android phones .
It 's worth noting that although the iPhone is hugely influential , the device 's market share is relatively small .
According to comScore , the RIM BlackBerry controls 42 per cent of the smartphone market , and the iPhone is at 25 per cent .
Google 's Android is at 9 per cent - and on the rise . ®
The only UFO I ever saw was when I was standing under the stars with Maddy about 10 years ago .
Maddy was mad for UFOs .
To her , it just made sense that out in the depths of space would be intelligent life .
No less a luminary than Carl Sagan – and before him Frank Drake and lately Stephen Hawking – have employed the same reasoning .
If you do the math ( Dr. Sagan was famous for marveling at the “ bill - yuns and bill - yuns ” of galaxies ) , it is difficult to believe that there are n’t other forms of intelligence in the universe .
In 1961 , Dr. Drake , the father of the Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence project , came up with an equation to show how probable intelligent life is .
Maddy was no cosmologist .
She was an amateur UFO watcher like thousands of others around the globe .
She loved sitting in a chair overlooking the North Atlantic and peering into the glorious night sky .
What do I think of UFOs ?
I am a skeptic .
Journalists are professional doubters .
Unveiling a government budget ?
You forgot to carry the 1 .
Want to win hearts and minds in a far - away country ?
You might want to get the language right .
Skeptics can be excessively negative , all arched eyebrows and begging to differ .
But sometimes skeptics stop everyone from going off the deep end .
When someone says Big Foot or space visitors , I think misperception or hoax .
But the skeptic in me has to note that strange new species are discovered every year .
It was only in 2006 that Japanese scientists got the first images of a giant squid ( Architeuthis ) in the wild .
As for crop circles , I ’m sure most are done by midnight pranksters , though I once interviewed William Levengood , a retired professor of physics at the University of Michigan .
He had carefully studied samples of grain and soil from crop circles and thought something else – perhaps an ionospheric anomaly – was going on .
We ’ve had only a century of experience with weather balloons and rocketry .
Do we know everything there is to know about the ionosphere ?
As for ESP : People who claim they are clairvoyants or can bend spoons with their thought are charlatans in my opinion .
But all of us have experienced coincidences too odd to explain .
A person you were thinking about phones in the next second .
A lost object reappears .
Psychologists and physiologists think these are just mental hiccups .
Perhaps .
But are we certain we are always getting clean data through our senses when we observe something ?
Werner Heisenberg was uncertain .
Most of what people call the paranormal is probably hogwash .
But the word “ probably ” is where the skeptic earns his or her merit badge .
The scientific process is the best and most rational way humans have of trying to understand the natural world they inhabit .
It requires careful analysis and study .
But it also requires continued doubt .
And that ’s where we have a problem in rational discourse today .
Writing in a recent issue of the Chronicle of Higher Education , Carlin Romano made a distinction between today ’s “ science warriors ” and the real “ philosophers of science . ”
The former take an absolutist approach to science , skewering everything from the Loch Ness monster to conventional religious beliefs as ignorance .
Philosophers of science , however , understand science to be a set of beliefs and knowledge that at times can be turned on its head , a recurring process that Thomas Kuhn described in his book “ The Structure of Scientific Revolutions . ”
That night when I stood under the stars with Maddy , my dear departed friend and mother - in - law , I saw a light moving way up in the sky .
It was n’t on the smooth trajectory of a satellite .
It was an object .
It was flying .
I could not identify it .
That ’s as far as I can go .
Technically , Maddy was right .
It was a UFO .
There was probably a good explanation .
Probably .
John Yemma is the editor of The Christian Science Monitor .
In recent decades , many economists have advised governments to stabilize , privatize , and liberalize markets .
Economists do know how markets work , and they can often predict how mature market economies will respond to certain events and policies .
But developing economies lack both mature markets and the institutions that support them — including institutions that define property rights , enforce contracts , convey prices , and bridge gaps between buyers and sellers .
These are precisely the institutions that political leaders must establish and then modify as economic growth introduces new problems and opportunities .
The work of the Commission on Growth and Development tended to confirm that political leaders play pivotal roles in the success — and the failure — of economic development .
As detailed in its publication The Growth Report , the commission closely examined 13 nations whose gross domestic product ( GDP ) grew at least 7 percent a year for at least 25 years after World War II .
In other words , these economies at least doubled in size each decade .
Although these high - growth countries used different economic models and political structures and had different resources and histories , their governments followed broadly similar paths .
Often ushered in by a crisis , new leadership chose a promising economic model and then stabilized the nation long enough to let the economic model take root .
The leadership also began to create reliable and accountable institutions that kept politicians focused on citizens ’ long - term well - being .
As growth caused change and created new tensions , the leadership corrected the course of the nation by honing the economic model and tuning institutions to emerging needs while maintaining stability .
Rather than suggesting a single recipe for economic growth , our research reveals that there are different paths to development .
1
In this article , we detail how this view plays out in three high - growth countries and eras : China from 1978 to 2005 , Japan from 1950 to 1983 , and Korea from 1960 to 2000 .
As the case of China shows , democracy is not a prerequisite for continuous and impressive growth , though some degree of economic freedom is .
Meanwhile , Japan and Korea ’s export - driven , dominant - party democracy follows a trajectory more typical of booming economies in Asia .
Our model further underscores the importance of government leaders in maintaining economic growth .
Swiftly changing nations require leaders who adopt the policy or approach of careful experimentation .
By avoiding sudden shifts in policy and balancing progress with caution , these leaders limit the damage of missteps .
They “ cross the river by feeling for the stones , ” as the Chinese reformer Deng Xiaoping once recommended .
CRISES AND OPPORTUNITIES
In many of the 13 high - growth cases we studied — as well as in India and Vietnam , two countries that are well on their way to joining the ranks of high - growth nations — a crisis preceded economic expansion .
One widespread crisis was dire poverty :
The average per capita income of the 13 countries at the start of their growth was less than $ 1,000 , and frequently closer to half that .
Other crises were financial , or related to the balance of payments or external debt .
Whether financial , social , political , or all three , these crises created conditions where leaders faced fewer constraints on their choices of economic models , their political machinations , and their institutional reforms .
In the wake of crises , many leaders fail to adopt a promising economic model , which is why most nations do not become high - growth economies .
In contrast , the leaders who kick - started growth in our sample tended to converge on a similar set of practices .
They shifted their economies to exporting products that met global demand while importing global knowledge and technology .
They allowed competition .
And they encouraged high levels of public - and private - sector investment and savings .
In the case of China , for instance , the crises leading up to dramatic growth included decades of low growth , policy - induced hunger and famine , and the turbulence associated with the Cultural Revolution .
Deng , whom Mao Zedong had sent into exile during the Cultural Revolution , arrived in the midst of this deteriorating economic situation .
Following Mao’s death in 1976 , Deng returned to the upper echelons of China ’s political hierarchy .
As the country ’s paramount leader — an unofficial position that nevertheless held great power — he inherited an economy in serious trouble .
But there were important intangible assets created during the first 30 years after the Chinese Revolution of 1949 : widespread basic education , the abolition of officially sanctioned caste and class distinctions , and some important rural infrastructure , including a strong tradition of family farming , which led the peasants to de-collectivize spontaneously from below , even before Deng came into power .
Building on these strengths , Deng and his fellow reformers introduced a successful three - step development plan that included market mechanisms in the agricultural sector , importation of knowledge and technology from the global economy , liberalization of trade and investment , various forms of quasi- private ownership , and reforms in education , science , and technology .
His new , so - called Wenzhou model ( of local economies formed mainly by private businesses ) lived side by side with state - owned enterprises or , in the words of Deng , “ one country , two systems . ”
Japan likewise chose a high - growth export model , albeit under very different circumstances .
Devastated by losses of population , resources , and pride following World War II , the nation faced starvation in its cities , rampant inflation , currency devaluation , and the halt of industrial production .
Following World War II , the U.S. occupation of Japan resulted in the choice of an open - economy growth strategy that leveraged both global demand and knowledge .
Under the United States ’ influence , Japan instituted a democratic form of government , albeit one dominated by a single party , the Liberal Democratic Party ( LDP ) .
Working closely with a competent bureaucracy and business leaders , the LDP consistently made decisions that promoted growth .
These decisions included creating institutions characterized by rule of law , predictability , and incentives to keep politicians focused on citizens ’ long - term well - being .
The Korean case roughly follows the Japanese model .
In 1961 , South Korea had not recovered from the effects of the Korean War and was a poor agricultural country still under martial law , because of the North Korean threat .
That same year , President Park Chung
Hee chose to follow a variant of the Japanese model by using the government to create an open economy growth strategy .
The Koreans were less successful in creating a single dominant party that was consistently electable .
They did , however , create competitive corporations , a competent bureaucracy , and an educational system capable of teaching how export economies and their necessary institutions worked .
In these three cases , leaders not only chose the right economic models in the midst of considerable turmoil , they also managed not to choose the wrong models .
Leadership , then , appears to matter .
Yet until recently , social scientists were not able to demonstrate this seemingly obvious fact .
That is because history makes it difficult to disentangle whether a leader really caused change or he just happened to be at the helm of the ship of state when growth took off .
In a recent study , though , economists Benjamin F. Jones of Northwestern University ’s Kellogg School of Management and Benjamin A. Olken of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology took advantage of history to examine what happens to economies when leaders suddenly die , resign , or are deposed .
2
Across 57 cases of abrupt leadership change , all occurring after World War II , the researchers found that the transition of national leaders indeed affected economic growth .
The effects were strongest ( both positive and negative ) in autocratic settings such as China and Iran , where one or a few leaders had centralized authority .
In democratic settings , however , the change of leaders did not have a statistically significant effect on growth .
This may be because the lags between leadership changes and policy shifts are longer in democracies .
For example , the reforms that India began in the late 1980s are only now beginning to fuel high growth .
Future research will have to determine the validity of the widespread hunch that leaders direct growth in democracies , just as they do in autocracies .
STABILITY
In addition to choosing an economic model capable of delivering growth , leaders have to establish political conditions stable enough to give their economic choices time to bear fruit .
Political stability is most needed during the early years of a model ’s implementation .
If the plan is still not working after three to five years , the lack of economic growth and development will tend to cause strategy and policy shifts and sometimes regime change .
There are various ways to build political stability , from staging a military takeover , to crafting one - party states , to forging consensus on economic policy between leading political parties .
Many of the leaders in our study sought stability by building a dominant party — a strategy that aligns politicians ’ goals with those of the economic plan .
All economic plans give rise to short - term winners and losers .
In nations with single dominant parties , ambitious politicians appeal to the winners who support the new economic model because seats tied to power are more valuable than seats in the minority party .
Over time , as the growth economy ’s wealth increases and spreads , the majority party is able to maintain and even expand its position .
In contrast , politicians in nations with multiple parties , such as those of Latin America , do not have an incentive to support “ the plan ” because their fate is not tied to it .
As growth requires voters to make sacrifices in the short term , politicians can appeal to these short - term losers by criticizing the economic plan and then organizing these groups into a majority .
This lack of political support in many cases jeopardizes the economic plan ’s chances of success .
In China , economic reformers inherited a one - party system : the Chinese Communist Party ( CCP ) .
Against this stable political backdrop , Deng Xiaoping was able to overhaul his country ’s economy despite China ’s deep ideological distrust of market systems and capitalism .
The economic and political crises that China was experiencing gave Deng an opportunity to change course with a reduced level of resistance within the party and the population generally .
Deng ’s “ white cat , black cat theory ” ignited China ’s great reform .
According to this theory , it does not matter whether a cat is white or black as long as it is good at catching rats — a pragmatic and results - oriented approach .
Although the stability of the CCP allowed Deng to facilitate economic growth , his government adopted a pragmatic perspective within the CCP and reduced the role of ideology in economic policy .
He did this most successfully with the “ household responsibility system , ” which essentially granted private property rights through state lease of lands , though the word “ private ” was avoided until 1988 .
The “ household responsibility system ” effectively increased production in China .
Japan ’s leaders had to work harder to achieve the political stability they needed for their economic experiment .
In 1955 , the Liberal , Democratic , and Socialist parties were vying for control of parliament .
To increase their clout , the Liberal and Democratic parties — which , despite their names , were the more conservative parties — decided to combine .
The resulting LDP went on to win every election from its founding until 1993 .
To consolidate its power , the LDP manipulated Japan ’s voting districts and electoral system .
Politicians can and do design districts and electoral systems so that their parties can control the legislature with the support of less than a majority of the electorate .
The most obvious way to do this is to create districts that overrepresent dominant - party voters — a practice called malapportionment .
During the course of economic development , nations like Japan usually transition from agricultural to industrial economies .
To win the loyalty of the rural interests , politicians usually subsidize and overrepresent them at the expense of urban districts .
During the period of early growth in Japan , the degree of malapportionment was 2 to 1 rural to urban , according to Hiroyuki Hata , a professor in the Faculty of Law at Hiroshima University .
In the later period of development , the mid-1960s , the ratio was still 1.6 to 1.3
Another way to maintain single - party dominance is to structure the electoral system to the advantage of the dominant party .
In many Asian countries , politicians have achieved this by using an electoral system whereby each voter casts one vote for one candidate in a multicandidate race for multiple offices .
The candidates receiving the most votes then fill the posts .
This system — called the single nontransferable vote system — makes it difficult for nondominant parties to win elections because they do not have the information necessary to nominate the most competitive candidates for district elections .
In Japan , this system helped the LDP repeatedly secure the maximum number of seats possible , according to political scientists Gary Cox of the University of California , San Diego , and Emerson Niou of Duke University .
4
Given the importance of political stability in spurring economic development , a purely autocratic absolute monarch might seem to be the right leadership choice for growth .
The problem is that autocrats may use their power for purposes other than growth and the longterm benefit of the people , or may choose flawed strategies and then have no brakes to stop them .
Although no country currently has an absolute monarch , autocracy is associated with economic growth in a subset of autocratic systems , find Jones and Olken .
Their study was not confined to the 13 high - growth economies , but still suggests that the absence of dissent allows leaders ’ economic choices to take root more quickly .
Unbound by tradition , autocratic leaders can also choose from a wider array of economic models , such as an export strategy , an isolationist policy ( as in Burma or North Korea ) , and so on .
Some succeed .
At the same time , however , many autocracies perform catastrophically .
Having unchecked authority does not mean that autocrats will choose a high - growth economic model .
As Jones and Olken ’s study also shows , the effects of leaders are far stronger ( in both positive and negative directions ) in more autocratic settings than in more democratic ones .
OPEN INSTITUTIONS
A country whose GDP increases more than 7 percent a year for a decade undergoes dramatic transformation .
Growth in China , Japan , Korea , and other nations in our study generated new patterns of ownership , new interest groups , a sizable middle class , and a very wealthy upper class .
Farm populations moved to urban areas , often sparking violent protests and strikes .
Rising middle classes demanded broader political freedoms to reflect the freedoms that they enjoyed in the marketplace .
They also tended to want a voice in governance .
The price of labor rose , forcing governments to reconsider their chosen economic models .
And increases in wealth empowered previously invisible interest groups to challenge the status quo .
In short , out of growth arose — and arise — new challenges and sometimes even new crises .
To respond to these shifting parameters , many leaders of high - growth countries opened up their nation ’s institutions .
This opening up included practices such as introducing transparency , establishing the rule of law , creating a bureaucracy of competent officials who understand global economics , and either allowing new elites into dominant party systems , alternating political parties , or changing political structures altogether .
In so doing , leaders signaled to their disgruntled citizens that the regime was changing to accommodate their diverse and increasingly complex interests .
Many leaders also learned to make second - best decisions that traded off growth for the return of stability .
These decisions often diverged markedly from the simple formula of “ stabilize , privatize , and liberalize , ” but nevertheless kept the nation ’s economy on track .
To make these choices , leaders had to overcome the natural tendency to resist change .
It is difficult , after all , to abandon a successful formula , even after it has outlived its usefulness .
In 1979 , for example , rampant poverty in rural areas of China following Mao ’s Great Leap Forward led Chinese leaders to conclude that the Soviet - style system in place since the 1950s was not improving the Chinese standard of living or closing the gap between China and industrialized nations .
In response , Deng let farmers raise more crops than the official quota allowed and then sell their surpluses on the market .
Although urbanites protested against the resulting higher prices , letting farmers sell their surpluses increased productivity , enriched farmers , and gave Chinese consumers a more plentiful and diverse food supply .
And because farmers at the time represented more than 80 percent of the population , the beneficiaries clearly outnumbered those who were adversely affected .
The CCP also opened its ranks to the new interests that growth created .
The economy became market - oriented .
Foreign trade became a major vehicle of growth , which led to the creation of Special Economic Zones .
Openly contested elections for party positions were now held at the village and town levels .
Japan likewise opened its institutions to accommodate its evolving economy .
By the late 1960s , economic growth had generated large retail outlets that were crowding out smaller mom-and - pop operations .
Pressured by the newfound competition , the mom-and - pop storeowners formed local organizations and began voting for the Japanese Socialist Party — the opposition to the pro-growth LDP .
Faced with the prospect of losing control in Japan ’s Diet , the LDP chose Tanaka Kakuei as its prime minister candidate for the 1972 elections .
Unlike his predecessors , Tanaka was not part of the University of Tokyo - educated party elite .
Indeed , Tanaka had not gone to college at all and had formed his new faction of the LDP against considerable opposition .
Once elected prime minister , Tanaka passed the Large Store Retail Act , which allowed local mom-and - pop organizations to delay , obstruct , and even deny large retailers the store space they need to capture economies of scale .
With the support of the mom-and - pops , the LDP dominated Japanese politics for another decade .
The LDP struck a similar deal with farm organizations , which wanted to keep foreign agricultural products out of the country .
As a result , Japan had disproportionally high numbers of both farmers and small businesses relative to other developed economies .
Although these concessions to agriculture and small business interests were far from economically efficient , they protected Japan ’s long - range growth for at least a decade ( assuming that the success of the Japanese Socialist Party would have hurt economic growth ) .
The success of Korean economic policy generated an increasing middle class and a large number of college students .
By the mid-1980s , many of these college students , middle - class ascendants , and union members were in the streets demanding an end to the autocratic political system and the corruption that went with it .
The Korean system had relied on a stacked electoral college that guaranteed victory for the candidate of the Democratic Justice Party ( DJP ) .
That institution and the election where General Roh Tae Woo of the DJP was to become the next president was the focal point for those seeking political freedom consistent with economic freedom .
Roh Tae Woo , faced with the choice of being elected with 100 percent probability , but with continued protests , instead chose to eliminate the electoral college and to reform the National Assembly elections .
Roh was elected president in a close three - way race .
Yet the electoral reforms in the assembly resulted in a loss for his party .
Although the reforms first resulted in divided government , they ultimately led to a competitive multiparty democracy in which the parties of the left often have control .
LEADING FOR GROWTH
It is easier to learn something known than it is to invent something new .
That is why advanced economies do not grow ( and cannot grow ) at rates of 7 percent or more , and why lagging economies can catch up .
To take an early example :
The textile industry of Osaka , Japan , eclipsed the mills of Lancashire , England , by borrowing , assimilating , and improving British designs and techniques .
The facade of the Osaka Spinning Company , established in 1883 , was even built from imported Lancashire red brick .
As the Chinese , Japanese , and Korean cases demonstrate , leaders of high - growth nations must walk a fine line between accommodating evolving economic and political interests and maintaining some degree of stability , coherence , and persistence in the policy space .
Some scholars hold that Western - style democracy is the best form of government for walking that line because it allows leaders to accommodate more interests and follow different frameworks at various points .
But the presence of several non-democracies on our list of 13 high - growth economies belies democracy as a critical ingredient for growth .
Moreover , other scholars , such as Daron Acemoglu of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and James A. Robinson of Harvard University , provide intriguing evidence that democracy is more a consequence than a cause of economic growth .
5
What does emerge as a crucial factor in sustained and rapid growth , however , is leadership .
A good economic model , persistently applied in a stable polity , is not enough to secure strong development .
But it ’s a start .
As societies grow and change , leaders must continuously adapt political , economic , and institutional structures and interactions without disrupting growth dynamics .
This is a huge challenge , as revealed by the rarity of high - growth countries .
This challenge falls mainly to political leaders , who must use a combination of insight , experience , and political skill to find the compromises and second - best choices that are least damaging to the growth process .
Support for our view that government leaders are important parts of economic development is not airtight or universal .
Our study draws mostly on Asian examples , which are not representative in large part because they had dominant single - party structures for much of the period of their rapid growth .
We also caution that economic growth is not an end in itself .
Some leaders , such as India ’s Jawaharlal Nehru and Mao , placed other priorities above economic development .
But economic growth does make it possible to achieve other important individual and social goals .
It can lift people out of poverty and drudgery .
Indeed , nothing else ever has .
It also creates the resources to support health care , education , and other objectives that many nations and people share .
In short , we hold that economic growth is a necessary , if not sufficient , condition for broad development , allowing individuals to be more productive and creative than they would be otherwise .
Notes
1 This article is adapted from David Brady and Michael Spence , “ Leadership and Politics : A Perspective From the Growth Commission , ” Oxford Review of Economic Policy , 25 , 2009 .
2 Benjamin F. Jones and Benjamin A. Olken , “ Do Leaders Matter ?
National Leadership and Growth Since World War II , ” Quarterly Journal of Economics , 120 , August 2005 .
3 Hiroyuki Hata , “ Malapportionment of Representation in the National Diet , ” Law and Contemporary Problems , 53 , 1990 : 157-70 .
4 Gary Cox and Emerson Niou , “ Seat Bonuses Under the Single Nontransferable Vote System : Evidence from Japan and Taiwan , ” Comparative Politics , 26 , 1994 .
5 Daron Acemoglu and James A. Robinson , Economic Origins of Dictatorship and Democracy , New York : Cambridge University Press , 2005 .
David W. Brady is the Bowen H. and Janice Arthur McCoy Professor of Political Science and Leadership Values in the Stanford Graduate School of Business , and professor of political science in the university ’s School of Humanities and Sciences .
He is also deputy director and senior fellow at the Hoover Institution , and an academic editor of the Stanford Social Innovation Review .
Michael Spence is Philip H. Knight Professor Emeritus of Management in the Stanford Graduate School of Business , and a senior fellow at the Hoover Institution .
In 2001 , he was awarded the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economics for his contributions to the analysis of markets with asymmetric information .
Spence is also chairman of the Commission on Growth and Development .
LOS ANGELES ( Reuters ) - A third of U.S. teenagers with cell phones send more than 100 texts a day as texting has exploded to become the most popular means of communication for young people , according to new research .
Kate Moore ( L ) and Morgan Dynda of the U.S. compete in the LG Mobile Worldcup Texting Championship in New York in this January 14 , 2010 file photo .
REUTERS / Mike Segar
The study by the Pew Internet and American Life Project , which offers a glimpse into teen culture and communication , found that texting has risen dramatically even since 2008 , eclipsing cell phone calls , instant messaging , social networks -- and talking face - to - face .
The Pew Research Center said that three - fourths of young people between the ages of 12 and 17 now own cell phones and of those that do , girls typically send or receive 80 text messages per day and boys , 30 per day .
“ Texting is now the central hub of communication in the lives of teens today , and it has really skyrocketed in the last 18 months , ” Pew researcher Amanda Lenhart said , attributing the rise in part to payment plans that allow unlimited texting .
The study ’s authors also say that , unlike phone calls , text messaging can be quietly carried out under the noses of parents , teachers or other authority figures and , unlike computers , it can be done almost anywhere .
“ We ’ve kind of hit a tipping point where now teens expect other teens to respond to text messaging and to be available , ” Lenhart said .
“ There is definitely an element of text messaging that fits so seamlessly into their lives . ”
Text messaging has become so much a part of teenagers ’ lives that 87 percent of those who text said that they sleep with , or next to , their phone .
Study author Scott Campbell said focus groups conducted by Pew also offer insight into the subtleties of teen communication and culture , revealing for example that , while boys do n’t typically use punctuation , for girls such nuances are critical .
“ If a girl puts a period at the end of a text message ( to another girl ) then it comes across as she ’s mad , ” Campbell said , which explains the prevalence of smiley emoticons .
“ They have these practices because they ’ve learned that texts can lead to misunderstandings , ” Lenhart said .
“ It ’s a deliberate thing and it ’s also part of a culture that ’s interested in differentiating itself from adult culture . ”
The percentage of teens with cell phones who sent at least one text message a day increased from 38 percent in 2008 to 54 percent in September 2009 , according to the study .
Meanwhile 38 percent of teens said they daily make at least one cell phone call , 30 percent said they talk on a landline phone and 24 percent said they used instant messaging .
micro MEGAS
by Voltaire
Editor 's Notes by Blake Linton Wilfong A daring and heretical yarn when published in 1752 , " Micromegas " is the original SF short story , and still one of the best .
It brims with scientific fact , extrapolates sun-powered interstellar flight , alien civilizations , and the two moons of Mars , and , most importantly , makes us see ourselves in a new light -- and laugh at what we find .
For Voltaire is to Man as Copernicus is to Earth .
His protagonist , a centuries - old 120,000 - foot - tall alien supergenius , marvels at the smallness of our planet 's microscopic inhabitants .
Man is clearly no more the pinnacle of living creatures than Earth is the center of the universe .
We are motes in a vast cosmos .
Perhaps the most amusing historical figure " Micromegas " ridicules is the Reverend William Derham ( 1657 - 1735 ) , early astronomer and author of Astro - Theology .
His description of nebulae as " openings in the firmament through which the fiery Empyrean is seen " improved his standing in the Church , but contributes only to his obscurity today .
Alas , " Micromegas " contains many mathematical blunders , factual errors , and implausibilities .
I have corrected some of these , but scientific accuracy is not really the point here .
Does it matter that Micromegas ' homeworld would collapse into a black hole under its own weight , or that the aliens ' romp on Earth must wreak vast destruction ?
No , just shift your suspension of disbelief into high gear and enjoy the fun !
The illustration of Micromegas picking up a sailing ship is by Charles Monnet , a contemporary of Voltaire .
The frontispiece is a grouping of NASA photographs of the planets of our solar system , scaled correctly relative to each other ... because " Micromegas " is , above all , a story of proportions .
On a planet revolving around the star Sirius there lived a young man of great intelligence , whose acquaintence I had the honor of making during his recent visit to our little anthill .
He was called Micromegas , an appropriate name for great people .
He had a stature of eight leagues , or 24,000 geometrical paces of five feet each , or 120,000 statute feet .
We earthmen have an average stature hardly more than five feet -- one pace -- so Mr. Micromegas ' world must in turn have a circumference 24,000 times greater than our little Earth .
Nothing in nature is simpler , more a matter of course .
The dominions of certain potentates in Germany or Italy , around which you can walk in half an hour , compared with the empires of Turkey , Russia , or China can give but a faint idea of the vast disparity Nature has set between different orders of being throughout the universe .
Given his Excellency 's height , any sculptor or painter would agree his waist should , proportionally , be about 50,000 feet around .
His nose being one third the length of his handsome face , and his handsome face being one seventh the height of his handsome body , it follows that the Sirian 's nose is some 5,714 statute feet long .
His mind rivals the most cultivated among us ; he knows many things , some of which are his own inventions .
He had not yet reached his 250th year , and was studying , as was customary at his age , at the most famous school on the planet , when he solved 50 propositions of Euclid - - 18 more than Blaise Pascal , who , after having , according to his sister 's account , solved 32 for his own amusement , became a pretty fair geometer , and a very poor metaphysician .
When Micromegas was about 450 years old , and already passing out of childhood , he dissected , with the aid of powerful microscopes , many little insects less than 100 feet in diameter ; he wrote an interesting book about them , which got him into trouble .
The mufti of that country , much given to hair - splitting and very ignorant , found in his work statements they deemed suspicious , offensive , rash , and heretical , and they prosecuted him with bitter animosity .
The question in dispute was whether the substantial form of which the fleas of Sirius consisted was of the same nature as that of the snails .
Micromegas defended himself spiritedly , and had all the ladies on his side ; the trial lasted 220 years .
At last the mufti had the book condemned by judges who had never read it , and the author was forbidden to appear at court for 800 years .
He was only moderately afflicted at being banished from a court full of trickery and meanness .
He composed a very funny song ridiculing the mufti , which in turn failed to give the latter much annoyance ; and he himself set forth on his travels from planet to planet , with a view to improving his mind and soul , as the saying goes .
Those who travel only in coaches will doubtless be astonished at the sort of conveyance adopted up there ; for we , on our little mound of mud , can imagine nothing beyond our own experience .
Our traveler had such a marvelous acquaintance with the laws of gravitation , and all the forces of attraction and repulsion , and made such good use of his knowledge , that , sometimes by means of a sunbeam , and sometimes with the help of a comet , he went from one world to another as a bird hops from bough to bough .
He traversed the Milky Way in a short time ; and I am obliged to confess that he never saw , beyond the stars with which it is thickly sown , that beautiful celestial empyrean which the illustrious parson , Derham , boasts of having discovered at the end of his telescope .
Not that I would for a moment suggest Mr. Derham mistook what he saw ; Heaven forbid !
But Micromegas was on the spot , he is an accurate observer , and I have no wish to contradict anybody .
Micromegas , after plenty of turns and twists , arrived at the planet Saturn .
Accustomed though he was to the sight of novelties , when he saw the insignificant size of the globe and its inhabitants , he could not at first refrain from that smile of superiority which sometimes escapes even the wisest ; for in truth Saturn is scarcely 900 times greater than Earth , and the citizens of that country are mere dwarfs , only a thousand fathoms high , or thereabout .
He laughed a little at first at these people , in much the same way an Italian musician , when he comes to France , derides Lulli 's performances .
But , being a sensible fellow , the Sirian was soon convinced that a thinking being need not be altogether ridiculous because he is only 6,000 feet high .
He was soon on familiar terms with the Saturnians after their astonishment had somewhat subsided .
He formed a close friendship with the secretary of the Academy of Saturn , a man of great intelligence , who had not indeed invented anything himself , but excelled at describing the inventions of others , and who could turn a little verse neatly enough or perform an elaborate calculation .
One day , after the Sirian had laid down and the secretary had approached his face to facilitate conversation , Micromegas said , " I must confess that nature is full of variety . "
" Yes , " said the Saturnian ; " nature is like a flower - bed , the blossoms of which - - "
" Oh , " said the other , " have done with your flower - bed ! "
" She is , " resumed the secretary , " like an assembly of blondes and brunettes , whose attire --"
" No , no , " said the traveler .
" Nature is like nature .
Why do you search for comparisons ? "
" To please you , " answered the secretary .
" I do not want to be pleased , " rejoined the traveler ; " I want to be instructed ; begin by telling me how many senses the men in your world possess . "
" We have 72 , " said the academician ; " and we are always complaining that they are so few .
Our imagination soars beyond our needs ; we find that with our 72 senses , our ring , and our five moons , that our range is too restricted , and , in spite of all our curiosity and the tolerably large number of passions which spring out of our 72 senses , we often feel bored . "
" I can well believe it , " said Micromegas ; " for on our globe , though we have nearly a thousand senses , there lingers even in us a certain vague desire , an unaccountable restlessness , which warns us that we are of little account in the universe , and that there are beings much more perfect than ourselves .
I have traveled ; I have seen mortals far below us , and others greatly superior ; but I have seen none who have not more desires than real wants , and more wants than they can satisfy .
I shall someday , perhaps , reach the country where there is lack of nothing , but hitherto no one has been able to give me any positive information about it . "
The Saturnian and the Sirian thereupon exhausted themselves with ingenius yet futile conjectures on the subject , but were eventually obliged to return to facts .
" How long do you people live ? " asked the Sirian .
" Ah ! a very short time , " replied the little man of Saturn .
" So too with us , " said the Sirian .
" We are always complaining of the shortness of life .
This must be a universal law of nature . "
" Alas ! " quoth the Saturnian , " none of us live more than 500 annual revolutions of the Sun . "
( That amounts to about 15,000 years , according to our manner of counting . )
" You see how it is our fate to die almost as soon as we are born ; our existence is a point , our duration an instant , our globe an atom .
Scarcely have we begun to acquire a little information when death arrives before we can put it to use .
I myself do not venture to lay any schemes ; I feel like a drop of water in a boundless ocean .
I am ashamed , especially before you , of the absurd figure I make in this universe . "
Micromegas answered : " Were you not a philosopher , I should fear to distress you by telling you our lives are 700 times as long as yours ; but you know too well that when the time comes to give back one 's body to the elements , and reanimate nature under another form -- the process called death -- when that moment of metamorphosis comes , it is precisely the same whether we have lived an eternity or only a day .
I have been in countries where life is a thousand times longer than with us , and yet have heard murmurs of its brevity even there .
But people of good sense exist everywhere , who know how to make the most of what they have , and to thank the Author of nature .
He has spread over this universe abundant variety , together with a kind of admirable uniformity .
For example , all thinking beings are different , yet resemble each other in the common endowment of thought and will .
Matter is infinitely extended , but has different properties in different worlds .
How many of these various properties do you reckon in the matter with which you are acquainted ? "
" If you speak , " replied the Saturnian , " of those properites without which we believe this globe could not subsist as it is , we count 300 of them , such as extension , impenetrability , mobility , gravitation , divisibility , etc . "
" Apparently , " rejoined the traveler , " this small number is sufficient for the Creator 's purpose in constructing this little habitation .
I admire
His wisdom throughout ; I see differences everywhere , but everywhere also a due proportion .
Your globe is small ; you who inhabit it are small likewise ; you have few senses ; the matter comprising your world has few properties ; all this is the work of Providence .
What color is your sun when carefully examined ? "
" White deeply tinged with yellow , " said the Saturnian ; " and when we split up one of its rays , it consists of seven colors . "
" Our sun has a reddish light , " said the Sirian , " and we have 39 primary colors .
There is not a single sun , among all those I have approached , which resembles any other , just as among yourselves there is not a single face which is not different from all the rest . "
After several other questions of this kind , he inquired how many modes of existence essentially different were enumerated on Saturn .
He was told that not more than 30 were distinguished , as God , space , matter , beings occupying space which feel and think , thinking beings which do not occupy space , those which possess penetrability , others which do not , etc .
The Sirian , in whose world they count 300 of them , and who had discovered 3,000 more in the course of his travels , astonished the philosopher of Saturn .
At length , after having communicated to each other a little of what they knew , and a great deal of that about which they knew nothing , and after having exercised their reasoning powers during a complete revolution of the Sun , they resolved to make a little exploratory tour together .
Our two philosophers were ready to embark upon the atmosphere of Saturn , with a fine collection of scientific instruments , when the Saturnian 's mistress , who had heard what he was up to , came in tears to remonstrate with him .
She was a pretty little brunette , barely 660 fathoms high , but her agreeable manners amply atoned for that deficiency .
" Oh , cruel one ! " she exclaimed , " after having resisted you for 1,500 years , and when I was at last beginning to surrender , and have passed scarcely a hundred years in your arms , to leave me thus , and start on a long journey with a giant of another world !
Go , you have no taste for anything but novelty , you have never felt true love ; were you a real Saturnian , you would be constant .
Whither away so fast ?
What would you have ?
Our five moons are less fickle than you , our ring less changeable .
So much for the past !
I will never love again . "
The philosopher embraced her , and , in spite of all his philosophy , joined his tears with hers .
As to the lady , after having fainted away , she consoled herself with a certain beau who lived in the neighborhood .
Meanwhile our two inquirers commenced their travels ; they first jumped onto Saturn 's ring , which they found pretty flat , as an illustrious inhabitant of our little globe has cleverly conjectured ; thence they easily made their way from moon to moon .
A comet passed near the last one , so they sprang upon it , along with their instruments .
When they had gone about 150,000,000 leagues , they came across the satellites of Jupiter .
They landed on Jupiter itself , and remained there a year , during which they learned some very remarkable secrets which would now be appearing in the press , were it not for certain censors who find them too hard to swallow .
Leaving Jupiter , our explorers crossed a space of about 100,000,000 leagues , and , coasting along the planet Mars , which , as is well known , is five times smaller than our own little globe , they saw two moons .
These have escaped the observation of our astronomers .
I am well aware that Father Castel will write , and pleasantly enough too , against the existence of these two moons , but I believe those who reason from analogy .
Those excellent philosophers know how difficult it would be for Mars , which is so distant from the Sun , to get by with less than two moons .
Be that as it may , our friends found the planet so small they were afraid of finding no room there to put up for the night , so they proceeded on their way , like a pair of travelers who disdain a humble village inn , and push on to the nearest town .
But the Sirian and his companion soon repented this decision , for they went a long time without finding anything at all .
At last they perceived a faint glimmer ; it came from our Earth , and created compassion in the minds of those who had so lately left Jupiter .
However , for fear of repenting a second time , they decided to disembark .
They passed over the tail of the comet , and with the aid with an aurora borealis close at hand , alighted on Earth by the northern shore of the Baltic Sea , July 5 , 1737 .
After resting , they consumed for breakfast a couple of mountains .
Then wishing to inspect the countryside , they first went from north to south .
Each of the Sirian 's ordinary steps was about 30,000 statute feet ; the Saturnian dwarf , whose height was only a thousand fathoms , followed panting far behind , for he had to take 20 steps when the other made a single stride .
Picture to yourself a tiny little toy spaniel pursuing a captain of the King of Prussia 's grenadiers !
The strangers proceeded quickly , circling the globe in 36 hours ; the Sun , indeed , or rather the Earth , makes the same journey in a day ; but it is much easier to turn on one 's axis than to walk on one 's feet .
Behold our travelers , then , returned to the same spot from which they had started , after having set eyes upon that sea , to them almost imperceptible , called the Mediterranean , and that other little pond which , under the name of the great Ocean , surrounds this molehill .
Therein the dwarf had never sunk much above the knee , while the other had scarcely wetted his ankle .
They did all they could , searching here and there , to ascertain whether Earth was inhabited .
They stooped , lay down , and groped about in all directions ; but their eyes and hands being out of all proportion to the tiny beings who crawl up and down here , they felt not the slightest sensation which could lead them to suspect that we and our fellow creatures have the honor to exist .
The dwarf hastily declared there was not a single creature on this planet .
His first reason was that he had not seen one .
But Micromegas politely explained that that was not a good argument :
" For , " said he , " you , with your little eyes , cannot see certain stars of the 50th magnitude which I distinctly discern ; do you conclude that those stars have no existence ? "
" But , " argued the dwarf , " this globe is so ill - constructed , so irregular , and so ridiculously shaped !
All here appears chaotic ; look at these little brooks , not one of which goes in a straight line , and these ponds , which are neither round , square , oval , nor of any regular form ; and all these little bristles which have rubbed the skin off my feet ! " -- he alluded to the trees - -" Observe too the shape of the globe as a whole , how it is flat at the poles , how it turns around the Sun in a clumsily slanting manner , so that the polar climes are mere wastes .
In truth , what chiefly makes me think there is nobody here , is that I cannot suppose any sensible people should wish to occupy such a dwelling . "
" Well , " said Micromegas , " perhaps the people who inhabit it are not sensible .
But there are in fact signs of its not having been made for nothing .
Everything here seems irregular , you say ; but you judge by the standards of Saturn and Jupiter .
Have I not told you that in the course of my travels I have always found variety ? "
The Saturnian had answers to these arguments , and the dispute might never have ended , had not he suddenly spied what seemed to him a small tadpole moving half underwater in the Baltic sea .
Actually , it was a whale .
He caught it cleverly with his little finger , and placing it on his thumbnail , showed it to the Sirian , who burst out laughing a second time at the extreme minuteness of the inhabitants of our system .
The Saturnian , now convinced our world was inhabited , immediately concluded that whales were the only creatures to be found here , and , as speculation was his strong point , made conjectures about the origin of so insignificant an atom , the source of its movement , and whether it had ideas and free will .
Micromegas drew a magnifying glass from his bundle of instruments , examined the creature patiently , and found no evidence that it had a soul lodged in its body .
The two travelers then suspected there were no intelligent beings in this habitation of ours , when at last they noticed something as big as a whale , floating on the Baltic sea .
We know that at that very time , a flock of philosophers was returning from the polar circle , where they had gone to make observations no one had attempted before .
The newspapers say their vessel ran aground in the gulf of Bothnia , and that they had great difficulty saving their lives ; but we never know in this world the real truth about anything .
I will relate honestly what occurred , without adding anything of my own invention - - a task which demands no small effort on the part of a historian .
The passengers and crew , who thought a tempest had whirled them aloft , and supposed they had struck upon some kind of rock , began to stir ; the sailors seized casks of wine , threw them overboard on the Saturnian 's hand , then jumped down themselves , while the geometers seized their quadrants , their sectors , and a pair of Lapland girls , and descended on the Saturnian 's fingers .
They made such a commotion that at last he felt a tickle - - a pole with an iron point being driven a foot deep into his forefinger .
He surmised that this prick proceeded somehow from the little animal he was holding ; but at first he perceived nothing more than minute specks , which he guessed to be turds , spilling away from the creature .
I have no wish to shock anyone 's vanity , but I must beg those who are sensitive about their own importance to consider what I have to say on this subject .
Taking the average stature of mankind at five feet , we make no greater figure on Earth than an insect not quite one 200,000th of an inch in height on a bowl 10 feet around .
Imagine a being who could hold Earth in his hands and who had organs of sense proportionate to our own -- there are in fact many such beings -- and consider what they would think of those battles which give the conqueror possession of some village , to be lost again soon after .
No doubt some captain of tall grenadiers will read this work and raise the caps of his company a couple of feet ; but I warn him , it will be all in vain ; he and his men will never be anything but the merest mites .
It was not until both Sirian and Saturnian examined the " turds " with microscopes that they realized the amazing truth .
When Leeuwenhoek and Hartsoeker first saw , or thought they saw , the minute speck out of which we are formed , they did not make nearly so surprising a discovery .
What pleasure Micromegas and the dwarf felt in watching the movements of those little machines , in examining their feats , in following their operations !
How they shouted with joy !
" I see them ! " they exclaimed both at once .
" Do you not observe how they are carrying burdens , how they stoop down and rise up ? "
As they spoke , their hands trembled with delight at beholding objects so unusual , and with fear lest they lose them .
The Saturnian , passing from extreme skepticism to utter credulity , fancied he saw them engaged in the work of propagation .
" Ah ! " said he , " I have surprised nature in the very act . "
But he was deceived by appearances , an accident to which we are only too liable , whether using microscopes or not .
Micromegas , a much better observer , perceived clearly that the atoms were speaking to each other , and corrected his companion ; but the dwarf , ashamed of having erred on this delicate subject , refused to believe that such creatures could have any means of communicating ideas .
He had the gift of tongues as did the Sirian ; he did not hear the atoms speak , so he concluded that they did not ; besides , how could those imperceptible beings have vocal organs , and what could they have to say ?
To be able to speak , one must think , or at least make some approach to thought ; but if those creatures could think , they must have something equivalent of a soul ; and to attribute the equivalent of a soul to these little animals seemed absurd .
" But , " said the Sirian , " you fancied just now they were making love ; can they make love without being able to think or utter a word , or even to make themselves understood ?
Moreover , do you suppose it is more difficult to produce arguments than offspring ?
Both appear to me equally mysterious operations . "
" I no longer venture either to believe or deny , " said the dwarf ; " We must try to examine these insects , then form our conclusions afterward . "
" Well said ! " replied Micromegas .
Using the equipment he had brought with him , he fabricated a pair of monster speaking - trumpets , like huge funnels , the narrow ends of which he and the Saturnian placed in their ears .
As the wide part of the trumpets covered the ship and her crew , the faintest voice was conveyed in such a manner that the philosophers high above them clearly heard the buzzing of our insects down below .
In a few hours they succeeded in distinguishing the words , and at last in understanding the French language .
The travelers ' astonishment increased every instant .
They heard mere mites speaking tolerably good sense ; such a freak of nature seemed inexplicable .
You may imagine how impatiently the Sirian and his dwarf longed to converse with the atoms ; but the dwarf feared that his voice of thunder , and still more that of Micromegas , might deafen the mites without conveying any meaning .
To diminish its strength , they placed in their mouths little toothpicks , the tapering ends of which were brought near the ship .
Then the Sirian , holding the dwarf on his knee ( who in turn held the vessel with her crew upon his palm ) , bent his head down and spoke in a low voice , thus at last addressing them :
" Invisible insects , whom the hand of the Creator has been pleased to produce in the abyss of the infinitely little , I thank Him for having deigned to reveal to me secrets which seemed inscrutable .
It may be the courtiers of my country would not condescend to look upon you , but I despise no one , and offer you my protection . "
If ever anyone was astonished , it was the people who heard these words , nor could they guess whence they came .
The ship 's chaplain recited the prayers used in exorcism , the sailors swore , and the philosophers constructed theories ; but whatever theories they constructed , they could not divine who was speaking to them .
The dwarf of Saturn , who had a softer voice than Micromegas , then told them briefly with what kind of beings they were dealing .
He gave an account of their journey from Saturn , and acquainted them with the parts and powers of Mr. Micromegas ; and , after having commiserated them for being so small , he asked if they had always been in that pitiful condition little better than annihilation , what they found to do on a globe that appeared to belong to whales , if they were happy , if they increased and multiplied , whether they had souls , and a hundred other questions .
A philosopher of the party , bolder than the rest , and shocked that the existence of his soul should be questioned , took observations of the speaker with a quadrant from two different stations , and , at the third , spoke : " Do you then suppose sir , because a thousand fathoms extend between your head and feet , that you are --"
" A thousand fathoms ! " cried the dwarf .
" Good heavens !
How can he know my height ?
A thousand fathoms !
He is not an inch out of his reckoning .
What !
Has that atom actually measured me ?
He is a geometer , he knows my size ; while I , who can barely see him except through a microscope , am still ignorant of his ! "
" Yes , I have taken your measure , " said the man of science ; " and , based on your relative proportions , I further deduce that your big companion is approximately 120,000 statute feet tall . "
Thereupon Micromegas uttered , " I see more clearly than ever that we should judge nothing by its apparent importance .
O God ,
Who hast bestowed intelligence upon things which seemed so despicable , the infinitely little is as much
Thy concern as the infinitely great ; and , if it is possible that there should be living things smaller than these , they may be endowed with minds superior even to those of the magnificent creatures I have seen in the sky , who with one foot could cover this globe upon which I have alighted . "
One of the philosophers agreed he might with perfect confidence believe there actually were intelligent beings much smaller than man .
He related , not the fables Virgil told on the subject of bees , but the results of Swammerdam 's discoveries , and Reamur 's dissections .
Finally , he informed him that there are animals which bear the same proportion to bees that bees bear to men , or that the Sirian himself bore to those huge creatures of which he spoke , or that those great creatures themselves bore to others before whom they seemed mere atoms .
The conversation grew more and more interesting , and Micromegas spoke as follows :
" O intelligent atoms , in whom the Eternal Being has been pleased to manifest
His skill and power , you must doubtless taste joys of perfect purity on your globe ; for , being encumbered with so little matter , and seeming to be all spirit , you must pass your lives in love and meditation -- the true life of spiritual beings .
I have nowhere beheld genuine happiness , but here it is to be found , without a doubt . "
On hearing these words , all the philosophers shook their heads , and one , more frank than the others , candidly confessed that , with the exception of a small number held in mean estimation among them , all the rest of mankind were a multitude of fools , knaves , and miserable wretches .
" We have more matter than we need , " said he , " the cause of much evil , if evil proceeds from matter ; and we have too much mind , if evil proceeds from mind .
For instance , at this very moment there are 100,000 fools of our species who wear hats , slaying 100,000 fellow creatures who wear turbans , or being massacred by them , and over almost all of Earth such practices have been going on from time immemorial . "
The Sirian shuddered , and asked what could cause such horrible quarrels between those miserable little creatures .
" The dispute concerns a lump of clay , " said the philosopher , " no bigger than your heel .
Not that a single one of those millions of men who get their throats cut has the slightest interest in this clod of earth .
The only point in question is whether it shall belong to a certain man who is called Sultan , or another who , I know not why , is called Caesar .
Neither has seen , or is ever likely to see , the little corner of ground which is the bone of contention ; and hardly one of those animals , who are cutting each other 's throats has ever seen the animal for whom they fight so desperately . "
" Ah! wretched creatures ! " exclaimed the Sirian with indignation ; " Can anyone imagine such frantic ferocity !
I should like to take two or three steps , and stamp upon the whole swarm of these ridiculous assassins . "
" No need , " answered the philosopher ; " they are working hard enough to destroy themselves .
I assure you , at the end of 10 years , not a hundredth part of those wretches will be left ; even if they had never drawn the sword , famine , fatigue , or intemperance will sweep them almost all away .
Besides , it is not they who deserve punishment , but rather those armchair barbarians , who from the privacy of their cabinets , and during the process of digestion , command the massacre of a million men , and afterward ordain a solemn thanksgiving to God . "
The traveler , moved with compassion for the tiny human race , among whom he found such astonishing contrasts , said to the gentlemen :
" Since you belong to the small number of wise men , and apparently do not kill anyone for money , tell me , pray , how you occupy yourselves . "
" We dissect flies , " said the same philosopher , " measure distances , calculate numbers , agree upon two or three points we understand , and dispute two or three thousand points of which we know nothing . "
The visitors from Sirius and Saturn immediately desired to question these intelligent atoms about the subjects on which they agreed .
" How far do you reckon it , " said the latter , " from the Dog Star to the great star in Gemini ? "
They all answered together : " 32 degrees and a half . "
" How far do you make it from here to the Moon ? "
" 60 half - diameters of the Earth , in round numbers . "
" What is the weight of your air ? "
He thought to trick them , but they all answered that air weighs about 900 times less than an equal volume of distilled water , and 19,000 times less than pure gold .
The little dwarf from Saturn , astonished at their replies , was now inclined to take for sorcerers the same people he had disbelieved , just a quarter hour ago , could possess souls .
Then Micromegas said : " Since you know so well what is outside yourselves , doubtless you know still better what is within you .
Tell me what is the nature of your soul , and how you form ideas . "
The philosophers spoke all at once as before , but this time all their opinons differed .
The oldest quoted Aristotle , another pronounced the name of Descartes , this spoke of Malebranche , that of Leibnitz , and another again of Locke .
The old Peripatetic said loudly and confidently : " The soul is an actuality and a rationality , in virtue of which it has the power to be what it is ; as Aristotle expressly declares on page 633 of the Louvre edition of his works " ; and he quoted the passage .
" I do n't understand Greek very well , " said the giant .
" Neither do I , " said the mite of a philosopher .
" Why , then , " inquired the Sirian , " do you quote the man you call Aristotle in that language ? "
" Because , " replied the sage , " it is right and proper to quote what we do not comprehend in a language we least understand . "
The Cartesian interposed and said : " The soul is pure spirit , which receives in its mother 's womb all metaphysical ideas , and which , on issuing thence , is obliged to go to school as it were , and learn afresh all it knew so well , and will never know again . "
" It was hardly worthwhile , then , " answered the eight - leagued giant , " for your soul to have been so learned in your mother 's womb , if you were to become so ignorant by the time you have a beard on your chin .
But what do you mean by spirit ? "
" Why do you ask ? " said the philosopher ; " I have no idea of its meaning , except that it is said to be independent of matter . "
" You know , at least , what matter is , I presume ? "
" Perfectly well , " replied the man .
" For instance , this stone is gray , is of such and such a form , has three dimensions , has weight and divisibility . "
" Very well , " said the Sirian , " Now tell me , please , what this thing actually is which appears to you to be divisible , heavy , and of a gray color .
You observe certain qualities ; but are you acquainted with the intrinsic nature of the thing itself ? "
" No , " said the other .
" Then you do not know what matter is . "
Thereupon Mr. Micromegas , addressing his question to another sage , whom the Saturnian held on his thumb , asked him what the soul was , and what it did .
" Nothing at all , " said the disciple of Malebranche ; " it is God who does everything for me ; I see and do everything through Him ;
He it is who does all without my interference . "
" Then you might just as well not exist , " replied the sage of Sirius .
" And you , my friend , " he said to a follower of Leibnitz , who was there , " what is your soul ? "
" It is , " answered he , " a hand which points to the hour while my body chimes , or , if you like , it is the soul which chimes , while my body points to the hour ; or to put it another way , my soul is the mirror of the universe , and my body is its frame : that is all clear enough . "
A little student of Locke was standing near ; and when his opinion was at last asked : " I know nothing , " said he , " of how I think , but I know I have never thought except on the suggestion of my senses .
That there are immaterial and intelligent substances is not what I doubt ; but that it is impossible for God to communicate the faculty of thought to matter is what I doubt very strongly .
I adore the eternal Power , nor is it my part to limit its exercise ; I assert nothing , I content myself with believing that more is possible than people think . "
The creature of Sirius smiled ; he did not deem the last speaker the least sagacious of the company ; and , were it possible , the dwarf of Saturn would have clasped Locke 's disciple in his arms .
But unluckily a little animalcule was there in a square cap , who silenced all the other philosophical mites , saying that he knew the whole secret , that it was all to be found in the " Summa " of St. Thomas Aquinas ; he scanned the pair of celestial visitors from top to toe , and maintained that they and all their kind , their suns and stars , were made solely for man 's benefit .
At this speech our two travelers tumbled over each other , choking with that inextinguishable laughter which , according to Homer , is the special privilege of the gods ; their shoulders shook , and their bodies heaved up and down , till in those merry convulsions , the ship the Saturnian held on his palm fell into his breeches pocket .
These two good people , after a long search , recovered it at last , and duly set to rights all that had been displaced .
The Saturnian once more took up the little mites , and Micromegas addressed them again with great kindness , though he was a little disgusted in the bottom of his heart at seeing such infinitely insignificant atoms so puffed up with pride .
He promised to give them a rare book of philosophy , written in minute characters , for their special use , telling all that can be known of the ultimate essence of things , and he actually gave them the volume ere his departure .
It was carried to Paris and laid before the Academy of Sciences ; but when the old secretary came to open it , the pages were blank .
" Ah ! " said he .
" Just as I expected . "
Continue
to Voltaire 's " Plato's Dream "
Return
to the Free Sci-Fi Classics table of contents
Return
to The World of the Wondersmith
' N Korean torpedo ' sank navy ship
A North Korean submarine 's torpedo sank a South Korean navy ship on 26 March causing the deaths of 46 sailors , an international report has found .
Investigators said they had discovered part of the torpedo on the sea floor and it carried lettering that matched a North Korean design .
Pyongyang rejected the claim as a " fabrication " and threatened war if sanctions were imposed , say reports .
China has urged both countries to show restraint .
South Korean President Lee Myung - bak pledged to take " stern action " against the North .
The White House described the sinking of the ship as an " act of aggression " by North Korea that challenged peace .
UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon said the report was " deeply troubling " .
Pyongyang said it would send its own inspection team to the South to " verify material evidence " behind the accusation .
NORTH KOREAN ATTACKS
Jan 1967 - attacks South Korean warship near border , killing 39 sailors
Jan 1968 - commandos storm presidential palace in Seoul in a failed attempt to kill President Park Chung - hee
Jan 1968 - captures USS Pueblo - one crew member dies and 82 held hostage for 11 months
Dec 1969 - hijacks South Korean airliner taking dozens of passengers hostage
Oct 1983 - bombs hotel in Rangoon , Burma in failed attempt to kill South Korean President Chun Doo-hwan - 21 people die
Nov 1987 - bombs South Korean airliner , killing 115
Sept 1996 - sub carrying 26 troops disabled off South - some land in South sparking deadly manhunt
Mar 2010 - torpedoes Cheonan warship , 46 sailors killed How the ship was sunk
A North Korean defence spokesman said the country would " respond to reckless countermeasure with an all - out war of justice " , the state KCNA news agency reported .
Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Ma Zhaoxu said Beijing had " noted " the report and would make its own assessment , but called on both sides to exercise restraint .
The Cheonan went down near the disputed inter-Korean maritime border , raising tension between the two nations , which technically remain at war .
The shattered wreck of the 1,200 - tonne gunboat was later winched to the surface , in two pieces , for examination .
The investigation was led by experts from the US , Australia , Britain and Sweden .
The team examined eyewitness accounts , damage to the vessel , evidence collected from the seabed and the injuries sustained by survivors and those who died .
It said : " The evidence points overwhelmingly to the conclusion that the torpedo was fired by a North Korean submarine .
" There is no other plausible explanation . "
' Perfect match '
Monitoring of seismic activity in the region , damage to the ship and the " fractures and lacerations " sustained by the dead crew were all consistent with " damage resulting from a shockwave and bubble effect " caused by an explosion directly beneath the vessel , it said .
The report said the torpedo parts found " perfectly match " a torpedo type that the North manufactures .
Lettering found on one section matched that on a North Korean torpedo found by the South seven years ago .
There had earlier been a number of explanations suggested for the sinking , including an accidental collision with an unexploded sea mine left over from the Korean War .
Mr Lee 's presidential office said he had told Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd : " We will be taking firm , responsive measures against the North - and through international co-operation , we have to make the North admit its wrongdoing and come back as a responsible member of the international community . "
However , the BBC's John Sudworth in Seoul says agreeing an international response will be difficult as the diplomatic options will be limited .
Chinese Vice Foreign Minister Cui Tiankai said on Thursday the sinking of the vessel was " unfortunate " but he would not comment on the international report .
Absent from the White House statement is any call for retribution or military response .
The US does not want fighting to break out on the Korean peninsula .
The White House , said one expert , will be looking for a response that deters , but does not provoke North Korea .
Sources here say the Obama administration is considering putting North Korea back on the list of countries which sponsor terrorism .
That could mean sanctions .
North Korea was removed from the list in 2008 .
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is due to travel to Japan , South Korea and China in the coming days .
Managing this smouldering crisis between the two Koreas will no doubt occupy much of her time .
White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said US President Barack Obama had expressed his " deep sympathy " to Mr Lee and the Korean people and that the US " strongly condemned " the action .
" This act of aggression is one more instance of North Korea 's unacceptable behaviour and defiance of international law , " said Mr Gibbs , adding that it " only deepens North Korea 's isolation " .
He called the alleged attack " a challenge to international peace and security " and a violation of the armistice agreement which ended the Korean war .
But he said it had reinforced the resolve of North Korea 's neighbours " to intensify their co-operation to safeguard peace and stability in the region against all provocations " .
Japan 's Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama said in a statement that North Korea 's action was " unforgivable " .
The country 's chief cabinet secretary , Hirofumi Hirano , said the situation was " extremely regrettable " and would " evidently " be brought before the UN .
The British embassy in Seoul quoted Foreign Secretary William Hague as saying : " [ North Korea 's ] actions will deepen the international community 's mistrust .
The attack demonstrates a total indifference to human life and a blatant disregard of international obligations . "
A new technique developed by Princeton University engineers for producing electricity - conducting plastics could dramatically lower the cost of manufacturing solar panels .
By overcoming technical hurdles to producing plastics that are translucent , malleable and able to conduct electricity , the researchers have opened the door to broader use of the materials in a wide range of electrical devices .
With mounting concerns about global warming and energy demand , plastics could represent a low - cost alternative to indium tin oxide ( ITO ) , an expensive conducting material currently used in solar panels , according to the researchers .
" Conductive polymers [ plastics ] have been around for a long time , but processing them to make something useful degraded their ability to conduct electricity , " said Yueh - Lin Loo , an associate professor of chemical engineering , who led the Princeton team .
" We have figured out how to avoid this trade - off .
We can shape the plastics into a useful form while maintaining high conductivity . "
A multi-institutional team reported on its new technique in a paper published online March 8 in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
The area of research , known as " organic electronics " because plastics are carbon - based like living creatures , holds promise for producing new types of electronic devices and new ways of manufacturing existing technologies , but has been hampered by the mysterious loss of conductivity associated with moldable plastics .
" People did n't understand what was happening , " said Loo , who co-wrote the paper .
" We discovered that in making the polymers moldable , their structures are trapped in a rigid form , which prevented electrical current from traveling through them . "
Once they understood the underlying problem , Loo and her colleagues developed a way to relax the structure of the plastics by treating them with an acid after they were processed into the desired form .
Using the method , they were able to make a plastic transistor , a fundamental component of electronics that is used to amplify and switch electronic signals .
They produced the electrodes of the transistor by printing the plastic onto a surface , a fast and cheap method similar to the way an ink - jet printer produces a pattern on a piece of paper .
Loo said the technique potentially could be scaled up for mass production presses akin to those used to print newspapers .
" Being able to essentially paint on electronics is a big deal , " Loo said .
" You could distribute the plastics in cartridges the way printer ink is sold , and you would n't need exotic machines to print the patterns . "
By allowing plastic solar cells to be manufactured using low - cost printing techniques and by replacing ITO as the primary conducting material , the plastics the team developed hold potential for lowering the cost of solar panels .
Currently , the electricity generated by plastic solar cells is collected by a transparent metal conductor made of ITO .
The conductor must be transparent so that sunlight can pass through it to the materials in solar cells that absorb the light energy .
A rare and pricey byproduct of mining , ITO had come under increasing demand for use in flat - screen televisions , mobile phones and other devices with display screens .
" The cost of indium tin oxide is skyrocketing , " Loo said .
" To bring down the costs of plastic solar cells , we need to find a replacement for ITO .
Our conducting plastics allow sunlight to pass through them , making them a viable alternative . "
The researchers anticipate that the plastics also could replace expensive metals used in other electronic devices , such as flexible displays .
In addition , the scientists are beginning to explore the use of the plastics in biomedical sensors that would display a certain color if a person had an infection .
For instance , the plastics turn from yellow to green when exposed to nitric oxide , a chemical compound produced during ear infections in children .
If the devices could be produced at a low cost , they might be useful in developing countries that lack advanced medical facilities .
" You would n't need any fancy machines or lab equipment to diagnose an infection , " Loo said , " all you would need is your eyes to see the color change in the plastics . "
###
The co-authors of the paper were Joung Eun Yoo , who received her doctorate in chemical engineering from the University of Texas - Austin in 2009 with Loo as her adviser ; Kimberly Baldwin , a high school student who spent a summer in Loo 's lab ; Jacob Tarver , a Princeton chemical engineering graduate student ; Enrique Gomez of Pennsylvania State University ; Kwang Seok Lee and Yangming Sun of the University of Texas - Austin ; Andres Garcia and Thuc - Quyen Nguyen of the University of California - Santa Barbara ; and Hong Meng of DuPont Central Research and Development .
The research was supported by the National Science Foundation , the W.M. Keck Foundation and the Arnold and Mabel Beckman Foundation .
She mowed down a helpless , elderly woman while driving a van high on drugs , but a twisted Long Island teen still claimed to see a bright side to the horrific crash .
“ The thing that made me not feel so bad was , she was old , ” hellcat Kayla Gerdes , 18 , told investigators after she was busted for killing 69 - year - old Rebecca Twine Wright as the retired doctor trimmed her lawn Tuesday , a source told The Post .
Gerdes , of Freeport , claimed to once be a model .
And she was so self - absorbed in the hours after the wreck that she told cops interviewing her she wants “ to see a newspaper of the news , to see what I look like . ”
Just moments after the crash on the tree - lined Hempstead block , the teen showed more concern about being late for a court date than she did for the woman whose broken body was crumpled on the ground , according to court documents .
Gerdes , who cops said was high on the powerful painkiller OxyContin , stepped from the wrecked vehicle and demanded that that a passer - by help her get to the courthouse .
“ I ’m late for court .
You have to take me to court ! ” she exclaimed , according to a criminal complaint .
She was due to appear for allegedly stealing her mom ’s jewelry , even though she was driving in the opposite direction of the Nassau County courthouse in Mineola .
Her passenger and boss , Brian Steele Jr. — who appeared to be oblivious to the carnage — bellowed at her that she wrecked his car two weeks ago and lamented that “ he has to pay for this now . ”
He has not been charged .
Gerdes changed her tune as she was hauled off to her arraignment yesterday , uncontrollably wailing to the cameras about the slain gardening enthusiast and mother of two .
“ I did n’t mean to do it . . .
I ’m so sorry , it was a mistake ! ” she screamed .
“ The car went out of control and I was pressing the brake and it would n’t go ! ”
During her outburst yesterday , Gerdes also admitted to popping pills .
“ I was on prescription drugs .
Leave me alone ! ” she said , sobbing , “ I ’m sorry ” over and over .
Gerdes ’ lawyer , John R. Lewis , said her statements to police about Wright did n’t paint the whole picture of how upset his client was after the wreck , which left a gaping hole in the victim ’s home .
“ She started crying , ‘ Oh , my God , is she a mother ? ’ ” he said .
Gerdes was held in lieu of $ 200,000 bond on manslaughter charges .
The van she was driving belongs to a roofing company she worked for .
Her boss , Steele , was driving at first , but Gerdes demanded to take the wheel because he was n’t going fast enough , police said .
“ We believe they switched because she was not satisfied with the way he was driving . . . [ Steele ] was n’t getting to court quickly enough , ” said Detective Sgt. John DeMartinis .
According to the criminal complaint , Gerdes looked unsteady on her feet and showed signs of impairment at the scene of the crash .
She seemed to be ranting wildly after the wreck and was heard yelling that the “ wheel came off , ” according to documents .
Steele ’s father said the teen worked as a “ bookkeeper ” at his son ’s roofing firm , even though her pals said she had not yet graduated from Freeport HS .
Steele ’s father , Brian Steele Sr. , said his son created a job for Gerdes because they were dating .
“ Because he wanted to [ sleep with ] her , he offered her a job , ” the elder Steele said .
Jamie Lee , 19 , a friend of Gerdes , said the “ whole situation ” surrounding the $ 20 - an - hour job “ was weird . ”
The younger Steele could not be reached for comment .
Prosecutors said Gerdes was arrested in February on drug charges in Florida .
Sources said she had two open drug cases in Nassau County .
Her lawyer , Lewis , said that the night before the crash , she was arrested for shoplifting .
Lewis said that although she was heading in the wrong direction for court , she was going to pick up her mother so they could attend the hearing together .
At one point , she gave her mom a call to say she was on the way .
Lewis said that Steele Jr. got on the phone and said : “ Do n’t worry about it .
I wo n’t let her drive . ”
After the hearing , Lewis said that Gerdes had been in rehab and was trying to fight her drug addiction .
“ I do know she was under the care of a doctor and she did have prescriptions , ” he said .
Police , however , could find no evidence of a prescription for OxyContin .
Her mom , Tara , said : “ I ’m very sorry for [ Wright ’s ] family after this terrible tragedy . ”
Neighbors at of the waterfront home where Gerdes lives with her mother and the mom ’s boyfriend said she was known for knocking on people ’s doors to bum cigarettes and asking to borrow neighbors ’ cars .
“ You could just see it on her face that she had big problems , ” a neighbor said .
“ Her mother has tried to put her into rehab , but it does n’t work . ”
Steele Sr. said that he asked his son why he would want the troubled girl in his life .
Junior said that after the wreck , Gerdes “ showed no remorse . ”
“ I asked my son , ‘ Did n’t she even try to stop ? ’
He said , ‘ She ’s cold as ice , ’ ” Steele Sr. said .
After the hearing , Wright ’s son , Chauncey Twine , called on the 18 - year - old to confess .
He also questioned why Steele let her drive .
“ I know the girl was intoxicated , but I still do n’t understand how a guy could give his keys to someone who is intoxicated to drive his car , ” he said .
“ It seems to me he should have some culpability . ”
Twine remembered his mom as “ really the kindest person you ’ll ever meet . ”
She was an intellectual who held a Ph.D. in zoology in addition to her medical degree .
“ It ’s just a total shock , ” Twine said .
“ I ca n’t even put words to the pain that my family is going through . ”
He also scoffed at Gerdes ’ plea for forgiveness .
“ To say you ’re sorry ?
Words are cheap , ” he said .
“ If you ’re truly sorry for what you did , then admit to your guilt . ”
We 've heard of penny stocks , but Thursday was ridiculous .
We already mentioned how Procter & Gamble plummeted .
Accenture ADRs briefly lost all their value Thursday as height of the Flash Crash , falling to one cent .
But they were n't the only ones .
Here are a few other stocks that fell to below one cent briefly Thursday , all of them at 2:48 ...
More than 20 percent of untreated water samples from 932 public wells across the nation contained at least one contaminant at levels of potential health concern , according to a new study by the U.S. Geological Survey .
About 105 million people -- or more than one - third of the nation 's population -- receive their drinking water from one of the 140,000 public water systems across the United States that rely on groundwater pumped from public wells
The USGS study focused primarily on source ( untreated ) water collected from public wells before treatment or blending rather than the finished ( treated ) drinking water that water utilities deliver to their customers .
" By focusing primarily on source - water quality , and by testing for many contaminants that are not regulated in drinking water , this USGS study complements the extensive monitoring of public water systems that is routinely conducted for regulatory and compliance purposes by federal , state and local drinking - water programs , " said Matthew C. Larsen , USGS Associate Director for Water .
" Findings assist water utility managers and regulators in making decisions about future monitoring needs and drinking - water issues . "
Findings showed that naturally occurring contaminants , such as radon and arsenic , accounted for about three - quarters of contaminant concentrations greater than human - health benchmarks in untreated source water .
Naturally occurring contaminants are mostly derived from the natural geologic materials that make up the aquifers from which well water is withdrawn .
Man -made contaminants were also found in untreated water sampled from the public wells , including herbicides , insecticides , solvents , disinfection by - products , nitrate , and gasoline chemicals .
Man -made contaminants accounted for about one - quarter of contaminant concentrations greater than human - health benchmarks , but were detected in 64 percent of the samples , predominantly in samples from unconfined aquifers .
advertisement
" Detections of contaminants do not necessarily indicate a concern for human health because USGS analytical methods can detect many contaminants at concentrations that are 100 - fold to 1,000 - fold lower than human - health benchmarks , " said lead scientist Patricia Toccalino .
" Assessing contaminants in these small amounts helps to track emerging issues in our water resources and to identify contaminants that may warrant inclusion in future monitoring . "
Scientists tested water samples for 337 properties and chemical contaminants , including nutrients , radionuclides , trace elements , pesticides , solvents , gasoline hydrocarbons , disinfection by - products and manufacturing additives .
This study did not assess pharmaceuticals or hormones .
Most ( 279 ) of the contaminants analyzed in this study are not federally regulated in finished drinking water under the Safe Drinking Water Act .
The USGS also sampled paired source and finished ( treated ) water from a smaller subset of 94 public wells .
Findings showed that many man-made organic contaminants detected in source water generally were detected in finished water at similar concentrations .
Organic contaminants detected in both treated and source water typically were detected at concentrations well below human - health benchmarks , however .
Additionally , the study shows that contaminants found in public wells usually co-occurred with other contaminants as mixtures .
Mixtures can be a concern because the total combined toxicity of contaminants in water may be greater than that of any single contaminant .
Mixtures of contaminants with concentrations approaching benchmarks were found in 84 percent of wells , but mixtures of contaminants above health benchmarks were found less frequently , in 4 percent of wells .
This USGS study identifies which contaminant mixtures may be of most concern in groundwater used for public - water supply and can help human - health researchers to target and prioritize toxicity assessments of contaminant mixtures .
The USGS report identifies the need for continued research because relatively little is known about the potential health effects of most mixtures of contaminants .
Wells included in this study are located in 41 states and withdraw water from parts of 30 regionally extensive aquifers , which constitute about one - half of the principal aquifers used for water supply in the United States .
Human - health benchmarks used in this study include U.S. Environmental Protection Agency Maximum Contaminant Levels for regulated contaminants and USGS Health - Based Screening Levels for unregulated contaminants , which are non-enforceable guidelines developed by the USGS in collaboration with the EPA and other water partners .
Treated drinking water from public wells is regulated under the Safe Drinking Water Act .
Water utilities , however , are not required to treat water for unregulated contaminants .
The EPA uses USGS information on the occurrence of unregulated contaminants to identify contaminants that may require drinking - water regulation in the future .
so my younger brother calls me up one night while i was downtown drinking , tells me a joke , and i lol'd .
JOIN MY FACEBOOK FANPAGE OR DON'T
Landmark Ruling Court Puts Pressure on Germany to Open Adolf Eichmann Files
Germany 's secret service has lost a court battle to keep secret thousands of potentially embarrassing files on Nazi criminal Adolf Eichmann .
Even though it remains unclear when and how many of the files will be opened , the ruling sets a precedent that could force Germany to reveal the full extent of collusion between West German authorities and fugitive Nazis half a century ago .
THE DELI LA'S
ARTIST OF THE MONTH POLL
[ for emerging artists ]
Ferrari are marking their 800th Grand Prix start this weekend with a special design on their engine covers .
Get a closer look at the design below along with other pictures from the pre-race weekend build - up at Istanbul .
2010 Turkish Grand Prix
Images ( C ) Ferrari spa , Renault / LAT , Getty Images / Red Bull , Lotus F1
Today we are very pleased to announce that we ’ve released Decoda , our Lua IDE ( Integrated Development Environment ) and debugger , as open source .
You can get the latest version of the source from GitHub and the Windows installer from the download page .
We created Decoda in 2007 just as we were starting work on Natural Selection 2 and getting our company off the ground .
Since Natural Selection 2 uses Lua heavily we realized that a complete IDE with an integrated debugger would be critical .
Although it was initially an internal tool , we quickly realized that other developers would benefit from Decoda as well .
To help fund our company , we productized Decoda and began selling through our website .
Over the years we ’ve licensed Decoda to many game studios and its revenue helped keep our company on stable ground even in some of the rockiest financial times .
Today , after the successful launch of Natural Selection 2 , we have the opportunity to re-evaluate our business strategy .
As a tool , Decoda is just as important for us as it was when we wrote the first line of code — our programmers use it every day in the continuing development of the game .
In fact , it ’s so important to us that we want it to improve faster than ever .
We intend to keep on developing Decoda , but we are most excited about what * you * can do to help make it the best IDE out there !
Max
PHILADELPHIA -- The Flyers ' farfetched comeback is nearly complete .
Michael Leighton stopped 30 shots in his first start in nearly two months to help streaking Philadelphia beat the Boston Bruins 2 - 1 on Wednesday night and force a seventh game in Boston on Friday night .
" It 's not always the easiest route , but we seem to find a way , " Flyers defenseman Chris Pronger said .
Philadelphia 's season appeared over after it lost the first three games of the series .
Not now .
The Flyers are on the brink of history -- and a spot in the Eastern Conference finals against Montreal .
The 1942 Toronto Maple Leafs and the 1975 New York Islanders are the only NHL teams to overcome 3 - 0 deficits to win a best - of - seven playoff series .
The Flyers are the first team to trail 3 - 0 and force a Game 7 since the ' 75 Islanders .
Mike Richards and Danny Briere scored for the Flyers .
Milan Lucic scored with a minute left for Boston .
" If you would have asked me before the series if it would go seven , I would have said yes , " Bruins defenseman Dennis Wideman said .
" No one thought we would win three straight to start the series . "
It was an even bigger reach to expect the Flyers to win the next three .
Richards , the Flyers ' captain , was stone faced discussing the significance of a Game 7 victory .
" It would mean we move on , " he said .
" We 're not worried about any of the other stuff .
We have n't really done much right now . "
Leighton was everything the Flyers wanted in his first start since he sprained his ankle March 16 .
Leighton 's injury paved the way for Brian Boucher to take over and all he did was lead the Flyers into the postseason as the No. 7 seed and an upset over New Jersey in the first round .
Boucher sprained the MCL in his left knee in Game 5 and the job again belonged to Leighton .
Boucher blew kisses to the crowd and fought back tears when he received a standing ovation from the orange - and - black diehards .
Boucher and Leighton combined for a 4 - 0 victory Monday night .
Leighton said all he wanted this postseason was to return as Boucher 's backup .
He 's done so much more -- nearly 95 shutout minutes to start the postseason .
" It 's kind of hard not to be nervous when you have that crowd going like that right at the beginning of the game , " Leighton said .
" It just took me a few minutes again just to get my feet . "
Boucher was about the only one saddened in Philly on this night .
The Wachovia Center felt at times like the setting for a classic rock concert .
Montreal - Pittsburgh served as the opening act , the Canadiens ' dominating win over the Flyers ' in - state rivals enough to put the crowd on an emotional edge .
Richards sent them over it .
He knocked in a rebound 6:58 into the game for his fifth goal of the playoffs , pushing the crowd into a frenzy .
The Flyers talked between Games 5 and 6 that all the momentum shifted their way -- and all the pressure was on Boston .
" I 'm sure the pressure is mounting even more , " Briere said .
Boston goalie Tuukka Rask surely felt the burden at 1 - 0 .
The Flyers were the aggressors early , putting quick pressure on Rask and keeping the crowd of 19,929 in the game .
Leighton calmed his early jitters when he took the puck right in his chest on a nice early save off Trent Whitfield 's short - handed breakaway shot .
" Everyone on the bench was rooting for him to score that goal , " Bruins coach Claude Julien said .
" That would have been a big goal for us . "
Instead , Briere delivered when he made it 2 - 0 on a power - play goal that deflected high off Rask 's shoulder .
Rask was solid in goal with 25 saves .
He made a nice glove save on Ville Leino 's penalty shot with 7:21 left in the third .
The Bruins just can't get any get any offense going -- no matter who 's in goal for the Flyers .
Boston had n't scored since Mark Recchi forced Game 4 into overtime on a goal with 31.5 seconds left in regulation until Lucic made it 2 - 1 .
" They really took it to us the first 10 minutes , " Julien said .
The Flyers had good reason to root for Montreal .
Philadelphia would have home - ice advantage with a series win .
This was only the 11th time in 162 tries that a team facing a 3 - 0 deficit forced a Game 6 .
They are the sixth team in 11 tries to play a Game 7 .
" Now that we 're here and now that we 've climbed all the way back in this series , we want it too , " Briere said .
" We have to realize that the last game will be the toughest to leave with . "
David Cameron and Nick Clegg published a seven - page document detailing the key policy agreements of Britain 's first peacetime coalition government since the 1930s .
The document is the first step towards a full coalition deal that will cover the five - year parliament .
The parties have reached agreement on the most difficult areas first and will address less contentious areas in the coming weeks .
In the initial document the parties have agreed :
• Reducing Britain's £ 163 bn fiscal deficit will be the first priority .
There will be a " significantly accelerated reduction " in the structural element of the deficit over the parliament .
• Tory plans to raise the threshold for inheritance tax to £ 1 m has been dropped .
Plans for a marriage tax break survive but the Lib Dems will be free to abstain .
• A cap on immigration will be imposed after the Lib Dems dropped their plans for earned citizenship for illegal immigrants .
• A referendum on the alternative vote system will be held .
• Tory plans to repatriate the social chapter from the EU have been dropped .
• Educational resources will be directed at disadvantaged pupils .
• A " freedom bill " or " great reform bill " will be introduced to scrap ID cards .
The new foreign secretary , William Hague , described the document earlier as " the best of the Lib Dems manifesto with the bulk of the Conservative manifesto " but the Lib Dems were said to be delighted that so many of their policies made it into the agreement .
Among them was taxing non-business capital gains at rates akin to income tax , meaning the level could raise from 18 % to 40 % , or even 50 % , likely to be of particular concern to owners of buy - to - let properties .
There is also a commitment to a substantial increase in the personal income tax allowance from April 2011 , with a long - term aim of raising the threshold to £ 10,000 in line with Lib Dem policy .
Nick Clegg promised a crackdown on bankers ' bonuses throughout the campaign and that is reflected by a pledge of " robust action to tackle unacceptable bonuses in the financial services sector " .
In return , the Conservatives have won backing for public expenditure cuts to non-frontline services to the tune of £ 6bn this year .
The Lib Dems had previously backed Labour in advocating holding off cuts until next year .
The new energy and climate change secretary , Chris Huhne , said public expenditure cuts were the issue on which the two parties had the widest gap , suggesting it was hard for the Lib Dems to swallow .
But he added : " I do n't think there was ever as much difference [ with the Conservatives ] on that issue , frankly , as was sometimes painted . "
And the agreement on cuts this year are " subject to advice from the Treasury and the Bank of England on their feasibility and advisability " .
The Lib Dems will be allowed to abstain on any vote implementing the recommendations of the Browne report on higher education funding ( ie higher tuition fees ) if they disagree with them .
The agreement contains a Lib Dem manifesto pledge to scrap compulsory retirement ages and there will also be a review to set the date at which the state pension age starts to rise to 66 , although it will not be sooner than 2016 for men and 2020 for women .
It also promises : " We will restore the earnings link for the basic state pension from April 2011 with a ' triple guarantee ' that pensions are raised by the higher of earnings , prices or 2.5 % , as proposed by the Liberal Democrats . "
The document confirmed the parties had agreed to a fixed five - year term parliament but with a proviso that it could be dissolved earlier if 55 % ( in effect all Lib Dem and Tory MPs ) voted earlier , and the proposals from the Wright committee for the reform of Commons procedure will be implemented in full .
They have also agreed to a commission to address the " West Lothian question " – the fact that Scottish , Welsh and Northern Irish MPs can vote on issues that affect England despite English MPs not having the same rights over their regions , which are now governed by assemblies .
While it will be no surprise that there is no provision for an amnesty ( or route to citizenship , as the Lib Dems labelled it in their manifesto ) for illegal immigrants , given Tory attacks on the plans during the election campaign , a much - criticised Labour policy that the Lib Dems had promised to scrap , the detention of children for immigration purposes , is to be ended .
The document states both parties ' manifesto commitment not to allow a third runway at Heathrow , which put both of them at odds with Labour .
On Europe , seen to be a potential flashpoint between the parties , there is an agreement on " no further transfer of sovereignty or powers over the course of the next parliament " .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
All of a sudden , steel - cut oatmeal is everywhere .
Within blocks of MoJo‘s San Francisco headquarters , it ’s sold at upscale touristy cafes and chain places like Starbucks and Jamba Juice .
Hard to resist , since I a ) am a sucker for fancy toppings ( warm apple compote , anyone ? ) and b ) find the texture and flavor of steel - cut oatmeal far superior to that of the boring quick oats I keep at my desk :
Steel - cut oatmeal is chewier and , to my taste , slightly toastier than the instant stuff .
The problem is that the prepared version is pricey and overpackaged : usually around $ 3 for a small paper container with a lid .
Dry steel - cut oats are cheaper and require less packaging , but they take 20 minutes to cook , which is n’t really feasible at the office .
Looking for an excuse to indulge in the tasty stuff once in a while , I decided to do some research :
Is there any evidence that steel - cut oatmeal is more nutritious and / or better for the planet than instant rolled oatmeal ?
Proponents of diets based on the glycemic index often claim that steel - cut oats have a lower glycemic load than rolled oats , meaning they ’re less likely to cause a blood - sugar spike .
But this side - by - side comparison of 40 grams of Quaker steel - cut and rolled quick oats would suggest that nutritionally , the two are pretty identical ( though mysteriously , the quick oats have slighly more fat than the steel - cut oats ) .
On the environmental front , things get a little more complicated .
Obviously , the take - out packaging is a major concern .
But let ’s say I stop being lazy and wake up early enough make my own steel - cut oats at home : Quaker Oats spokeswoman Candace Mueller explained to me that the only difference in how the two kinds of oats are produced is in the very last step :
Once they ’re cleaned and dehulled , the oats get cut .
After that , steel - cut oats are all done , but rolled oats go on to get flattened ( the flatter the oat the quicker it cooks ) and steamed in rollers .
A 2009 study ( pdf ) conducted by Unilever and the NewZealand research group AgResearch found that rolling and steaming is by far the most energy - intensive part of the oat milling process — about 19 times moreso than the second most costly step , which is dehulling .
“ So from a pure manufacturing standpoint , ” Mueller says , “ just cutting uses less energy . ”
But Mueller also points out that since steel - cut oats are thicker , they require about 20 minutes of simmering on a stovetop , while thin instant rolled oatmeal takes only a minute .
“ If you look at total energy to the point of consumption , I would expect that based on our more efficient precooking as part of rolling ( we add water and steam during rolling ) versus stovetop , rolling is more efficient , ” says Mueller .
That could be true , if the plant actually is very efficient , says Helene York , a food journalist and director of Bon Appétit Management Company , the sustainable catering group responsible for this cool food emissions calculator .
“ Twenty minutes in a highly efficient plant could actually use less fossil fuel energy ( and cause fewer emissions ) than one minute at home if the heating source at home were n’t efficient , ” says York .
But she points out there are other concerns , too :
Is cleaning the kettle at home more or less efficient than cleaning the rollers ?
And which scenario creates more wasted oatmeal ?
Bottom line : Nutritionally and environmentally speaking , steel - cut and instant rolled oats are pretty darn similar .
“ Because oatmeal is n’t a food with a high global warming potential , then it ’s fair to assume that the differences probably do n’t matter much , ” says York .
The good news is that compared to other breakfast foods , oatmeal looks like a veritable saint :
As I reported in a previous Econundrum , its environmental impact is dwarfed by that of breakfasts that include eggs or meat .
Oatmeal ’s arguably healthier , too , since it ’s lower in cholesterol and fat and higher in fiber than eggs and meat .
( Cue Wilford Brimley . )
The choice is up to you
Keeping you ignorant
Change your decisions and you 'll change your life
( Natural News )
The drug industry is constantly trying to convince you that drugs are good for your health while nutritional supplements and healthy foods are somehow bad for you .
This same line of nonsense is also repeated by the FDA , which goes out of its way to censor the truth about the healing properties of natural foods like walnuts , cherries and berries .
( http://www.anh-usa.org/wp-content/uploads/20...
The drug industry and the FDA are , of course , just plain wrong about all this .
Although their advertisements show happy , healthy people taking pharmaceuticals , in the , people who take their drugs are extremely unhealthy , depressed and highly toxic .
But do n't take my word for it :
Check out the people walking in and out of pharmacies versus the people who visit health food stores : •
People who visittend to have toxic livers , poor kidney function ( because drugs damage the kidneys ) , wild mood swings , terrible digestion and elimination capabilities , poor skin health , poor posture , low energy , sleep disorders and sexual dysfunction .
They tend to be suicidal while living in chronic pain .
They have huge medical expenses that often send them into bankruptcy . •
People who visittend to have healthy skin , happier outlooks , better energy , better sex lives , healthy sleep , healthy hearts , healthy liver function and greatly improved brain function .
They are more creative , adaptable and optimistic , and they tend to enjoy their lives .
They spend relatively little on health care expenses while investing their money in organic foods , green products , medicinal herbs and nutritional supplements .
Which group would you prefer to join ?
You can choose either one by deciding what to put in ( or on ) your body .
If you choose to contaminate your body with pharmaceuticals and medications , you will experience increased liver and kidney toxicity , reduced cognitive function , skin health problems , sexual dysfunction , mood disorders and other such problems .
On the other hand , if you choose to nourish your body with superfoods , organic products , healing herbs and nutritional supplements , you will experience a more healthful and joyful life with improved brain function and memory , healthy skin , stable moods , abundant energy , restful sleep and healthy fertility , among other benefits .
The pharmaceutical industry wants you to choose their drugs , of course , and they do n't care what happens to your health and happiness as a result .
In fact , the worse your health gets after taking their drugs , The side effects of one drug become the " disease " that 's treated by another drug , so it 's all great for repeat business !
What the drug industry and the FDA absolutely do NOT want you to learn is that .
If you really knew the truth about what these items can do to protect your health and cure degenerative disease , you 'd probably never take another chemical pill in your life .
That 's why the FDA works so hard to censor nutritional supplements and make sure they can't make truthful , scientifically - validated claims on their labels .
( http://www.anh-usa.org/tell-the-fda-that-che...
The FDA has even gone after healing foods .
The scientific literature says conclusively that .
It 's the natural result of eating the healthy plant - based oils in the walnuts .
The FDA , however , has threatened walnut companies with fines and imprisonment for merelythat describe the health benefits of walnuts .
This is how the FDA keeps people in the dark and achieves its agenda of censoring the truth about foods and supplements while promoting toxic pharmaceuticals that keep the drug companies in business .
It 's up to you to determine how the rest of your life will be experienced .
If you continue to find yourself standing in line at the local pharmacy , or if you look in your medicine cabinet and notice a half - dozen prescriptions , let that be .
These drugs will never give you health or happiness .
They will never create the life you 're truly looking for .
Instead , take a walk to the other side of the street .
Walk into a health food store .
Ask the friendly staff how to get started with healthy living .
These people are incredibly helpful , by the way , so do n't be afraid to ask questions .
Spend your money at the health food store instead of the pharmacy and your entire life will improve as a result .
As you improve your physical health , your brain health will get better , too , and you 'll notice life getting better in many ways : Improved relationships , enhanced career ( because having a healthy mind improves your job performance , too ! ) , improved self image , increased stamina and much more .
You 'll sleep better , eat better , think better , poop better and feel better .
Everything your body is supposed to do naturally will simply work better as you .
You can embrace those laws by visiting practically any health food store and taking advantage of the remarkable health - enhancing products they carry .
So find your local health food store and give them a visit !
I even support Whole Foods , too .
I realize there has been some controversy about Whole Foods , but compared to all the other grocery stores , Whole Foods has achieved some astounding accomplishments .
I 'm glad Whole Foods is successful , because I sure would n't want to go back to shopping at some conventional ( toxic ) grocery store , would you ?
Remember , -- both in terms of what industries you support as well as what health outcome you will create .
If you invest your dollars in natural health products , you will get a healthy result .
So the next time you have a choice between pharmaceuticals versus healing foods , walk over to the health food store and Be sure to view the CounterThink Cartoon on this topic here : https://www.naturalnews.com/028789_pharmacies...
You can view the entire collection of CounterThink Cartoons at : https://www.naturalnews.com/Index-Cartoons.ht...
" Even the day before she fled the house , she still helped the family pick vegetables .
She must have gone back to the forest and we still cannot find her . "
The dramatic reappearance and attempted reintegration of the " jungle girl " has gripped Cambodia , where she is also known as the " half - animal girl " because of her hunched appearance and the fact she makes animal noises rather than speaking .
The Strange True Story of the Tech World 's Favorite Put -Down .
Technology , in case you had n’t noticed , is a topic that inspires passion .
When people like stuff , they tend to really like it .
And many tech enthusiasts have trouble dealing with people whose tastes differ from theirs .
Praise a product or company online , and you run the risk of being accused of being a sycophant who suffers from obsessive interest and inappropriate emotional attachment .
Except nobody will use those words .
What they ’ll call you is a fanboy .
The odds of the word coming up are highest if the conversation involves Apple and its products , but it ’s a handy , all - purpose insult .
Consider these snippets of recent conversation on the Web :
“ You Apple fanboys keep drinking the Kool - Aid … ”
“ Wow , listen to all the Android fanboys ! ”
“ I am not some loser fanboy … ”
“ Sucks to be a Windoze fanboi … ”
“ Surely with all the fanboy talk of how important the iDiotPhone is , it should be on the list … ”
“ Big ego , small brain .
Typical fanboy ! ”
“ You ’re nothing but an Adobe fanboi … ”
“ Stop being a lousy fanboy who knows nothing but what Stevie tells you . ”
“ You Apple haters are worse than any Apple fanboy I ’ve ever met , and just as stupid . ”
These examples all come from messages posted at PCWorld.com ’s forums over the past few weeks , but they could have originated almost anywhere that technology gets discussed .
“ Fanboy ” is everywhere –the New York Times uses it ( albeit politely ) , and so does the Christian Science Monitor .
And while it ’s often meant to mock , it ’s also worn as a badge of honor :
There ’s a Fanboy.com , a Macfanboy.com , a Sonyfanboy.com , a Nintendofanboy.com , and a Googlefanboy.com .
We even have a president who has both been called a fanboy and accused of inspiring fanboyism .
For a simple compound of two one - syllable English words , “ fanboy ” has surprisingly rich , colorful connotations .
I asked my Twitter pals for their definitions and got some cogent answers :
@scadbury fanboy - someone who is absolutely , fanatically subjective to a brand and emphatically disregards any opposing views .
@baznet Fanboys are two steps above aficionado , and one step below crazed jagweed
@stanitarium A product evangelist exaggerating benefits of said product at the cost of admitting benefits of a competitor .
@darth definition of fanboy : that guy who disagrees with me
@danfrakes
A term a tech writer uses to preemptively discredit anyone who disagrees .
All slightly different–and all correct .
Origin of the Species
I ’m fascinated by “ fanboy ” – but it ’s not a word I use much .
Somewhere along the line , I developed a live - and - let - live attitude towards technology enthusiasm .
Go ahead and like whatever you like –it ’s just fine with me .
I was n’t always so blasé , though .
Thirty years or so ago , I was a high - school student and user of Radio Shack ’s TRS - 80 computers who found Apple II owners snobby , cliquish , and possibly slightly dimwitted .
I would have accused them of being fanboys in a millisecond .
if the phrase “ Apple fanboy ” had been coined yet .
But it had n’t .
Oddly enough , I was one of a smallish group of people who had already been exposed to the word “ fanboy . ”
Long before the word entered the tech lexicon , comic - book collectors like me were flinging it around .
People with a normal interest in comics–say , one similar to your own–were fans .
Those who went overboard were fanboys .
That much I knew before I began research for this article .
I did n’t know , however , just how “ fanboy ” entered the language in the first place .
It ’s an interesting story , but you wo n’t find it in the dictionary .
The word is there–in fact , when Merriam - Webster added it in 2008 , numerous celebratory news stories marked the fact .
But everybody was so tickled that they failed to notice that Merriam - Webster ’s definition stunk .
A fanboy , that dictionary says , is “ a boy who is an enthusiastic devotee ( as of comics or movies ) . ”
As anyone who ’s either been called a fanboy or called someone else one knows , the boy part is n’t a reference to youth .
More often , it ’s a taunt , suggesting that the person in question is goofy and childish .
Fanboys come in all ages , and fanboyism is n’t the exclusive preserve of males .
Merriam - Webster ’s entry says that “ fanboy ” dates to 1919 – the same year specified by the Oxford English Dictionary , which quotes a newspaper ’s reference to baseball “ fan boys . ”
The second reference to fanboys identified by the OED occurred in 1985 .
Sorry , professional etymologists , you blew it .
The 1919 reference has little to do with the current , less - than - complimentary word , since it did , in fact , simply mean “ youthful male fan . ”
And fanboys did n’t inexplicably go into hibernation for sixty - six years .
To understand the origins of “ fanboy , ” you do n’t need to go back to 1919 … but you do need to start earlier than 1985 .
Try 1973 – when a handful of copies of a fanzine were distributed at a Chicago comics convention .
The zine was credited to two fans who took Marvel Comics , the work of Frank Frazetta , and other matters a wee bit too seriously , Alfred Judson and Bill Beasley .
And its name was Fanboy .
Judson and Beasley were quite literally the prototypical fanboys .
They also happened to be fictional characters , the creations of Jay Lynch and Glenn Bray .
Lynch was the one who gave the publication its name .
Even if Lynch had n’t had anything to do with identifying and naming fanboys , his significance as a shaper of American culture is sizable : he ’s been a prominent underground cartoonist and publisher , one of the uncredited subversive masterminds responsible for Topps ’ Wacky Packages and Garbage Pail Kids , and ( most recently ) a children ’s book author .
Lynch got “ fanboy ” from an earlier put - down .
“ Funboy ” was a relic of his Florida youth which popped up often in Bill Killeen ’s Charlatan , a 1960s humor magazine with early work by Lynch and other soon - to - be leading lights of underground comics : Fan+funboy=fanboy .
Lynch coined the word and drew the cover in 1972 , although the fanzine was n’t photocopied and distributed until 1973 .
In the tech world , fanboy is a word that ’s often meant to sting .
Lynch says it was n’t that way originally : “ It was meant to be disparaging only in the way that Ray Nelson ’s propeller beanie as the official hat of fandom was meant to be disparaging , ” he explains .
“ Disparaging …. but in a loving way . ”
“ Fanboy ” sprung from comics culture , but Lynch intended it to apply to a mindset rather than a specific hobby from the start .
In fact , the magazine ’s cover poked fun at disciples of Tarzan creator Edgar Rice Burroughs–a class of overserious fan distinct from comics collectors .
“ In the early days we used it not exclusively with comics … .
We also called sci - fi folks fanboys , ” Lynch remembers . ” What it had to do with was that it was applied to people who were caught up in fantasy ( as in superhero comics ) rather than in reality ( as in satire comics ) . ”
The first printing of Fanboy just barely got distributed : Lynch says the press run was eleven copies .
Two revised printings later in the 1970s also had minuscule circulations .
Which is why Fanboy , in any of its editions , is a rare and prized collectible .
( I have a good excuse for knowing nothing about Fanboy or Jay Lynch at the time : I was eight years old .
But boy , was I ever already a fan of his Wacky Packages . )
In 2009 , Lynch was moved to tell the tale of Fanboy and “ fanboy ” in a limited - edition trading card ; here are its front and back ( copyright ( c ) 2009 Jay Lynch ) .
Fanboy the magazine may have had a readership in the low dozens , but Lynch says that “ from the time it was published it became part of the language of most of the cartoonists I knew . ” One of the people who latched onto the term was Lynch ’s friend Robert Crumb–the most legendary underground cartoonist of them all .
After visiting Lynch in Chicago in 1976 , Crumb traveled to New York and signed a contract to do a strip starring his character Mr. Natural for The Village Voice , the nation ’s best - known alternative weekly .
A few panels into the first Voice sequence , the bearded guru called an obsequious admirer a fanboy .
As comics historian Bhob Stewart has said , the term “ spread from there into various tributaries of the mainstream . ”
Two uses I know I saw came in 1982 , by which time I was a comic - book store habitué and quietly contemptuous of Apple II devotees .
Bill Griffith , creator of Zippy the Pinhead , drew a cover for Jay Kennedy ’s Official Underground and Newave Comix Guide :
It showed Zippy peering in on a group of scarily obsessed comics collectors wearing “ Fan Boys of America ” shirts .
In the same year , cartoonist / fans Jim Engel and Chuck Fiala produced Fandom Confidential , a satirical collection of fumetti ( comic strips using photos instead of illustrations ) starring themselves .
In one panel , superstar X - Men artist John Byrne–sort of the Steve Jobs of early 1980s comic books–calls the fawning pair “ fanboys in bondage ” ( both an early fanboy reference and a Monty Python allusion ) .
In these and other comics - related usages , “ fanboy ” remained gently satirical , not surly and accusatory .
“ ‘ Fanboy ’ was n’t a mocking term applied to comic fans by non-comic fans , it was a distinction between one type of fan and another , ” remembers Engel .
“ Actual ‘ fanboys ’ then sort of adopted the term in that self - mocking ‘ I ’ll make fun of myself before you make fun of me ’ way .
Fandom Confidential was certainly me making fun of fandom , but at the same time , being an actual fan of the type I was making fun of . ”
In the late 1980s and early 1990s , I hung out in the animation and comics forum of pioneering online community BIX , an offshoot of BYTE magazine .
I have thousands of BIX posts salted away on my hard drive , so I can confirm that we used the word “ fanboy ” often–but usually in a genteel fashion .
( In one 1991 post , I brought it up–using it in quotes , as if I was n’t quite sure it was a real word–and wondered who ’d invented it . )
By then , I owned an Amiga computer , and was prone to prickliness when users of Atari ’s ST line fatheadedly contended that their machines were superior to mine .
But it still did n’t occur to me to call them fanboys .
Fanboyism , Meet Tech
Geeks have been pop-culture fans–maybe even fanboys –for as long as there have been computers .
Literally : Konrad Zuse , who has as good a claim on having invented the computer as anyone , was a member of a King Kong fan club in 1930s Berlin .
So you might assume that the word “ fanboy ” would have quickly become part of the tech lexicon .
It did n’t .
As I researched this article , I scoured the Net for evidence that any irate person called any aficionado of any computing platform a fanboy prior to the 1990s .
So far , I ’ve failed .
Search the Classic Computer Magazine Archive , home to thousands of articles from 1980s tech magazines , and you get zero results for “ fanboy . ”
Google Groups ’ archive of the popular 1980s USENET newsgroup net . micro also comes up empty .
Judging from Google Groups , “ fanboy ” did n’t start to crop up as a tech - related put - down until the mid-1990s .
( Here ’s a pioneering 1996 reference to “ Bill Gates fanboys , ” in an exemplary USENET flame that also compares Microsoft ’s co-founder to Stalin and Mao . )
Even then , though , it was n’t the pervasive , reflexive jibe it would become .
As my friend Steven Gray , senior copy editor at PCWorld , pointed out to me , 1996 ’s New Hacker Dictionary Third Edition discusses the ties between fandom and hackerdom and defines several fan - related terms–but does n’t mention “ fanboy . ”
“ Fanboy ” had been around for close to a quarter century by that point , but it remained a comics / sci - fi inside joke .
It was , however , in the process of infiltrating the mass media .
The 1995 Warner Bros. TV cartoon Freakazoid ! , for instance , featured Fanboy , Freakazoid ’s self - appointed sidekick–and a walking , talking definition of “ fanboy . ”
In 1999 , Mark Evanier and Sergio Aragonés created a six - issue miniseries for DC about a Fanboy named Finster–and while Evanier says it sold a whole lot better overseas than it did in the U.S. , it reached a vastly larger audience than Jay Lynch and Glenn Bray ’s Fanboy .
Since then , Fanboys have continued to multiply like , well , Tribbles .
Two film comedies have been titled Fanboys : A 2003 New Zealand short and a 2009 U.S. feature .
Both involve Star Wars maniacs attempting to steal pre-release prints of 1999 ’s Episode I : The Phantom Menace .
Barry Lyga ’s young - people ’s novel The Astonishing Adventures of Fanboy and Goth Girl was published in 2007 ; Nickelodeon currently airs a CGI series called Fanboy and Chum Chum .
Such references both reflected growing interest in the concept of fanboyism and introduced more people to it .
Here ’s visible proof of its rise to prominence–a Google Insights graph showing the volume of searches for the word “ fanboy ” from 2004 ( when it amounted to a trickle ) to the end of 2009 ( when it reached new heights ) .
As “ fanboy ” has become a household term–at least among fans–its use in tech - related debate has exploded over the past half - decade or so .
You ’re most at risk of being dubbed a fanboy if you ’re say anything nice about Apple ; for all of the company ’s success , there are still scads of people who instinctively dismiss its customers as irrational cultists .
Chatter about gaming consoles is also rife with references , and no platform is immune–apparently , advocates of the PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 , and Wii are all nothing more than fanboys .
Judging from my Google searches , though , a surprisingly wide array of major brands spawn a meaningful number of fanboy references , good or bad .
My takeaway here ?
“ Fanboy ” is a compliment–even when it ’s slung as invective .
It ’s not evidence that your customers are delusional worshipers of crud .
Most often , it ’s a sign that you ’ve managed to make products that are good enough to make a critical mass of folks really happy–so much so that it drives unbelievers bonkers .
The time to worry , then , is when nobody thinks your users are fanboys .
Heads up , RadioShack : the fact that the phrase “ RadioShack fanboy ” is virtually unknown is not a good sign .
Another conclusion :
After having read a few hundred instances of “ fanboy ” references during research for this article , it ’s clear to me that the word has lost whatever potency it might once have had as an insult .
It ’s too much of a cliché , too inappropriately dismissive , too likely to be tossed in as an ad hominem attack by someone who shows signs of extreme fanboyism himself .
“ I hate the term ‘ fanboy ’ now , ” laments early adopter Jim Engel .
“ Not because I feel made fun of , but because it ’s used most by the worst examples of fanboys . ”
On the other hand , the sillier , more satirical use of the word , as established in Jay Lynch and Glenn Bray ’s 1973 fanzine , remains appealing .
Long may it wave–and may dictionaries get the story of “ fanboy ” straight .
All of which left me wondering :
Is the guy who coined the word “ fanboy ” a tech fanboy of any sort ?
“ Of course I am a Mac person , ” Lynch told me .
“ But over the years Mac gets more and more like Windows .
Its main saving grace is that there are no Mac viruses .
The minute one shows up , though … .
I will get me a Dell notebook and not hackintosh it . ”
Spoken like a true non-fanboy .
( Thanks to Jay Lynch , Jim Engel , Steven Gray , Bhob Stewart , and Steven Rowe for their help with this article . )
Read more :
Jody Schoger felt utterly alone , " curled up like a turtle " in her hospital bed , where she was fighting a life - threatening infection after breast cancer surgery .
" I remember never even opening the blinds , just hibernating , " says Schoger , of The Woodlands , Texas .
" I even started sleeping with the blankets pulled over my head .
I was at the edge of the world . "
Like many people with serious illness , Schoger found herself cut off from family , friends and the " real " world outside the hospital , which began to feel like another planet .
Although many people would have been happy to help , Schoger says she never thought to call them .
And while the hospital was filled with doctors , nurses and other patients , Schoger -- facing her own mortality -- felt very much alone .
As her story suggests , the pain of loneliness is caused less by being alone than by feeling alone , says John Cacioppo , director of the University of Chicago 's Center for Cognitive and Social Neuroscience .
Researchers are studying the causes and health effects of loneliness -- both on the body and mind -- in the hope of helping individuals and communities remain healthy and connected .
Lonely people tend to have higher blood pressure and weaker immune systems , he says .
Loneliness may even affect our genes .
In lonely people , genes that promote inflammation are more active , while genes that reduce inflammation are less active , he says .
Considering how humans evolved , it makes sense that feeling alone gives people stress , Cacioppo says .
Humans evolved to depend on one another .
Those who fail to connect with others are more likely to die without passing on their genes , Cacioppo says .
In many ways , he says , the drive to avoid being alone is as strong as the need to alleviate hunger , thirst and pain .
The desire for companionship -- and the fear of being ostracized -- even motivates people to behave better , Cacioppo says .
" Loneliness is a biological process that contributes to being better social members of our species , " he says .
" Think about what happens when you give a toddler a timeout .
You basically make them feel lonely .
Then they come back and are more likely to share , to be generous , to take the perspective of the other . "
Scientists do n't really know the effects , however , of longer periods of enforced isolation , such as solitary confinement , says Cacioppo , who is interviewed in a new National Geographic Channel " Explorer " episode that premieres Sunday .
Former inmate Josue Gonzales says it was hard to readjust to being in crowds after his October release from the Colorado State Penitentiary .
Gonzales served nearly a decade in prison , with about half of that in solitary , after stealing a car and breaking into a house .
" At first , when I got out , I did n't even want to go to the restaurant that my family wanted to take me to , " says Gonzales , 29 , who also appears in the " Explorer " episode .
" There were so many people in there .
Then I got in there and sat down , and I got nervous and started shaking . "
But psychologist Peter Suedfeld , professor emeritus at the University of British Columbia in Vancouver , notes that interviews with veterans of solitary confinement can be misleading .
That 's partly because people sent to solitary confinement are likely to be very different from other people .
The only definitive experiment , Cacioppo says , would be to randomly assign half of prisoners selected for solitary confinement to return to the general prison while allowing the rest to proceed to solitary as planned .
That would allow researchers to compare how the two groups change over time , if at all , and to determine whether those changes were the result of solitary confinement or something else .
Gonzales , who now lives in Pueblo , Colo. , recently got married and is looking for work .
He says he 's trying to rebuild his social connections .
And Schoger -- who has been cancer - free for 12 years -- says she sometimes finds support in unexpected ways .
" If any survivor posts something onto Twitter or Facebook that they 're ' having a hard day , ' I can bet you 10 to 1 that he or she is surrounded by good wishes by day 's end , " she says .
" Yet the survivor , the one who is ill , has to be willing to take that step .
Once he or she does , the burden of illness and its perceived isolation fades away . "
Explore further People not always needed to alleviate loneliness
( c ) 2010 , USA Today .
Distributed by McClatchy - Tribune Information Services .
If you feel like going through the process of typing in your PIN every time you unlock your iPhone is worth it thanks to the unconquerable security it implies , you might want to read this report from Bernd Marienfeldt about the chosen one 's security model .
Yes , a PIN will keep casual users from picking up your phone and making a call with it , or firing off an e-mail to your co-workers saying that you 're quitting and becoming an exotic dancer , but it wo n't keep someone from accessing all your data .
Bernd and fellow security guru Jim Herbeck have discovered that plugging even a fully up - to - date , non-jailbroken iPhone 3GS into a computer running Ubuntu Lucid Lynx allows nearly full read access to the phone 's storage -- even when it 's locked .
The belief is that they 're just a buffer overflow away from full write access as well , which would surely open the door to making calls .
Bernd believes the iPhone 's lack of data encryption for content is a real problem , and also cites the inability to digitally sign e-mails as reasons why the iPhone is still not ready for prime time in the enterprise .
[ Thanks , Amit ]
2010 Data Breach Timeline
Interactive Timeline to Breaches Involving U.S. Financial Institutions
Editor 's Note :
The following is a list of data breaches that have affected U.S. financial institutions in 2010 .
The information was compiled from the 2010 Data Breach Report by the Identity Theft Resource Center ( ITRC ) , based in San Diego .
List of Reported Breaches
January
First Interstate Mortgage Corp .
Las Vegas , NV
Records Taken : 230
Type of Breach : Missing paper documents
January 26
See Also : Live Webinar | App Defined , Autonomous and Delivered from the Cloud
Gregory Navone , a mortgage broker in Las Vegas who discarded consumers ' personal financial records in a publicly - accessible dumpster paid a $ 35,000 civil penalty to
settle Federal Trade Commission charges according to a FTC statement on January 21 .
According to an FTC , the defendant improperly disposed of about 40 boxes of sensitive consumer records collected by companies he had owned , including tax returns , mortgage applications , bank statements , photocopies of credit cards and drivers ' licenses , and at least 230 credit reports .
Lincoln National Financial Securities
Radnor , PA
Records Taken : 1,200,000
Type of Breach : Exposure of data on Web
January 14
A vulnerability in the portfolio information system for broker - dealer subsidiaries of Lincoln National Corp. potentially exposed the records of 1,200,000 people ; 18,900 were New Hampshire residents .
Lincoln National notified the Attorney General of New Hampshire on January 4 , that although an outside forensic review found no reason to believe that client data were actually accessed or misused , " information such as names , addresses , Social Security numbers , account numbers , account registration , transaction details , account balances , and in some cases , dates of birth and email addresses had been potentially exposed . "
Suffolk County National Bank
Long Island , NY
Records Taken : 8,300
Type of Breach : Outside Network intrusion
January 13
Hackers stole the login credentials for more than 8,300 customers of Suffolk County National Bank after breaching its security starting on Nov. 18 , 2009 and accessing a server that hosted its online banking system .
The intrusion happened over a six - day period and was discovered on December 24 during an internal security review .
In all , credentials 8,378 online accounts were pilfered , a number that represents less than
10 percent of the bank 's total accounts .
Eastern Bank Corp .
Lynn , MA
Records Taken : 2,500
Type of Breach : Accidental breach
January 4
Eastern Bank Corp. of Lynn , MA disclosed in September 2009 that it mailed financial data regarding about 2,500 customers to the wrong addresses .
Bank spokesperson Joe Bartolotta , says the bank welcomed the new Massachusetts state law requiring strong data security measures .
Citizens Bank , Bank of America
Quincy , Milton , Braintree , Somerville , Saugus , Mass .
Records taken : Unknown
Type of Attack : ATM Skimming
January 22
The Secret Service broke up a ring of ATM skimmers in Massachusetts with the arrest of three suspects .
Authorities charged Anton Venkov , Vladislav Vladev and Ivaylo Hristov with skimming bank cards .
The three stole debit and credit card data and PIN numbers by placing scanner devices and hidden cameras in ATM machines at several locations .
Authorities believe they have stolen at least $ 100,000 from customers at Citizens Bank and Bank of America and this gang is responsible for most of the recent ATM thefts in eastern Massachusetts .
February
Wachovia Bank
Alexandria , VA
Records Taken : Unknown
Type of Breach : Skimming
Date : February 28
Criminals in Alexandria , VA , stole more than $ 60,000 using a skimming device installed on an ATM at a Wachovia Bank branch last month .
The skimming device was found by an ATM technician on February 28 .
The technician took photos of the device and then went inside the bank to report it , says Alexandria police detective David Hoffmaster .
By the time the technician came back , the device had been removed .
US Bank
Norwood , OH
Records Taken : 120
Type of Breach : Skimming
Date : February 27
An ATM skimming gang hit a Norwood , Ohio bank and stole $ 50,000 from more than 120 customer accounts .
Norwood police say they are looking for four men who used a skimming device to steal customers ' ATM card information from a US Bank ATM .
Police say the skimmer was put on the bank 's ATM on the weekend of February 27 and removed before March 22 .
The suspects apparently waited a week to begin taking money from the accounts .
Citi Group
New York , NY
Records Taken : 600,000
Type of Breach : Accidental breach
February 26
About 600,000 Citigroup customers got a shock in February when they received their annual tax documents - with their Social Security numbers printed on the outside of the envelope .
CitiGroup states that the numbers were surrounded by other numbers and letters " that resembled a mailing routing number . "
At least 50 of the customers have complained about the gaffe to Citi .
Â
LPL Financial Corp .
San Diego , CA
Records Taken : Unknown
Type of Breach : Stolen or missing hardware
DATE : February 24
LPL Financial Corp. says that an unencrypted portable drive was stolen out of an employee 's vehicle on February 24 .
The financial services company informed the New Hampshire Attorney General that the portable drive contained names , date of birth and Social Security numbers .
Â
SunTrust Banks ,
Hillsborough , FL
Records Taken : Unknown
Type of Breach : Skimming
February 24
According to a federal complaint filed in Florida four Bulgarian men put " skimmers " on ATM machines at SunTrust banks in Hillsborough and Pinellas counties last summer and skimmed identifying information on hundreds of bank accounts .
One of the men has been arrested , the other three are still at large , say police .
ING Fund
Scottsdale , AZ
Records Taken : 106
Type of Breach : Exposure of data on Web
February 18
On January 25 , an ING customer discovered that she could access client information on the ingfunds.com web site and notified her stockbroker .
In investigating the situation , ING discovered that since August 2008 , a file containing the names , addresses , Social Security numbers , and account numbers of 106 ING shareholders had been available on the web through a search engine .
The company notified the New Hampshire Attorney General on February 3 that 17 residents of the state were affected .
Ameriquest Mortgage
Minneapolis , MN
Records Taken : 100
Type of Breach : Insider Theft
February 2
A man who worked for Ameriquest Mortgage Company for 6 weeks stole enough mortgage application information to steal nearly 100 people 's identities .
According to the federal indictment against him , Jason Tauer , a Robbinsdale , MN resident worked for Ameriquest from March 15 through April 29 , 2005 .
Only a few months later , money began disappearing from Ameriquest customers ' bank accounts and credit card accounts .
In all , Tauer stole $ 150,000 from his victims .
Wachovia Bank
Alexandria , Va .
Records taken : Unknown
Type of Attack : ATM Skimming
February 28
Criminals in Alexandria , Va , stole more than $ 60,000 using a skimming device installed on an ATM at a Wachovia Bank branch .
The skimming device was found by an ATM technician on Feb. 28 .
The technician took photos of the device and then went inside the bank to report it , says Alexandria police detective David Hoffmaster .
By the time the technician came back , the skimming device had been removed .
U.S. Bank
Norwood , Ohio
Records taken : 120
Type of Attack : ATM Skimming
February 27
An ATM skimming gang hit a Norwood bank and stole $ 50,000 from more than 120 customer accounts .
Norwood police say they are looking for four men who used a skimming device to steal customers ' ATM card information from a U.S. Bank ATM .
Police say the skimmer was put on the bank 's ATM on the weekend of Feb. 27 and removed before March 22 .
The suspects apparently waited a week to begin taking money from the accounts .
SunTrust Banks ,
Hillsborough , Fla .
Records taken : Unknown
Type of Attack : ATM Skimming
February 22
According to a federal complaint filed in Florida , four Bulgarian men put skimmers on ATM machines at SunTrust banks in Hillsborough and Pinellas counties last summer and skimmed identifying information on hundreds of bank accounts .
One of the men has been arrested ; the other three are still at large , police say .
Â
March
Union First Market Bank
Richmond , VA
Records Taken : 1000
Type of Breach : Exposure of data on Web
Date : March 22
A bad file that went awry during a bank merger caused a security breach at a community bank in Virginia .
Some Union First Market Bank customers found that their bank account information was accessible to other customers after two banks , Union Bank and Trust Company and First Market Bank , merged on March 22 .
Bank officials say that when online bill - pay accounts were transferred from First Market Bank to Union First Market Bank , a bad file containing information of around 1000 customers was sent .
That data then was accessible to some other customers .
Fifth Third Bank
Grand Rapids , MI , Cincinnati , OH
Records Taken : Unknown
Type of Breach : Unknown Cause
Date : March 19
A security breach through a third - party vendor has prompted Fifth Third Bank , Cincinnati , OH , to send new debit cards to an undisclosed number of banking customers in Michigan and Ohio .
Fifth Third Bank has banking branches in 12 states .
The third - party vendor was not identified , but a limited number of customers were sent new cards and a notification letter that stated the debit cards " may have been compromised , " but that other personal data , including Social Security numbers was not accessed .
The number of affected customers was not disclosed .
PNC Financial Services
Pittsburgh , PA
Records Taken : Unknown
Type of Breach : Outside Network Intrusion
Date : March 18
In a class action suit filed in California 16 former customers of Countrywide Financial charge that Countrywide 's employees stole and sold their personal financial information , invading their privacy and exposing them to identity theft .
Countrywide Financial
Ventura County , CA
Records Taken : Unknown
Type of Breach : Insider theft
DATE : March 15
Â
PNC Financial Services says that former National City Bank debit accounts were compromised in a system wide breach that affects former National City Bank customers .
National City Bank , based in Cleveland , OH , was acquired by PNC in December 2008 .
Bank spokesperson Fred Solomon says current PNC customers were not affected , and the National City Bank debit cards affected were only in the Cincinnati , OH area .
The bank says the customers ' debit cards were compromised shortly before the acquisition occurred in 2008 .
The bank would not reveal how many accounts were hit , or how much money was taken .
John Hancock Financial
Boston , MA
Records Taken : Unknown
Type of Breach : Stolen or missing hardware
Date : March 13
John Hancock , a Boston , MA insurer owned by Toronto insurer Manulife Financial , reported on March 13 that a partner could not locate a CD containing customer information , including names , dates of birth , and Social Security numbers of 1,085 Massachusetts residents .
The company said the CD was password - protected and encrypted , but has offered credit monitoring to customers whose information may have been compromised .
The company did not disclose how many persons ' data was on the disk .
TD Bank
Mount Laurel , NJ
Records Taken : 13
Type of Breach : Insider Theft
Date : March 13
A former switchboard operator for TD Bank in Mount Laurel , NJ took customer information and gave it to accomplices who in turn withdrew more than $ 200,000 from 13 bank customers ' accounts , says the U.S. Attorney 's Office in Philadelphia .
Talayah Little , 26 , of Hainesport , NJ , has been fired by the bank and was indicted by federal agents on March 13 .
US Bank
Richmond Heights , OH
Records Taken : Unknown
Type of Breach : Stolen or missing hardware
Date : March 11
A financial advisor at US Bank in Richmond Heights , OH reported on March 1 that a laptop was missing from his desk .
The advisor told police the laptop contained sensitive customer data .
Securities and Exchange Commission
Philadelphia , PA
Records Taken : Unknown
Type of Breach : Stolen or missing hardware
Date : March 1
TD Bank , N.A. and T.D. Wealth Management Services reported to the Maryland Attorney General 's office that a laptop stolen on June 11 , 2009 from the office of the Securities and Exchange Commission in Philadelphia contained customer account information , names , and Social Security numbers .
The letter was posted to the Maryland OAG site on March 1 .
Although the data were encrypted , the letter states , " it is possible that security access information may also have been stolen with the computer . "
Assurity Financial Services
Englewood , CO
Records Taken : 487
Type of Breach : Outside Network intrusion
Date : March 1
Colorado - based Assurity Financial Services reported to the Maryland Attorney General 's office the unauthorized use of their database of clients in March 2009 , among which were 487 Maryland clients .
The letter was posted to the OAG website on March 1 .
The company did not state how many customers were affected nationwide .
Assurity told affected customers that an unauthorized individual used customer information to either apply for payday loans or to setup bank accounts to accept the funds from the payday loan .
Virgin Money USA Inc .
Waltham , MA
Records Taken : Unknown
Type of Breach : Outside Network intrusion
Date : March 1
Virgin Money USA reported to the Maryland Attorney General 's office that a former employee had accessed Virgin Money USA customer information on its network .
The letter was published on the OAG website on March 1 .
The former employee accessed names , social security numbers from mortgage applications .
The former employee told investigators his intent was to generate business for himself and his new employer .
The employee was fired by his new employer when the crime was revealed .
Ally Bank
Philadelphia , PA
Records Taken : Unknown
Type of Breach : Outside Network intrusion
Date : March 1
According to the Maryland Attorney General 's website , Ally Bank , an online bank based in Philadelphia , PA , informed the AG on August 27 , 2009 that a former employee stole bank customers ' names , addresses , dates of birth and social security numbers .
There was no notification letter available on the OAG website .
Wells Fargo / Wachovia Bank
Charlotte , NC
Records Taken : 953
Type of Breach : Stolen or missing hardware
Date : March 1
A backup hard drive containing the names , social security numbers and bank account information for 953 Wachovia customers was stolen from a law office in Irvine , CA used by Wachovia Dealer Services .
In a notification letter to the Maryland Attorney General , the bank says the drive was stolen on June 11 , 2009 .
The letter was posted to the OAG website on March 1 and did not state how many bank customers were exposed nationwide .
Partnership Federal Credit Union
Washington , DC
Records Taken : 22 Type of Breach : Accidental breach
Date : March 1
The Partnership Federal Credit Union reported to the Maryland Attorney General on July 22 , 2009 that an internal data file had been discovered on a computer outside of the secured network earlier in the summer .
This may have potentially exposing personal and financial information .
The letter was posted to the OAG website on March 1 .
Telhio Credit Union
Columbus , OH
Records Taken : Unknown
Type of Breach : Insider Theft
Date : March 1
Telhio Credit Union reported to the Maryland Attorney General in a December 22 , 2009 letter that a former employee had downloaded a report with customer personal and financial information before leaving his employment in early August 2009 .
One Maryland resident 's information was in that report .
It was not stated how many others may have been affected nationwide .
M&T Bank
Baltimore , MD
Records Taken : 39
Type of Breach : Missing Paper Documents
Date : March 1
M&T Bank reported to the Maryland Attorney General in a letter dated December 18 , 2009 that a courier carrying work for a Baltimore branch was robbed on December 15 , 2009 .
In the courier 's bag were 39 customers ' checks .
BlackRock
New York , NY
Records Taken : 61
Type of Breach : Accidental breach
Date : March 1
BlackRock , a global investment firm , reported to the Maryland Attorney General in a letter dated October 29 , 2009 that a third party ( PNC Global Investment Servicing ) delivered CDs containing personal shareholder information to another financial institution client in December 2008 .
At least a few of that client 's employees accessed the data .
The info included names , address , tax identification numbers , or social security numbers .
No total breach number was given .
Proxima Alfa Investments
New York , NY
Records Taken : Unknown
Type of Breach : Stolen or missing hardware
DATE : March 29
Proxima Alfa Investments , which is in liquidation and ceased operations mid-2009 , informed the New Hampshire Attorney General in February that it discovered that an unspecified number of backup tapes as well as some other items were missing from the firm 's New York office .
The discovery was made in November 2009 .
The firm says the tapes may have been stolen sometime between September 2009 and October 2009 .
Personal information on the tapes included names , addresses , email addresses , telephone numbers , Social Security numbers , bank account information , tax ID numbers , passport numbers or scanned copies of passports .
April
Federal Deposit Insurance Corp .
Overland Park , KS
Records Taken : Unknown
Type of Breach : Insider Theft
DATE : April 2
A former employee of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. ( FDIC ) pleaded guilty on April 2 to leaking confidential customer information while she was working at an Overland Park , Kansas bank that had been taken over by the banking regulator .
Â
ESB Financial , Emporia State Bank
Emporia , KS
Records Taken : 3,097
Type of Breach : Exposure of data on Web
Date : April 23
Emporia State Bank officials announced that 7 years ago a data backup was sent to an unauthorized storage source .
A total of 3,097 customers ' personal data could have been exposed by the backup .
An outside computer specialist did not realize what had happened , and knowledge of the problem did not surface for seven years , when someone stumbled onto information and numbers during an Internet search .
Bank officials say that names , addresses , account numbers and , in some cases , Social Security numbers , would have been available to someone who found them on the Internet .
PNC Bank
Pittsburgh , PA
Records Taken : Unknown
Type of Breach : Skimming
Date : April 15
The Western Pennsylvania Financial Crimes Task Force began an investigation into skimming incidents after it got information from PNC Bank that in January more than $ 200,000 in fraudulent credit and debit card purchases had been made in New York City and Washington , D.C.
The investigators were able to trace the compromised accounts to ATMs in Pittsburgh , according to a criminal complaint filed in the case .
Alexandra Razvan Serb and Mihai Popa , both Romanians , were arrested on April 15 and are charged with bank fraud , access device fraud and aggravated identity theft .
Bank of America
Charlotte , NC
Records Taken : Unknown
Type of Breach : Insider
Date : April 1
A North Carolina bank worker faces jail time for ATM fraud after allegedly changing the ATM computer code at Bank of America networks so that the machines would dispense cash and not record the transactions .
The U.S. Attorney for the Western District of North Carolina filed documents in court on April 1 , alleging that Rodney Reed Caverly plotted to deploy malicious computer code within the company 's systems so that ATM machines would dispense cash without any record of a transaction .
Caverly maintained and designed computer systems at Bank of America , including ATMs .
With the malicious code in place , Caverly was able to take more than $ 5,000 during a seven - month period in 2009 , say prosecutors .
Charles Schwab
New York , NY
Records Taken : Unknown
Type of Breach : Outside Network Intrusion
Date : April 6
A computer hacker was sentenced to 3 years in prison on April 6 for hacking into brokerage accounts at Charles Schwab in September 2006 and laundering more than $ 246,000 , some of which he sent to co-conspirators in Russia .
Aleksey Volynskiy also sold 180,000 stolen credit card numbers to a cooperating witness , directing them to be made into credit cards that could be used to withdraw money from ATMs .
Bank of America
Charlotte , N.C .
Records taken : Unknown
Type of Attack : Insider Threat
Date : April 1
A North Carolina bank worker faces jail time for ATM fraud after allegedly changing the ATM computer code at Bank of America networks so that the machines would dispense cash and not record the transactions .
The U.S. attorney for the western district of North Carolina filed documents in court on April 1 , alleging that Rodney Reed Caverly plotted to deploy malicious computer code within the company 's systems so that ATM machines would dispense cash without any record of a transaction .
Caverly worked in the bank 's IT department and designed and maintained computer systems , including those used by ATMs .
The resulting loss from malware installed on Bank of America ATMs was somewhere between $ 200,000 and $ 400,000 .
PNC Bank
Pittsburgh , Pa .
Records taken : Unknown
Type of Attack : ATM Skimming
Date : April 22
The Western Pennsylvania Financial Crimes Task Force investigated a skimming incident after it got information from PNC Bank that more than $ 200,000 in fraudulent credit and debit card purchases had been made in New York City and Washington in January .
Investigators traced the compromised accounts to ATMs in Pittsburgh , according to a criminal complaint filed in the case .
Officials arrested two Romanians , Alexandra Razvan Serb and Mihai Popa , on April 15 and charged them with bank fraud , access device fraud and aggravated identity theft .
May
Capitol One Bank
Melville , N.Y .
Records Taken : Unknown
Type of Breach : Unknown
Date : May 18
Capital One Bank reported to the New Hampshire Attorney General that a " fraud ring may have obtained certain customer information . "
The personal information included names , addresses , account numbers , Social Security numbers and " other sensitive information . "
According to the letter to affected individuals from James McFadden , vice president and chief privacy officer for Cap One , the compromise may have occurred between December 2009 and February 2010 .
Wells Fargo Bank
Berkeley , Calif .
Records Taken : Unknown
Type of Breach : Skimming
Date : May 21
An unknown number of Berkeley , Calif. , area Wells Fargo Bank cardholders have been victims of a point - of - sale compromise .
So far , East Bay Wells Fargo customers are affected , but the bank says it believes more banks , ATMs or cards may have been and will be affected .
The bank says it is replacing affected customers cards and refunding any losses related to the compromise .
The Los Angeles Firemen 's Credit Union
Los Angeles
Records Taken : Unknown
Type of Breach : Unknown
Date : May 10
The Los Angeles Firemen 's Credit Union notified some of its 28,000 members that members names , addresses , phone numbers , account numbers and Social Security numbers were compromised when files were not properly moved during an office relocation .
A May 10 letter from the credit union 's CEO notified members of the breach .
Credit union members who were affected will have free credit monitoring supplied by the credit union for the next two years .
FHG Finance
Pleasant Hill , Calif .
Records Taken : 300
Type of Breach : Missing Paper Documents
Date : May 2
The names , bank account numbers and Social Security numbers of 300 loan applicants were compromised when confidential documents were mistakenly put in an outdoor waste bin without being shredded .
The paperwork belonged to FHG Finance , a Pleasant Hill , Calif . - based home loan business .
The cleaning crew hired by the building to clean part of FHG 's building told the business officials that they discovered the documents in the outdoor bin .
The documents were then secured and shredded .
Wells Fargo Bank
Berkeley , Calif .
Records taken : Unknown
Type of Attack : Unknown
Date : May 21
A handful of East Bay Wells Fargo customers had their credit cards canceled after they were compromised .
The bank says the cards may have been compromised at a point of sale compromise at a retailer or at an ATM .
Â
June
Saint Francis Federal Credit Union
Tulsa , OK
Records Taken : 8,400
Type of Breach : Stolen or missing hardware
June 16
Saint Francis Federal Credit Union officials said that 8,400 account holders ' information may be at risk after the loss of a backup tape that contained customer information .
Officials said the tape may have been destroyed during a " trash removal process , " but that they have been unable to confirm this happened .
Bank of America Call Center
Tampa , FL
Records Taken : Unknown
Type of breach : Insider theft
June 2
A Bank of America call center employee pleaded guilty to charges that he stole sensitive client information and then tried to sell it for cash .
He allegedly logged account holders ' names , birth dates , addresses and account histories between September 2009 and April 2010 .
He was supposed to get a 25 percent stake of the profits , court filings state .
He also took tax identification numbers , birthdays and phone passwords .
Â
Bank of America
Peabody , MA
Records Taken : Unknown
Type of Breach : Insider Theft
June 25
A former Bank of America bank teller was sentenced in June to prison for bank fraud and identity fraud .
Jeffrey Gautreaux of Peabody , Mass. was sentenced to 41 months in prison .
Gautreaux will be made to pay $ 270,295 in restitution to the bank .
He had already pled guilty to 17 counts of bank fraud and one count of identity fraud in February .
When he worked at Bank of America from 2004 to 2006 , Gautreaux stole bank customer data and sold it .
Â
Merrimack Mortgage
Greer , SC
Records Taken : Unknown
Type of Breach : Missing paper documents
June 30
A local mortgage firm , Merrimack Mortgage in Greer , SC was found to have dumped unshredded documents in a dumpster .
A local resident reported the breach to local media .
The data included in the documents ranged from social security numbers , credit scores and bank account information .
Â Â
August
Wells Fargo
Des Moines , Iowa
Records taken : Unknown
Type of breach : Accidental breach
August 20
Wells Fargo informed the attorney general of Maryland that mortgage papers including social security numbers were sent to a wrong address .
At least one resident in Maryland was affected by the accidental breach of data .
October
PNC Bank
Pittsburgh , P.A .
Records taken : 200
Type of breach : ATM skimming
October 19
A foreign national from Spain pleaded guilty in federal court on October 19 to conspiring with a Romanian national to install electronic skimming devices on PNC Bank ATMs located throughout Western Pennsylvania in April and May .
More than 200 PNC customer account numbers were believed to have been compromised , with losses between $ 120,000 and $ 200,000 .
Citibank
Florence , Ky .
Records taken : Unknown
Type of breach : Insider Threat
October 12
A New York woman was sentenced to 30 months in prison for her role in a scheme that defrauded Citibank customers out of more than $ 1 million .
Lisa Reid , 38 , was sentenced on one count of bank fraud and one count of aggravated theft , and she was ordered to pay $ 1,071,871.33 in restitution .
Reid executed the scheme by working closely with co-defendant Mahogani Graves , who was employed as a customer service representative at Citibank who stole customer credit card numbers .
Fairwinds Credit Union , RBC Bank
Lady Lake , Clermont , Fla .
Records taken : Unknown
Type of breach : Insider Threat
October 14
A credit union employee and the vmother of a death row inmate was indicted tor stealing elder and deceased customer 's credit information to take out loans in their names .
The indictment shows that at Fairwinds Credit Union in Lady Lake and then at the RBC Bank in Clermont , Nazreen Mohammed took out loans in the victims ' names and made withdrawals on their accounts , then funneled the money into bogus accounts that she created .
Payday Loan Store of Illinois
Chicago , Ill .
Records taken : Unknown
Type of breach : Missing paper documents
October 18
The Payday Loan Store of Illinois allegedly discarded documents containing customers ' personal information into trash bins outside four store locations despite promising to safeguard the information .
After a consumer complaint , the police found and retrieved approximately two boxes of documents containing information such as social security numbers , driver 's license numbers , financial account numbers and PLS loan account numbers .
Â
November
Washington State Employees Credit Union
Olympia , Wash .
Records taken : Unknown
Type of breach : Missing Paper Documents
November 23
Washington State Employees Credit Unions was one of three agencies found to be placing sensitive documents in a recycle bin outside of a state - owned building .
Names and Social Security numbers , health and injury claims , as well as copies of business checks complete with account and routing numbers were in plain sight .
The other two agencies were the Washington State Department of Labor and Industries and the Court of Appeals .
U.S. Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland
Cleveland , Ohio
Records taken : 400,000
Type of breach : Outside Network Intrusion
November 19
A Malaysian man has been charged with hacking into major U.S. corporations , including the U.S. Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland and FedComp , a company that processes financial transactions for credit unions .
U.S. Secret Service investigators found more than 400,000 stolen credit and debit card account numbers allegedly obtained by hacking into various computer systems of other financial institutions .
1st Source Bank
South Bend , Ind .
Records taken : Unknown
Type of breach : Insider Threat
November 19
Some 1st Source Bank customers got a letter informing them they will be getting a new PIN and debit card in the mail .
The letter said there was a breach at a third - party payment service , and some account numbers and card expiration dates may have been exposed .
Boeing Employee Credit Union
Renton , Wash .
Records taken : Unknown
Type of breach : ATM skimming
November 19
Prosecutors have filed charges against two men believed to have defrauded hundreds of Boeing Employee Credit Union members by " skimming " debit cards at Seattle - area ATMs .
During periods in September , the alleged thieves attached skimmers and cameras to the Renton ATM .
" Only a small fraction of the victims in this case have been contacted thus far regarding their losses , " says Deputy Prosecutor Lisa Napoli O'Toole .
Once the investigation is completed , the investigators say hundreds of additional counts of identity theft may be charged .
Monadnock Community Bank
Peterborough , N.H .
Records taken : Unknown
Type of breach : Outside Network Intrusion
November 19
Monadnock Community
Bank 's card processor notified it that an unnamed third - party payment service provider 's network had a data breach involving customer information , including debit card numbers , expiration dates , CVC , and PIN offset for 13 New Hampshire residents .
The attorney general of New Hampshire was also notified by the third - party payment service provider about the breach .
The total number of affected customers was not reported .
“ I ’m feeling lucky ” Google results are often the best
Google Galileo : an individual whose knowledge of a scientific discipline is restricted to information sourced from Google , Wikipedia or other online sources ( i.e. blogs ) .
Within a period of a few weeks / months they feel confident to not only dismiss an entire discipline of science , but have gained the ability to “ practice science ” by commenting on online forums and constructing alternative theories using raw data obtained freely from public sources .
When confronted with evidence or arguments that contradict their position , they retreated into the “ Galileo was persecuted for his beliefs ! ” defence , imagining the gales of laughter emanating from the scientific community is a form of persecution .
The online world is awash with hundreds of thousands of individuals , who despite lacking training or experience in a highly technical areas , feel they can confidently dismiss entire disciplines of science after a few weeks of searching Google and consulting a few blogs .
Yes , blame Google .
And the Internet .
This is the “ dark side ” of the information revolution .
Before anyone rushes to accuse of me of attacking the very medium this blog is a product of , I ’d like to stress that the Internet has been a wonderful tool for disseminating knowledge .
However I think we can all agree it is also conduit for all kinds of misinformation .
Climate change denial is the example par excellence , as it is a movement built on half - truths and fabrications .
However the denial movement would not be quite as effective and powerful without blogs such as “ What ’s up with that ” , “ Climate Depot ” and the websites of think tanks behind climate change denial .
The same is true of creationism , HIV - AIDs denial , 9/11 Truthers and the anti-vaccination movement .
They thrive and grow thanks to their online presence , trapping individuals with their “ counter knowledge “ , sucking them into the vortex of denial and pseudo - science .
Entering and graduating from Google University
“ Google U ” has many esteemed graduates .
Perhaps one of the more most famous example is Jenny McCarthy , the former Playboy Bunny , actress and self - proclaimed autism expert .
She has been one of the main proponents of the anti-vaccine movement , giving it a higher profile due to her celebrity status ( C - List as it is ) .
Her son has autism , and she blames MMR / vaccines .
How did she arrive at this conclusion ?
When her son started to display signs of autism , she Googled it :
… that night [ she ] went on Google and typed in “ autism . ”
And on the corner of the screen , in the sponsored links , it said , “ Generation Rescue . ”
And I decided to click on it , because right underneath it , it said , “ Autism is reversible . ”
And I thought to myself , well , this must be a load of crap , because if it was true , why did n’t the best neurologist in the world tell me there ’s something I could do to reverse autism ?
The tragedy is the McCarthy was lead down the “ rabbit hole ” of denial because she lacked the critical thinking skills and knowledge to dismiss the claims of the anti-vaccination movement .
But just as importantly she wanted to believe it .
This form of denial is easy to understand .
Her son has a condition that can be challenging for a parent to come to grips with .
Something was “ wrong ” with her son .
“ Someone ” must be to “ blame ” .
Age of Autism promised it was “ reversible ” .
Probability and genetics be damned , it ’s the fault manufacturers of vaccines .
And she could “ fix it ” .
However in order to support her beliefs , McCarthy must wave away evidence based medicine and maintain there is a massive conspiracy to cover up the truth in order to protect the interests of drug manufacturers .
Sound familiar ?
Fragile thinking leads to denial
Of course it does : it is how denial is manufactured and maintained by the individual .
But challenging the beliefs of someone like McCarthy only hardens their resolve .
The same is true of climate change deniers .
They ca n’t belive AGW is real , because it clashes with their values and beliefs ( i.e. unlimited economic growth , government is corrupt ) .
As a consequence they have to disprove the science via a fantasy of a global conspiracy amongst scientists in collusion with governments and green groups .
The recent New Scientist special on the “ Age of Denial ” has a series of very good essays , including one the psychology of denial .
It explains how the “ fragility ” of some people ’s thinking lead them to go down this intellectual path :
[ Seth ] Kalichman , [ social psychologist ] however , feels that everyday reasoning alone is not enough to make someone a denialist .
“ There is some fragility in their thinking that draws them to believe people who are easily exposed as frauds , ” he says .
“ Most of us do n’t believe what they say , even if we want to .
Understanding why some do may help us find solutions . ”
He believes the instigators of denialist movements have more serious psychological problems than most of their followers .
“ They display all the features of paranoid personality disorder ” , he says , including anger , intolerance of criticism , and what psychiatrists call a grandiose sense of their own importance .
“ Ultimately , their denialism is a mental health problem .
That is why these movements all have the same features , especially the underlying conspiracy theory . ”
Neither the ringleaders nor rank - and - file denialists are lying in the conventional sense , Kalichman says : they are trapped in what classic studies of neurosis call “ suspicious thinking ” .
“ The cognitive style of the denialist represents a warped sense of reality , which is why arguing with them gets you nowhere , ” he says .
“ All people fit the world into their own sense of reality , but the suspicious person distorts reality with uncommon rigidity . ”
In addition to this is the belief that they are “ the modern Galileo ” , someone whose beliefs challenge the mainstream and will be ultimately vindicated .
The sad truth , it ’s just fallacious thinking .
As noted sceptic Michael Shermer notes :
For every Galileo shown the instruments of torture for advocating scientific truth , there are a thousand ( or ten thousand ) unknowns whose ‘ truths ’ never pass scientific muster with other scientists .
The scientific community cannot be expected to test every fantastic claim that comes along , especially when so many are logically inconsistent .
It ’s often referred to as the “ Galileo gambit ” , or “ Galileo Fallacy “ :
The Galileo gambit , or Galileo fallacy , is the idea that if you are widely vilified for your ideas , you must therefore be right .
It refers to Galileo Galilei ’s famous persecution at the hands of the Catholic church for his defence of heliocentrism in the face of the orthodox Biblical literalism of the day that insisted otherwise .
Users will bring it up repeatedly in response to serious criticisms that – more often than not – they just do n’t understand .
Again and again from climate change deniers , creationists and other denial movements the chant “ Galileo was laughed at and he was right ! ”
There have been tens of thousands of would be Galileo’s .
The reason their names are forgotten is that their theories could never past muster .
Five reasons why “ you ” are not the modern Galileo
These would be Galileo ’s seem to amass a wealth of “ facts ” about climate science , geology and physics .
With their impressive array of factoids , they bludgeon public discussion in online forums and dinner party conversations with seemingly inexhaustible ( and exhausting ) depth of knowledge of obscure talking points and tidbits .
“ They grew grapes in Britain during the Roman occupation , so it was actually hotter than it is today .
The climate has always changed … ”
But these are meaningless facts .
They have nothing to do climate science .
They are facts strung together into a complex , almost impenetrable web of denial .
This is a generation of “ Google Galileo’s ” .
Men and woman who ’ve “ looked into ” climate change and found the science “ wanting ” in their estimation .
Their sources of information ?
Bloggers , conspiracy theorists and “ sceptical ” journalists .
This is as far removed from actual science as you can actually get .
There are five common traits of these “ wannabe ” Galileo ’s ( and the signs you should look for when you encounter one ) :
A dystopian megacity , in which buildings merge together to become a single solid block , is the stuff of science fiction — but it already happened , in Hong Kong .
The Kowloon Walled City was packed so tightly , it became an arcology .
Advertisement
Kowloon Walled City arose out of a weird circumstance in the treaty between the Brits and the Chinese that created Hong Kong .
China gave the New Territories to the Brits in 1898 but excluded the Walled City , which the Chinese wanted to be able to use as an outpost .
The Walled City developed a kind of status as a no - man 's land — but it was really only after the Japanese surrendered after World War II that the Walled City became totally ungoverned , with neither the Chinese nor the British exercising control .
Advertisement
Photo courtesy of Adventurocity.com .
The result was a tightly contained but fast - growing city , with buildings being added on top of each other and every inch of space being used .
The Wikipedia page has some great stats , including the fact that the average apartment in the City was only 250 square feet , and there were 33,000 residents occupying the 6.5 acre region in 1987 .
The construction was so dense that sunlight did n't filter down to the lower levels , which were lit by fluorescent lights .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The city reached a uniform height of around 10 storeys but could n't grow much higher , because it was so close to Kai Tak Airport .
The whole thing was torn down in the early 1990s , and a park was built on the site — including a scale model of the Walled City .
Advertisement
Images via Swedish Suburbs In The Mid-1970s , DCMaster and Adventurocity on Flickr .
[ Dir Journal via Mark Charan Newton ]
VATICAN CITY ( Reuters ) - Pope Benedict will appoint a special envoy to run and reform an influential Roman Catholic priestly order whose late founder was discovered to have been a sexual molester and to have fathered at least one child .
Pope Benedict XVI looks down as he arrives to lead his weekly audience in St. Peter 's Square at the Vatican April 21 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Alessia Pierdomenico
A Vatican statement on Saturday said the pope would also name a commission to review the constitution , or founding principles , of The Legionaries of Christ , whose founder Father Marcial Maciel , led a double life for decades .
The announcement came at the end of a one - year inquiry of the conservative order which involved visits by papal inspectors to its more than 120 seminaries , 200 schools and 600 centers for lay Catholics around the world .
Some critics had said the scandal had put the order beyond repair and had called for it to be dissolved , but the pope decided to take a half - way step aimed at restructuring .
The statement said that while Maciel was guilty of “ grave and objectively immoral behavior ” and had managed to hoodwink many people , most members today were filled with “ sincere zeal ” and had been oblivious to what it called his “ real crimes . ”
Despite this , the order would have to embark on “ a path of profound revision ” which would be overseen by the papal delegate and the commission .
There was no indication when they would be named .
The scandal concerning the Legion , which has about 850 priests and 2,500 seminarians in 21 countries and runs a Catholic university in Rome , reached its climax as the Catholic Church is being convulsed over reports of abuse of children by priests .
Maciel , a Mexican , who founded the order in 1941 and who died in 2008 at the age of 87 , was a cult figure within the order and for years had the ear of the late Pope John Paul II despite allegations that he had abused young male seminarians .
CULT FIGURE
Like in many religious institutions , the founder became a cult figure among members , even while he was alive , and many refused to believe that he could have done anything wrong .
But while heading an order of priests who take vows of celibacy , he also had a mistress with whom he fathered at least one child in Mexico and perhaps two other children by another woman , the order has previously acknowledged .
Former students for the priesthood accused Maciel of sexually abusing them when they were teenagers but the order denied the allegations for years .
In 2006 , after new evidence , Pope Benedict ordered Maciel to retire to a life of “ prayer and penitence . ”
At the time , the sanctions made him one of the most prominent persons to be disciplined for sexual abuse in the Church ’s history .
He died in 2008 , still a priest .
Amid accusations from some critics that Pope Benedict may have looked the other way on cases of sexual abuse before his election -- accusations the Vatican has rejected -- officials have pointed to his firm handling of the Maciel case as evidence of what they say is his tough stand on the issue .
His supporters say he took action while his predecessor John Paul did not give credence to the accusations of abuse .
The Vatican statement also said the pope would dispatch an investigator , known in Church terms as a “ visitor , ” to probe the Legionaries ’ lay branch Regnum Christi , which has tens of thousands of members .
Historical Jesus ( HJ ) scholars have boasted that they use the same sorts of methods as scholarly historians of other ( nonbiblical ) subjects , but this is a misleading claim .
When it comes to the basics of the nature of “ facts ” and “ evidence ” this claim is simply not true .
Historical Jesus scholars use a completely different standard to establish their basic facts from anything used by nonbiblical historians , as I will demonstrate here by comparing discussions of historical facts by both an HJ and a nonbiblical historian .
Scot McKnight ( in a discussion of historiography relating to historical Jesus studies , chapter 1 of Jesus and His Death ) notes the importance of a “ fact ” for HJ scholars :
[ F ] or our purposes , what kind of history is the historical Jesus scholar doing ?
First , history begins with “ facts ” that survive from the past as evidence . ( p.20 )
So far , so good .
McKnight explains that even though it is the values and biases of the historians that guide their choices and interpretations of facts , the facts themselves have a real existence quite apart and distinct from the historian himself .
Cookery and Exegesis
But then McKnight gets murky and ambiguous in his explanation and covers up the multitude of sins of the bulk of historical Jesus scholars .
At one level it sounds like he is saying nothing different from how nonbiblical historians work , but he is meaning something quite different behind the same words :
[ Facts ] genuinely exist even if they have to be sorted out through a critical procedure .
. . .
To be sure , apart from perhaps archaeological remains , all external facts have been through what Elton calls “ some cooking process , ” noting that no external facts are “ raw . ” ( pp.20 - 21 )
This is misleading .
Firstly , Elton said the opposite of what McKnight claims for him here .
Here is what Elton actually said ( with my emphasis ) :
[ It is ] at present virtually axiomatic that historians never work with the materials [ facts ] of the past raw : some cooking process is supposed to have invariably intervened before the historian becomes even conscious of his facts .
If that were so — if there were no way of knowing the knowable in its true state — historical truth would indeed become an elusive , possibly a non-existent , thing .
( p.53 , The Practice of History )
I focus on Elton here because , as McKnight points out , “ most historical Jesus scholars are fundamentally Eltonion ” ( p.16 ) .
( I will explain Elton in more detail later . )
What McKnight is doing here is justifying a procedure used by biblical historians to create facts to suit their theories and beliefs .
He does this by claiming the HJ scholar ’s fact - creation is consistent with what nonbiblical historians do .
Nonbiblical historians do not do what McKnight and many HJ historians think or at least seem to say they do .
Later McKnight is more specific and explains exactly how HJ historians come to discover these supposedly “ existential facts ” of theirs .
They do so through exegesis of the gospels :
In other word , history involves three steps .
. . .
They are ( 1 ) the discovery of existential facts — in our case the discovery of the gospel evidence by exegesis , or of archaeological data , or of political contexts .
Then ( 2 ) there is criticism of existential facts .
. . .
An existential fact often becomes nonexistential at the hands of a skeptical historical Jesus scholar .
. . . ( pp.23 -24 ) ( Point 3 is about interpreting and making meaning of facts . )
This is all bollocks .
It is here where biblical scholars totally jump the rails and part company with nonbiblical historians .
McKnight says that facts can cease to be facts when scrutinized by sceptical minds .
But nonbiblical historians say that this is true only in the case of “ secondary ” or inferred “ facts ” that are derived from other more basic facts .
In the case of the basic facts there is no question as to the possibility of their nonexistence .
They are there and cannot cease to exist .
The Battle of Waterloo in 1815 is a basic fact that can never cease to exist .
But secondary facts derived from that basic fact , such as the precise course of the battle , or the actions of particular individuals in that battle , may only be able to be indirectly inferred .
Such secondary “ facts ” are often disputable and may not always survive .
Secondary facts are derived from some “ cooking process ” , but Elton is clear that these are not the foundation of historical enquiry .
Historical enquiry begins with raw , uncooked , existential facts .
( Epistemology , the question of whether these facts are “ knowledge ” or “ belief on the basis of very good reasons ” is another question . )
Basic and public Facts versus complex and private “ facts ”
Here is what historian G.R. Elton wrote about facts , “ existential facts ” , facts that by definition as facts cannot cease to exist as facts ( as McKnight admits HJ “ facts ” can and do ) , such as the day on which Britain declared war on Germany in 1914 , the occurrence of the war itself :
Without the simple details of accurate chronology , genealogy and historical geography , history would have no existence .
And of those simple facts an enormous number are presently known . ( p.14 )
And here is what he wrote about the other kind of inferred facts ( again my emphasis ) :
However , while all the facts of history are theoretically in the knowable category , not all are so known , and as soon as more complex or private facts and events are involved the problem of the observer does arise .
Different historians will differently regard the precise course of the battle of Hastings or the precise meaning of Hobbes ’s view of human psychology , not because they differently interpret agreed facts but because they see differences in the facts .
The reason is plain enough : historical facts are knowable only by the evidence they leave behind , and in many cases that evidence is not clear - cut .
To repeat , this is not a question of interpreting fact but of establishing it , and the differences resulting are likely to be differences in the degree and depth of knowledge , no more .
[ Elton then illustrates this with an example of attempting to discover the fact of total royal income and expenditure by the Lancastrian kings through official records .
A face - value reading of these gives a false “ fact ” .
“ It takes a deeper knowledge of the material to understand that these totals are meaningless because the records contain quantities of repeated or fictitious entries . ” ] ( pp.54-55 )
Historical Jesus scholars misapply this principle — a principle that arises “ as soon as more complex and private facts and events are involved ” — by applying it to create basic and public facts .
Nonbiblical historians have facts before them which they choose to discuss , such as the battle of Hastings in 1066 .
Complications arise when historians attempt to decide the “ facts ” of the course of the battle .
No historian does or can dispute the basic and public fact of the battle of Hastings in 1066 .
But sceptical historians sometimes do obliterate certain secondary “ complex ” or “ private ” facts such as the particular course of the battle .
Historical Jesus scholars have no primary or basic facts at all to begin with .
They begin with no facts to discuss or explore .
They do have a traditional set of assumptions about the life of Jesus and Christian origins .
From those assumptions , not from “ facts ” , they proceed to create their basic and public facts ( e.g. Jesus was baptized in the Jordan River by John , Jesus cleansed the Temple ) .
They must create the raw materials with which they wish to begin their exercise of constructing their history .
But , of course , sceptical minds can always undo those artificially created raw materials .
McKnight gives Jesus entering the Jordan River as an example of an “ existential fact ” for the HJ scholar :
An example of an existential fact , from the Gospels — which are not themselves without context — would be Jesus entering into the Jordan River near John the Baptist . ( p. 21 )
But there is not a single line in the Gospels that says Jesus entered into the Jordan River .
Two gospels say he was baptized by John .
McKnight is playing fatuous micro and pedantic games here .
By no means is Jesus entering the river an existential fact .
It is nothing more than an inference from an unprovenanced narrative that is assumed — without external corroboration and despite the many unnatural details associated with it in the narrative — to be relating something historical .
McKnight is attempting to raise ( or reduce ) the evidence for Jesus ’ baptism to the same level as the evidence for the Battle of Hastings .
But no nonbiblical historian says an “ existential fact ” is that William the Conqueror trod on sand on England ’s shores and that what followed is somehow a matter of how much this or that source subjectively chooses to tell us .
The evidence speaks of his crossing from Normandy to England and fighting to win control of a kingdom there .
So the Gospel evidence speaks of Jesus being baptized by John .
The Gospel evidence , however , is mere narrative for which there is no external or corroborating support .
It is a mere story , like Cinderella or Red Riding Hood or Robin Hood or William Tell or the Pentateuch .
The only reason anyone even presumes to think the Gospel is some sort of authoritative source is good old “ conventional wisdom ” , cultural heritage .
As Albert Schweitzer himself said , its narrative lacks any sort of external corroboration and therefore cannot be raised to so much as a positive probability .
HJ scholars have NO basic facts to start with
To repeat : Nonbiblical historians begin with basic and public facts ( that are certain and nondebatable ) and move on from those to discover more complex and private facts that are less certain and more debatable than the original primary facts .
Historical Jesus historians begin with no basic and public facts .
They begin with an unprovenanced narrative that contains much myth and literary artifice , and from which they attempt to create their own basic and public facts by means of exegesis .
But the basic and public facts so created are as uncertain and debatable as the secondary facts of nonbiblical historians .
In other words , historical Jesus scholars have no objective , existential raw materials with which even to begin to attempt a legitimate historical enquiry .
Historians have corroborated sources and primary evidence for Julius Caesar and Alexander the Great .
They have nothing but assumption in the case of Jesus .
The Gospel narratives cannot be corroborated as history .
Conclusions of exegesis are entirely dependent on the skills and interests of the historian .
Exegesis of such documents can never produce an existential or basic real Fact .
Nonbiblical scholars , by contrast , start with basic facts
Elton is described as a “ modernist ” historian , and he opposed the postmodernist view of history and facts .
He also opposed fellow - modernist , E.H. Carr who had a less sanguine view of the possibility of establishing a truly objective fact .
But even postmodernists , and E.H. Carr , all agree that there are real facts or data that exist “ out there ” and that these are what historians attempt to deal with ( or at least think they do , as postmodernists would say ) at various levels .
Even though Carr argued that a fact is inevitably made into a historical fact as a result of the historian ’s values and biases , he nonetheless agreed that there was a genuinely independent real set of facts “ out there ” .
One blind historian might feel the trunk of the elephant , another the ear , etc , but their varying perceptions do not change what an elephant is really like .
But HJ historians are all attempting to feel for something behind a curtain on faith that there is something there .
Christian “ historians ” preach a hermeneutics of Love for the Gospel to find facts
Some HJ scholars attempt to substitute a “ hermeneutics of love ” or “ trust ” in the absence of external corroboration for their Gospel narrative .
Whereas other historians ( and everyone else ) seek external corroboration to verify reports or narratives , McKnight , Bauckham , and others know they cannot match this basic common - sense approach , so complain that this standard is too “ sceptical ” and call it a “ hermeneutics of suspicion ” .
This means that the HJ historian must take the Gospel narrative on trust at some level as a genuine attempt , again at some level , to convey real history .
McKnight explains the Christian morality behind this :
I contend that a hermeneutics of suspicion is fundamentally at odds with the Christian gospel , which is what a theological discipline is most concerned with .
In other words , what a Christian needs is not a hermeneutics of suspicion but , as Alan Jacobs brilliantly presents , a “ hermeneutics of love ” or a “ hermeneutics of trust ” .
( p.36 )
Would they use the same trust or love for sources other than the canonical Gospels ?
Would they ask Christian judges in courtrooms to apply the same hermeneutic to any uncorroborated testimony ?
Would they permit any a priori criticism of Fox News for broadcasting unsubstantiated reports ?
Here we have an outright admission that normal historical methodology can give us nothing about the historical Jesus .
What is admitted is that HJ studies are primarily a theological , and not an historical , discipline .
Where historical methods fail , then theological preaching will do just as well .
( I have discussed this sort of nonsense in earlier posts in addressing Bauckham ’s and Craig ’s attempts to make the same point . )
Criteriology
HJ and other New Testament historians use criteria to “ discover facts ” .
Examples of criteria :
Double dissimilarity — if a detail in the Gospels is dissimilar from both normal Judaism and early Church beliefs it was probably a true fact of the historical Jesus
— if a detail in the Gospels is dissimilar from both normal Judaism and early Church beliefs it was probably a true fact of the historical Jesus Multiple attestation — if a detail is found in more than one independent source it has a stronger claim to being true
— if a detail is found in more than one independent source it has a stronger claim to being true Embarrassment — is a detail is thought to be recorded against the interests of the early Christians it is thought to be more likely true
— is a detail is thought to be recorded against the interests of the early Christians it is thought to be more likely true Coherence
Anything said to fulfill prophecy
And so forth .
I have discussed some of these in detail already here and here and wo n’t repeat the logical and other flaws underpinning these here .
Now I fully grant that the criterion of embarrassment , when applied to certain kinds of basic and public and indisputably “ existential ” evidence ( e.g. the evidence for the fact of the battle of Waterloo in 1815 , including diaries or other records of those involved ) can very well be useful for assessing the probability of a secondary or private fact , such as whether or not a particular soldier on a battlefield retreated in cowardice from the enemy or not .
But it can not be used to attempt to extract basic and public evidence ( e.g. of whether there was a battle in the first place ) from a source ( e.g. Lord of the Rings ) that speaks of an event that has absolutely no external corroboration at all .
To Scot McKnight ’s credit , he acknowledges that “ criteriology ” is too subjective to truly establish objective ( existential ) “ facts ” ( pp. 42 - 44 ) .
As McKnight admits , the criterion of double dissimilarity is , in effect , a criterion of double prejudice ; I and others could add that the criterion of multiple attestation informs for us nothing about the ultimate source of what is being testified , etc .
Those who devised such criteria ( e.g. Norman Perrin ) did so as a hindsight rationale to “ systematize ” what they and their teachers in fact did in their treatment of the Gospel evidence .
But to turn now to a small subset of the historiographical discussion McKnight presents .
. . .
.
The following second part of this post was originally written first , so excuse a few quirks as you read it :
Scot McKnight versus Sir Geoffrey Elton on historical methodology
Scot McKnight is currently controversial for spitting the dummy on Historical Jesus studies ( see The Jesus We ’ll never know in Christianity Today , April 2010 ) , but what he has written about the historical methods employed by HJ scholars deserves serious attention , and the nonbiblical historians he discusses ( in particular conservative modernist British historian , Sir Geoffrey Elton , who has significantly contributed to the modern discussion of the nature of history ) deserve closer scrutiny than even he himself gives them .
So when one compares Scot McKnight ’s discussion of historiography relating to the historical Jesus ( chapter 1 of Jesus and His Death ) with conservative British historian G. R. Elton ’s discussion of facts , methods sources and evidence ( chapter 2 of The Practice of History ) , a fundamental gulf between the two becomes apparent .
Their respective viewpoints on the nature of the facts and sources used by historians could not be more different .
The irony is that McKnight quotes and references G.R. Elton ’s discussion extensively ( although in one place he has him saying the opposite of what he really writes ) , so presumably he fails to grasp some very fundamental statements by Elton about the basics of historical method .
Not that I ’m a follower of Elton ’s views on history .
But I focus on Elton here because , as McKnight points out , “ most historical Jesus scholars are fundamentally Eltonion ” ( p.16 ) .
( I will later summarize what Elton has to do with all of this . )
I would consider James Crossley ’s history an exception .
It appears to follow the views of E.H. Carr rather than Elton’s .
Carr saw history as an exploration of “ laws ” or “ scientific ” causes of events .
I will first of all give a very broad overview of the different views of history among ( nonbiblical ) historians , and then zero in on what they have in common in regard to “ facts ” and evaluation of sources , and then show that historical Jesus scholars do not practice “ normal history ” at all , and instead of working with real facts are only perpetuating myths through creative and ideological exegesis of texts whose status as sources relies entirely on an archaic and unsupportable conventional wisdom .
How many biblical historians really understand history ?
Few biblical historians seem to indicate a strong awareness of the debates about the nature of History as a discipline .
McKnight himself notes this :
I ’m not so sure most historical Jesus scholars are as conscious of [ a modernist historiography to which they unconsciously aspire ] as perhaps they ought to be .
. . .
In fact , the historiography of historical Jesus scholars is eclectic and often unconscious or uninformed of a specific historiography .
( pp.15 -16 )
Biblical historians whom I have at times engaged in discussion appear to go blank or apoplectic when I discuss historical methods used by other historians .
So if not even biblical “ historians ” appear to be strongly aware of what Mainstream Historians ( not the biblical subset ) understand about the nature and workings of their craft or art , a brief overview of a two names may not go astray .
Leopold von Ranke , a 19th century Liberal / Whig / Bourgeois
Leopold von Ranke , the “ father of modern history ” , stressed the importance of history as a somewhat naïve collection and evaluation of the facts and evidence .
All historians had to do was step outside their prejudices and get the facts ( see other posts for his distinction between primary and secondary sources for those facts ) , compare , accumulate , evaluate and interpret them until a whole and complete objective history was eventually reached .
The facts spoke for themselves .
The historian had no choice but to write about the facts that spoke for themselves .
E.H. Carr , Leftie of the early 1960’s
In What Is History ?
E.H. Carr argued that a fact becomes a historical fact only when the historian chooses it to be one as a result of the values and interests he or she personally brings to it .
Millions of people have crossed the Rubicon stream but the historian only judges Julius Caesar ’s crossing of it to be of interest to the historian and therefore a fact of history .
This means that von Ranke ’s facts really are not so objective as von Ranke assumed .
For Carr , von Ranke ’s “ objective facts ” were not so objective at all , but were really only those facts that supported the bourgeois and Liberal view of the world .
It was all fine and good for historians to choose facts to show what civilized gentlemen Englishmen were , but for Carr , it was important to balance such a value - laden selection of facts with others .
A citizen murdered in a riot showed the other side of the story , and his uncivil murder should also enter the list of historical facts if a historian was interested in true objectivity .
To repeat a commonly cited quote from Carr :
Let us take a look at the process by which a mere fact about the past is transformed into a fact of history .
At Stalybridge Wakes in 1850 , a vendor of gingerbread , as the result of some petty dispute , was deliberately kicked to death by an angry mob .
Is this a fact of history ?
A year ago I should unhesitatingly have said `no ’ .
It was recorded by an eye - witness in some little - known memoirs ; but I had never seen it judged worthy of mention by any historian .
A year ago Dr Kitson Clark cited it in his Ford lectures in Oxford .
Does this make it into a historical fact ?
Not , I think , yet .
Its present status , I suggest , is that it has been proposed for membership of the select club of historical facts .
It now awaits a seconder and sponsors .
It may be that in the course of the next few years we shall see this fact appearing first in footnotes , then in the text , of articles and books about nineteenth - century England , and that in twenty or thirty years ’ time it may be a well - established historical fact .
Alternatively , nobody may take it up , in which case it will relapse into the limbo of unhistorical facts about the past from which Dr Kitson Clark has gallantly attempted to rescue it .
But though Carr did believe that facts are chosen according to the value - judgments of historians , that did not mean that all history was always relative .
Just because a mountain is seen to have different shapes from different viewpoints does not mean that there is no mountain , or that the mountain really has a many different shapes .
Sir Geoffrey Elton , Tory / Conservative of the later 1960s
Elton ( The Practice of History ) argued against Carr that certain basic facts of history can be objectively known by historians , and that a historian can recognize and use them quite apart from any personal values or biases .
Fact can be discerned objectively .
The historian is not free to make history out of this and that fact according to his values and biases .
History is “ there ” no matter who the historian is or what his or her values are .
History is about something that “ really happened out there ” , not just about something the scholar has put together .
Elton was certainly capable of a most sceptical enquiry and assessment of facts and sources , so I do n’t intend to depict him as two - dimensional .
( Moreover , unlike Carr , Elton disagreed with “ grand narratives ” or “ laws ” of history that came with a capital H. The English Civil War , for instance , was not caused ( as Carr believed ) by longterm social and economic dislocations of the previous decades , but simply by the incompetence of the Stuart kings . )
But to adhere to my primary theme of the nature of facts in history , contrary to a comment by McKnight about Elton ’s view , Elton wrote :
[ It is ] at present virtually axiomatic that historians never work with the materials [ facts ] of the past raw : some cooking process is supposed to have invariably intervened before the historian becomes even conscious of his facts .
If that were so — if there were no way of knowing the knowable in its true state — historical truth would indeed become an elusive , possibly a non-existent , thing : one could at best then hope to find an historian learned , wise and sensitive enough to have cooked his materials in such a way that their natural flavour appears in the dish .
That would still make the knowledge of history a matter of pure faith which , if it is to deserve the name of an intellectual discipline and to fulfil its social function of promoting the search for intellectual truth , it ought not to be .
( p. 53 , The Practice of History )
Jim West , Theology Doctor and Petros Baptist Church Pastor
Elton ’s here was predicting Dr Jim West ’s response to McKnight ’s criticisms of the historical Jesus quest .
The reduction of history to being a matter of faith is exactly what Jim West is asserting that the historical enterprise has been .
West writes in response to McKnight ’s complaint that “ Historical Jesus scholars construct what is in effect a fifth gospel .
The reconstructed Jesus is not identical to the canonical Jesus or the orthodox Jesus .
He is the reconstructed Jesus , which means he is a “ new ” Jesus . ” :
How does he know that those scholars have missed the boat ?
He ’s suggesting , after all , that the entire lot of Jesus Seekers has it wrong .
But again , how does he know they are ?
Has he met the Historical Jesus and so knows , without a doubt , who ’s right and who ’s wrong ?
( From Zwinglius Redivivus )
Elton feared that some methods would lead to fanciful and contradictory histories without any means of knowing which one might , per mere chance , happen upon “ the truth ” .
And Dr Jim
West , right on cue , chimes in that “ how does McKnight know any one of the historical Jesus ’s ‘ discovered ’ is not the true one ? ”
With this comment Jim West exposes the sham that the Historical Jesus Quest is in terms of being a valid historical enterprise .
Much more can be written about the philosophy and practice of history , and there are many other very significant names to discuss .
But these three are certainly significant and address the central error of most historians of Jesus .
Despite the differences , they all agreed on one thing : Facts is Facts
But both Carr and Elton believed that historians nonetheless work with real “ existential ” facts ( facts that have a real and objective existence independent of any observer ) .
The difference was that for Carr such a fact only becomes an historical fact when a historian chooses to add it to a historical narrative .
But facts were facts on which all agreed and there could be no debate .
They were there to see and needed no special “ intellectual tools ” to somehow discover .
Intellectual tools like various criteria could could be brought to bear to refine our understanding and knowledge of certain facts , or even be used to augment some of those facts , but they are not there to create new facts ex nihilo or out of uncorroborated ( especially only vaguely ‘ provenanced ’ ) sources alone .
Elton wrote the following truism :
No matter how many observers may concern themselves with such questions as the day on which Britain declared war on Germany in 1914 , who the eldest surviving child of Henry VIII was , or where Napoleon confronted the allied armies on a given day in 1813 , they will all come up with the same answer .
There is , in short , a very large body of agreed historical knowledge on which no dispute is possible . . . . ( p. 54 ) But what happens when it gets more complex than this ?
Elton continues :
as soon as more complex or private facts and events are involved the problem of the observer [ and his values and biases , as per Carr ?
or something else ?
( read on ) ] does arise .
Different historians will differently regard the precise course of the battle of Hastings or the precise meaning of Hobbes ’s view of human psychology , not because they differently interpret agreed facts but because they see differences in the facts .
. . . and the differences resulting are likely to be differences in the degree and depth of knowledge , no more .
Thus , for instance , anyone trying to establish , as Sir James Ramsay did , the totals of royal income and expenditure in the era of the Lancastrian kings , will resort to the receipt and issue rolls of the Exchequer .
If , as Ramsay did , he takes them at their face value , he will total them up and suppose that he has the right answer .
It takes a deeper knowledge of the material to understand that these totals are meaningless because the records contain quantities of repeated or fictitious entries .
( pp.54 -55 )
Elton shows how obvious this is by looking at the various historians ’ works of any major question such as the fall of the Roman empire of the rise of industrial England .
[ A reader ] will encounter a great deal of disagreement , much proven error , and probably a fair amount of plain nonsense , but if he is at all alert he will be astonished by the way in which the body of agreed knowledge has augmented and by the manner in which variations of interpretation come to be first increased and then reduced by this advance .
( p. 58 )
So according to Elton , facts ( e.g. the archival and recorded amount of income and expenditure of the Lancastrian kings ) is facts is facts according to the indisputable sources .
To go beyond those facts requires additional research and knowledge to be applied to those clearly established facts .
Facts are incremental .
The number of explanatory theories reduces .
So where does this leave the “ facts ” used by the historians of Jesus ?
McKnight believes that most historical Jesus scholars go along with the essence of this view of what they are doing ( p. 15 , Jesus and His Death ) .
They see themselves as discovering facts and what those facts mean , and thus adding to an ever widening single knowledge base about Jesus incrementally .
But in historical Jesus studies facts are not incremental , and explanatory theories multiply , not decrease .
Newly discovered facts do not augment established data .
New “ facts ” are created to compete against other “ facts ” .
If Jesus cleansed the temple , here are some “ facts ” to show that it was to declare that its days were numbered ( Sanders ) .
No it was n’t .
It was to speak up for the poor ( Crossley ) .
Hang on , I do n’t think we can say it is a fact that Jesus cleansed the Temple at all ( Fredrikson , Mack ) .
This situation testifies loudly that the very preliminary “ facts ” in historical Jesus studies are nothing like the “ facts ” that other historians speak of — e.g. that the battle of Hastings took place in 1066 , that the first atomic bomb was dropped on the civilian population of Hiroshima on August 6 , 1945 .
McKnight , as we have seen above , exposes exactly where such biblical “ facts ” come from — exegesis of the Gospels .
What of the sources we use ?
Elton writes a warning for amateur historians :
Historical research does not consist , as beginners in particular often suppose , in the pursuit of some particular evidence which will answer a particular question ; it consists of an exhaustive , and exhausting , review of everything that may conceivably be germane to a given investigation .
Properly observed , this principle provides a manifest and efficient safeguard against the dangers of personal selection of evidence .
( p. 60 )
Many historical Jesus historians do , at times , apply this principle .
But when confronted with alternative paradigms , such as that of Price , Thompson , or Doherty , they do not address the questions raised accordingly , but respond like amateurs by casting around to find a rebuttal with scattered pieces of particular evidence which they think will answer the particular question .
Elton also addresses the critical importance of the provenance of sources , and uses documents from the Tudor period as an example .
How our sources came to be produced is of critical importance for knowing how to interpret them and understand what evidence , if any , they yield .
It is essential to know how they came into being .
They must be subjected to this sort of critical enquiry before we can know what sort of evidence they will yield ( pp. 62-63 ) .
Of the sources the historian uses , Elton wrote :
There is no perfect substitute for total acquaintance with the relevant material .
. . .
If the independent reality of history is ever to be apprehended , the real meaning of the surviving material must be elicited from the surface appearance .
. . .
Criticizing the evidence means two things : establishing its genuineness , and assessing its proper significance .
( pp. 66 - 7 )
I submit that there is no reason to think that the Gospels were written with a view to containing real history at some level , or were written from testimonies of oral sources that went back to eyewitnesses of real events .
This view of the Gospels as authoritative sources is entirely an untested assumption inherited from centuries of inherited conventional wisdom .
They have never been tested as the documents purporting to be the Donation of Constantine or the Ems Telegram have been .
Certainly historians have attempted to argue for their origins in this or that geographical area , but precious few have attempted to test the conventional wisdom that claims they are indeed records ultimately derived from “ traditions ” traceable back to real historical characters and events .
Going this far , I suggest , risks questioning the very rationale for whole discipline of biblical studies .
But none of this , of itself , means that the Gospels might not contain real history .
As Philip R. Davies might say , such a question has yet to be established .
But Thomas L. Thompson can write ( The Messiah Myth ) that the idea that the gospel narratives and sayings are derived from real history is falsifiable .
He argues that pointing to how the Gospel sayings and actions echo widely known literary sayings and deeds from other periods points to their dependence on their wider literary heritage .
My own view is that we can only roll with the evidence we have , and that means comparing the Gospels with the similar literature , or literature that contains similar motifs ( e.g. the Jewish scriptures , Book of Enoch and other Second Temple and other Mid East literature , Philo , Euripides , Homer ) , and seeing where that leads .
There are no independent external controls to inform us that the contents of the Gospel narrative are historical .
We only have literature to compare with literature .
Thompson may not have written the most persuasive book when he composed The Messiah Myth , but he is certainly headed in the right direction with a methodology that pulls on the fewest strings to make it work .
What is required of the Gospels before their narratives can be assumed to be evidence for historical facts is a study of their origins , their audiences , their authors at a minimum .
These are all matters of speculation , however educated the speculation may be .
Their narratives demand external corroboration before they can be taken as serious evidence of historical events .
Every historian from Christian Albert Schweitzer to Marxist Eric Hobsbawm knows that truism .
Till then , the best any historian can do is to compare their literature with other literature .
If that means seeking to explain the origins and nature of the Gospels themselves , and Christian origins more generally , instead of questing for the Historical Jesus “ known ” to exist by virtue of conventional wisdom and cultural heritage , then we will be making real intellectual and historical progress .
.
This is enough .
If I keep attempting to correct and complete the above I will be here till Doomsday .
Since this is a post attempting to collate material from too many sources to count on the fingers of one hand .
And I have other things to do .
Will publish it now and make corrections later .
The coat hanger was its graphic symbol of death , outrage and ultimately , a woman ’s right to control her own body .
The “ Abortion Caravan ” rolled into Ottawa on Mother ’s Day weekend in 1970 , a convoy of young women — coat hangers and a black coffin in tow — who drew hundreds of supporters during their drive from Vancouver to make an unprecedented demand : unrestricted access to legal abortions .
“ The adrenaline was flowing , we had a cause , we were strong , ” says Yvonne Demalpas , who 40 years ago hopped on a bus in Toronto to join the caravaners in Ottawa .
“ We felt we could make a difference . ”
They did , shutting down Parliament for 30 minutes and laying the groundwork to strike abortion completely from the Criminal Code in 1988 .
Now , decades later , those pioneering women fear their hard - fought gains might be jeopardized as the abortion debate reignites at home and abroad .
“ I was appalled , ” said Demalpas , referring to Prime Minister Stephen Harper ’s refusal to fund aid groups that might help provide abortions in developing countries .
“ So many of us have fought for so long to keep abortion accessible .
But I think when people have n’t had to face bad times , perhaps you slowly rest a little bit and you do n’t keep fighting . ”
In 1970 , the Abortion Caravan planned a daring plot to push the issue from shameful silence into the national consciousness .
The Vancouver trekkers held public meetings during stopovers en route to Ottawa , giving women a supportive forum in which to speak publicly for the first time .
Though it was known the caravan was coming to Ottawa , Canadians were shocked at the protestors ’ bold action .
Hundreds of women rallied for two days at Parliament and some 50 disrupted the sitting House of Commons , chaining themselves to seats and chanting “ free abortions on demand . ”
The Toronto Star reported on May 12 , 1970 that one woman hurled a water bomb at the government benches before being rushed by security officers and marched from the building .
Others had their chains removed by bolt - cutting guards and were heckled by onlookers as they were escorted from House .
At 24 Sussex Drive , Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau was burned in effigy .
Demalpas was with the group who dumped the coffin at Trudeau ’s door .
The coffin represented pregnant women who ’d died from back - alley procedures or their own horrific attempts with knitting needles or coat hangers .
The Star reported in 1970 that 2,000 Canadian women died annually from the 100,000 illegal abortions performed each year , and about 20,000 had to be hospitalized with post-abortion complications .
As of 1969 , limited legal abortions were performed only if a medical panel determined the mother ’s health was at risk .
Jackie Larkin was a budding , 25 - year - old Ottawa feminist who slipped her chain around a parliamentary chair leg with her sister protesters .
She recalls that the late 1960s and early ’ 70s were an “ opening up about all kinds of ways about thinking about the world . ”
The rise of feminism , she adds , was a catalyst for Canadian women to wrest control of their reproductive rights from the government .
“ The abortion issue was important because it had been suppressed as an issue , ” says Larkin , now a 65 - year - old labour and health educator in Victoria .
“ It was something you did n’t talk about .
“ But there was also the fundamental question of : Do you even have the right to control your own body ? ”
The pioneers now fear that decades of pushing for change may be eroded .
Hospital cutbacks , hospital closures , little progress in making abortions available in rural areas and the pro-life push on governments by right - wing conservative groups worry Larkin .
“ It pisses me off , ” she says , referring to Harper for imposing his “ political agenda ” on foreign aid .
“ It ’s clear in the context of the world in which there ’s a rising Christian fundamentalism , ( and I think ) the Harper government is extremely influenced by that . ”
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Demalpas is concerned that women in their 20s and 30s take their freedoms for granted .
She wonders if Canadians are aware of the great discrepancies in access to abortion in every province and the difficulties for those in rural areas , where enormous travel times and cost make it prohibitive .
“ So many women ’s groups have been shut down by non-funding ( by government ) , I just see a slow reversal back to the bad old days for women , ” says the retired union consultant .
“ I ’m not sure that young women know how bad it was or what went on or are aware of what they might lose . ”
Read more about :
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Left - wing Labour MP
John McDonnell has accused the party of " fixing " the race to succeed Gordon Brown as leader .
He said he wanted to stand but would struggle to get the backing of the 33 MPs he needed to get by next Thursday .
Jon Cruddas - who ruled himself out of the race on Monday - also said it was not long enough for MPs to make up their minds .
Only ex-ministers , and brothers , Ed and David Miliband have so far said they will stand for leader .
Former Schools Secretary Ed Balls and former Health Secretary Andy Burnham are also thought to be considering a bid .
MPs ' backing
The result of the contest is due to be announced on 25 September , Labour 's ruling National Executive Committee ( NEC ) has decided .
But MPs who want to stand must gather 33 signatures of Labour MPs by 27 May , under the timetable announced by the party on Tuesday .
They can then gather " supporting nominations " over seven weeks from constituency parties and unions .
If the Labour Party wants an open , all - encompassing debate over its future , and a great variety of choice in who is to lead the party , then it is going about it in a very strange way
Read Michael Crick 's blog Mr McDonnell , who wanted to stand against Gordon Brown for the leadership in 2007 but failed to receive enough nominations from MPs , said it was wrong to reduce the period for nominations to four days , from 24 to 27 May .
He said this was not enough time for the many newly elected Labour MPs to weigh up the merits of different candidates and for potential contenders to canvass for support - although he said he was still determined to try .
" I think it undermines the democratic process from the outset , " he told the BBC News Channel .
" I thought we had learnt those lessons . "
By " curtailing " the nomination process , Mr McDonnell said Labour officials were effectively " fixing " the contest in favour of establishment candidates such as David Miliband .
" It prevents people like me coming forward and securing nominations , " he said .
' Ed , Ed and David ' The Hayes and Harlington MP said the Conservatives and Liberal Democrats had held more open contests when they elected David Cameron and Nick Clegg as their leaders .
And influential backbencher Mr Cruddas - who was among those expected to stand and came third in the Labour deputy contest in 2007 - told the BBC he did not think it was long enough to gather signatures .
" These guys , if it 's Ed , Ed and David , they have been ministers since the day they were MPs .
I have known some of them for 20 years but I do n't know what they stand for and I wo n't be able to make up my mind , I doubt , in nine days ' time .
" I think we should extend this , crack it open , re-enfranchise the party and allow them to define what they are . "
There has been anger within sections of the party that Mr Brown was elected without a contest in 2007 .
Mr McDonnell , who chaired the Socialist Campaign Group of Labour MPs in the last Parliament , is a leading voice on the left of the parliamentary party .
Mr Balls and Mr Burnham are thought to be weighing up their options amid calls for the contest to be as competitive as possible .
Several senior Labour figures have ruled themselves out , including acting leader Harriet Harman and former Home Secretary Alan Johnson .
The new leader will be elected by a ballot of Labour MPs , MEPs , party members and members of affiliated organisations such as trade unions and socialist societies .
Ms Harman has defended the election rules , saying they will lead to a " dynamic " contest , with up to four million people eligible to vote .
The ballot will take between 16 August and 22 September , with the result being announced on the first day of the party 's conference in Manchester .
Hustings will take place in June and July , with some backbench MPs pressing for the candidates to square up in a TV debate .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Frozen Synapse is the ultimate tactical game : you have full control over your strike team , directing their every movement .
At the same time , your opponent is plotting to defeat you .
Plan your moves , then hit the " Execute " button : both you and your enemy 's turns are executed simultaneously .
Bite - size , hardcore strategy : a touch of X - Com and Laser Squad , with a striking sci- fi aesthetic .
Check out our weekly podcast at Visitingthevillage.com and visit the official Frozen Synapse site at Frozensynapse.com
If you 're interested in the game , then please feel free to click on one of the icons above to get updates .
The chat icon sends you straight to our IRC chatroom ( irc.maxgaming.net # mode7games ) via a web - based chat client - please get in touch !
If you join our mailing list , we will use it only to send you important Frozen Synapse and Mode 7 Games updates .
These will be very infrequent and guaranteed to be interesting - we hate spam and we will never perpetrate it ourselves !
We will never , ever give or sell your precious juicy email to any naughty people - promise .
Comment
As the iPad goes on sale in the UK ( and eight other countries ) , I 've had my own " magical and revolutionary " Apple tablet for exactly 56 days .
And I 'm using it less and less each day .
My fading relationship with my iPad reminds me of a long - ago college fling with a young lovely .
High anticipation , fervent consummation , growing familiarization , decreasing fascination , and the inevitable : " No , hon , it 's not you .
It 's me . "
Which is the line you use even when you 're pretty damn sure that it is indeed her .
Full disclosure : I write this as a fervent fanboi who has used Macs since literally the first day that the original Macintosh 128 k became available in 1984 .
I 've partnered with and enjoyed PowerBooks , Quadras , Performas , iMacs , Power Macs , MacBooks , Mac Pros , and iPhones — even a Newton .
But of all of those Apple products , it 's my whirlwind affair with the Newton that most reminds me of my first 56 days with my iPad .
With the Newton , as with the iPad , I eagerly anticipated its release , and bagged one as soon as I could .
I took it on business trips for note - taking and email , had no problems with its much - maligned handwriting recognition , and even played the occasional game on it .
But after the first blush of novelty wore off , the Newton 's flaws asserted themselves : small display , unpocketable bulk , non-standard file system , and so on .
I found myself spending less and less time with it , and soon returned to my previous partner , my trusty PowerBook 170 .
So it has been with the iPad .
I 've taken it on business trips for note - taking and email , have had no problems with its much - maligned keyboard , and even play the occasional game .
But I 'm spending less and less time with it .
As a fanboi , I 'd like to say that the jury is still out , but I 'm afraid that the most important evidence — that I 'm less frequently using the li'l guy for either business or pleasure — is in .
My iPad is clearly moving into Newtonian territory .
Not that the iPad is a steaming turd , as many rabid Apple - bashers like to fulminate .
Nor is it a useless toy .
For example , it 's been a helpful business partner in meetings and interviews due to its abilities as an unobtrusive , silent note - taker with no display to get between me and my interview subject .
What 's more , Apple 's well - engineered $ 39 iPad Case holds the iPad at the perfect typing angle .
The iPad 's instant - on capability makes it more of an impulse - satisfier than a laptop could ever be .
I can , for example , quickly check MLB.com 's
At Bat 2010 for iPad at any time to find out how badly the San Francisco Giants are losing .
Apple may have left out a good deal of functionality in iPad 1.0 , but there are apps available to provide some of its missing capabilities .
Air Sharing HD ( $ 9.99 ) , for example , provides a usable file system and enables printing by way of wireless printer - sharing ( Mac OS X or Linux only ) .
The iPad 's battery life is truly impressive , although charging it is a bit of a pain .
Since it requires more power than an iPhone or iPod , not all Macs , PCs , and USB hubs can charge it when it 's awake .
However , nearly all can charge it — slowly — when it 's asleep .
When it 's hooked up to a low - power port you 'll see a Not Charging notification when it's awake , but you obviously can't see any notification when it 's asleep — a mild annoyance that Macworld refers to as the modern - day equivalent of " Does the refrigerator light stay on when I close the door ? "
Then there 's the matter of web access , supposedly way up the list in the iPad 's raisons d'être .
Surfing with your iPad while comfortably ensconced on your couch is all well and good , but the lack of tabs in the iPad 's Safari browser makes doing so a less - useful experience than it could be .
And although the iPad 's 9.7 - inch display is a vast improvement over the iPhone 's minuscule window on the web , browsing on a full - fledged Mac or PC display is still a better experience .
Maybe I 'm just spoiled — I have a 20 - inch display hooked up to both of my Macs , one at home , one at work .
Or maybe computer - based browsing is simply better .
Caracas , March 22 , 2010 ( Telesur ) – The National Endowment for Democracy this month awarded the Reagan - Fascell Democracy Fellow research prize to Venezuelan Andres Cañizález , the promoter of a media campaign against President Hugo Chávez .
Cañizález won the award for developing a project called : The Chavez Era :
The political history and democratic challenges of Venezuelan journalism .
The award gave Cañizález residency at the International Forum for Democratic Studies of the NED in Washington for four months , a working scholarship and funding for the research and publication of a book .
According to the NED , Cañizález ’ stay in the U.S. capital will help him to " develop contacts and exchange ideas with his counterparts in Washington . "
Since 2002 , the Venezuelan has carried out a smear campaign against the Bolivarian Revolution led by President Hugo Chávez via the Institute for Press and Society ( IPYS ) , which in turn is funded by the NED and the United States Agency for International Development ( USAID ) .
Investigations by lawyer Eva Golinger indicate that “ millions of dollars from the NED have been channelled to groups like IPYS in Venezuela to finance coups , sabotage , psychological operations , electoral campaigns and actions to destabilize the government of Hugo Chávez . ”
On March 16 , Emilia Diaz from IPYS , based on information from right - wing media , said the right of citizens to communicate and be informed is at risk in Venezuela .
Diaz 's statement came after the Venezuelan government was accused by the opposition of wanting to control internet use in the nation .
However , what happened was that President Chavez condemned the broadcasting false information via the internet about the nonexistent murder of a member of the Cabinet and a current affairs show host of the Venezolana de Television ( VTV ) .
After the incident , the Venezuelan Parliament decided to investigate the Noticiero Digital ( ND ) website for disseminating false news and denied that the government wants to exercise control over the use of the internet .
" IPYS has played a major role in the dissemination of manipulated information and distorted the policies of the Venezuelan government in an attempt to discredit it internationally and justify ' regime change ' , " Golinger said in a recent article .
The Reagan - Fascell award is named after former U.S. President Ronald Reagan and the late congressman Dante Fascell .
According to Canadian journalist Jean - Guy Allard , Fascell was known as the “ active representative of the Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) within the U.S. Congress . ”
Fascell was responsible for " concrete plans and for taking care of the specific interests of the U.S. intelligence community . "
According to the article by Golinger , " the Reagan - Fascell award from the NED ensures that its recipients form part of a ' global network ' of ' democracy promoters ' linked to Washington 's agenda . ”
Translated by Kiraz Janicke for Venezuelanalysis.com
Organized crime depends on extensive public - sector corruption , and , with its wealth , insures it .
The only anti-crime measures known to be effective attack both that wealth and that corruption .
Mexico has not made a serious start on either front , according to Buscaglia .
Prosecutors lack nearly everything — resources , laws , training , financial intelligence , judicial independence — that they need to begin .
“ To declare war on organized crime ” in Mexico ’s situation , Buscaglia says , “ you need to declare war on your own society . ”
A frontal military assault on organized crime , unsupported by a financial strategy and an assault against political corruption , never succeeds , according to Buscaglia , because of what he calls “ the paradox of expected punishment . ”
Organized - crime groups under such assault simply devote more of their resources to arms , violence , and the expansion of their defensive ring of public corruption .
Jailed or slain leaders are quickly replaced , usually after a sanguinary round of jockeying among the second tier .
Replacing jailed or slain street soldiers is never a problem in a country like Mexico , where an estimated seven million young people , known as Los Ni Ni — because they do n’t go to school or have jobs ( ni estudia ni trabaja ) — are considered ripe for recruitment into the lower ranks .
Indeed , the outlaw appeal of defiant narcos among young people generally cannot be discounted , given the long - term popularity of narcocorridos — danceable pop songs glorifying the exploits of Mexico ’s “ Most Wanted . ”
The lineup of Mexican cartels is fluid .
Sinaloa , with its base in the eponymous Pacific Coast state and operations throughout Mexico and beyond , is the largest and probably the most stable .
It is always looking to expand its territory — the phenomenal level of recent violence in Juárez is largely attributable to a Sinaloa takeover attempt , but drug lords have been operating out of Sinaloa for generations .
On Mexico ’s east coast , the Gulf cartel has ruled for nearly as long .
Two powerful groups , based in Tijuana and Juárez , dominate the two busiest border - crossing regions in the north .
Then , there is the Beltrán Leyva group , which has a sprawling , non-contiguous territory .
Its longtime leader , Arturo Beltrán Leyva , was killed by the military in December , and other groups are now trying to grab some of the “ plazas ” that Beltrán Leyva has traditionally controlled .
La Familia , for instance , appears to be making a move on Acapulco .
The Zetas are a special case .
They started out as high - end bodyguards — U.S. - trained Special Forces commandos enticed to desert in the late nineties by Osiel Cárdenas Guillén , who was then the leader of the Gulf cartel .
( He is now in a U.S. prison . )
The Zetas brought military expertise to narco - trafficking .
They earned a reputation for savage violence and efficiency , and their early recruitment was boldly public , with banners hung over highways , complete with a number to call , urging soldiers to defect and receive “ a good salary , food , and medical care for your families . ”
They offered loans and life insurance , and an end to mistreatment and rations of ramen .
Those who joined were paid on a scale unimaginable in their previous lives .
The Zetas eventually outgrew their role as the Gulf cartel ’s armed wing .
They went to work with other groups , as trainers or freelance mercenaries , and then for themselves .
They are now a major criminal group , at war with various old allies , including La Familia and the Gulf cartel .
They are also working closely with the ’ Ndrangheta , Italy ’s formidable Mafia , according to “ Contacto en Italia , ” a recent best - seller by Cynthia Rodríguez .
In Michoacán , at the end of the PRI era , organized crime was dominated by a midsized group known as El Milenio , which was allied with Sinaloa , and did extremely well in the early methamphetamine period .
The Gulf cartel , leading with its spearpoint , the Zetas , invaded Michoacán around 2001 .
In one version , the Gulf leadership had been approached by restive ex-Milenio lieutenants , including future La Familia leaders like El Chayo , who invited the Gulf group to Michoacán to help them overthrow their former leaders .
In another version , it was a Gulf - cartel initiative , a westward business expansion merely abetted by the restless lieutenants in Michoacán .
In any event , El Milenio was defeated by the Zetas , who began running Michoacán , in their brutal way , on the Gulf cartel ’s behalf .
La Familia arose from various sources .
The main element was the ex-Milenio group , which had been schooled by its allies , the Zetas , in unconventional warfare , and later turned against them .
There were also home - guard units and local vigilantes — farmers and workers in Tierra Caliente — who resented the oppressive reign of the Zetas .
A rising tide of cristal addiction , as the Zetas cultivated an internal market for their most profitable product , increased their local unpopularity .
La Familia stepped from the shadows in 2006 , declared war on outsiders , and by 2008 had driven the Zetas from most of the valuable plazas in Michoacán .
The group ’s broadsides even denounced Chapo Guzmán and Sinaloa , whose leaders answered with threats to annihilate the upstart La Familia .
In reality , all the main crime groups had to share the booming Michoacán container - port city of Lázaro Cárdenas , a plaza too valuable for any one group to hold exclusively .
La Familia , despite its nativist , puro michoacano self - defense rhetoric , had vast amounts of drugs it needed to move to the U.S. , which meant negotiating passage rights through the territories of groups to the north .
Seizing plazas from the Zetas was such a success , moreover , that stopping at the Michoacán border proved impossible .
La Familia moved into the nearby states of Guerrero , Morelos , Guanajuato , Colima , Querétaro , Jalisco , and Mexico , evicting other crime groups , and established a presence in Mexico City , which no single syndicate can control but where every self - respecting cartel must be represented .
La Familia ’s evangelical fervor , weird self - righteous piety , and penchant for insane violence turned out to be a potent combination far beyond its provincial base .
In May , 2009 , the Mexican attorney general called the group the most dangerous cartel in the country , citing its exceptional cruelty , its success at corrupting officials , and its leading role in the production of synthetic drugs .
La Familia was by then in business with Chapo Guzmán in areas of shared interest .
Ramón Pequeño García , the anti-drug chief of the federal police , told me that La Familia has developed profitable contacts in China , India , Bulgaria , and Holland for both methamphetamine production and distribution .
President Obama has named La Familia a significant foreign narcotics trafficker , which makes it illegal for American citizens to have any contact with the group , and in February , 2010 , the Treasury Department formally identified seven La Familia leaders , including El Chayo , as drug kingpins , increasing the criminal penalties for Americans caught associating with them .
Although still derided in some circles as hicks ( “ the hillbilly - hero moonshiners of Mexico ’s Appalachia , ” as one senior American diplomat in Mexico put it to me ) , La Familia and its exploits — hanging anti-Zetas banners over the roads in eighteen cities in four states in one night ; running a nationwide new - car theft ring that hijacks whole bulk shipments — seemed to be front - page news nearly every day after I arrived in Mexico City , in January .
But Pequeño García , of the federal police , told me that La Familia was actually getting desperate , that the cartel was losing the war on the ground in Michoacán .
He recited a long list of capos who had been arrested , including El Chayo ’s first cousin .
“ The police presence there has drastically restricted their freedom of movement , ” he said .
“ It ’s much more difficult for them to move drugs on the highways now or to travel in armed convoys . ”
The Bush Administration warmly supported the Calderón government ’s Army - first approach to confronting narco power , and President Obama ’s policy has essentially been the same .
( Obama has hailed Calderón as a “ hero ” for his anti-drug efforts . )
The United States has an obvious , first - order interest in the stability of Mexico , and in the struggle there against narco - trafficking .
Ninety per cent of the cocaine sold in the U.S. comes through Mexico .
Tens of billions of dollars in drug money is believed to cross the border heading south each year , much of it in bulk cash shipments .
More than eighty per cent of the weapons that have been seized in Mexico and that could be traced originated in the U.S .
The outrage of many Mexicans over this avalanche of military - grade firearms is matched only by their impotent anger over the bottomless U.S. demand for illegal drugs .
Our appetites , our wealth , our laws seem to be conspiring to destroy their country .
Mexico was traditionally never a major recipient of U.S. foreign aid , but that changed in 2008 , with the passage of the Mérida Initiative , a multiyear $ 1.4 - billion program to help Mexico and some of its neighbors fight transnational crime .
Under Mérida , the U.S. is sending equipment , including Black Hawk helicopters and high - tech border - inspection gear , to Mexico and , in a broad effort to help modernize and professionalize Mexican law enforcement , providing training to thousands of police officers , customs officials , prosecutors , judges , prison guards , and other public - security personnel .
Extraditions of criminals to the U.S. , once a politically sensitive subject in Mexico , have been rising fast .
In 2009 , there were a hundred and seven .
The real test of trust and coöperation between the two countries ’ security institutions , though , is intelligence - sharing .
Many American officials are wary of it .
Some have been burned in the past .
For all the American security agencies working in Mexico today — besides the D.E.A. , the F.B.I. , and the C.I.A. , the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms , and Explosives is now fully engaged , trying to teach modern gun-tracing — no American officer has arrest power in Mexico , and direct military assistance remains unthinkable .
As the crisis deepens , though , so does U.S. involvement .
In Juárez , where the violence keeps hitting new peaks , the latest plan is to embed American intelligence agents in Mexican federal police units .
This would have seemed too dangerous to try until recently , but the massacre of fifteen people , including ten teen - agers , at a birthday party in late January , and then the murder of three people connected to the U.S. Consulate there in March , got the attention of top officials in both countries .
President Obama expressed outrage at the killings .
President Calderón made several trips to Juárez , promising new forms of aid .
And ten days after the Consulate killings , Hillary Clinton led a delegation to Mexico City that included Robert Gates , the Defense Secretary ; Janet Napolitano , the Secretary of Homeland Security ; Dennis Blair , the director of National Intelligence ; and Admiral Michael Mullen , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff .
They met with Calderón and promised more aid .
Calderón , on a visit to Juárez the previous week , had been confronted by demonstrators .
In a city where more than twenty - six hundred people were killed in drug - related violence last year , and where more than nine hundred have already died this year , the demonstrators were not protesting against the cartels and their ubiquitous hit men .
They were demanding the withdrawal of the Army .
To check out La Familia ’s claim to be driving cristal addiction from Michoacán , I went to Zamora , a midsized city in the northwestern corner of the state .
La Familia was doing some vivid social messaging there .
Two days before my arrival , and some weeks earlier , groups of flagellants had appeared on the roads around Zamora — men with their shirts pulled up or off and their backs whipped raw .
The men chanted and carried placards denouncing themselves as thieves and rapists .
Some of the placards were signed “ La Familia . ”
In the past , the corpses of methamphetamine dealers had been left around Zamora with signs condemning the cristal trade and invoking “ divine justice . ”
I found a drug- rehabilitation center in a scruffy neighborhood .
My appearance caused a stir in the street , partly because I arrived in a police cruiser .
I had gone to the city police after failing to find a rehab clinic through other sources , including local journalists , and although the cops seemed astonished when I walked into their station , they had agreed to help me .
The sergeant who was acting as my guide studied the crowd outside the clinic , frowned , and said that they could not leave me in this barrio .
They would wait .
The clinic was like a cut -rate private jail .
It was one big gloomy locked room , with maybe a hundred beds and extremely stale air .
I got a tour from a trusty , Raymond Ramírez .
He had a shaved head heavily tattooed with gang signs that I recognized from California .
He had lived , he told me , in the Salinas Valley for sixteen years .
“ There ’s a lot of gang - related around Zamora , ” he said , in English .
Ramírez , who said he was an addict himself , had been delivered to the clinic by his aunt , which was typical — families checked in their addicted members , who were forbidden to leave the locked room for a minimum of three months .
I could see , in the shadows , desperate - looking men , some of whom were watching me closely .
I asked Ramírez about his habit .
“ I was smoking weed , ” he said .
“ Sometimes I used to fuck with crack .
The most popular drugs here are coke and crack . ”
I asked about cristal .
“ They took away the meth , ” he said .
“ Couple years ago . ”
“ Who did ?
The police ? ”
Ramírez shook his head , looking half amused .
“ No , ” he said .
“ Not the police . ”
( The clinic ’s director disagrees .
He says there is still a meth problem . )
I asked my police escort to take me to a nearby town , Jacona , where I had heard there was another clinic .
It was a low - roofed place on a hillside .
Inside , I found a beefy , watchful , fair - haired man , who said his name was Armando .
He was the clinic director .
He took me into a tiny office .
There was a small black - and - white monitor in one corner showing a large , noisy meeting in progress .
It was the patients , Armando said , having one of their three mandatory daily meetings .
I could hear shouting , both from somewhere down the hill and , more tinnily , from the monitor , which Armando kept an eye on .
“ We work with tolerance , ” he told me .
“ Not with beatings or mistreatment .
We do n’t destroy their personalities . ”
I had n’t asked about mistreatment .
But I had heard that there were very tough rehab centers in Michoacán , including some run by La Familia , which specialized in destroying personalities and then in recruiting obedient , religious , fiercely sober gang soldiers from among them .
“ We ca n’t solve problems alone , ” Armando said .
“ We need help from God .
The patients have a three - day encounter with God .
We use a twelve - step program .
It ’s the fourth and fifth step . ”
I asked about the most common addictions .
“ Alcohol , ” he said .
“ I ’m an alcoholic .
Drugs .
Rock .
Glue - sniffing .
Meth . ”
Was methamphetamine , then , a problem ?
“ No .
Not now .
The meth problem has disappeared .
Los narcos wo n’t allow it . ”
I was distracted by a gaudy crucifix he was wearing .
I had been told that one way to recognize La Familia members was by their self - ornamentation .
Their standard gear included such a crucifix and a bracelet made from a rosary .
I glanced at Armando ’s wrist .
There was the rosary bracelet .
He denied any connection with La Familia .
Before I got to Zitácuaro , I had a certain idea of how organized crime took over towns , provided me by Lázaro Cárdenas Batel , who was governor of Michoacán from 2002 to 2008 — the period when La Familia rose to dominance .
I met him in Washington , D.C. , where he now lives .
“ There were these incredible scenes in small towns all over Michoacán , ” he said .
“ I would get a call afterward from the mayor .
Ten pickup trucks full of armed men had arrived at the municipality .
The local police could do nothing .
They were outgunned .
But the criminals were very respectful .
They would tell the mayor , ‘ We want to work here .
There will be no trouble , no crime , no drunkenness , nothing . ’
Then they would take over the town , and enforce their rules .
If a boy hit his mother , they would punish him and dump him in the plaza for people to see .
If he did it again , they would kill him .
It was a strategy to gain popular sympathy , and it worked . ”
Mayors are typically paid for their hospitality .
It is plata o plomo — silver or lead .
You take the money or we shoot you and your family .
This composite sketch described a very small town , though , and it left out a lot .
In Zitácuaro , a municipality of a hundred and forty thousand , there are many more moving parts than a mayor , some frightened cops , and a band of outlaws rolling up in Chevrolet Suburbans .
There is a substantial business class , a banking sector , old money , new money — all there to be milked , but each in its own way .
Loan - sharking was widespread in Zitácuaro .
La Familia promised to put a stop to that , and did .
Forestry is a regional industry , poorly regulated .
La Familia confronted loggers , legal and illegal , and “ fined ” them for deforestation .
The mobsters were suddenly environmentalists .
“ La Familia is very adept at collecting taxes , ” one of the former governor ’s advisers told me .
“ Much better than the Treasury is . ”
But the first thing to do was impress the right locals that La Familia was serious .
There was a prominent family , the Orihuelas , active in business and politics in Zitácuaro .
Juan Antonio Ixtláhuac Orihuela , a boyish prodigy known simply as Tonio , was elected mayor of Zitácuaro at twenty - seven .
One of Tonio ’s uncles is said to have employed a young man named Noé Ayala García .
He was from a poor family .
He was bright and ambitious , and , some say , involved in illegal activity .
La Familia cut off his head .
The head was placed , along with the head of another young man , in front of Tonio ’s uncle ’s car dealership .
The message to the Orihuelas was clear .
Last year , Tonio was arrested , on suspicion that he worked for La Familia .
But he was released in March , after ten months in prison and a successful appeal , and he is now back in office as mayor .
For straight extortion , the best targets were the town ’s nouveau riche .
People called them los fresas , the strawberries .
There were enough of them in Zitácuaro to constitute a new class , la fresada .
They drove new cars , wore flashy clothes , did elaborate home renovations .
They were easy to kidnap , and usually able to pay well to get their sons and brothers back alive .
They learned eventually to keep their Mercedeses out of sight .
But if they had successful businesses there was really nowhere to hide .
The family who owned the main local camera shop and film - developing franchise — known behind their backs as los Kodak — were hit hard , I was told .
It was impossible to know for sure , however , since nobody who had been kidnapped and had survived would talk to me .
And almost nobody , it seemed , ever went to the police .
In Mexico , ninety - six per cent of kidnappings are never reported , according to a recent study by a risk - consulting firm .
It is a matter , people believe , best handled privately , as the kidnappers prefer .
The police might be involved on the other side .
Everyone I talked to in Zitácuaro seemed to know someone who had been kidnapped .
I interviewed two teachers , at different schools .
Both had had family members kidnapped .
The pattern , in Zitácuaro , seems to be that , once a ransom demand is met , the victim is released , more or less unharmed .
“ But first , before they let you go , they might ask you for another name , ” one of the teachers said , his face pinched with disgust .
“ Somebody you know whose family has some money , who would be good to kidnap . ”
Following the Iraqi elections earlier this month , the foreign secretary David Miliband announced that " the Iraqi people , voting in their millions , have made clear they want an effective , accountable and inclusive government " .
Yet initial analysis of the elections has been confined to the over - simplistic dichotomy of failure ( Fawaz Gerges 's view ) or success ( Ranj Alaaldin 's view ) .
However , there is another direction that Iraqi politics might take – and for that we should be looking at Beirut in order to understand Baghdad .
Lebanon is an example of institutionalised sectarian power sharing , where the current government of " national unity " includes both pro-Syria Hezbollah ministers and anti-Syrian March 14 ministers .
Putting all parties under one tent is a laborious process .
Following the Iraqi national elections in December 2005 it took 156 days for a government to be formed , and roughly the same amount of time following last year 's Lebanese elections .
In Lebanon , the elections led to a political merry - go - round where the various key players engaged in endless rounds of meetings between themselves and their respective external patrons .
For Lebanon , major questions concerned the balance of power in the country and in particular the assignments of seats within the cabinet itself .
In Iraq , despite the constitution denying a sectarian quota system or identity - based institutionalised access to power , Nadim Shehadi of Chatham House is clear that " Iraq is sharing the Lebanese model : power sharing with a local flavour " .
To speak of Lebanon as a " model " is not to say that this is a positive idea or even a matter of choice .
Examining this model is also not a matter of exact political science that seeks a one - size - fits - all framework to force on to Iraq .
Instead , the history and the dynamics of Lebanon 's political system should act as a touchstone to understanding the fledging body - politic emerging in Iraq .
Both Lebanon and Iraq are weak states that have experienced the collapse of central institutions and have a history of internal conflict and the prominent involvement of external powers .
Syria and Iran in particular are old hands at operating within Lebanon , a country regularly referred to as " a house of many mansions " , or " paradise divided " .
In Iraq , Syria has used its hosting of the largest expatriate Iraqi community ( including former regime elements and tribal connections ) to ensure that it has a continued role influencing events .
Iran , meanwhile , has had a direct hand in the formation of many of the previously exiled groups that now make up the government .
There are numerous complex connections between the Iran and sub -state groups in Iraq .
While the Mahdi army has attempted a welfare - and - guns approach to controlling Sadr city similar to that of Hezbollah in the south of Beirut , the Supreme Islamic Council of Iraq ( SICI ) has looked to go further and create a semi-autonomous super - region incorporating all nine provinces of the oil - rich south .
Iraq 's largest non-state militia is the Kurdish Peshmerga , which – unlike Hezbollah – has been haphazardly incorporated into the Iraqi security forces .
Yet a recent Rand report provided a reminder that the Peshmerga are " a capable army by regional standards , and their heavy equipment holdings could grow " .
The most important comparison with Lebanon , though , is the inability of politicians to deliver .
The massive investment in top - heavy institutions of democracy in Iraq , which are connected to a federated and weak state system , has created instant political elites whose original ties and lineage may be tracked back through sectarian / ethnic ties , but whose real interests increasingly lie in their manoeuvrings in the murky waters of court politics .
In a country where 90 % of government income is from oil , this has led to the " new Iraq " quickly establishing itself on the bottom rungs of Transparency International 's corruption index .
The emergence of the Kurdish Goran ( " change " ) movement and the decrease in voter turnout from 76 % in 2005 to 62 % today are just two symptoms of the increasing dissatisfaction with the mainstream parties .
The International Crisis Group 's Iraq expert , Joost Hiltermann , has demonstrated how despite huge levels of politicisation around the issue of Kirkurk , where every election " turns into a census and quasi - referendum rolled into one " , Iraq 's politicians have been unable to make a dent into providing significant services for the city .
Hiltermann goes on to remind people that in Kirkuk " there are urgent needs for the creation of modern infrastructure , including schools , hospitals , roads , power plants and a service - based economic system " .
The key question is therefore how suitable such a political structure is for dealing with the massive issues faced by Iraq today .
The huge variety of horse - trading in upcoming coalition building may leave little practical possibility for consistency in a future government , meaning that dealing effectively with issues such as the oil law , national reconciliation and federal powers could be virtually impossible .
Last weekend , powerful thunderstorms drenched Tennessee , Kentucky and Mississippi , dumping over 13 inches of rain on the region in two days .
Creeks , lakes and rivers swelled with the rainwater , overflowing their banks , washing away roads , and causing the deaths of at least 24 people so far .
The Cumberland River , which winds through downtown Nashville , Tennessee , crested Monday at 51.9 feet , 12 feet above flood stage , spilling into the city and surrounding neighborhoods .
As the waters are now receding , cleanup and recovery begins , as municipal workers begin to repair power supplies and water treatment plants , and residents return to their homes to recover what they can .
( 38 photos total
Not precisely .
Time is relative , just like space .
There is no universal reference point for space - in a month , the Earth will have moved relative to the sun .
But the sun moves relative to the galactic centre .
And the galactic centre moves relative to the local supercluster .
Why should the time machine jump you forward in time , but keep you in the same position relative to the sun ?
Or the galactic centre ?
Why does n't it instead jump you forward in time and keep you in the same position relative to the Earth , avoiding this issue entirely ?
Similarly to space , time is also relative .
Time flows at a certain rate relative to me .
It flows at a _different_ rate relative to somebody else .
Just like there is no universal spatial reference point , there is also no universal clock .
If you invent a device which can jump you through time relative to your current temporal " position " , presumably it would also have the ability to jump you through space relative to your current spatial position .
Who is Chris and why does he have so many problems ?
From mysterious eye ailments and prematurely dead pets to overdue library fees , Chris has issues and he wants to talk to you about it , preferably at 4 pm over by that tree .
Do n’t forget your credentials and some junk food .
Countless New Yorkers have passed these notes , and untold numbers of them have actually showed up to get a look at this poor , strange guy and his eye infection .
But Chris is n’t a real person .
He ’s the invention of Todd Lamb , a writer , director and self - professed comedy nerd .
The “ Notes from Chris ” project is an ongoing experiment , reading like a parody of the often puzzling and hilarious anonymous ads seen on Craigslist and in local weeklies .
Chris may be kooky , but he undoubtedly has plenty of kindred spirits out there and his notes have become so popular that imitations have sprung up around the world , as far away as Australia .
Lamb ’s work – which includes everything from films and books to television commercials and drawings – has been featured in Big Brother Skateboarding Magazine , Stop Smiling , Radar , SF Weekly , The Riverfront Times and Juxtapoz Art & Culture Magazine .
It seems to me that there 's got to be a way .
My mom was a hairdresser and I ( vaguely ) remember her explaining how a perm works .
It 's a two step process where the first step removes whatever it is that gives the hair its existing wave and then the second step " locks " in the hair 's current position as its new wave .
So you put them in those curlers and then the new wave becomes the curler .
It seems to me the process ought to work the same if you do something where the hair is kept straight instead of curled when the second step is performed .
And then I might be mis-remembering this altogether .
One of the reasons I do n't grow a long goatee is that beard hair often looks ratty when it gets some length .
The other reason is I do n't have enough hairs for it to look decent .
I let it grow to about 2.5 " one time and it just looked sad .
The homeless people were rescued by Pastor Amir Khan , who said he learned about the encampment only six days earlier .
Khan said he amassed more than $ 250,000 for the relocation through business connections and from congregants at his Clementon church , Solid Rock Worship Center .
His nonprofit , the Nehemiah Group , which specializes in transitioning ex-inmates back into society , has promised to take care of the former Tent City residents for a full year .
Article content continued
While most neighbours were supportive , Mr. Teehan said , a vocal few began campaigning to have the existing home designated a heritage property , creating an online petition and sending concerned emails to the office of Councillor Sandra Bussin .
“ I ’ve been here 15 years , and I ’m not happy , ” said Elizabeth Brown , who lives across the street .
While she sympathized with the Teehans ’ plight , she called the proposed rebuild “ excessive and inappropriate ” for a neighbourhood comprised of century - old properties .
“ We do n’t need this to be torn down and replaced with a contemporary cube , ” Ms. Brown said .
“ We need to preserve for the future . ”
” also emerged , with former Beach resident Kirstin Campbell — who now lives in Germany — lamenting the destruction of “ another integral part of the Beaches heritage . ”
Amid heavy criticism from readers , the blog was recently taken offline , but the residents ’ efforts appear to have spurred Ms. Bussin to act .
In community council this week , she introduced a motion asking heritage preservation services staff to report on designating 204 Beech a heritage property ; the motion passed , meaning the Teehans ’ plans to build their new home by 2011 will be put into a holding pattern until the report is complete .
“ It ’s very compelling , ” Ms. Bussin said of the Teehans ’ circumstances .
“ I have great empathy for the family ; however , we ’re dealing with a Beach legacy property that will be gone forever . ”
Available as a shirt via Meat Bun ! [ link ]
Also available in you ’re - taking - damage - red . [ link ]
This is the final reference illustration , rendered with pencils , to be used for the metroid specimen sculpture .
It marks the end of many months of work on designing a reinterpretation of the iconic monster into something that could exist in real life .
The following is a summary of the biological workings of my interpretation of a metroid body , which comprises about half of the work that led to this design .
Some artistic liberty had to be taken for the transition , so please keep that in mind .
Special thanks to Krystaline Fox and Nicole Bouchard for their help !
Basic Physiology of the Metroidby KalapusaDeath by metroid is , by design , as painful as it gets , since its survival depends on overstimulating the nerve systems of live prey in order to detour and absorb the resulting electric current before it consumes the body .
The process of consumption can be traced and explained visually , as the rather unique assembly of organs can be seen through its seemingly impenetrable shell .
Once its claws latch onto a victim's head , four electrodes surround a cavity that functions as a mouth / anus combo .
These are used to jack into the body 's nerve system and trick it into a state of complete pain , so that it may steal the resulting electric charges .
The victim basically is electrocuted by charges produced in its own body while the metroid gathers as much as it can before the host dies .
Once the victim perishes , the metroid is unable to exploit its chemistry any longer and then proceeds to consume the flesh of the cooked brain , leaving the rest of the body for later consumption as needed .
Right above its oral cavity is the equivalent of a crop , where food is broken down further before being sent to be digested and processed in four separate stomachs , each with their own specialty .
Most of this is used to support cell regeneration , but it manages to convert some of the material into electricity by sending it to one of four organs , each right above the claw muscles .
Energy collected directly from prey or by digestion is sent from here to be stored in the uppermost organ , which also carries minimal brain functions .
Its thought capability is a subject of ongoing debate , most believing that despite the size , complexity and high energy of the brain , it is driven merely by the attraction to more energy .
The end result is a collection of energy substantial enough to use as a form of defense without fear of depletion .
Electricity permeates throughout the metroid 's body , keeping it harmful to the touch , but its main defense is through a direct expulsion of powerful charges through four veiny stems .
When the electric mediums are in play , it may reacquire static electricity in its proximity by absorbing it back into a pair of organs at the mediums base , before being sent back to the main energy storage .
Although it survives upon the surplus of consumption , the metroid can overdo it and must periodically release excess energy .
Its effectiveness in collecting it makes it dangerously sought after as an energy source , despite its reputation as a major ecological threat .
There may be enough oxygen in the waters of Jupiter 's moon Europa to support millions of tons worth of fish , according to a new study .
And while nobody is suggesting there might actually be fish on Europa , this finding suggests the Jovian satellite could be capable of supporting the kinds of life familiar to us here on Earth , if only in microbial form .
Europa , which is roughly the size of Earth 's moon , is enveloped by a global ocean about 100 miles deep ( 160 km ) , with an icy crust that may be only a few miles thick .
From what we know of Earth , where there is water , there is a chance at life , so for many years scientists have speculated that this Jovian moon could support extraterrestrials .
As we learned more about Jupiter 's effect on its moons , the possibility for life on Europa grew even more likely .
Studies showed the moon could have enough oxygen to support the kind of life we are most familiar with on Earth .
IN PICTURES : Jupiter
The ice on the surface , like all water , is made from hydrogen and oxygen , and the constant stream of radiation pouring in from Jupiter reacts with this ice to form free oxygen and other oxidants such as hydrogen peroxide .
The reactivity of oxygen is key to generating the energy that helped multi-cellular life flourish on our planet .
Still , researchers had thought there was no effective method for delivering any of this oxygen - rich matter into Europa 's ocean .
Scientists had assumed the primary way for surface materials to migrate downward was from the impacts it would suffer from cosmic debris , which regularly bombards everything in our solar system .
[ Photos of Jupiter 's moons . ]
However , past calculations suggested that even after a few billion years , such " impact gardening " would never lead to an oxygenated layer more than some 33 feet ( 10 meters ) deep into the ice shell , nowhere far enough down to reach the underlying ocean .
However , the new study suggests this oxygen - rich layer could be far thicker than before thought , potentially encompassing the entire crust .
The key is looking at other ways to stir Europa 's crust , explained researcher Richard Greenberg , a planetary scientist at the University of Arizona 's Lunar and Planetary Laboratory at Tucson .
The gravitational pull Europa experiences from Jupiter leads to tidal forces roughly 1,000 times stronger than what Earth feels from our moon , flexing and heating Europa and making it very active geologically .
This could explain why its surface appears no older than 50 million years old — its surface underwent complete turnover in that time .
A major resurfacing process on Europa seems to be the formation of double ridges , which cover at least half of its surface .
Tidal forces may be causing fresh ice from below — probably newly frozen ocean water — to push upward and over the surface , where it would slowly get oxygenated .
As ridges pile on top of ridges , older material gets buried , shoving this oxygen - rich matter downward .
After one or two billion years , this process alone could spread oxidants throughout the entire crust , thus reaching the ocean , Greenberg calculated .
Other mechanisms could help stir Europa 's crust also .
Parts of the surface could partially melt from below , leading rafts of ice to break loose and tumble around before they froze back in place .
Roughly 40 percent of Europa 's crust appears to be covered with the ensuing " chaotic terrain . "
Also , as matter comes up from below and widens cracks , the nearby surface crumples , burying some material .
These extra processes could help push some oxidants downward , but it would still take at least two billion years or so before radiation loaded the entire crust with oxygen .
As ice on the base of this oxygenated crust melts , even with the most conservative assumptions , after only a half - million years oxidant levels in the ocean would reach the minimum oxygen concentration seen in Earth 's oceans , which on Earth is enough to support small crustaceans , Greenberg found .
In only 12 million years , oxidant concentrations would reach the same saturation levels of Earth 's oceans , enough to support our largest sea life .
Given the cold temperatures and high pressures likely seen in Europa 's ocean , it could actually take in more oxygen than Earth 's oceans could before its water reached its saturation point .
" I was surprised at how much oxygen could get down there , " Greenberg said .
One concern about all this oxygen was that it might actually do more harm than good .
The extraordinary reactivity of oxygen could in principle disrupt the chemical processes that are thought to lead to the origin of life and that may have been an aspect of early life .
On Earth , life had more than a billion years to evolve , before oxygen became plentiful in the atmosphere , and that delay gave organisms plenty of time to develop genetic mechanisms and physical structures that allowed them to use oxygen , instead of being destroyed by it .
The delay of 1 to 2 billion years before oxygen in Europa 's crust made its way into its ocean is roughly the same amount of time it took life on Earth to develop before oxygen became a problem , so life might have enough of a respite to develop on the Jovian moon .
Assuming life on Europa respired at rates similar to fish on Earth , the continuous rate of oxygen delivery there could sustain roughly 3 million metric tons of life , Greenberg said .
One might not have to wait for a probe to land on Europa to detect any oxygen there .
" Spectroscopy done by telescopes on Earth or in orbit can tell what substances are mixed into the ice , " Greenberg said .
Greenberg detailed his findings May 6 in the journal Astrobiology .
IN PICTURES : Jupiter
While the other snowboard companies are thinking of all the different ways to bend boards from tip to tail , Bataleon snowboards patented the idea of bending your base from rail to rail since 1997 .
Their Triple Base Technology is offered on all their snowboards in a variety of flavors for twin for park and rails , freestyle for all - around riding and freeride for setback freeriding and enhanced to float in the powder .
Their Triple Base Technology ( TBT ) creates a dynamic base split into 3 parts .
It allows for normal camber over the entire length of the board which gives stability at high speeds , support , distributes the riders weight and pressure evenly among the edge .
At the same time , the triple base lifts the steel edges progressively towards the nose and tail taking the aggressiveness away from the widest parts of the board but gives you all the edgegrip you may want at a slight tilt of the board .
In my opinion , Bataleon is like the jager of snowboarding .
It ’s in it ’s own category but after one shot … you are hooked .
Bataleon Fun.Kink
Features :
A fun board to jib around on with a good flex to boardslide kinks and features poplar poplar wood core , super strong sidewalls , freestyle TBT , extraduded 2000 base , Tri-ax over the woodcore and bi-ax under the core , 4×4 extra wide pattern .
Sizes : 149 , 153 , 157
Bataleon Violenza ( Women’s )
Features : TBT combines forgiveness with performance , the violenza will let you progress like nothing else .
Featuring poplar beech core , super strong sidewalls , freestyle TBT , extraduded 2000 base , Tri-ax over the woodcore and bi-ax under the core , 4×2 precise pattern , custom stone grind .
Sizes : 145 , 149 , 153
Bataleon Fun. Kink ( left ) , Bataleon Rocker ( Center ) , Bataleon Violenza ( right )
[ singlepic id=9033 w=600 h=900 float= ]
Bataleon Fun. Kink Rocker ( US Edition )
Features : Triple Base Technology ( the name is rocker but the technology is TBT ) , poplar woodcore , super strong sidewalls , freestyle TBT , extraduded 2000 base , Tri-ax over the woodcore and bi-ax under the core , 4×2 precise pattern , custom stone grind .
Sizes : 149 , 153 , 157 , 157W
Photo of base
[ singlepic id=9030 w=600 h=900 float= ]
The Bataleon Rocker is basically the Fun. Kink Rocker US Edition , here ’s a video that I did at SIA with Bataleon about the board coming out .
2010 - 2011 Bataleon Fun. Kink Rocker from Shayboarder on Vimeo .
Bataleon Goliath
Features :
This board is a true do - it - all shred machine featuring poplar beech woodcore , super strong sidewalls , freestyle TBT , synthduded 2555 base , Tri-ax over the woodcore and bi-ax under the core , 4×2 precise pattern , custom stone grind .
Sizes : 153 , 157 , 157W , 161 , 161W , 164
Bataleon The Jam
Features :
This board is the swiss army knife of snowboards for aggressive riders featuring poplar core with sidecut active hardwood reinforcements along the sidewall , extra reinforced impact zones in binding areas , super strong sidewalls , freestyle TBT , synthered 3000 base , quadrax over and under the core , 4×2 precise pattern , carbon enforced , custom stone grind .
Sizes : 157 , 161 , 161W , 164
Bataleon Goliath ( left ) and Bataleon The Jam ( right )
[ singlepic id=9039 w=600 h=955 float= ]
Bataleon Enemy +++
Features : Comes as tech as it gets with all the trimmings : crazy amounts of carbon , the tech - est of cores , fastest base material available and an edge system enhanced with titanal make the Enemy +++.
Poplar lite wood core , rubber titanium speedwalls , freestyle TBT , nano hai lite speed base material , Tri-ax over the woodcore and bi-ax under the core , 4×2 precise pattern , carbon enforced , kevlar enhanced , custom stone grind .
Sizes : 157 , 161 , 164
Bataleon Omni
Features :
This board loves whatever you throw at it , with a setback stance , freeride shape and perfect flex this board is for those who love cruising around the hill .
Poplar beech core , super strong sidewalls , freeride TBT , synthduded 2555 base , Tri-ax over the woodcore and bi-ax under the core , 4×2 precise pattern , custom stone grind .
Sizes : 159 , 163 , 167
Bataleon Enemy ( left ) and Bataleon Omni ( right )
[ singlepic id=9038 w=500 h=845 float= ]
Bataleon Project Green
Features :
In an ever evolving project , Bataleon continues to bring you a board with the most advanced eco materials and production methods available like FSC certified core , recycled base and sidewall materials , non oil based topsheet material and a soy wax finish .
Features freeride TBT , Tri-ax over the woodcore and bi-ax under the core , 4×2 precise pattern , custom stone grind .
Sizes : 159 , 163
Bataleon Undisputed
Features :
The ultimate freeride board build on freeride TBT with a drawn out nose , tapered tail and the whole triple base shape is moved back with the inserts set back pattern .
Features poplar birch core , super strong sidewalls , freeride TBT , synthered 3000 base , quadrax over and under the core , carbon enforced , kevlar enhanced , custom stone grind .
Sizes : 159 , 163 , 167
Bataleon Project Green ( left ) and Undisputed ( right )
[ singlepic id=9037 w=600 h=743 float= ]
Bataleon Evil Twin Classic
Features :
The evil twin is the total package for those riders seeking speed , stability , durability and comfort featuring TBT , poplar beech core , super strong sidewalls , twin TBT , synthduded 2555 base , Tri-ax over the woodcore and bi-ax under the core , 4×2 precise pattern , carbon reinfornced , custom stone grind .
Sizes : 147 , 151 , 155 , 159
[ singlepic id=9034 w=600 h=900 float= ]
Bataleon Artist Edition Series : Bataleon x Antistrot Collective
Features :
This year Bataleon combines the fresh art of the crazy Antistrot collective with the all new ET shape .
Features true twin shape , poplar beech core , super strong sidewalls , twin TBT , synthduded 2555 base , Tri-ax over the woodcore and bi-ax under the core , 4×2 precise pattern , carbon reinforced , custom stone grind .
Sizes : 151 , 154 , 157
[ singlepic id=9032 w=600 h=900 float= ]
Bataleon Riot
Features : Bring a little aggression into your session .
Packed with all the features that made this a true hi-end twin , kevlar enforced , 4 x glass laminates , smooth rubber enhanced flex walls , hardwood impact zones , twin TBT , custom stone grind and a healthy dose of positive camber .
Sizes : 155 , 159
Bataleon Evil Twin
Features :
The perfect twin board taken to the next level with poplar beech core , super strong sidewalls , twin TBT , sythnduded 2555 base , Tri-ax over the woodcore and bi-ax under the core , 4×2 precise pattern , carbon enforced , custom stone grind .
Sizes : 151 , 154 , 157
Bataleon Distortia ( Women’s )
Features :
The distoria is made for park but can do everything anywhere with a slimmed down TBT , quick edge to edge , forgiving with massive amounts of pop .
Features poplar core with hardwood enforcements along the sidewalls and extra hardwood in the binding area , super strong sidewalls , twin TBT , synthduded 2555 base , Tri-ax over the woodcore and bi-ax under the core , 4×2 precise pattern , carbon enforced , custom stone grind .
Sizes : 143 , 147 , 151
L-R : Bataleon Fun.Kink , Riot , Evil Twin , Artist Edition , Distoria
[ singlepic id=9040 w=900 h=789 float= ]
Bataleon Airobic ( no picture at this time )
Features : Strictly meant for on - snow workouts that will let you bend and flex like never before .
Features poplar wood core , super strong sidewalls , twin TBT , extraduded 2000 base , Tri-ax over the woodcore and bi-ax under the core , 4×4 precise pattern , custom stone grind .
Sizes : 147 , 151 , 155 , 159
You love a video game and you want a sequel .
So you decide , with friends , to make one .
A decade passes ; your game never gets done .
The companies that own the original games have shut you down twice .
This is when it might be time for David to agree that Goliath has won .
Advertisement
But past the point when you 've been called naive — when it just makes no sense to fight anymore because you 've jumped through the hoops , you 've landed splat on your face and you 're now dreaming of a $ 75,000 gamble to finally release your game — there is a glimmer of hope .
Goliath may appreciate your fighting spirit , after all .
Ten years ago , a group of fans of the legendary computer adventure game series King 's Quest decided that they , on their own , would make a ninth game in the series .
Five years later they received their first cease - and - desist letter from a massive corporation .
A little over two months ago they received their second .
Today , the project known as The Silver Lining suddenly sparkles with a glimmer of hope .
Advertisement
The amateur development team , who call themselves Phoenix Online Studios , believe good news might at last be coming their way again .
Activision , the company that owns King 's Quest and the company so many gamers love to hate , may let this stalled project revive once more .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
" Given the overwhelming community support for the Silver Lining project , " a company statement released to Kotaku on Sunday read , " Activision is in discussions with Phoenix Online Studios about allowing them to continue to finish the game and then release it to their fans . "
David has been fighting this fight for a while .
The Quest For An Ending
A decade ago , Activision had nothing to do with the game that would be King 's Quest IX .
Neither did Katie Hallahan and Rich Flores , two King 's Quest fans who would eventually devote seven years — and counting — of their lives to the sequel .
Advertisement
At its inception , in 2000 , King 's Quest IX was going to be a simple game , a fan - made sequel to a beloved adventure game series that had become neglected by its owners , the massive conglomerate , Vivendi Universal .
Advertisement
The first King 's Quest was released in 1984 , its sequels leading an 80s charge of text - driven ( and , later , point - and - click ) graphical adventure games from Sierra Entertainment .
They were sensations , some of the most popular video games on computers .
But by 2000 King 's Quest was on the decline , its eighth installment , released in 1998 , a disappointment to fans .
Creator Roberta Williams had retired and Sierra was in the process of being subsumed into far larger corporations .
In the decade to follow , the adventures of King Graham and the rest of Williams ' cast of characters would see no official follow - up .
Advertisement
" I liked the games when I was a kid , " Hallahan recalled in an interview with Kotaku in Boston in late March .
" It was n't a story that got a proper ending or a proper conclusion . "
Hallahan is 29 .
She works in education .
Since she graduated college , she 's been one of many people to have a side project : Giving King 's Quest that next chapter , possibly its last .
The Phoenix Online Studios King 's Quest IX endeavor was going to give the series its fitting end .
The Phoenix team was n't a standard video game development group .
No one was working on the game full - time .
No one was even a professional game developer .
They had no office ; most of the team had n't met each other in person .
They were located around the world : in the U.S. , in Venezuela , the Netherlands , Canada , Sweden , Australia and more , all King 's Quest fans finding time on the side to make a dream project .
Advertisement
A rare - in person meeting of some of the Phoenix Online Studios principals : Neil Rodrigues ( Programmer ) , Richard Flores ( Art Director and Director ) , Petter Holmberg ( Programming Lead ) , Michael Fortunato ( Art Director ) , Katie Hallahan ( Co- Designer and Public Relations ) , Cesar Bittar ( Director and Designer )
Advertisement
Rich Flores , a computer animator in Montreal , joined the project in 2001 .
He was 22 .
" I thought — we all thought - this game would be out before I hit 30 , " he told Kotaku in late March .
He is now 31 .
A year later , Massachusetts - based Hallahan joined .
" Maybe when we were starting off we did n't really know what we were doing , the scope , what 's manageable and what 's not , " she said .
" But I think with as much as we 've learned in the eight to 10 years we 've been working on it , we have a good idea of what 's do - able . "
Advertisement
The lessons were hard , not just because there were some long hours , days and weeks of work .
Not just because it's hard to corral an international operation .
Not just because everyone , at some point loses hope , especially when the fans not working on the game wonder what in the world is taking so long , why the deadlines keeo slipping .
Sometimes , to make matters worse , the people who have the right to make a King 's Quest sequel show up and remind you :
You do n't .
Advertisement
The Defeat That Would Be A Victory That Was Actually Something Else
Advertisement
King 's Quest IX has n't been called " King 's Quest IX " in five years , because no one is allowed to call it that .
In 2005 , the year Hallahan , Flores and the rest of the Phoenix Online Studios project thought they would release their conclusion to Roberta Williams ' royal saga , they instead got a letter from Vivendi Universal telling them to stop .
Advertisement
Neither Hallahan , nor Flores , nor Phoenix Online Studios director Cesar Bittar , nor any of the 20 or so King 's Quest fans making the game actually owned the rights to King 's Quest .
Vivendi did .
And Vivendi told the fan developers to cease and desist .
This was bad , but then came the reprieve .
Late in 2005 , following a fan protest , Vivendi announced , in an article written by me for MTV News , that the Phoenix developers would be allowed to release their game , so long as they did n't sell it and did n't call it King 's Quest .
Advertisement
The game was renamed The Silver Lining and , in theory , the most awful part of this saga was past .
" That felt like that was the biggest hurdle we could have faced , " Hallahan said .
" And we got past it , which is amazing to feel that . "
Flores recalled the project taking flight after that .
" Since the whole Vivendi thing , we always worked under the impression that , either way , we will release this game . "
Advertisement
Incidentally , 2005 may be the last year Flores played a King 's Quest .
He loved the games , but the old ones get old .
Plus , he'd become disaffected with video games , turned off by all the first - person shooters .
He wanted something more like King 's Quest .
But to get back to King 's Quest he'd need something new , like the game he was making .
After the Vivendi fan agreement appeared to be locked in , there was silence .
The Silver Lining did n't suddenly come out , as some fans hoped .
Advertisement
Four years passed , and the moment finally came when it seemed fair to ask if maybe they were just being naive .
Advertisement
Image of The Silver Lining , from 2005 ( as is the one atop this post )
Activision , Have Mercy
Consider these fans , all working day jobs , all inching the project along in the side hours .
Advertisement
Flores and Hallahan are both co-directors of the game today but they said that every co-director quit at some point .
Flores dropped out for six months , burnt out and frustrated .
Then he came back , because , with distance , he realized , " That was a good project and I put so much into it I want to see it to the end . "
But they were just fans .
They were just amateurs .
And Vivendi Universal Games by 2008 was merging with Activision , and Activision Blizzard , the company that has millions hooked on World of Warcraft and makes billions from Call of Duty — a company that could become angry with the creators of one of its golden geese and fire them — just might be a hard company for a group of fan - developers who have no rights to King 's Quest to deal with .
Advertisement
In mid 2009 , with The Silver Lining again close to release , the game 's directors discovered that their agreement with Vivendi , that document that had applied such a kick in 2005 , was compromised .
It might not count .
Flores , Hallahan and the rest of the team had learned in 2007 that they needed everyone who had ever worked on The Silver Lining to sign away their rights to their work , to vow that they did not claim to own a piece of the game .
Given the number of people who had been involved in the project at one time or another , they gathered more than 150 virtual signatures .
Advertisement
But that was n't good enough .
In mid-2009 , The Silver Lining team discovered they had to provide physical signatures , not virtual ones .
They gathered 120 of them .
Their contact at Activision , Rod Rigole , switched departments , taking on a role as vice president of legal affairs for Activision 's World of Warcraft studio , Blizzard .
He told them , Flores and Hallahan said , that it was too late to seal the old deal .
That great 2005 Vivendi agreement ?
It was scrapped .
( Activision did not respond to Kotaku requests for clarification about this timeline and Rigole 's involvement . )
Advertisement
The creators of The Silver Lining , on the cusp of finally , really , releasing their game were once again starting over in their quest for legitimacy .
They were back to having no legal right to be doing what they were trying to do .
The Silver Lining folks got the sense that Activision had forgotten about them or , worse , had them confused with other fan projects .
Their ties were frayed .
Their chances seemed shaky .
But in December of last year they submitted a build of the first episode of their game to Activision .
It was at that point , Hallahan said , " we learn that they know nothing about the game or the team . "
Advertisement
Activision started asking questions .
Flores and Hallahan said they took that as a sign of interest , maybe progress .
But in February came something other than a question .
It was a letter from Activision : cease and desist .
The Silver Lining
Activision put a stop to The Silver Lining in February 2010 .
It blocked the game from coming out .
Its letter forced the amateur development team to wipe their webpage of any assets related to the game .
In late March , a month after the cease and desist , that still hurt .
Advertisement
" It 's a shame that Activision wants to wipe it out of history , " Flores said to me in Boston .
" We ca n't even leave a record of it behind ? "
The hurt would have been less , he said , if they were being shut down because a new King 's Quest was in development .
" If they were making an official game ... I would be like , ' It sucks that our project is going off but at least there will be something new . ' "
Advertisement
This would have been the time to give up , perhaps .
More than nine years of work down the drain , a functioning and professional - looking King 's Quest sequel stymied right as it was ready for launch .
All - nighters for nothing .
Stress for nothing .
No satisfying conclusion for The Silver Lining , no more than there was for Roberta Williams ' series .
" This is the longest job I 've had , " Hallahan told me right about that time in March when things to any outsider would have seemed lost .
Advertisement
Said Flores : " This is the longest job I 've enjoyed . "
In late March , Flores and Hallahan told me that they still thought there was hope .
If Activision would just talk to them , maybe something would come of it .
" It 's just this one last hurdle we need to get past , " Flores said .
Advertisement
Or , they suggested , they could buy King 's Quest .
They had heard a rumor — one Activision would n't comment on to Kotaku — that the company had tried to sell the King 's Quest series a couple of years ago .
And maybe , for the price they heard it was going for , for $ 25,000 or $ 75,000 , these fan developers would be able to buy it .
Maybe Activision , which was n't speaking to them as developers , would speak to them as business people .
And if that did n't work , at least Phoenix Online Studios would make some other games , games they owned , games they could sell , games that would n't get tangled up like The Silver Lining .
Advertisement
Richard Flores and Katie Hallahan
April 2010 , however , was quiet .
For most of the past month , Activision did not call back .
The company did not make it known whether King 's Quest could be had for any amount of dollars .
Advertisement
Last week , Kotaku started pressing Activision for comment on all of this .
The company 's Thursday announcement of a deal with Bungie was in the headlines , but for Phoenix Online Studios , all they 'd had was quiet hope .
And then , as the week came to a close , it happened .
Activision got in touch .
" We finally had a response , " Hallahan told Kotaku this past Saturday .
A day later , the company issued Kotaku the statement printed higher in this story .
" This situation came to our attention a few months ago , " the company 's statement had begun .
Now , they were responding , and responding with a dose of hope .
Advertisement
" It seems more and more appropriate all the time that the game is called The Silver Lining , " Hallahan told Kotaku back in late March when things were still bleak .
" No matter how many stumbling blocks we run into , whether it 's random bickering about tiny issues between us or getting a cease and desist a second time , we 're always looking for the silver lining on those situations .
Alright , we 've got this in front of us now , what can we do with it ? "
As shocking as it might seem , a decade after trying to make a sequel they had no right to make , The Silver Lining team is on the precipice of the most unexpected of outcomes : Victory .
Advertisement
The Quest is nearly complete .
Unzbin : as uTorrent is to Torrents , Unzbin is to NZBs - Lightweight , Simplistic and Easy to Use
The Foxconn suicide mess all started from job stress .
Within half a year , there were 9 suicide attempts , with 7 confirmed deaths in Foxconn ’s factory in Shenzhen , China .
In order to find out what ’s really going on in that factory , the Southern Weekly , described by The New York Times as China ’s most influential liberal newspaper , sent an amateur reporter to slip into Foxconn ’s factory to pose as a worker and the mission is to find out the truth about the suicide cluster .
The deaths of the workers in Foxconn have caused a lot of noise in the IT world .
Macs , iPods , iPhones and iPads are all assembled in Foxconn ’s factory of China .
And now , without any explanations , workers who are assembling these gadgets have gone crazy and some of them killed themselves .
After the sixth suicide attempt happened in April , Southern Weekly ’s amateur reporter , Liu Zhi Yi , arranged to slip into Foxconn ’s factory ... while another senior reporter , Yang Ji Bin , conducted interviews with the senior management .
Together , they have found out the real living conditions of Foxconn workers .
...
Every single one of the workers is living through life like a clock .
They work , they get off , they go to sleep .
And the next day , they repeat the same thing again .
The reporter thinks that the only way to stop this cycle is for them to end their lives .
If you are wondering if they are happy for producing Apple products , the answer is No .
They are only happy on the 10th of every month , that ’s the day when they get their salaries .
On the 10th , the ATMs are fully crowded with workers and their salaries start from $ 900 Chinese Yuan ( about $ 130 ) .
There ’s one special agreement workers could choose to sign for before starting to work .
The workers could sign a voluntary overtime working agreement so the factory is not responsible for their long hours of working .
Anyway , they still have public holidays just like anyone .
Next , revolutionary and magical gadgets including iPhones and iPads are assembled by these workers and almost all devices in the market come from them .
Most of the workers have no comments about the popular Apple products since they have never dreamed of owning the gadgets since their salaries are only enough to buy a knockoff version .
While the gadget nerds are discussing how to spend their money on Apple ’s iProducts , these workers are discussing about how to spend their money on those cheap knockoff iPhones .
This Southern Weekly reporter also had some chats with the workers during meal times .
Some of them told him that they admired those workers who got sick leave approvals so they could get some rest .
They also discussed their jobs to know more about the dangers .
When they talk about the suicide cluster in the factory , they are [ nearly ] speechless and some of them even made some jokes [ about ] those suicide attempts .
...
Moreover , the workers always dream of being rich someday .
To fulfill this dream , they would use part of their salaries to buy lottery tickets .
They also put their hopes on horse - racing gambling too .
Friendship is a big problem in the factory .
There are some workers who do not know the names of their roommates even though they have worked together for a long time .
...
What ’s more , the workers are superstitious in some ways .
Previously , there have been some accidents like a worker having his finger cut off during the production of devices .
Now , a few workers in the factory think that the machines are cursed , so it ’s dangerous for them to use the machines for their jobs .
Also , one of the workers said that he constantly wanted to drop something on the floor so he could bend down to pick it up while working .
Due to the long hours standing ( up to 8 hours ) , if he had the chance to lie or squat down on the floor , it would be the most enjoyable moment during the work day [ so ] he could get the chance to rest .
My Conclusion :
With over 400,000 workers in the Foxconn factory of China , it will be a mess if workers are mistreated badly .
It ’s definitely a pity for them to carry out mass production of iProducts while not being able to afford one .
Some of them even killed themselves from the working pressure and I wish Foxconn could produce a better working environment like providing shopping malls , cinemas or karaoke to entertain them .
Destress rooms are probably not enough to fix their stress and I ’m afraid it ’s a silly idea since it may lead the stressed worker to kill someone else .
Also , Foxconn needs to give more human rights to their workers and show more concern for them .
Foxconn , please do n’t treat your workers like dogs .
If Foxconn does not solve the problem , there will be more suicides .
The workers definitely need beer , romance , and slightly higher pay .
To put it simply , just make them happy .
Let ’s hope we do n’t see a 10th jump …
[ Southern Weekly ]
Chris Chang writes for M.I.C Gadgets , where this article was originally published .
It is reprinted here with permission .
brian91
Senior Member
Ireland
Joined 3929 days ago
335 posts - 437 votes
Speaks : English *
Studies : French
Message 1 of 67 09 May 2010 at 11:35 am | IP Logged
Hi , take a look through this article and tell me what you think .
I plan on doing this with Spanish or another
language this summer for three months and see where it takes me :
'' If you are thinking about studying Italian , you are probably wondering how long it is going to take you to
achieve fluency .
In this article , I will explain how you can achieve basic fluency in Italian in 3 months or less by
following this plan .
The truth is that many students end up taking Italian language classes for many years and still cannot
understand real Italian conversation .
I also know many students who have achieved fluency in Italian or in other
foreign languages in less than 3 months .
Before I get more into the plan , I should note that those of you who already know another romance language like
Spanish or French will find this much easier to do .
Also , if you have studied a foreign language that was n’t
necessarily a romance one , you will still have a slight advantage .
For those of you who have never studied a
foreign language before , you may find that the process takes you a bit more time because you are not used to
learning foreign languages yet .
However , you should know that it is definitely possible to achieve basic fluency in Italian in 3 months as long as
you stay committed to studying Italian each and every day for a serious amount of time .
Let ’s go over some basic numbers so that you can see for yourself what is required to get to the basic fluency
level in Italian .
In European languages , the 1000 most commonly used words make up 85 % of common speech .
The 3000 most
commonly used words make up 95 % of common speech .
In order to achieve basic fluency in Italian , we need to
hit the 95 % mark which means a total of 3000 words .
Additionally , many experts in languages say that in order to become fluent in languages like Italian , Spanish or
French , 200 hours of active study time is required .
So , because you are going to study for 3 months , you will have 90 days of study .
This means learning about 33
new Italian words per day .
If you devote 2 hours to this study process , you will get 180 hours of study in by the
end of 3 months which is basically the 200 hours recommended by language experts .
You might think that learning 33 new Italian words per day is too hard .
But consider the fact that you are going
to be studying 2 hours everyday .
This means you learn 16 words per hour or about 1 word every 4 minutes .
Take into consideration the fact that many coganates exist between Italian and English like the English word
“ international ” being “ internazionale ” in Italian and you will see that you will be able to pick up many Italian
words in less than 5 seconds .
However , we should remember that you wo n’t have all 2 hours to devote entirely to the study of new words .
Remember that you will want to review words that you have learned in the past and also make sure you are
picking up important things like correct grammar .
After all this , however , you should still have enough time to
reach your goal of basic Italian fluency .
If you are able to study Italian actively for 2 hours per day and reach the goal of learning 3000 Italian words by
the end of 3 months ’ time , you will have achieved basic Italian fluency .
The important thing to remember here is
that you need to stay committed each and every day to your Italian studies and take each step seriously .
If you
are able to stick with it each day and progress , then you will attain fluency in Italian . ''
So what do you think ?
This definitely seems possible , but is it feasible ?
Has anybody here done this ?
Do you
think I could have a great conversation ( or even a reasonable one ) with three - thousand words ?
If true , this could
change my language learning forever .
If not , I guess it 's still a great way to get started .
I used to think that
something like 20,000 words or more were needed for fluency .
I like to look through multi-lingual dictionaries
and observe the words .
But I 've seen that words like '' adhesive ' ' do n't make the lists of a language 's three -
thousand most common words .
All the best ,
Brian
4 persons have voted this message useful
http://www.babylonia-ti.ch/BABY207/PDF/mondria.pdf &nbs p ; - see ' myth nr.1 ' for one answer to your question .
Simple English proves that if you choose your words wisely you can circumlocute effectively with relatively few words .
Now you only need to find a native speaker who will get it , and use only words that are hard to simplify , without any attempt at being precise :)
Otherwise it will be a one way conversation .
3 persons have voted this message useful
draoicht
Groupie
Ireland
Joined 4798 days ago
89 posts - 146 votes
Speaks : English *
Studies : Spanish
Message 3 of 67 09 May 2010 at 1:58 pm | IP Logged
Rather than using a frequency list , I think you would be better off using a version of Listening - Reading i.e. reading a book in your target language and listening to the audiobook that goes with it .
I think this is better than using a frequency list as you will come across the most frequent words as a matter of course , you 'll see the words in context rather than as standalone words and by using the audiobook you 'll hear how they sound and can shadow the audio if you want .
Input unknown words in their sentences into an SRS and review at your leisure .
At two hours a day you would get through a good few books in 3 months
The author of the article says that it takes 200 hours to reach basic fluency in a romance language while FSI says 600 hours , a difference of opinion maybe ?
Edited by draoicht on 09 May 2010 at 2:05 pm
4 persons have voted this message useful
brian91
Senior Member
Ireland
Joined 3929 days ago
335 posts - 437 votes
Speaks : English *
Studies : French
Message 4 of 67 09 May 2010 at 2:10 pm | IP Logged
Kubelek wrote :
http://www.babylonia-ti.ch/BABY207/PDF/mondria.pdf &nbs p ; - see ' myth nr.1 ' for one
answer to your question .
Simple English proves that if you choose your words wisely you can circumlocute effectively with relatively few
words .
Now you only need to find a native speaker who will get it , and use only words that are hard to simplify , without
any attempt at being precise :)
Otherwise it will be a one way conversation .
That 's an interesting article .
Here 's a direct link in case anyone here is too lazy to copy and paste like me :D
http://www.babylonia-
ti.ch/BABY207/PDF/mondria.pdf
2 persons have voted this message useful
Students learn Spanish at FSI in four months .
It 's possible with Spanish , Italian , etc , if you have a good ability and are , most importantly ; very motivated .
For very hard languages , not so much .
I became basically fluent in about 5 months with about 2 hour study everyday , given I was in an immersed environment ( I used FSI and Pimsluer ) .
3000 words is enough for any basic conversation about day to day topics .
You will need all common grammar structures internalized .
You will also need to circumlocute frequently , which is a skill that partly depends on your verbal ability , but can be practiced .
I can't see doing this without an SRS , a good routine , and very frequent conversation to be continuously activating words and grammar structures , as well as provide context .
4 persons have voted this message useful
brian91
Senior Member
Ireland
Joined 3929 days ago
335 posts - 437 votes
Speaks : English *
Studies : French
Message 6 of 67 09 May 2010 at 5:26 pm | IP Logged
I ( re ) discovered this on the website today ( it 's by Francois , the founder ) :
'' One of the most common questions I get asked is ' How many words do I need to learn ? ' .
The answer is of
course to learn any many as you can , but I can be more precise .
Some words are very common while others are rarely ever seen .
This means that you can understand a large part
of mosts texts with only a limited number of words .
How many exactly is a question that you can answer with a
lexemic frequency dictionary .
These dictionaries are made by taking an extremely large corpus of texts ( books ,
newspapers , etc... ) , grouping each words by lexemes and listing how many times they came up in the corpus .
A
lexeme is a ' unique ' word that does not depend on conjugation or plurals or declensions .
For instance the
lexeme ' to be ' would cover ' am , is , are , were ' etc ...
These lexemic frequency dictionaries were made during the Cold War for the purpose of computerized
automatic surveillance of other countries - especially Russia .
I have one such dictionary in digital format for Russian .
With the files I was able to create a graph of frequency
versus rank :
The result is that :
the 75 most common words make up 40 % of occurences
the 200 most common words make up 50 % of occurences
the 524 most common words make up 60 % of occurences
the 1257 most common words make up 70 % of occurences
the 2925 most common words make up 80 % of occurences
the 7444 most common words make up 90 % of occurences
the 13374 most common words make up 95 % of occurences
the 25508 most common words make up 99 % of occurences
This shows clearly that vocabulary frequency follows both the law of Pareto ( 80 % of occurences by only 20 % of
words ) and the law of diminishing returns .
So yes you can probably read any text with only 3000 or 5000 words , but you will always miss some key words .
You can't really say that all you need is 3000 words although this certainly gets you to a more or less
autonomous stage in your learning , from which you can learn many words by their context .
Lexemic dictionaries also exist for other languages but are hard to find .
Non-lexemic frequency dictionaries are
useless as they would list you every single variation of words .
They are not usable by a language learner .
You can use such a dictionary ( with the words and the frequency ) to discover new , frequent words which you can
learn , or to estimate the size of your vocabulary . ''
4 persons have voted this message useful
I have a frenquency dictionary for 8 languages ( German , Spanish , Portuguese , Russian , Italian etc ) all the ones that I plan to study .
Each one constitutes around 20 thousand words for each language .
They are a great little tool .
They way I look at it :
Will I miss a few words in novels / advanced reading / newspapers that are n't common ?
Yeah .
Can I understand 90 % + of it ?
Yes . :D
5 persons have voted this message useful
brian91
Senior Member
Ireland
Joined 3929 days ago
335 posts - 437 votes
Speaks : English *
Studies : French
Message 8 of 67 09 May 2010 at 5:52 pm | IP Logged
Posted : 12:27 PM ET
Editor 's note : Geek Out ! posts feature the latest and most interesting in nerd - culture news .
From sci-fi and fantasy to gadgets and science , if you can geek out over it , you can find it on Geek Out !
Look for Geek Out ! posts on CNN's SciTech blog .
Tonight 's episode of " Fringe " will be the final performance for " Star Trek " legend Leonard Nimoy .
He was crystal clear on that when he spoke with reporters last week .
" I have announced my retirement , " he said .
" I will not be doing any more television or movie acting or directing .
I can tell you that I feel very fulfilled with the work that was given to me to do in this final episode . "
Since the end of last season , Nimoy has been playing the enigmatic character William Bell , the head of Massive Dynamic , a company that has been at the center of much of the plot threads going through the show .
Last week , he approached Agent Dunham ( Anna Torv ) inside the parallel universe where he now lives , and he and the " Fringe " team appear to be headed to a confrontation with the parallel version of Walter , who recently kidnapped Peter .
Nimoy said he really enjoyed working on " Fringe " for his final performance : " I admire all of the people on this show : [ actors ]
Anna Torv , Josh Jackson , and John Noble and all the rest .
I had some wonderful scenes to play with John Noble , who I think is a wonderful actor . "
Nimoy promises some very intense scenes between himself and Noble in tonight 's season finale .
As for " Star Trek , " do n't expect him to be in any future films , either .
" I have said that I think it ’s time for me to get off the stage and make some room for Zachary Quinto , who is the new Spock and a wonderful actor , looks a lot like me , " he told reporters .
" And I ’m very flattered that the character will be continued by an actor of that caliber .
He ’s very well trained and very talented . "
Nimoy is ready to move on full time to his new passion , photography : " I ’ve had 60 years of working in films and television .
I ’m very grateful for all the great opportunities that I ’ve had and all and the people that I ’ve met , the people I ’ve worked with , the ' Fringe ' company ; I said on my final day of shooting was as good as any company I ’ve ever worked within the 60 years of my experience . "
Filed under : Geek Out !
UPDATE : With respect to terminology , check out Drew Neil ’s comment below .
In Vim , I ’ve been using splits for years .
Splits are great :
view 2 files at the same time
view 2 parts of the same file at the same time
dump bits of text into a new split
dump command outputs into a new split
and so on …
However , I ’ve been using the subset of splits that I understood while shying away from advanced use cases .
Somewhere down my TODO list , there was an item called “ understand Vim splits ” .
This blog post is an attempt to document what I discovered .
3 Questions
When it comes to splitting , there are , thankfully , only 3 questions :
are you splitting the buffer or the window ?
are you splitting horizontal or vertical ?
do you want to send the split left , right , up or down ?
When you type :
: split
You are using the defaults : buffer , horizontal , up .
There are 8 combinations :
window horizontal up --> : topleft split window horizontal down --> : botright split window vertical left --> : topleft vsplit window vertical right --> : botright vsplit buffer horizontal up --> : leftabove split buffer horizontal down --> : rightbelow split buffer vertical left --> : leftabove vsplit buffer vertical right --> : rightbelow vsplit
What were they thinking ?!
Good time to give up ? :-D
Illustrated
Look at the following picture .
Starting from a initial state , follow what happens when you invoke these commands .
( click to enlarge )
for this example , it does n’t matter whether you ’re using split / vsplit or new / vnew
the blue buffer is where your cursor is
the buffers are numbered to help locate them before and after
Even though I spent a few hours thinking about splits and studying the commands to eventually come up with that summary graph , I ca n’t say it ’s the most intuitive set of commands around .
If I stop everything I ’m doing , I can mentally come up with the right command but it ’s very taxing .
Here ’s a list of mappings I just added to my .vimrc
" window
nmap < leader > sw < left > : topleft vnew < CR >
nmap < leader > sw < right > : botright vnew < CR >
nmap < leader > sw < up > : topleft new < CR >
nmap < leader > sw < down > : botright new < CR > " buffer
nmap < leader > s < left > : leftabove vnew < CR >
nmap < leader > s < right > : rightbelow vnew < CR >
nmap < leader > s < up > : leftabove new < CR >
nmap < leader > s < down > : rightbelow new < CR >
Feel free to replace the arrow keys ( up , down , left , right ) with k , j , h , l if you ’re more comfortable with those bindings .
Researchers Trying To Track Third World Infections
In U.S. Researchers want to know how much infections of poverty have spread here .
May 14 , 2010 -- Researchers and legislators are trying to determine just how far some obscure but deadly third world diseases have penetrated into the United States .
Studies in recent years have shown that diseases typically confined to less - developed countries have entered the United States , coming over the border or arising in places where conditions abruptly changed , like post - Katrina Louisiana .
But poverty and a lack of access to healthcare have made it hard to determine how severe the problem might be .
" The poverty in the U.S. tends to concentrate in certain pockets , " said Dr. Peter Hotez , chair of the department of microbiology , immunology and tropical medicine at George Washington University Medical Center .
He cited the Mississippi delta , post - Katrina Louisiana , the border region with Mexico and U.S. inner cities : " Those particular areas , for all practical purposes , resemble a developing country . "
Some of the diseases that are part of this surveillance effort include Chagas disease , caused by ticks that can cause heart enlargement and ultimately death ; trichomoniasis , a sexually transmitted disease that can cause inflammation and difficulty urinating ; and toxocariasis , which is spread via infected dog feces in soil and can cause vision and breathing problems and developmental delays .
Some of these diseases , which Hotez calls the neglected infections of poverty , can spread among people through sexual transmission or via blood .
However , they stay mostly under the radar because , at least for now , more affluent Americans are unlikely to contract these diseases .
" These diseases are not occurring among people in the suburbs , " said Hotez .
Substandard housing and dirty soil , like that found in sandboxes in urban playgrounds , are the preferred residences of the critters that can cause these infections .
Many of the diseases may go misdiagnosed when infected people do make it to a doctor .
A recent effort to make a survey of the prevalence of these diseases was sponsored in the House version of the health care reform bill by Reps.
Gene Green ( D - Texas ) and Hank Johnson ( D - Georgia ) .
The amendment was dropped during reconciliation to pass the Senate version of the bill .
Scott Goldstein , legislative director for Johnson 's office , said that efforts would continue to get a survey of the infectious diseases covered in the original amendment as a stand - alone bill .
" Once we [ complete the survey ] we can have a better idea whether new guidelines need to be issued , " he said .
" The researchers we 've talked to have said it 's quite possible these things have been out there in the United States . "
Johnson 's district includes parts of Atlanta , where many may be infected .
" We have some significant areas where people are very poor in our district , but that 's not unique to our district , " Goldstein said .
" Once people learn about it , I do n't think it will be tough to get people to sign on , " he said .
Although the Congressional Budget Office did not score the amendment as part of the original bill , the study would likely cost a few million dollars .
A Possible Asthma Link ?
Because of the lack of studies of the neglected infections of poverty , it is unclear what the next steps would include .
After rising concerns about Chagas disease , the American Red Cross began screening blood donations for it in 2006 .
But it is less clear what might be done about perhaps the most widespread of these infections , toxocariasis .
Caused by a roundworm spread by dog feces that typically infects children playing on the ground , 14 percent of the U.S. population was found to have been exposed to it in a CDC study , using data collected between 1988 and 1994 .
There may be a link between toxocariasis and asthma , though past studies have been inconclusive .
There is a relationship , say doctors , but it may simply be that both happen in poor living conditions .
Hotez believes that better surveillance of toxocariasis might lead to a drop in asthma cases , as drugs are available to treat the roundworm , distinct from the medications to treat asthma .
Doctors may currently be treating asthma symptoms rather than the cause , he said .
" It can cause symptoms as the larva are migrating and enter the lungs , " said Susan Montgomery , a researcher with the CDC 's section on parasitic diseases .
But , she said , " [ The ] specific syndrome of asthma has not been causally linked to toxocariasis . "
But others are less sure .
" Toxocariasis does n't cause a lot of clinical disease , " said Dr. Robert Tolan , Jr. , chief of the division of allergy , immunology and infectious diseases at the Children 's Hospital at Saint Peter 's University Hospital and a clinical associate professor of pediatrics at the Drexel University College of Medicine in Philadelphia .
Despite a high infection rate , Tolan said the worst cases , such as where a child develops a vision problem because of a worm infection , might only happen once every 10 years or so .
He said that he feels other infections , such as Chagas , may be more pressing to study because of the severe illnesses they can cause .
Montgomery expressed some optimism that toxocariasis infection may have dropped since the last survey , mostly through greater efforts at getting animals de-wormed .
" It 's possible all of that good veterinary care is reducing the human risk of toxocariasis , " she said .
But she said the survey itself would still be important .
" We suspect a portion of them did and may have pretty severe illness , " she said of the millions that had been infected .
" It is a health disparity and one that we feel is important to address . "
THE MUSIC industry has lodged initial legal papers against O2 and 3 Ireland in an effort to get the two mobile operators to implement a system that would see their subscribers cut off for sharing copyrighted material online .
The Irish Recorded Music Association ( Irma ) yesterday filed plenary summonses against the two companies who have hundreds of thousands of mobile internet subscribers .
“ O2 can confirm that it has been served with a plenary summons by solicitors acting on behalf of record labels EMI , Warner , Universal and Sony , ” the company said in a statement .
“ O2 is currently reviewing the issue , but does not believe it is legally liable in relation to illegal filesharing activities that any of its customers might seek to engage in . ”
A spokeswoman for 3 Ireland confirmed it had received legal papers but said it was too early to comment further .
Eircom introduced a so - called three - strikes system this week whereby customers get three warnings that they have been detected sharing copyrighted music owned by Irma members .
If they are found doing it a fourth time their broadband connection will be cut off for a year .
Earlier this week Dick Doyle , director general of Irma , said it was in advanced negotiations with two other internet providers to implement the same system .
It is understood these are Vodafone and Eircom ’s mobile subsidiary Meteor .
The “ three strikes ” or graduated response approach is emerging as the music industry ’s favoured approach to tackle online piracy around the world .
Legislation is at different stages in France , Britain and New Zealand , which would give a legal basis to it .
Eircom has introduced the system following an out - of - court settlement with Irma in February 2009 .
The Data Protection Commissioner challenged the system in the High Court earlier this year claiming an IP address , which identifies a computer on the internet , is personal data .
The court found in favour of Irma , paving the way for this week ’s introduction of the system by Eircom .
Paul Bradley , head of communications with Eircom , said the company wanted to work with subscribers at this stage of the process .
“ We will work with the customer to ensure any confusion is removed , ” said Mr Bradley .
In the US the music industry faced a backlash when parents were hit with big fines after their children downloaded music unbeknown to them .
UPC , the cable TV operator , which is Ireland ’s fastest - growing broadband provider , is resisting attempts to implement the system .
Irma ’s case against UPC will be heard in the High Court on June 17th .
Reddit Share 0 Shares
The U.S. Department of Energy ( DOE ) ’s Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory ( Berkeley Lab ) has been awarded $ 8.6 million in Recovery
Act funding for what the DOE calls “ ambitious research projects that could fundamentally change the way the country uses and produces energy . ”
The money will go towards four separate projects : one that will speed the development of materials that can absorb carbon dioxide emitted from power plants , another that will use a common soil bacterium to produce biofuels , and two that are aimed at developing new high - energy batteries for powering electric vehicles .
The projects are being funded through the DOE ’s Advanced Research Projects Agency - Energy ( ARPA -E ) , whose mission is to invest in projects that will develop transformational energy technologies .
Vice President Joe Biden announced last week a total of $ 106 million for 37 transformational energy research projects in three main areas : biofuels from electricity , batteries for transportation and zero- carbon coal .
“ ARPA - E is awarding these grants to help our nation build a competitive clean energy industry that will mean jobs , economic growth and a sustainable energy future , ” said Berkeley Lab director Paul Alivisatos .
“ Berkeley Lab is proud to be involved in multiple projects that will play important roles in the success of this effort . ”
The carbon capture project , awarded $ 3,663,696 , is led by chemist Jeffrey Long of Berkeley Lab ’s Materials Sciences Division .
His goal is to find new materials that can absorb carbon dioxide and remove it from power plant flue gases , thus preventing it from escaping into the atmosphere .
He will be targeting a class of materials called Metal Organic Framework compounds , which were developed only in the last decade and hold great promise for capturing carbon dioxide because of their tunable surface chemistry and record high internal surface areas .
The challenge is to rapidly investigate this new class of compounds , which have huge variability in possible structures , using automated , high - throughput materials synthesis and screening technology .
The potential payoff at the end of this three - year project is a lower - cost way to perform carbon capture and sequestration , or CCS , which involves capturing carbon and storing it deep underground .
“ CCS is already being tested on a big scale and is very close to implementation .
This would be the next generation of materials to use in CCS , ” says Long .
“ The current capture process uses huge amounts of energy — roughly 30 percent of the power generated by a power plant .
We ’re hoping we can get it down to 10 percent . ”
Long , along with Berkeley Lab scientists Berend Smit , Jeffrey Reimer , Maciej Haranczyk and Eric Masanet , will be working with two partner organizations on this project : Wildcat Discovery Technologies of San Diego , California , which will help build a new type of instrumentation to screen hundreds of compounds in parallel , and the Electric Power Research Institute , which will provide analysis to determine how best to use the material in a power plant once it is discovered .
The biofuels project , awarded $ 3,948,493 , is led by Steve Singer , who holds appointments with Berkeley Lab ’s Earth Sciences Division and with the Joint BioEnergy Institute
( JBEI ) , a multi-institutional partnership led by Berkeley Lab that is working to replace gasoline and other petroleum - derived fuels with transportation fuels derived from the solar energy stored in plant biomass .
The goal of his project is to genetically engineer new strains of a common soil bacterium , Ralstonia eutropha , now used in the production of bioplastics , so that it can be used in the production of advanced biofuels , including diesel and jet fuel .
A key to the project ’s success will be the combination of the microbial system with a new electrochemical catalytic system that generates hydrogen from water .
“ It ’s never been done before using this type of a combined microbial and electrochemical , or MEC system , but what we are basically looking to do is what a plant does in terms of photosynthesis , only instead of using sunlight , we will use electricity that can be generated from renewable sources such as solar , wind or wave power , which we will convert to hydrogen , ” says Singer .
“ This hydrogen can then be combined by the bacterium with carbon dioxide collected from a power plant , for example , to make fuel . ”
Ralstonia eutropha is already endowed with a natural ability to take hydrogen and carbon dioxide and make bioplastics and fatty acids , and techniques already exist for cultivating the microbe on an industrial scale .
Singer and his colleagues want to re-route the microbe ’s existing metabolic pathways for biofuel production .
To do so , they will make extensive use of the synthetic biology tools and techniques being developed at JBEI .
“ We have this industrial organism , it has potential , why not kick its tires and see what it can do ? ” Singer says .
For the two battery research projects , Berkeley Lab is a sub-recipient , working as a partner with private industry to develop advanced batteries .
Applied Materials , Inc. of Santa Clara , California was awarded $ 4.4 million to develop ultra - high energy , low - cost lithium - ion batteries using a novel manufacturing process .
Berkeley Lab will receive $ 675,000 over 2.5 years to provide component testing .
Battery researchers Gao Liu and Vince Battaglia of the Environmental Energy Technologies Division ( EETD ) will be leading this effort .
For the second battery project , Sion Power Corp. of Tucson , Arizona will receive $ 5 million to develop high - energy lithium - sulfur batteries for electric vehicles .
The research goal is to increase the battery ’s lifetime , allowing it to be recharged as many as 500 times , or more .
Berkeley Lab will receive $ 300,000 over three years to help with research support and modeling .
EETD ’s John Newman will lead this effort .
In addition to these projects , Jay Keasling , acting deputy director for Berkeley Lab and chief executive officer for JBEI , will be a key participant in a $ 6 million grant awarded to Ginkgo BioWorks of Boston , as the prime recipient , to genetically engineer E. coli bacterium that can produce isoctane , an important component of gasoline from carbon dioxide and water .
Keasling is one of the world ’s foremost authorities on synthetic biology .
Separately , a Berkeley , California company that was launched in 1990 based on technology developed at Berkeley Lab , PolyPlus Battery , was awarded $ 5 million to work on lithium - air batteries for electric vehicles .
Berkeley Lab is a U.S. Department of Energy national laboratory located in Berkeley , California .
It conducts unclassified scientific research for DOE ’s Office of Science and is managed by the University of California .
Visit our Website at www.lbl.gov/.
For more information :
Law Offices Michael E. Ziton , P.C .
​ Arizona Attorney
Arizona Attorney Michael Ziton is committed to providing the highest quality legal services in the state of Arizona .
You can count on us to provide you with experienced representation anywhere in the state of Arizona .
Arizona Attorney Search for Michael Ziton - Phoenix , Arizona Lawyer .
If you or a loved one is facing criminal allegations , protect your rights .
Contact Michael E. Ziton -
He will put his knowledge and experience to work for you .
As a former prosecutor , Attorney Michael E. Ziton has extensive criminal trial experience who knows the system and is dedicated to providing you trusted representation across the state .
Whether you are looking for a law office or lawyer near me , attorneys criminal law , or Google Arizona Attorney Search , look no further than Law Offices Michael E. Ziton PC .
We know the system throughout Arizona and we are dedicated to protecting your rights where - ever you are accused .
The age - old maxim " Eat breakfast like a king , lunch like a prince and dinner like a pauper " may in fact be the best advice to follow to prevent metabolic syndrome , according to a new University of Alabama at Birmingham ( UAB ) study .
Metabolic syndrome is characterized by abdominal obesity , high triglycerides , insulin resistance and other cardiovascular disease - risk factors .
The study , published online March 30 in the International Journal of Obesity , examined the influence exerted by the type of foods and specific timing of intake on the development of metabolic syndrome characteristics in mice .
The UAB research revealed that mice fed a meal higher in fat after waking had normal metabolic profiles .
In contrast , mice that ate a more carbohydrate - rich diet in the morning and consumed a high - fat meal at the end of the day saw increased weight gain , adiposity , glucose intolerance and other markers of the metabolic syndrome .
" Studies have looked at the type and quantity of food intake , but nobody has undertaken the question of whether the timing of what you eat and when you eat it influences body weight , even though we know sleep and altered circadian rhythms influence body weight , " said the study 's lead author Molly Bray , Ph.D. , professor of epidemiology in the UAB School of Public Health .
Bray said the research team found that fat intake at the time of waking seems to turn on fat metabolism very efficiently and also turns on the animal 's ability to respond to different types of food later in the day .
When the animals were fed carbohydrates upon waking , carbohydrate metabolism was turned on and seemed to stay on even when the animal was eating different kinds of food later in the day .
" The first meal you have appears to program your metabolism for the rest of the day , " said study senior author Martin Young , Ph.D. , associate professor of medicine in the UAB Division of Cardiovascular Disease .
" This study suggests that if you ate a carbohydrate - rich breakfast it would promote carbohydrate utilization throughout the rest of the day , whereas , if you have a fat - rich breakfast , you have metabolic plasticity to transfer your energy utilization between carbohydrate and fat . "
Bray and Young said the implications of this research are important for human dietary recommendations .
Humans rarely eat a uniform diet throughout the day and need the ability to respond to alterations in diet quality .
Adjusting dietary composition of a given meal is an important component in energy balance , and they said their findings suggest that recommendations for weight reduction and / or maintenance should include information about the timing of dietary intake plus the quality and quantity of intake .
" Humans eat a mixed diet , and our study , which we have repeated four times in animals , seems to show that if you really want to be able to efficiently respond to mixed meals across a day then a meal in higher fat content in the morning is a good thing , " Bray said .
" Another important component of our study is that , at the end of the day , the mice ate a low - caloric density meal , and we think that combination is key to the health benefits we 've seen . "
Bray and Young said further research needs to test whether similar observations are made with different types of dietary fats and carbohydrates , and it needs to be tested in humans to see if the findings are similar between rodents and humans .
" We 're also working on a study right now to determine if these feeding regimens adversely affect heart function , " Young said .
By Allan Lengel
For AOL News
WASHINGTON — James Cavanaugh , who recently retired as a Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives official after 33 years , Monday shared his insights into the Times Square car bomb with AOL News .
Cavanaugh said he thought the culprit or culprits likely had international ties .
He also said he would n’t rule out the theory that the bomb was in retaliation for an episode of the Comedy Central cartoon “ South Park ” that mocked the Islamic prophet Muhammad .
But , he said , the device was poorly built and appeared destined to fail .
“ It was just too complicated , ” he said .
“ It was a grandiose plot , but sort of a ridiculous device . ”
AOL News :
How much planning went into this ?
Cavanaugh :
It ’s not one day of planning and it ’s not one year ’s worth of planning .
It looks like two or three weeks .
This device was thrown together slapdash .
It ’s clear they never tested it or had any technical skills to build it .
It ’s almost as if they read about it on the Web and tried to build it .
It came out flawed , and it malfunctioned .
You can tell it ’s quite a complicated contraption .
To read the rest of interview click here .
OTHER RELATED STORIES
A Formal System For Euclid's Elements , Jeremy Avigad , Edward Dean , and John Mumma .
Review of Symbolic Logic , Vol. 2 , No. 4 , 2009 .
Abstract .
We present a formal system , E , which provides a faithful model of the proofs in Euclidâ€™s Elements , including the use of diagrammatic reasoning .
Diagrammatic languages are a perennial favorite discussion topic here , and Euclid 's proofs constitute one of the oldest diagrammatic languages around .
And yet for hundreds of years ( at least since Leibniz ) people have argued about whether or not the diagrams are really part of a formal system of reasoning , or whether they are simply visual aids hanging on the side of the true proof .
The latter position is the one that Hilbert and Tarski took as well when they gave formal axiomatic systems for geometry .
But was this necessary , or just a contingent fact of the logical machinery available to them ?
Avigad and his coauthors show the former point of view also works , and that you can do it with very basic proof theory ( there 's little here unfamiliar to anyone who has read Pierce 's book ) .
Yet it sheds a lot of light on how the diagrams in the Elements work , in part because of their very careful analysis of how to read the diagrams -- that is , what conclusion a diagram really licenses you to draw , and which ones are accidents of the specific figure on the page .
How they consider these issues is a good model for anyone designing their own visual programming languages .
The nuclear backlash begins
For more than a week , the United States and Russia have been basking in the glow of international praise for their commitment to eliminate thousands of nuclear warheads at an April 8 signing ceremony in Prague .
But now , Washington , Moscow and three other original nuclear powers are facing an onslaught of criticism from developing countries as they detail their positions ahead of a major review conference next month on the 1970 Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty .
Algeria .
Egypt , Kuwait , Libya , and Syria and others made it clear at a disarmament meeting at the U.N. General Assembly Monday that they would oppose a series of U.S. - backed measures , including a proposal to strengthen U.N. scrutiny of countries ’ nuclear energy programs , designed to rein in nuclear proliferators like North Korea and Iran .
The May 3 - 28 nuclear review conference requires any final document be adopted by consensus , providing any state with veto power over any change to the nuclear treaty .
The U.N. event provided a preview of what is expected to be a highly acrimonious feud between the world ’s atomic powers and the developing world over nuclear rights and responsibilities .
It will require some agile diplomatic skills to prevent it from undercutting U.S. President Barack Obama ’s bid to place the nuclear treaty at the center of his efforts to contain the spread of nuclear weapons .
" There is mistrust , " said Egypt ’s U.N. ambassador , Maged A. Abdelaziz , who is serving as chairman of the 118 - member Non-Aligned Movement .
Speaking before the General Assembly debate entitled " Disarmament and World Security , " the Egyptian envoy said the five major nuclear powers are seeking to impose new demands on non-nuclear powers while failing to fully live up to their own disarmament obligations , and permitting a special group of nations — India , Israel , and Pakistan — a free pass to produce nuclear weapons , without having to abide by the obligations of signatories to the NPT .
" States outside the treaty are reaping the benefits of the treaty , " he said .
Abdelaziz sought to turn the tables on the big powers , demanding that nuclear states submit themselves to U.N. inspections of their nuclear programs and commit to the total elimination of their atomic weapons by a certain date .
He also insisted that progress be made on a " nuclear weapons free zone " in the Middle East , a move aimed at increasing pressure on Israel to subject its nuclear program to international inspection .
The Egyptian diplomat outlined the NAM ’s opposition to a series of Western - backed initiatives , including a proposal to punish countries that withdraw from the NPT and a plan to establish a U.N. fuel bank to supply nuclear non-nuclear states .
In addition , he said NAM had " serious concerns " about U.N. Security Council Resolution 1887 , promoted last September by Obama , which strengthens the 15 - nation body ’s authority to confront states that fail to comply with their nuclear non-proliferation obligations .
" We are not as non-nuclear states going to accept that each time there is progress in disarmament that we have to take more obligations on our side , " said Abdelaziz .
The NPT sets out the basic nuclear bargain :
The five original nuclear powers , Britain , China , France , Russia , and the United States , vowed to ultimately eliminate their arsenals in exchange for a commitment from other states not to join the nuclear arms race .
In exchange , non-nuclear weapons states were given the right to develop peaceful nuclear power programs .
The pact has encouraged several countries , including Belarus , Kazakhstan , and South Africa , to dismantle their nuclear weapons programs and ended the nuclear ambitions of others , including Argentina , Brazil , Libya , and Sweden .
But India , Israel , and Pakistan have developed nuclear weapons outside the treaty and have never been punished for it .
North Korea , which also developed a nuclear weapons program , has been the target of U.N. sanctions .
Developing countries , meanwhile , complain that the United States and other nuclear powers have failed to fulfill their side of the bargain .
Rolf Ekeus , the Swedish former U.N. weapons inspector in Iraq , slammed France , Britain , and China for making no commitments to reduce their nuclear arsenals .
The nuclear conference scheduled for May marks the first major review of the treaty since 2005 , which ended in failure .
Arms control specialists have blamed the Bush administration , which sought to renege on disarmament obligations undertaken by previous U.S. administrations , and Iran , which secretly accelerated its nuclear enrichment program , for torpedoing the session .
But they also said the United States ’ refusal to address Arab demands for progress on a nuclear weapons free zone in the Middle East poisoned the atmosphere .
The Clinton administration had previously endorsed a 1995 commitment by U.N. members to work toward a nuclear free Middle East .
" Predictably , Egypt and other nonaligned states did not want to allow the repudiation of past NPT conference commitments , " wrote Daryl G. Kimball , executive director of the Arms Control Association , in the preface to a detailed guide to next month ’s conference .
Obama has sought to reinvigorate international support for the NPT .
In a landmark speech on U.S. nuclear policy last year in Prague , he committed to working toward the total elimination of nuclear weapons .
His administration has also recently concluded a Nuclear Posture Review , which includes assurances that it will not use nuclear arms against a non-nuclear state that is meeting its obligations under the NPT .
The United States , along with Britain , China , France , and Russia , has also agreed to consider participating in an international conference on a nuclear - free zone in the Middle East , according to a European diplomat .
But those countries do n’t want to use the meeting to formally negotiate a treaty banning weapons in the Middle East , an approach advocated by Egypt .
( Reuters first reported on the deal . )
Also Monday , Susan E. Rice , the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , and Vitaly I. Churkin , Russia ’s U.N. envoy , put aside their wrangling over Iran sanctions for a moment to highlight the progress the nuclear superpowers have made in meeting their nuclear disarmament obligations .
Earlier this month , President Barack Obama and President Dmitri Medvedev signed a nuclear weapons treaty in Prague to replace the 1991 Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty .
The new pact requires both sides reduce long - range nuclear warheads from 2,200 to 1,550 and cut launchers from 1,600 to 800 .
Appearing together , Rice and Churkin urged other nuclear powers to follow their example .
All nations " without exception , and first and foremost those that have nuclear arsenals , to join efforts with Russia and the United States in this field and to contribute actively to the disarmament process , " said Churkin .
Rice sought to parlay the nuclear pact into a platform at the conference to increase pressure on other U.N. members to check their own nuclear ambitions and to step up pressure on Iran and North Korea to forswear nuclear weapons .
But the United States and Russia remain far apart on how harshly Iran should be punished for flouting U.N. demands to halt its enrichment of uranium .
" America ’s commitment to the NPT is a cornerstone of our security strategy , " Rice said .
She said the United States and others " will work to reverse the spread of nuclear weapons and to build momentum for their eventual elimination .
All nations must recognize that the nonproliferation regime is undermined if violators are allowed to act with impunity . "
Rice cautioned that success at the conference " is not assured , " but pledged to add a " constructive , flexible , and consensus - building voice " to the conference .
" But we can not do it alone , " she added .
" We encourage all delegations to put aside dated arguments and build on today ’s momentum to make real progress on disarmament , nonproliferation , and the peaceful uses of nuclear energy . "
There are tons of jQuery plugins that offer date - time functionality .
Some of these plugins are more developed than others and each one has its unique benefits .
It is important to note that no plugin should be seen as ideal since every project is subjective and need its solution .
In choosing a great plugin , you should check for balanced documentation , broad …
On Cave Painting
Dear N+1 ,
The author of Issue Nine ’s “ Cave Painting ” argues that the answer to whether videogames are or can be art appears to be an “ emphatic no . ”
He also claims that , for the “ best writers ” on the subject , video games “ do n’t need to be ” art .
Having spent the better part of the last year and a half playing and writing about video games , I have something to say on this topic .
“ Are video games art ? ” is not the best question .
The best question is whether the video - game medium can provide an artist with a viable means of expression .
One way to answer that question is to put it to a thoughtful video - game designer .
My favorite video - game designer is a man named Clint Hocking , who works for Ubisoft Montreal .
I interviewed Clint at length for my book , Extra Lives , and at one point he told me this : “ Finding a way to make the mechanics of play our expression as creators and as artists –to me that ’s the only question that matters . ”
Clint ’s magnum opus ( thus far ) is a game called Far Cry 2 , which on its surface is a first - person shooter , set in a contemporary African civil war , that concerns itself with blowing stuff up and killing a small nation ’s worth of people .
Beneath that surface , however , if you chose to engage with it , is an elegant , disturbing , and powerful critique of the shooter form and a troubling meditation on the act of taking virtual life .
The better you get at killing in the game , the more disturbing the tasks it asks you to perform .
Far Cry 2 is designed to take the putative exhilaration of video - game slaughter and confound it with the gamer ’s increasingly penitent recognition of his role as a gameworld agent of death and destruction .
The author of “ Cave Painting ” writes , “ There is no game , at least not yet , in which you accomplish the mission only to learn you ’ve been torturing an innocent person , ” but this is the very dialectic Far Cry 2 explores .
While working on Far Cry 2 , Clint and his colleagues at Ubisoft Montreal believed they were making a work of art .
I , and many others , engaged with Far Cry 2 on the assumption that they succeeded .
I ask the author of “ Cave Painting ” : Was Clint wrong ?
Am I ?
Not every game is art .
Not even most games are art .
But the worst examples of a medium cannot be used to annul that medium ’s highest aspirations .
With less contested mediums we do this type of discernment math all the time , which allows us the freedom to view someone like Jonathan Franzen as an artist , someone like Stephen King as an honorable popular artist , and someone like James Patterson as a corporate entity whose relationship to art is definitively vague .
Games and game designers exist along the same continuum .
Far Cry 2is , at the very least , an honorable work of popular art .
It is perfectly true that some games “ do n’t need to be ” art , but others will be unmistakably engaged in the self - interrogation of all art :
What tradition do I exist in ?
What does that mean ?
What do I mean ?
What do you make me mean ?
It ’s telling , I think , that the kind of game the author of “ Cave Painting ” appears to be most familiar with is the real - time strategy game–a genre capable of smarts and artfulness , certainly , and a genre I am very fond of , but not a genre whose potential for walloping emotional power I place much faith in .
Such games do n’t need to be art , and indeed no one is asking them to be anything other than fun , interesting , and challenging .
As for something like World of Warcraft , another game I sense the author is familiar with , I can say that , in my view , the massively - multiplayer - online genre is , artistically speaking , sensationally insufficient .
At the same time , who am I to arbitrate the authenticity of the MMO player ’s aesthetic reaction ?
Our understandings of what art is or must be may not be equally learned or considered , but they are all , in human terms , legitimate .
Finally , the author of “ Cave Painting ” suggests that the participation inherent to video games cancels out at least one Kantian prerequisite for art .
It is a fair and defensible point , but , I think , wrong .
In fact , the medium video games best resemble is the most interactive of all : theater .
( In this insight I am indebted to the video - game critic Michael Abbott . )
When we play video games , we are not in the audience .
We are , rather , on stage .
Various things limit what actual and video - game actors can do , but within those boundaries the real and virtual actor alike is allowed a startling freedom of movement and interpretation and decision .
If interactivity makes art fundamentally less likely , stage actors are by definition lesser artists .
No one , I think , would be prepared to make that case .
The video games I am most interested in allow me a way out of myself , just as portraying a character or writing a poem or working on a short story allows the actor , poet , and fiction writer a way out of him - or herself .
This is the basis of the artistic experience , at least as I understand it , and it is why I cannot agree with the author of “ Cave Painting ” that video games “ encourage you to identify rather than sympathize . ”
The video games I love allow me to observe and control fictional characters , and when I am at the helm , I try to make these characters behave not as how I would but how I feel they want to–a strange sympathetic process for which there is , as of now , no good name .
While I frequently wish video games were better written and more multifarious in their subject matter , this observation - while - in - partial - fictive - control is wholly unique to games .
None of which , of course , automatically makes video games into art , much less those who play them into artists , but it does suggest that video games are bringing civilians within range of an interactively transformative experience previously available only to artists .
Perhaps , if video games truly are n’t art , it ’s only because art has yet to catch up to them .
– Tom Bissell
On On Gordon Brown
Jason Farago must be the only person left on the planet who will miss Gordon Brown .
I ’m including even diehard Labour voters here , who must have secretly hoped for or expected today ’s resignation announcement .
For the periods on either side of the height of the financial crisis , Brown was spectacularly unpopular .
This is because hating Brown was the correct attitude .
It hardly matters that popular reasons ( his being fat or Scottish ) were often dubious ; in the end , the cause was just .
So Prime Minister Brown led a spectacular bank rescue that warmed the hearts of all the Keynesians .
Was it not a response to the miserable “ prudence ” of Chancellor Brown ?
The very same man who depleted the British balance sheets had for several years committed himself to Conservative spending levels while allowing the banks of the City to run rampant .
This is why during the years of Brown ’s “ stewardship , ” there was some worry by the crassest of the elite ( eg Mayor Michael Bloomberg ) that London was surpassing New York as financial capital of the world .
Meanwhile , the innovations of Brownomics of the boom years have come back to haunt him ( and us ) .
Most famously and lamentably , the PFIs–or Private Finance Initiative–where the British government paid private contractors over several years to produce public works .
This made the budgets look attractively stable , even if they actually were n’t ; it was the sort of policy that , were it done outside Western Europe , we would have found simply corrupt .
And it has led to rather odd spending practices ; as Ross McKibbin noted in 2009 , Britain ended up with situations where “ the government is now lending money to private firms in order to rent back schools built with its own money . ”
I have said nothing , meanwhile , regarding the NHS , or the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq .
One could go on and on detailing the failures of Brown–and of New Labour more generally .
( Tony Wood has summed it up well in the most recent New Left Review . )
But Mr Farago inadvertently does it best when he calls Brown a 19th century liberal out of his century , and allows himself some admiration for Brown ’s PhD .
This is exactly right .
As Byron presciently noted , the 19th century was the century of “ cant , ” where with banalities alternately sonorous and mealy - mouthed , politicians convinced people to accept free trade , imperialism , child labor , and the “ satanic mills ” of industrial capitalism , all in the name of endless progress .
Come to think of it , that sounds a lot like our new century .
Perhaps Brown was right at home after all .
But it was n’t Brown who turned out to be too smart for his own good ; it was the people who rejected him .
– Nikil Saval
If you like this article , please subscribe or donate to support n+1 .
Our company
NATS is the UK 's leading provider of air traffic control services .
Each year we handle 2.4 million flights and 250 million passengers in UK airspace .
In addition to providing services to 14 UK airports , and managing all upper airspace in the UK , we provide services around the world spanning Europe , the Middle East , Asia and North America .
[ / caption ]
Speaking at Kennedy Space Center , President Barack Obama discussed his plans for NASA which includes sending astronauts to a nearby asteroid by 2025 and going to Mars by the mid-2030 ’s .
“ Let me start by being extremely clear , ” Obama said .
“ I am 100 per cent committed to the mission of NASA and its future because broadening our capabilities in space will continue to serve us in ways we can hardly imagine . ”
Obama ’s plan , which includes the $ 6 billion in additional funds for NASA over the next five years that was previously announced and using a scaled - down version of the Orion spacecraft as a rescue vehicle for the International Space Station .
Also , Obama committed funds for research now to build a heavy - lift rocket starting in 2015 — or earlier — to launch astronauts and payloads to missions beyond the Moon .
“ By 2025 we expect new spacecraft designed for long journeys to allow us to begin the first ever crew missions beyond the Moon into deep space , ” Obama said .
“ So , we ’ll start by sending astronauts to an asteroid for the first time in history .
By the mid-2030s , I believe we can send humans to orbit Mars and return them safely to earth , and a landing on Mars will follow . ”
Obama said his program of partnering with commercial space companies allows for more missions launched from Kennedy Space Center , an acceleration of advanced technologies that will allow for better space transportation systems and a shortening of the dependence on Russian rockets .
The president made no mention of any extension to the space shuttle program , which was one rumor that floated around before his speech .
Speaking after the President , Norm Augustine – who headed the Augustine Commission review of NASA ’s future , said that the new program is very close to one of the options his panel offered ( option 5 - B ) and this path would be “ worthy of a great nation , and be able to transform NASA from transportation to exploration . ”
Augustine also pointed out that we seem more eager to accept current Russian technology than to encourage future of our own private industry .
The White House Chief Science Advisor John Holdren said Obama ’s plan is a “ faster pace to space , with more missions sooner and more affordably . ”
He said it ’s a more visionary approach as it expands commercial capability and allows NASA to devote its resources to exploring deep space .
Obama discussed his space plan at the Operations and Checkout Building at the Kennedy Space Center , the same building used to build the Orion spacecraft .
This is the first time in 12 years a sitting U.S. president has visited KSC .
The plan was originally unveiled on Feb 1 , 2010 , and the proposal to cancel the Constellation program and use commercial companies for trips to LEO was met with harsh criticism from members of Congress and many former astronauts , including a letter from Neil Armstrong , Gene Cernan and Jim Lovell who called the plan “ devastating ” the legacy of US space leadership .
Today , however , before the president ’s speech , Elon Musk from SpaceX – whose Falcon 9 spacecraft will launch a test flight perhaps next month – issued a statement that lauded Obama ’s plan to end Constellation .
“ The President quite reasonably concluded that spending $ 50 billion to develop a vehicle that would cost 50 % more to operate , but carry 50 % less payload was perhaps not the best possible use of funds .
To quote a member of the Augustine Commission , which was convened by the President to analyze Ares / Orion , ‘ If Santa Claus brought us the system tomorrow , fully developed , and the budget did n’t change , our next action would have to be to cancel it , ’ because we ca n’t afford the annual operating costs . ”
“ Cancellation was therefore simply a matter of time , ” Musk continued , “ and thankfully we have a President with the political courage to do the right thing sooner rather than later .
We can ill afford the expense of an “ Apollo on steroids ” , as a former NASA Administrator referred to the Ares / Orion program .
A lesser President might have waited until after the upcoming election cycle , not caring that billions more dollars would be wasted .
It was disappointing to see how many in Congress did not possess this courage . ”
By choosing KSC to make his speech Obama hoped to bring home that his program will add more 2,500 jobs compared to plan under previous administration .
“ We will modernize KSC , creating jobs as we upgrade launch facilities , and bringing the potential for more jobs as companies come here to compete for launch projects .
This is an area prime to lead in this competition . ”
Afterwards , NASA Administrator Charlie Bolden said , “ It ’s special when a president talks about you but it ’s even more special when he comes to visit . ”
Readers , what are your thoughts on Obama ’s program for NASA , and his speech ?
A gallery of images from the President ’s speech by Alan Walters , in attendance representing Universe Today .
National Geographic presents the first accurate non -stop voyage from Earth to the edge of the Universe using a single , unbroken shot through the use of spectacular CGI ( Computer - Generated Imagery ) technology .
Building on images taken from the Hubble telescope , Journey to the Edge of the Universe explores the science and history behind the distant celestial bodies in the solar system .
This spectacular , epic voyage across the cosmos , takes us from the Earth , past the Moon and our neighboring planets , out of our Solar System , to the nearest stars , nebulae and galaxies and beyond – right to the edge of the Universe itself .
When you finish this video , you will walk away from it with an awareness that you never had before , of the unseen astronomically massive universe that we float around on like a spec of dust in the ocean .
This video takes you on a journey through the universe as if you are watching a Sci Fi adventure .
Yet you constantly have to remind yourself that what you ’re seeing is really out there .
A new type of malware is riding the wave of file - sharing pre-settlement letters by infecting BitTorrent users ' machines and then demanding payments in order to make imaginary lawsuits go away .
ICPP Foundation try to give the impression they are RIAA and MPAA affiliated but the whole thing is a scam to extort cash and obtain credit card details .
ICCP Foundation claims to be an international company operating out of Switzerland .
They say they are “ committed to promoting the cultural and economic benefits of copyright ” while assisting their partners to fight “ copyright theft around the world ” .
In fact what they really do is operate a scam to extort money from BitTorrent users .
Right at this moment we are unsure of the exact route of infection , but somehow malware ( probably in either fake file or attached virus form ) is displaying a “ copyright violation alert ” on the victim ’s screen , locking it , and redirecting users to the ICPP site where they are told they have been caught infringing copyright .
There they are warned their offenses could result in 5 years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine and are given the option to take the ( fake ) case to court .
They are also offered a chance to make the whole thing go away for the payment of a ‘ fine ’ of around $ 400 .
Victims are also prompted to give their name , address and full credit card details – it is unclear how this information is further abused but it does n’t look good .
If they select the court option , they are scared with this screen :
So that that this evil software ( believed to be located at C : \Documents and Settings \Administrator \Application Data\IQManager\iqmanager.exe ) more accurately targets BitTorrent users rather than just random users , it appears to scan the user ’s hard drive for . torrent files and displays these as ‘ evidence ’ of an earlier infringement .
In order to boost their credibility , icpp- online.com claim to be affiliated with influential partners – the RIAA , MPAA , and The Copyright Alliance .
Of course , this is a complete fabrication .
This whole approach seems very similar to that employed by so - called ‘ rogue software ‘ or ‘ scareware ’ which attempt to frighten users into parting with cash for often useless software .
And it seems the links to malware do n’t stop there .
A WHOIS on the ICPP - Online domain reveals some contact data which shows up elsewhere in connection to other questionable activities .
Details on this new threat are scarce at the moment , so if any readers can discover more about this malware or the operation behind it , please collate the information and send it over to [ email protected ]
Rapise is a robust , next - generation test automation platform for desktop , mobile , and web applications developed by Inflectra .
Using the power of open and extensible architecture , Rapise delivers the most rapid and flexible functional testing tool .
Rapise comes with a built - in support for ...
First we have a picture of an ugly old lady , which is in fact a sculpture by Angela Talbot .
This picture is then edited in Photoshop to look like a gorgeous lady .
It took 100 hours to get this result .
Nice job and I hate you !
Now I wo n’t trust anyone ’s picture on the Internet or in magazine .
Thanks a lot .
Tout d’abord nous avons la photo d’une vieille femme qui est en réalité une sculpture hyper- réaliste d’Angela Talbot , une sculptrice canadienne , qui habite désormais aux États - Unis .
Puis nous avons un talentueux graphiste / animateur brésilien qui s’est amusé 100 heures à transformer cette vieille femme en jolie jeune femme .
Comment faire confiance à ce que je vois maintenant ?
Want to see the work of Angela ?
[ MySpace ]
Photoshop Extreme Makeover – Angela Talbot´s Old Lady
Related posts :
Port officials have confiscated 26,000 euros , which they found inside a woman 's bra as she arrived on a ferry from Dublin .
The Romanian woman claimed to UK Border Agency staff at Holyhead that the money was from the sale of a business in Ireland .
The money was in 500 euro notes .
" Where we suspect cash may be linked with criminal activity , we have the power to seize it , " said the agency .
Officers had been carrying out checks at the ferry terminal on Anglesey .
' Working hard '
The agency said the woman could not prove she had earned the money from the sale of a business or give any reason why she was carrying a large sum of money inside her bra .
The cash - an equivalent of £ 22,600 - will only be returned if the woman can provide proof to a court that the money came from a legitimate source .
Earlier this month , the Serious Organised Crime Agency ( Soca ) announced the 500 euro note would no longer be available over the counter in the UK .
It followed evidence that more than 90 % of UK demand for it was linked to criminality .
Bob Lyne , UK Border Agency assistant director for Wales , said : " UK Border Agency officers are working hard at all our ports to prevent drugs , contraband or the potential proceeds of crime from entering or leaving the UK . "
The seizure was under the Proceeds of Crime Act , which allows the UK government to recover the proceeds of criminal activity without requiring a criminal conviction .
Show full PR text
The Technology Behind Iron Man 2 : 3D Printing and the Future of Film
Robert Downey , Jr. will once again transform into the superhero Iron Man thanks to his character 's engineering prowess .
Made possible by cutting - edge technology : the latest advances in rapid prototyping , often called 3D printing .
PR Log ( Press Release ) – May 12 , 2010 – On May 7th , Robert Downey , Jr. will once again transform into the technologically advanced superhero Iron Man thanks to his character 's engineering prowess .
The plot line parallels the production of the film , also made possible by cutting - edge technology : the latest advances in rapid prototyping , often called 3D printing .
Using a 3D printer by innovation leader Objet Geometries , the film 's production company Legacy Effects created the iconic Iron Man suit , as well as the one worn by arch nemesis Whiplash ( watch trailer here : http://www.imdb.com/video/imdb/vi2256077849/).
This body armor is in fact " print - to - wear " – comprised of pieces that came directly out of a 3D printer , simply finished with paint .
Plus it 's specially designed to be durable and comfortable for the actors , who engage in grueling fight scenes while wearing the gear .
Technology That Fits Like a Glove
Robert Downey , Jr. for one is grateful for the technology .
He remembers filming for the original Iron Man , which took place before Legacy Effects had an Objet system .
The star was in constant discomfort due to the gloves he had to wear as part of the superhero suit .
They were extremely tight and made it difficult for him to maneuver .
For the sequel , the production company scanned Robert 's hands and used the 3D printer to specially create flexible gloves no thicker than a dime .
He was thrilled with the change and happy to work in them for hours .
The 3D Craze , in the Theaters and Behind the Scenes
According to Jason Lopes , systems engineer at Legacy Effects , 3D printing is not yet common in movie - making but is likely to become so , especially as live action flicks make more of a come - back .
He says , " in the land of CG , all you need is a computer , but real stunt work calls for endless , identical , often customized props .
Thanks to Objet , these are available at the touch of a button . "
A video of Jason discussing how Legacy Effects uses Objet technology is available here : http://www.objet.com/Case_Studies/Legacy_Effects/
About Objet Geometries
Objet Geometries Ltd. , ( www.objet.com), a pioneer in photopolymer jetting , develops , manufactures and globally markets ultra - thin - layer , high - resolution 3 - Dimensional printing systems and materials that utilize PolyJet™ and PolyJet Matrix ™ polymer jetting technologies to print ultra - thin layers .
The market - proven Eden™ line of 3D Printing Systems and the Alaris30 3D Printer are based on Objet 's patented office - friendly PolyJet Technology .
The Connex family is based on Objet 's PolyJet Matrix ™ technology , which jets multiple model materials simultaneously and creates composite Digital Materials ™ on the fly .
All Objet systems use Objet 's FullCure® materials to create accurate , clean , smooth and highly detailed 3 - dimensional models .
Objet 's solutions enable manufacturers and industrial designers to reduce cost of product development cycles and dramatically shorten time - to - market of new products .
Objet systems are in use by world leaders in many industries , such as Education , Medical / Medical Devices & Dental , Consumer Electronics , Automotive , toys , consumer goods , and footwear industries in North America , Europe , Asia , Australia and Japan .
Founded in 1998 , Objet serves its growing worldwide customer base through offices in USA , Mexico , Europe , Japan , China and Hong Kong , and a global network of distribution partners .
Objet owns more than 50 patents and patent pending inventions .
Visit Objet Geometries at http://www.objet.com
Follow Objet Geometries on Twitter : http://twitter.com/3d_printers.
On Saturday , Republicans celebrated Charles Djou 's special election victory in Hawaii 's heavily Democratic 1st District .
GOP threw gasoline on Hawaii fires
Six months ago , a bitter intra-party fight cost the GOP a House seat in an upstate New York special election .
As it turns out , House Republicans learned a few lessons from the experience .
And on Saturday , they put some of that hard - won knowledge to work in Republican Charles Djou ’s special election victory in Hawaii ’s heavily Democratic 1st District .
Advertisement
While there were very few similarities between the two races — the New York race was marked by an ideological fight while the Hawaii contest turned on local personalities — the end result in both was that a fractured field cost each party control of a House seat .
In Saturday ’s Hawaii special election , Washington Republicans explicitly attempted to fuel local Democratic Party discord surrounding the two top candidates , former Rep. Ed Case , the candidate whom the National Republican Congressional Committee and Democratic Congressional Committee alike determined posed the greatest threat to Djou in a three - way race , and state Senate President Colleen Hanabusa , who was the choice of the state Democratic establishment .
Mapping out their plan of attack in nightly Hawaii - focused 7:00 pm meetings , top NRCC brass sought ways to exploit the hard feelings that still remained from Case ’s 2006 primary challenge to Democratic Sen.
Daniel Akaka — a move that rankles many Hawaii Democrats to this day .
In one instance Djou media advisor Ben Burger worked with NRCC officials to craft a 30 - second TV ad that asserted Case missed many votes “ while campaigning against Senator Akaka . ”
The Hawaii Republican Party , for its part , put out a mailer needling Case on “ Integrity ” — a not so - subtle jab at his 2006 Senate primary challenge , which Akaka and powerful senior Sen .
Daniel Inouye insist took place despite a promise to them that he would not challenge Akaka .
Case contends that he responded at the time that he would not rule out a Senate run .
John Peschong , a GOP strategist who is a veteran of Hawaii races , said the offensive bruised Case and left him unable to muster a solid base of support — Djou won Saturday 39 percent to 30 percent for Hanabusa , while Case finished third with 27 percent .
“ The Republicans ’ on - point messages combined with the bad blood between Case and Hanabusa that has existed since Case challenged Senator Daniel Akaka , never allowed Case to find his niche in this race , and therefore , he was never able to develop a base or a strong following , ” said Peschong .
The other plank in the GOP ’s anti-Case strategy : remind Democratic voters of Case ’s apostasy on key issues .
Djou ’s final TV ad sought to brand Case as an unreliable Democrat — a case that many of his Democratic critics had made before — noting that the former congressman had called himself an “ Independent , now a strong Democrat , and even a conservative . ”
“ Hawaii just ca n’t trust Ed Case , ” the ad ended ominously .
The NRCC , for its part , provided to reporters a steady stream of opposition research detailing his support for the PATRIOT Act , the Bush tax cuts , the Iraq war , and for holding prisoners at Guantanamo Bay .
The committee also highlighted that Case had attended meetings with conservatives during Social Security reform talks .
In an effort to fan liberal anger , NRCC operatives at one point tailored their efforts Case ’s moderate record to left - leaning blogs that they believed would amplify their message to Democratic voters .
" We remembered all too vividly just what kind of impact the blogosphere had on the New York race — and in many cases the anger was n't unwarranted , ” explained one GOP strategist familiar with the party ’s Hawaii effort .
“ There was definitely a sense in the room that if we could further inflame the ideological divide between the two candidates , we could return the favor and deny Case of the liberal coalition he needed to win . "
In its effort to aide Djou , the NRCC and Republican National Committee adopted an wide - ranging — though almost entirely invisible — role .
Party officials concluded that , with the Republican brand deeply unpopular in the heavily Democratic state , the national party needed to fly beneath the radar .
Party officials determined what while they would not air TV ads in the district — saving the heavy spending for the party ’s ultimately failed effort to win a Pennsylvania special election race earlier in the week — they would dispatch NRCC and RNC officials to coordinate GOP voter identification and mobilization drives that had never before been conducted in Hawaii .
The NRCC , which spent over $ 30,000 on polling in the race , led daily campaign calls to coordinate Djou ’s message , while the RNC housed a get out the vote call center from its D.C. headquarters , which made at least 20,000 calls into Hawaii , despite the six - hour time difference .
House GOP leaders , meanwhile , directed $ 115,000 in member donations to Djou ’s campaign and the NRCC helped to oversee a political action committee fundraising effort that netted over $ 100,000 for the Hawaii Republican .
“ This race was not a slam dunk , ” said the GOP strategist .
“ The goal from the outset was to fan the flames on the liberal left and provide a direct line of attack for Hanabusa to level against Case while strengthening Charles ’ position with Republicans and moderates .
Charles and his team deserve all the credit . ”
Despite the special election victory , Djou is n’t in the clear .
National Democrats pulled out of the race earlier in the month after concluding that with Case and Hanabusa splitting the Democratic vote , Djou was likely to emerge as the winner .
And following his victory , Democrats in Hawaii and Washington were quick to note that in November , when Djou must run for a full term and Democrats will be united behind a single nominee after the September primary , the Republican will have a much more difficult time winning — Case and Hanabusa won 57 percent of the vote between them .
Carlo Ancelotti has conceded that this season will only be deemed a success if Chelsea regain the Premier League title ahead of the anticipated summer of upheaval among the playing staff at Stamford Bridge .
The Chelsea manager met the owner , Roman Abramovich , and the director Eugene Tenenbaum at Cobham this week to discuss transfer policy and will continue to formulate his strategy for the close season over the final month of the campaign .
While Abramovich would be willing to bankroll a major signing , at an appropriate price , it appears that Ancelotti , too , is increasingly reluctant to spend heavily in a market likely to be distorted by Manchester City 's limitless funds .
The Italian made a point yesterday of insisting the only certainty will be that a quintet of academy graduates brought to the club by the sporting director , Frank Arnesen , will be regular members of his senior squad next term .
The involvement of Gaël Kakuta , Jeffrey Bruma , Nemanja Matic , Fabio Borini and Patrick van Aanholt will have implications on the likes of Juliano Belletti , Michael Ballack , Deco and Joe Cole , all of whom are out of contract in the summer , as well as other ageing players such as Paulo Ferreira and Ricardo Carvalho .
" The only sure thing will be that , next season , there will be five players from the academy in the [ first - team ] squad , " said Ancelotti .
" Some other players will move on .
It 's not because we do n't have the money [ to compete in the transfer market ] but because we want to give strength to our academy .
We have very good young players and this is the time to put them in the squad for next year .
They are all able to be members of Chelsea 's first - team set - up . "
Asked whether the club 's supporters would be satisfied to enter next season without the addition of at least one big‑name signing , Ancelotti added : " They 'll be happy if Chelsea win the title and the FA Cup .
After that , I think they will see some new players in the future .
I 've seen Kakuta in the Champions League and the fans were very happy then .
Kakuta is a ' new player ' .
They will see new players .
The most important thing is that they do n't desire to see a new coach .
Do we need to win the league to make this a ' successful season ' ?
Yes , we have to win it .
At this point of the season , we have to win it . "
There is an understandable reluctance at Chelsea to match the potential level of spending at City – for whom money will , again , be no object this summer – which is likely to price the Londoners out of a move for Liverpool 's Fernando Torres .
Roberto Mancini spoke openly about his desire to sign the Spaniard this week .
" If he wants Torres , I think he 's a very good striker , a good choice , " said Ancelotti .
" We have [ Didier ] Drogba and [ Nicolas ] Anelka , and that 's enough for us .
A team has to take the players they feel they need . "
Yet there is also an acceptance that the team 's forward ranks will need energising .
Franck Ribéry 's recent off - field travails could dissuade Chelsea from seeking to bring the Bayern Munich winger to the Premier League , and Atlético Madrid 's asking price for Sergio Agüero – in excess of £ 40 m at present – will have to be dropped to nearer the £ 30 m mark for Chelsea to seek a deal .
Further options would be Wolfsburg 's highly rated forward Edin Dzeko and Alexandre Pato of Milan .
Further meetings between manager and owner will take place over the remainder of the season , while no formal decision will be made on the futures of those out - of - contract players until after the end of the campaign .
" That is not dependent upon us winning the league , " said Ancelotti .
" We are involved in important competitions at the moment , but we will take a decision at the end of the season .
We have time .
The season finishes on 15 May and they are under contract until the start of July .
So we have two months to make decisions on their contracts . "
The league leaders will consider handing Ashley Cole his first start since he broke his ankle at Everton in February against Stoke City tomorrow as they look to maintain their narrow advantage at the top of the table .
His return offers both club and country a timely boost , with the Chelsea manager insistent the full - back is " 100 % fit and focused on playing football , nothing else " following problems recently in his own private life .
John Terry is suspended against Stoke – " a big miss , " according to Ancelotti – with Mikel John Obi injured and Michael Essien out for the season .
The Germany coach , Joachim Löw , will be at Stamford Bridge where he is expected to talk to the national team captain , Ballack , about his plans for the World Cup .
Django technical design panel¶
Note beforehand : djangocon.us returns to Portland in September 2010 !
Question : is there any part of the API that you ’d like to change but ca n’t because of backward compatibility ?
Yeah , all of it .
It is 6 years old now .
But most things are changeable in a backward compatible way , however .
One specific part : the middleware API .
And urlconfs are n’t that nice .
Internals of templatetags .
Nothing really fundamental , but it needs to be cleaned up and fixed .
Here , too , the backward compatibility does n’t really prevent it from happening .
Model validation is messy and complicated .
i18n is harder than it has to be .
Question : what single feature would you like to see most in Django that already exists in framework X ?
Handling asynchonicity better .
Ruby has a nicer way of creating new applications : you can point ruby ’s version of manage .
py startapplication at a url with various templates .
Look at microframeworks .
They ’re fun .
Question :
Are there parts of the wider Python ecosystem that we can do a better job of integrating with .
We should be actively involved in the Python standards process as one of the major players .
We ’re already pretty involved in distribute , pip , virtualenv and so .
That ’s a good example .
Question :
What are the plans for python 3 ?
We have n’t made any plans for 2017 yet .
We ’re slowly dropping older releases .
Probably python 2.4 sticks around in django 1.3 , though .
There has been work done on a python 3 port .
Apparently the tests already run , though only 60 % succeed .
He considered 50 % already a huge success , so they ( =students at a canadian university , if I heard correcly ) did a good job .
Python 3 support will depend on an influx of new developers .
Question : are there plans for further standardization on “ missing feature ” apps ( like South ) ?
No real believe in the benefit of adding many more apps to contrib .
Or with voting on it .
Drupal has a good vote - on - your - plugin site .
Several people tried getting something off the ground for Django , but nothing that ’s widely used .
Finding the right apps is not only a Django problem : it is a problem for the whole of python !
If you have a good idea and if you ’re limited by web space or so ?
Ask Jacob and he
Question : how do you think the community can better get involved ?
Regarding this , I mentioned the difference between Plone and Django .
Django has a handful of core committers and loads of users .
Plone ’s user base is smaller , but the core committer count is much higher .
Plone has 80 - 100 people with core commit access .
Perhaps 30 - 40 do some sizable work every release with a couple of people taking up most of the work .
The difference stroke us when discussing it with some Plone developers during lunch .
We ’re extremely picky about adding commit access .
You have to think the same way as we do .
It allows us to work as a team .
There are other projects that work in a different ways , but this is the way we picked .
Changing it would mean major changes to how we go about our work .
Who do we pick ?
If we ’d up our committer count to 40 , we ’d need to add 30 .
I know 10 from the top of my head , but the rest is harder .
Who do you include ?
Who do you exclude ?
How do you know you can trust them ?
Django ’s trunk is extremely stable .
Many people work directly from trunk .
That stability and quality needs to be maintained .
Question : what about breaking up contrib into separately released packages ?
Twisted sets a good example by breaking itself up as separate packages .
It would be nice to be able to release certain parts ( template system , contrib.auth ) as separate packages so that they can be released more often .
Question : what are the best python practices for django devs coming from non-python background ?
Look at other python frameworks to find out where django is different .
Play with them and you ’ll be better in django .
Question : do you think django should do more to steer devs in the right direction regarding scalability , caching ?
Documentation .
That ’s the biggest .
Documentation about best practices .
Documentation has hard points .
A good dev uses virtualenv , but you do n’t want to have to explain it to a new dev right away .
Buildout solves all Jacob ’s packaging and deployment problems .
Works great .
Better than virtualenv .
But it is horrible to have to explain to a new developer how to use it .
So he says “ virtualenv ” all the time , but uses buildout instead .
There ’s a big need for better documentation .
Question : how do you pick stuff for inclusion in core ?
People have to present items for inclusion .
For instance , go through all the management commands on pypi and see which ones ought to be included in core .
Question : what about official dvcs mirrors ?
There are various mirrors ( hg , bzr , git ) .
Some are n’t really being used or updated .
Mercurial ’s ( hg ) mirror is now up - to - date ( since yesterday ) and hash - compatible with subversion .
We could advertise the effectively - official dvcs mirrors on the website .
Use one of those semi-official mirrors for the dvcs of your choice .
( About the photo : 1990 school trip to Berlin )
Now that Jennifer Lopez has a boy and a girl , she can report to David Letterman with confidence and experience that men and women 's brains are simply different .
Mommy science ensues .
Last night on The Late Show , Lopez described how her young son operates : " He 's very boy .
He 's kind of like , lots of energy , runs all over the place , does n't really think that much .
Not to say that men do n't think that much ! "
Advertisement
After slightly tripping over herself — and Letterman letting her flail , Lopez resolved , " Women in a good way and a bad way think too much sometimes , and men do n't ! "
No wonder she 's made so many romantic comedies .
Berkshire Hathaway Chairman and CEO Warren Buffett is interviewed in New York on Feb. 22 .
He said Monday that President Barack Obama should start over on health care .
Buffett would scrap health bill
Billionaire investor Warren Buffett advised President Barack Obama on Monday to scrap the health care bill and start over .
In an interview with CNBC , Buffett said the current bill does not focus on controlling costs , which he sees as the central problem that must be addressed to reform the system .
He added that while he does not like the Senate bill , he ’d vote for it in preference to doing nothing .
Advertisement
“ What we have now is untenable over time , ” said Buffett , an early supporter of Obama ’s candidacy .
“ That kind of a cost compared to the rest of the world is really like a tapeworm eating , you know , at our economic body . ”
“ We have a health system that , in terms of costs , is really out of control , ” he added .
“ And if you take this line and you project what has been happening into the future , we will get less and less competitive .
So we need something else . ”
But while Buffett , the chairman and CEO of Berkshire Hathaway , applauded Obama for taking up the reform effort , he said that “ unfortunately , we came up with a bill that really does n't attack the cost situation that much . ”
Asked if he would be in favor of scrapping the Senate health care bill , Buffett responded : “ I would be . ”
If the president were to start over , Buffett would advise him to “ just show this chart of what 's been happening and say this is the tapeworm that 's eating at American competitiveness .
And I would say that one way or another , we 're going to attack costs , costs , costs , just like they talk about jobs , jobs , jobs . ”
Buffett urged Obama to say that “ we 're going to cut off all the kinds of things like the 800,000 special people in Florida or the Cornhusker kickback , as they called it , or the Louisiana Purchase , and we 're going to — we 're going to get rid of the nonsense .
We 're just going to focus on costs and we 're not going to dream up 2,000 pages of other things .
And I would say , as president , `I 'm going to come back to you with something that 's going to do something about this , because we have to do it . ’”
Like Democrats in Congress , Buffett would like to expand access to health insurance , but he said he does not “ believe in insuring more people till you attack the cost aspect of this . ”
“ If it was a choice today between plan A , which is what we 've got , or plan B , what is in front of — the Senate bill , I would vote for the Senate bill , ” Buffett said .
“ But I would much rather see a plan C that really attacks costs .
And I think that 's what the American public wants to see .
I mean , the American public is not behind this bill .
And we need the American public behind the bill , because it 's going to have to do some tough things . ”
March 2 , 2010
Conservatives have women 's rights in their sights when they promote legislation to " protect the unborn , " explains Elizabeth Schulte .
IF UTAH legislators get their way , a pregnant woman could be arrested for having a miscarriage -- or doing anything that the state perceives as a threat to the fetus .
According to a bill passed by the state House and Senate and awaiting the signature of the governor , a woman could be charged with criminal homicide if she is found to have induced a miscarriage .
The bill 's sponsor , Republican Rep. Carl Wimmer , is a former police officer and chair of Utah Family Action Council , which he describes as " continually working to pass pro-life legislation which will weaken Roe v. Wade . "
He is also a supporter of the right - wing Tea Party and 9/12 movements , and co-founded the pro-" states ' rights " Patrick Henry Caucus .
Right - wing , anti-choice supporters of the bill like Wimmer highlighted the case of a 17 - year - old who was seven months pregnant and allegedly paid a man to beat her and cause her to miscarry .
The man struck her and kicked her repeatedly in the abdomen .
The teenager did n't miscarry but gave birth and eventually put the child up for adoption , but she was still charged with murder .
The charges were ultimately dropped .
Carl Wimmer addresses the Utah House of Representatives
" Justice was not served , " Wimmer said of the outcome in this terrible case .
During the House hearing on the bill , he read from a letter by the woman who adopted the teenager 's child , who described the child as " full of life . "
" I am so grateful that the attempt on her life was unsuccessful , " the adoptive mother wrote .
Of course , nothing was said about the desperation the 17 - year - old must have felt to resort to paying someone to beat her to end her hardship .
AT LEAST 37 states have so - called " feticide " or " fetal homicide " laws , which are typically aimed at people who hurt pregnant women or doctors who perform late - term abortions .
Many of these state laws are inspired by the federal " Unborn Victims of Violence Act , " passed in 2004 , under which someone who attacks a pregnant women can be charged with a crime against the pregnant woman and the fetus .
These laws -- which supporters claim " protect the unborn " -- are part of larger campaign to elevate fetuses so that they have the rights of living human beings .
In the process , the rights of real live women , such as our legal right to abortion , are viewed as less important .
In some states , the target of these laws is the pregnant woman herself .
In January , Christine Taylor , a pregnant women and mother of two in Iowa , was accused of attempted " feticide " after she fell down some stairs .
The charges were based on what she thought was a private conversation with medical personnel after her fall , in which she described some of the extreme difficulties she was having with her husband , who had left her , and her desperation of trying to provide for two children by herself without a job .
The conversation was passed onto police , and the next thing she knew , she had been charged with attempting feticide .
Taylor was arrested and taken to jail as she was leaving the hospital .
She said she spent two days in jail , while her two children wondered where she was .
The charges were dropped -- after Taylor 's doctor confirmed that she was in her second , not third trimester , when the Iowa fetal homicide law would have applied .
But the damage was already done , with the story splashed across the media .
" My name is ruined , " Taylor told the Des Moines Register .
" Just Google it .
Now I wo n't even be able to get a job . "
The Utah bill is different from past bills because laws in other states apply only to pregnant women in their third trimester , whereas the Utah bill would cover a woman 's entire pregnancy .
So if a woman has a miscarriage in her first trimester , she could be up on murder charges .
The legislation would make a woman legally responsible for her miscarriage if a district attorney can show that it was the result of so - called " reckless behavior " -- using drugs , for example .
This could lead to a situation in which pregnant women with drug or alcohol addiction problems avoid seeking the help they need because they fear arrest .
All in all , the bill is written so broadly that it could criminalize anything a pregnant woman does that comes under state scrutiny .
" This statute and the standards chosen leave a large number of pregnant women vulnerable to arrest even though they have no intention of ending a pregnancy , " Lynn Paltrow , executive director of National Advocates for Pregnant Women , told Rachel Larris for RH Reality Check .
" Whether or not the legislature intended this bill to become a tool for policing and punishing all pregnant women , if enacted , this law would permit prosecution of a pregnant woman who stayed with her abusive husband because she was unable to leave , " Paltrow said .
" Not leaving would , under the ' reckless ' standard , constitute conduct that consciously disregarded a substantial risk . "
As Nancy Northup , president of the Center for Reproductive Rights , told the New York Times , " Prosecutors have a lot of discretion , and miscarriage is a sad but common event in connection with pregnancy .
This bill would cast suspicion , potentially , on every single miscarriage . "
The bill passed in large part due to Republican majorities in the Utah House and Senate , but Democrats also played a role .
Three Democratic women in the Senate voted in favor .
This legislation sets a terrible precedent for women seeking abortions .
It elevates the " rights " of a fetus above those of a living , breathing woman .
And it 's terrible news for pregnant women in general -- it confines them to the role of producing babies , first and foremost , above every other consideration in their lives -- under threat of punishment .
Women are relegated to being incubators , and it's up to anyone but her - - health providers , police , judges -- to decide what she can do with her body .
Women are n't supposed to lose their rights when they become pregnant .
But this is what " fetal homicide " laws are all about .
Recently I read with dismay an article by Mort Zuckerman , the editor of U.S. News & World Report , on the Huffingtonpost.com titled ‘ Breaking the Public Sector Unions ’ Stranglehold on State and Local Governments . ’
First , that ’s a whopper of a title , right ?
Secondly , the article has nothing at all to do with facts .
When you start with a false premise ( i.e. the union stranglehold ) it is easier to lead readers to false conclusions ( i.e. public sector workers are paid too much , have cushy pensions , health plans , etc. ) .
Let ’s deal with Zuckerman ’s claims one at a time .
The union stranglehold : Zuckerman claims , “ The public sector unions organize voting campaigns for politicians who , on election , repay their benefactors by approving salaries and benefits for the public sector , irrespective of whether they are sustainable . ”
He continues , “ These unions will naturally back a candidate willing to support better pay and benefits for their members . ”
This , Zuckerman claims , perpetuates the unions ’ stranglehold on state and local governments .
First , has Zuckerman been living in a cave ?
Seriously ?
Either he is incredibly naive , an idiot or a liar .
His analysis is not only condescending .
Even worse , it ’s petty !
Of course public sector unions – all unions , all organizations , community groups , and do n’t forget the corporations !
– organize voting campaigns .
Of course they support candidates who back their issues – higher pay , better benefits , etc .
To think otherwise is idiocy !
That ’s the whole point !
Do n’t act shocked and surprised Zuckerman .
It is disingenuous !
As Bart Simpson would say , ‘ Duh ! ’
Additionally , we have to ask :
Does organizing voting campaigns equal a stranglehold ?
Just because you organize a campaign does n’t mean you win !
Last I checked only a small percentage of union backed candidates actually make it into office !
And when they do they are always in the minority .
Stranglehold ?
I do n’t think so !
Furthermore , where ’s Zuckerman ’s outrage regarding corporations and their voting campaigns ?
Are n’t they repaid with sweetheart contracts , tax breaks , loopholes and lax regulatory oversight ?
BP anyone ?
I ’m sure the disaster in the Gulf Coast can be traced back to BP financed candidates who support off - shore drilling .
Additionally , Zuckerman adds , “ Over recent decades public sector employment has exploded and public workers have come to dominate the labor movement . ”
However , the truth is far less dramatic .
In fact , maybe Zuckerman should leave the drama to the cast of Glee .
A simple Google search of Bureau of Labor Statistics ( BLS ) reports shows that public sector union membership is currently at 7.9 million , while 7.4 million workers belong to unions in the private sector .
A total of about 15.5 million workers belong to unions .
The total U.S. work force is around 230 million .
Obviously , both sectors are in a weakened position .
Do public sector workers make - up a larger share of the unionized work force ?
Yes , but they hardly dominate it .
They have .5 percent more members than the private sector unions , and that is largely because of the recession .
Has the percentage of the private sector unionized work force declined in recent years ?
Yes , but we ’ve also been in the worst recession since the Great Depression and the private sector has lost millions of jobs , many of them union jobs in auto , steel , construction , etc .
A decline in private sector employment does n’t necessarily equal an explosion in public sector employment .
Common sense coupled with a Google search of BLS data discredits Zuckerman ’s first claim .
The cushy pay and benefits : Through - out his article Zuckerman uses a lot of emotional rhetoric , but very little factual data .
He insists that public sector workers have “ extraordinary benefits , ” “ soaring pay , ” “ generous health insurance benefits ” and “ gold - plated perks . ”
But wait , do n’t forget about the “ multibillion - dollar unfunded liability ” of union imposed “ defined contribution ” pension plans .
He even goes so far as to claim that public sector workers are the “ cushioned brethren ” of private sector workers .
Now the facts : According to the BLS , the average pay for private - sector workers grew from $ 36,525 in 2001 to $ 46,708 in 2008 .
Pay for state employees trailed slightly , growing from $ 35,386 in 2001 to $ 43,540 seven years later .
The most current data from the BLS indicates that the average pay for state employees today is about $ 50,000 – this includes executives , managers and union represented employees .
However , public sector unions do n’t represent executives , managers and other higher paid job classifications .
They represent low - pay workers – the people who run the Department of Social Services , the Unemployment Offices , the Medicaid and Medicare office , etc .
The average pay , if executives and managers are excluded , would be considerably lower .
As to the so - called “ extraordinary benefits ” and “ gold - plated perks , ” all I have to say is this :
If the union negotiated it and the state agreed to it , then it is a contract !
I believe in the sanctity of a contract .
Maybe Zuckerman does n’t .
I do n’t know .
Maybe they do n’t have contracts in that cave he ’s been living in !
Photo : Public worker union members from AFSCME participate in 2008 Labor Walk in Wisconsin to mobilize union members to vote and educate them about the issues .
Casie Yoder / AFL-CIO/CC / http://www.flickr.com/photos/labor2008/2603491739/
Bells on cats to ' help corncrake ' on Western Isles
Cats are attracted to the calls made by male corncrake
Pet owners on the Western Isles have been asked by the RSPB to add bells to the collars of their cats to help protect one of Scotland 's rarest birds .
Conservation officer Martin Scott said corncrake have been killed by cats after migrating to the islands to breed .
He said the bells could heighten the birds ' chances of survival .
Good concentrations of corncrake are thought to exist on Lewis , North and South Uist , Tiree and Coll .
Mr Scott said : " Every year I see corncrakes that have been killed by domestic cats .
" It 's a real shame , for a bird that has just flown in from Africa , but by taking a few simple measures it may be possible to reduce the death toll . "
' Slipping away ' Corncrakes are most at risk during the night when male corncrakes start calling and attract the attentions of predators , the conservation officer said .
He added : " It would be great if cat owners in corncrake areas would keep their pets in during the hours of darkness .
" Another useful thing to do would be to add a bell to their collars .
That heightens the chances of the corncrakes slipping away from the danger . "
The species is a long - distance migratory species that winter in sub-Saharan Africa and come to the UK in summer to breed .
Corncrakes arrive in Scotland from Africa in mid-April
Their favoured habitat is tall grasses and herbs , particularly hay and silage meadows .
However , in the late 19th Century the mechanisation of farming led to crops being harvested quicker and corncrake population plummeted and became restricted to the Hebridean islands on the west coast of Scotland .
In 1993 , the British population was estimated at just 480 males heard calling for mates .
But by 2003 this figure had almost doubled to 832 males .
Subsequent annual counts have shown that the population increase continued throughout the 2000s , and in 2007 the population in its Scottish strongholds hit a high of more than 1,270 calling males .
However , this number declined in 2008 by 8 % to 1,140 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Droiddog.com is reporting that the handset pictured to the left may be a new Motoblur prototype from Motorola in the wild .
The details and chain of events that led to the picture are are sketchy but not impossible .
“ My source says his buddy ’s dad works for Motorola and let his son take the phone to school , who , in turn , lent the phone to my source to be used as a calculator on a math test . ”
The author of the article goes on to point out the obvious fact that if this indeed a new , secret handset , the odds are extremely low that a Motorola employee just hands over the phone to his kid to use for the day .
On the other hand , this would be one fantastic Photoshop job with the scuffs and lighting effects .
More trouble than it might be worth .
So let the comments roll in .
What do you think ?
Do you think that this funky looking square slider is indeed a new Motoblur handset we have not yet heard of ?
More importantly , does it appeal to you ?
Mixa bietet Papst Rücktritt an Peter Muehlbauer
Aus Rom ist noch keine Reaktion bekannt
Der umstrittene Augsburger Bischof Walter Mixa hat dem Papst mehreren Zeitungsberichten zufolge seinen Rücktritt angeboten .
In den vergangenen Tagen war der Druck auf ihn stark gestiegen – zuletzt hatten ihm auch manche seiner Kollegen zu einem " geistlichen " und räumlichen Rückzug geraten .
Ob Josef Ratzinger den Rücktritt annehmen wird , ist noch nicht bekannt .
Der Kirchenfürst hatte in der Vergangenheit unter anderem dadurch Aufsehen erregt , dass er die " Fixierung auf die Evolutionstheorie " im Schulunterricht als " totalitär " verdammte und Pläne für einen Umbau der staatlichen Kinderförderung weg von Geldleistungen und hin zu kostenlosen Betreuungsangeboten mit dem Vorwurf kritisierte , so etwas diene lediglich dazu , " junge Frauen als Arbeitskräfte - Reserve für die Industrie zu rekrutieren " und würde diese " zu Gebärmaschinen degradieren " .
Außerdem , so der Bischof , erinnere es ihn an die DDR .
2009 meinte der gebürtige Oberschlesier beim Politischen Aschermittwoch der CSU Dinkelsbühl , der Holocaust sei zwar ein " entsetzliches Verbrechen " gewesen , aber neun Millionen Schwangerschaftsabbrüche seien auch " Verbrechen gegen das Leben " .
Als im Februar 2010 immer mehr Missbrauchsfälle in katholischen Einrichtungen bekannt wurden , verwies der mit einer Arbeit über " das Werden der Person durch Glaube , Hoffnung und Liebe nach Martin Deutinger " promovierte Theologe auf die " sexuelle Revolution " und auf " progressive Moralkritiker " , denen er eine Mitschuld an den ( allerdings häufig vor 1968 geschehenen ) Vorfällen geben wollte .
Darauf hin versicherten mehrere ehemalige Heimkinder der Süddeutschen Zeitung per eidesstattlicher Erklärung , der fleißige Buchautor , von dem unter anderem die Werke " Hallo Bischof , ich schreib dir was " , " Friede und Versöhnung im Zeichen des Kreuzes " und " Selbstverständlich katholisch ! " stammen , habe sie während seiner Zeit als Schrobenhausener Stadtpfarrer unter anderem mit einem Teppichklopfer körperlich misshandelt - worauf hin dieser wiederum mit " zivilrechtlichen und strafrechtlichen Schritten " drohte .
Als sich die Betroffenen dadurch aber nicht beirren ließen und während der Untersuchungen der Verdacht aufkam , dass Mixa für Heimkinder bestimmtes Geld dazu verwendet hatte , sich einen fürstlichen Lebensstil mit historischen Kunstwerken , teuren Weinen und anderen Annehmlichkeiten und Statussymbolen zu finanzieren , geriet er immer mehr in die Defensive ( siehe Bischof Mixa im Rückwärtsgang ) .
Auch , weil die Vorwürfe ein neues Licht auf einen Vorfall aus dem Jahre 2002 warfen , bei dem der mazedonischen Zoll 205.000 Euro in Bar im Handgepäck des Bischofs entdeckt hatte .
A trail of paint led to the arrest of two men who allegedly splashed white paint on seven vehicles in Boulder early today .
Arrested were Boulder residents Jarrad McKay , 21 , and Matthew Baker , 20 , according to the Boulder Police Department .
They are being held for investigation of criminal mischief and theft .
According to investigators , a passer - by discovered a car covered with paint around 1 a.m. in the area of 17th Street and Aurora Avenue .
When Boulder officers arrived , they found five vehicles in an alley and two vehicles on the street splattered with white paint .
Police were able to follow a trail of paint to the home of one of the suspects in the 800 block of 17th Street .
There they contacted McKay and Baker , who had tell - tale signs of white paint on them , said police .
Both admitted they were involved in the vandalism and said they had stolen the paint from University Hill Elementary School , according to officers .
Anyone with additional information about the incident is asked to call Officer Chris Clark at 303-441-3333 .
Any additional victims are asked to call the Boulder Police Department at 303-441-3333 .
Howard Pankratz : 303-954-1939 or hpankratz@denverpost.com
It is unlikely to be the most lighthearted walking tour on offer this summer .
But one taking in the places that helped shape lives of Joy Division and their frontman Ian Curtis is expected to attract hundreds of fans of the influential band to Macclesfield , the singer 's home town , this year .
A key stop will be 77 Barton Street where Curtis lived with his wife , Debbie , wrote many of his songs and , at 23 , killed himself exactly 30 years ago tomorrow .
The walk will continue to the town crematorium where a memorial –bearing the words of the song Love Will Tear Us Apart – has become a shrine for fans around the world .
On a more upbeat note , walkers will be encouraged to visit the pubs , clubs and rehearsal spaces – such as the Travellers ' Rest and Krumbles nightclub – where Joy Division first played .
The guide , in the form of an annotated map , will be available throughout the town to help fans trace the steps that shaped the band 's music – including the Armitt Street labour exchange , where Curtis worked helping disabled people claim benefits , and King school , where he was a prefect and drummer Steven Morris was expelled .
Fans from as far away as Japan are expected to travel to the former industrial town , said writer and punk historian Jon Savage .
" Macclesfield is a slightly gloomy town … and if you want the Joy Division experience it is a good place to go .
You get a sense of where Curtis was from , and what he was trying to escape from . "
But the tour and accompanying exhibition , which opens on 27 July , need not be a grim experience , Savage said .
" People think Joy Division is depressing music , but it is actually very uplifting .
The response we 've had from fans donating material to the exhibition has been very uplifting .
The lyrics can be quite doomy but the music is very exciting and the band were very exciting live . "
The Unknown Pleasures exhibition , held at 1813 Sunday School Heritage Centre building , will include original record sleeves , posters and handbills , as well as set lists , rare vinyl and letters from late Manchester music impresario Tony Wilson and Joy Division members to the band 's manager , Rob Gretton .
Capturing the unhappiness and dissatisfaction that plagued Curtis during his short career , the exhibition includes a letter in which he declares Joy Division 's acclaimed second album , Closer , " a disaster " .
The band 's enduring appeal is down not only to their music , but to the story behind it , said Savage .
" Joy Division were one of the last great music industry stories .
They were truly independent and complete self - starters .
It is a story that lasted for a very brief period , that had a very sad ending but that produced some fantastic music . "
A series of events around Macclesfield , including percussion workshops , design sessions and guided photography tours , will also be held in celebration of the band .
Museum director Richard de Peyer said : " Macclesfield has never had the opportunity to celebrate Ian Curtis 's work in a way which benefits the communities of the town and also attracts music fans from far and wide .
This summer seemed like the right moment to do that . "
Enlarge AFP / Getty Images Somali pirates stand in the dock during their trial in Sanaa on May 18 , 2010 .
A Yemeni court sentenced six Somali pirates to death and jailed six others for 10 years each for hijacking a Yemeni oil tanker and killing two cabin crew in April last year .
Pirates have stepped up their attacks off the coast of Somalia this year despite a large international naval flotilla designed to protect merchant shipping in the Horn of Africa region .
" The pirates are becoming more brazen , " said Lt. Cmdr. Corey Barker , a spokesman for the U.S. 5th Fleet , headquartered in Bahrain .
Pirates launched 47 attacks in the region off the east coast of Somalia in the first four months of this year , up from 37 during the same period last year , according to U.S. 5th Fleet statistics .
Not all of the attempts were successful , but the increase reflects a shift in tactics by pirates .
The heavy presence of international forces has forced pirates farther afield .
" They 're going to greater lengths now , " Barker said of the pirates .
U.S. officials have said the piracy problem can be solved only by establishing order in Somalia , a lawless country where pirates thrive .
" As we work to combat piracy 's impact at sea , we are also working to address the conditions in Somalia that ( have ) allowed piracy to take root , " said Robert Maggi , the State Department 's counter - piracy coordinator .
Somalia , however , remains chaotic and even a large naval flotilla has struggled to provide security over the 1.1 million square miles of ocean they patrol .
" The answer is not sending billions of dollars of warships to chase a ship worth $ 1,000 , " said James Kraska , a professor at the U.S. Naval War College .
" You 're not going to win that game . "
After a rash of pirate attacks in 2008 , the international community rushed a flotilla of naval ships into the waters off the Horn of Africa in an effort to protect international shipping passing through the Gulf of Aden .
Today , there are an average of about 25 ships patrolling the area .
The naval forces have established a 464 - mile - long corridor for about 33,000 vessels that use the Gulf of Aden each year .
" Within this corridor , the pirates ' success rate has fallen to nearly zero , " Maggi said .
But pirates have moved outside the area to prey on ships , adjusting their tactics to reach farther from the coast .
Pirates sometimes use so - called mother ships to launch smaller skiffs once they are in range of their target .
" It 's just pushed the problem elsewhere , " said Peter Chalk , an analyst at RAND Corp. , a think tank .
Overall , the number of attacks in the Horn of Africa waters has increased , but the ratio of attacks that have been successful has dropped .
" We 've prevented more , " Barker said .
Officials attribute the increased success in averting attacks to the naval presence and evasive maneuvers and other tactics used by merchant ships .
Merchant ships are using concertina wire and electrical fencing to keep pirates from boarding ships .
Some ships carry armed security guards .
Using those types of evasive tactics and techniques is a proven deterrent against hijacking , Lt. Matt Alden said .
Pirates generally hijack ships and hold the vessels and crews for millions of dollars in ransom .
Prosecuting pirates , who work in international waters , has remained a problem .
" These guys are n't going to stop anytime soon , " Chalk said .
" The risk of being caught is low , prosecution is lower . "
Contributing : Paul Overberg Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Today was finally the big day .
After carefully making all the right arrangements , crossing every ‘ t ’ and dotting every ‘ i ’ , and most importantly , getting permission from Chairman Rudd , Communications Minister Stephen Conroy was finally ready to reveal to the world his big project .
The National Broadband Network Implementation Study !
But not everything went according to plan .
First , the naughty press secretary had n’t set up the content management system right , so the nasty reporters saw something they were n’t supposed to when they tried to look at his awesome press release .
Conroy sorted that one out .
Hooray !
The reporters could read his sensational press release !
But then something else went wrong when they tried to access the Implementation Study itself .
But then things only went from bad to worse .
When the website worked , the naughty broadband department had not uploaded the report correctly .
Naughty DBCDE !
Naughty !
Then when the report was uploaded properly , there were too many people trying to access the report at the same time .
Everyone agrees :
There are too many journalists in general and some need to be gotten rid of .
Everyone would find life easier then .
Even after all these problems were sorted out , Conroy could n’t rest .
He still had to sort out the problems with the department ’s Wiki page .
It was n’t working either .
What a big day for Stephen Conroy !
Image credits : Delimiter
Advertisements
President Obama delivered remarks in Venice , LA today after touring the Gulf Coast area and getting a look at the BP Oil Spill .
While the right wing media has been portraying this event as Obama ’s Katrina , the president showed the type of leadership that was missing from the GOP after Hurricane Katrina , “ Your government will do whatever it takes , for as long as it takes , to stop this crisis . ”
Obama sure is n’t W .
Here is the video of Obama ’s remarks via The Washington Post :
Advertisements
Obama said , “ So I want to emphasize , from day one we have prepared and planned for the worst , even as we hoped for the best .
And while we have prepared and reacted aggressively , I ’m not going to rest — and none of the gentlemen and women who are here are going to rest — or be satisfied until the leak is stopped at the source , the oil on the Gulf is contained and cleaned up , and the people of this region are able to go back to their lives and their livelihoods . ”
The President also stressed an air of cooperation that was missing during the bungling of the response to Katrina , “ I also want to stress that we are working closely with the Gulf states and local communities to help every American affected by this crisis .
Let me be clear : BP is responsible for this leak ; BP will be paying the bill .
But as President of the United States , I ’m going to spare no effort to respond to this crisis for as long as it continues .
And we will spare no resource to clean up whatever damage is caused .
And while there will be time to fully investigate what happened on that rig and hold responsible parties accountable , our focus now is on a fully coordinated , relentless response effort to stop the leak and prevent more damage to the Gulf . ”
He committed himself and the federal government to the region , “ But every American affected by this spill should know this :
Your government will do whatever it takes , for as long as it takes , to stop this crisis .
This is one of the richest and most beautiful ecosystems on the planet , and for centuries its residents have enjoyed and made a living off the fish that swim in these waters and the wildlife that inhabit these shores .
This is also the heartbeat of the region ’s economic life .
And we ’re going to do everything in our power to protect our natural resources , compensate those who have been harmed , rebuild what has been damaged , and help this region persevere like it has done so many times before .
That ’s a commitment I ’m making as President of the United States , and I know that everybody who works for the federal government feels the exact same way . ”
Compare Obama ’s response to the fact that George W. Bush did not even break off his vacation and return to Washington until almost two days after Katrina struck .
Bush was on vacation for almost two days while his own people were suffering and dying .
The Bush administration ’s response , much like Nagin and Blanco ’s was to claim that they did n’t know that the levees would overflow , but video surfaced of Bush being warned that the levees would overflow , but yet he did nothing .
The point is not to solely blame George W. Bush for Katrina .
Nagin and Blanco also bear responsibility , but if the discussion is about leadership , Obama blows the GOP away .
On his trip to the Gulf , Obama demonstrated true presidential leadership that goes against the right wing characterization of him as a weak leader .
The BP oil spill is not Obama ’s Katrina , because his administration had already responded better to the crisis , that the Republicans ever could .
America had eight years , and countless examples of what passes for Republican leadership .
It is a comforting thought to know that federal government is back in competent hands .
Have you heard of " Quit Facebook Day ? "
If not , you 're not alone .
In response to the recent Facebook privacy issues , a batch of users is pledging to deactivate their Facebook accounts en masse Monday .
But the campaign only represents two percent of Facebook 's user base ... if that .
Have you heard of " Quit Facebook Day ? "
If not , you 're not alone .
In response to the recent Facebook privacy issues , a batch of users founded this celebration of - sorts ( not on Facebook , obviously ) in hopes that thousands more would join their commitment to deactivate their Facebook accounts come May 31 .
Well , that 's tomorrow , and according to a new batch of research from Vision Critical , " Quit Facebook Day " appears to be a bust .
It 's unclear whether user apathy or Facebook 's recent batch of privacy modifications is the root of the failed attempt .
Facebook CEO
Mark Zuckerberg unveiled a new batch of simpler privacy options for Facebook in a press conference last week as well as alterations to the kind of information Facebook shares by default with entities that are n't a user 's actual friend , amongst other changes .
A variety of institutions praised Facebook 's new stance on privacy -- users too .
According to Vision Critical , 61 percent of 699 surveyed users said that they were happy with Facebook 's response to the various privacy concerns surrounding its operations , although 81 percent maintain that they 're still going to treat Facebook a little more carefully in regards to what information they use or share on its network .
As for " Quit Facebook Day , " only 11 percent of surveyed users had even heard of the event at the time of Vision Critical 's survey .
While 22 percent of that 11 percent vowed to continue forward in deleting their accounts , the number - - once extrapolated -- indicates that only two percent of Facebook 's entire U.S. user base plans to go forward with account deletion .
Quit Facebook
Day 's official site has 25,157 " confirmed " Facebook quitters as of this article 's writing .
" These findings suggest that while Facebook users are becoming increasingly concerned about their privacy and the type of information they are sharing with others , the apocalyptic predictions of mass churn from Facebook are highly overrated and likely fueled by a small but vocal group of highly engaged Facebook consumers , " says Matt Kleinschmit , Senior Vice President of Media for Vision Critical .
" Too many users are just too vested in the service to delete their account and dismantle a social network they have cultivated over time , " he adds .
PCMag recently ran its own analysis of the top Facebook privacy concerns compared up against Zuckerberg 's proposed changes .
For five of the six privacy areas that editors demanded Facebook change , Zuckerberg 's announcements were found to only adequately cover two .
Check out our original analysis here and our mash - up of Zuckerberg 's promises against Facebook 's critical privacy weaknesses here .
HOUSTON  BP engineers struggled Friday to plug a gushing oil well a mile under the sea , but as of late in the day they had made little headway in stemming the flow .
Amid mixed messages about problems and progress , the effort  called a “ top kill ”  continued for a third day , with engineers describing a painstaking process of trying to plug the hole , using different weights of mud and sizes of debris like golf balls and tires , and then watching and waiting .
They can not use brute force because they risk making the leak worse if they damage the pipes leading down to the well .
Despite an apparent lack of progress , officials said they would continue with the process for another 48 hours , into Sunday , before giving up and considering other options , including another containment dome to try to capture the oil .
President Obama , who visited the Gulf Coast on Friday , spoke broadly about the government ’s response to the environmental disaster , saying that “ not every judgment we make will be right the first time out . ”
Back in early spring , Khristan Yates worked as a quality assurance analyst at a marketing company and loved her job .
" I had one of the best jobs of my career , " recalls Yates , 31 , a resident of Chicago .
Yates , who 's a mother of two children , had moved into a bigger apartment just before the pandemic hit because she wanted to give her kids more space .
At the time , she felt like she was " at the top of her world . "
But as the economic effects of the pandemic hit the marketing industry among others , she lost her job in May .
Many great writers of the 20th century ( especially American writers ) struggled with addictions to alcohol .
Some believe that this may have contributed to their great artistic abilities , while others believe that the alcohol served as a medication for other problems in their lives .
This is a list of the 15 greatest writers who were alcoholics .
15 . Hunter Thompson
Hunter Stockton Thompson ( July 18 , 1937 – February 20 , 2005 ) was an American journalist and author , famous for his novel Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas .
On July 21 , 1981 , in Aspen , Colorado , Thompson ran a stop sign at 2 am and began to “ rave ” at a state trooper .
He also refused to take alcohol tests .
Because of his refusal he was detained , although during a trial the drunk - driving charges against the journalist were dropped because there was no basis for the charges .
14 . Raymond Chandler
Raymond Thornton Chandler ( July 23 , 1888 – March 26 , 1959 ) was an author of crime stories and novels of immense stylistic influence upon modern crime fiction , especially in the style of the writing and the attitudes now characteristic of the genre .
His most famous character is Philip Marlowe .
Chandler abused alcohol for the entire duration of his writing career .
13 . John Cheever
John Cheever ( May 27 , 1912 – June 18 , 1982 ) was an American novelist and short story writer , sometimes called “ the Chekhov of the suburbs ” or “ the Ovid of Ossining . ”
A compilation of his short stories , The Stories of John Cheever , won the 1979 Pulitzer Prize for Fiction .
A combination of his extreme alcoholism and inability to cope with being bisexual , Cheever sought the advice of a therapist who said : “ [ Cheever ] is a neurotic man , narcissistic , egocentric , friendless , and so deeply involved in [ his ] own defensive illusions that [ he has ] invented a manic - depressive wife . ”
He eventually won the battle against Alcohol and began a relationship with a male student .
12 . O. Henry
O. Henry is the pen name of American writer William Sydney Porter ( September 11 , 1862 – June 5 , 1910 ) .
Porter ’s 400 short stories are known for their wit , wordplay , characterization and the clever use of twist endings .
A prolific writer , often turning out a story a week , he kept his real identity a secret as his fame as O .
Henry grew .
A failure at business , a spendthrift , and finally an alcoholic , he died in poverty on June 5 , 1910 .
11 . Tennessee Williams
Thomas Lanier Williams III ( March 26 , 1911 – February 25 , 1983 ) , better known by the nickname Tennessee Williams , was a major American playwright of the twentieth century who received many of the top theatrical awards for his work .
One of Williams ’ most enduring works , Cat On A Hot Tin Roof , included references to elements of his life such as homosexuality , mental instability and alcoholism .
10 . Dylan Thomas
Dylan Marlais Thomas ( 27 October 1914 – 9 November 1953 ) was a Welsh poet .
He is regarded by many as one of the 20th century ’s most influential poets .
His best known works include “ Under Milk Wood ” and “ Do not go gentle into that good night ” .
He liked to boast about his drinking and said : “ An alcoholic is someone you do n’t like , who drinks as much as you do . ”
Thomas ’ health rapidly began to deteriorate as a result of his drinking ; he was warned by his doctor to give up alcohol but he carried on regardless .
On 3 November 1953 , Dylan Thomas and Liz Reitell , celebrated his 39th birthday and the success of 18 Poems .
On November 5 , Dylan Thomas was quaffing a few beers with Liz Reitell at the White Horse Tavern , Greenwich Village , Manhattan , when he started to feel ill .
He slipped in to a coma and died four days later .
9. Dorothy Parker
Dorothy Parker ( August 22 , 1893 – June 7 , 1967 ) was an American writer and poet , best known for her caustic wit , wisecracks , and sharp eye for 20th century urban foibles .
Parker survived three marriages ( two to the same man ) and several suicide attempts , but grew increasingly dependent on alcohol .
Although she would come to dismiss her own talents and deplore her reputation as a “ wisecracker , ” her literary output and her sparkling wit have endured long past her death .
8. Edgar Allen Poe
Edgar Allan Poe ( January 19 , 1809 – October 7 , 1849 ) was an American poet , short - story writer , editor , and literary critic , and is considered part of the American Romantic Movement .
Best known for his tales of mystery and the macabre , Poe was one of the earliest American practitioners of the short story and invented the detective - fiction genre .
On October 7 , 1849 , at age 40 , Poe died in Baltimore ; the cause of his death is unknown and has been attributed to alcohol , brain congestion , cholera , drugs , heart disease , rabies , suicide , tuberculosis , and other agents .
7. Truman Capote
Truman Capote ( 30 September 1924 – 25 August 1984 ) was an American writer whose stories , novels , plays , and non-fiction are recognized literary classics , including the novella Breakfast at Tiffany ’s ( 1958 ) and In Cold Blood ( 1965 ) , which he labeled a “ non-fiction novel . ”
While Capote was writing In Cold Blood , he would have a double martini before lunch , another with lunch and a stinger afterward .
After he was arrested for drunken driving on Long Island , he went to Silver Hill , an expensive clinic in Connecticut for alcoholics .
He could stay off the booze for three or four months , and then he went back on it .
He appeared on a talk show ; drunk and rambling .
“ I drink , ” he said after one binge , “ because it ’s the only time I can stand it . ”
6. Jack Kerouac
Jack Kerouac ( March 12 , 1922 – October 21 , 1969 ) was an American novelist , writer , poet , and artist .
Along with William S. Burroughs and Allen Ginsberg , he is amongst the best known of the writers ( and friends ) known as the Beat Generation .
Kerouac died on October 21 , 1969 at St. Anthony ’s Hospital in St. Petersburg , Florida , one day after being rushed with severe abdominal pain from his St. Petersburg home by ambulance .
His death , at the age of 47 , resulted from an internal hemorrhage ( bleeding esophageal varices ) caused by cirrhosis of the liver , the result of a lifetime of heavy drinking .
5. William Faulkner
William Cuthbert Faulkner ( September 25 , 1897 – July 6 , 1962 ) was an American novelist , film screenwriter , and poet whose works feature his native state of Mississippi .
He is regarded as one of the most influential writers of the twentieth century and was awarded the 1949 Nobel Prize for Literature .
Much has been made of the fact that Faulkner had a serious drinking problem throughout his life , but as Faulkner himself stated on several occasions , and as was witnessed by members of his family , the press , and friends at various periods over the course of his career , he did not drink while writing , nor did he believe that alcohol helped to fuel the creative process .
It is now widely believed that Faulkner used alcohol as an “ escape valve ” from the day - to - day pressures of his regular life .
4. Charles Bukowski
Henry Charles Bukowski ( August 16 , 1920 – March 9 , 1994 ) was an influential Los Angeles poet and novelist .
Bukowski’s writing was heavily influenced by the geography and atmosphere of his home city of Los Angeles .
His father was in and out of work during the Depression years and was a reputed tyrant , verbally and physically abusing his son throughout his childhood .
It was perhaps to numb himself from his father ’s abuse that Bukowski began drinking at the age of 13 , initiating his life - long affair with alcohol .
3. F. Scott Fitzgerald
Francis Scott Key Fitzgerald ( September 24 , 1896 – December 21 , 1940 ) was an American writer of novels and short stories , whose works have been seen as evocative of the Jazz Age , a term he himself allegedly coined .
Fitzgerald had been an alcoholic since his college days , and became notorious during the 1920s for his extraordinarily heavy drinking , leaving him in poor health by the late 1930s .
On the night of December 20 , 1940 , he had a heart attack , and the next day , December 21 , while awaiting a visit from his doctor , Fitzgerald collapsed and died .
He was 44 .
2. James Joyce
James Augustine Aloysius Joyce ( 2 February 1882 – 13 January 1941 ) was an Irish expatriate writer , widely considered to be one of the most influential writers of the 20th century .
He is best known for his landmark novel Ulysses ( 1922 ) and its highly controversial successor Finnegans Wake ( 1939 ) .
Joyce lived in Dublin for many years , binge drinking the whole time .
His drinking episodes occasionally caused fights in the local pubs .
1. Ernest Hemingway
Ernest Miller Hemingway ( July 21 , 1899 – July 2 , 1961 ) was an American novelist , short - story writer , and journalist .
Nicknaming himself “ Papa ” while still in his 20s , he was part of the 1920s expatriate community in Paris known as “ the Lost Generation ” , as described in his memoir A Moveable Feast .
Throughout his life , Hemingway had been a heavy drinker , succumbing to alcoholism in his later years during which time he suffered from increasing physical and mental problems .
In July 1961 , after being released from a mental hospital where he ’d been treated for severe depression , he committed suicide at his home in Ketchum , Idaho with a shotgun .
Notable Omissions : Frederick Exley , Harry Crews , Jack London , Stephen King
This article is licensed under the GFDL .
It uses and expands on material from Wikipedia .
My initial hands - on review of the iPad for Boing Boing mentioned The Elements , one of a handful of apps built specifically for iPad available for review prior to Saturday 's public launch .
After spending some quality time with the app , I can say The Elements is my favorite at this very early stage .
We 've covered previous iterations of Theodore Gray 's gorgeous periodic table series before — books , posters , puzzles , but it 's as if all of that was a sketch , and this app the real intended execution of his project .
The Elements transforms a familiar scientific reference into a dazzling , living book that delights the eye and tickles the neurons .
It really does hint at the possibilities promised by Apple for iPad : a device that makes it possible to merge book , game , entertainment , reference app , internet search , and who knows what else in a new and pleasingly hands - on way .
After the jump , many more screengrabs , and a video of the device playing Tom Lehrer 's Elements Song , an awesome little geek easter egg accessible from within the Elements for iPad .
Video links ( Boing Boing Video / YouTube ) :
The Elements for iPad : The Elements Song
i Pad : The Elements , a first look from Boing Boing
The app will sell for $ 13.99 , and was developed for Touchpress by John Cromie of Skylark Associates in Ireland , with some coding also by Gray .
Nick Mann , who took most of the rotation photographs , using Canon cameras and lenses ( Gray says they shot so many stills in the course of developing the project 's image base , more than a quarter million , they wore out several sets of shutters ) .
The basic idea is this : view the entire periodic table on launch .
Select an element , see some data , and a " movie " of a representation of that element .
Advance to a second page , and see touch - spinnable icons of more real - world representations of that element .
Select one of those , and you get a detail view which can also be presented in 3D , viewable with glasses sold separately ( at $ 4.95 ) .
Each element 's detail view allows you to connect to Wolfram Alpha for live data : for instance , look up the current price of gold , or scan the thermodynamic properties of antimony .
The connection speed on that feature feels a little pokey in this early edition .
The app was developed in great haste , without much lead time provided by Apple .
Given the speed involved in development , the end result really is impressive : stable , fast , and a joy to meander around in .
Gray imagines other forms of interaction with elements for future editions , but there 's plenty to work with even in version 1.0.1 .
All Things Pythonic
Too Much Fun with Python on Nokia Phone
by Guido van van Rossum
February 14 , 2006
Summary
Nokia gave me a phone to run Python .
I wish I could blog all night about it !
The phone is great , but the really cool part is how much effort Nokia has put in opening up the functionality to Python programmers !
A tip of the iceberg .
Advertisement
Full disclaimer : Every once in a while I get a boondoggle out of being Python 's BDFL .
The most recent is a model 6630 phone that Nokia gave me as an early Valentine .
So my review cannot be considered objective -- be warned !
I do n't quite know where to start .
The phone itself , even without Python , is incredibly cool ; I spent much of the weekend using it as a camera , and it worked remarkably well considering that it does n't have an optical zoom or a flash , and is " only " 1.3 megapixels .
The phone came with a cable to connect it to USB port , and a CD full of software - Windows only .
I guess this means I can sync it to Outlook or so .
But I do n't use that any more .
On my Mac , plugging in the USB cable does n't seem to do anything , and there 's no Mac software on the CD , but guess what : iSync supports this phone over Bluetooth ( with the right icon and all ! ) .
And they do n't even sell this model in the US .
Great job , Apple !
Next , Python .
I still have n't written any significant Python code for the phone , but I 've explored Nokia 's examples a bit and walked through most of the MobiLenin.com tutorial ( see previous blog ) .
When writing Python code for a phone , of course the first obstacle is , how to write code ?
You do n't really want to edit your code on the phone 's numeric keyboard !
Fortunately there 's a way to connect a PC or Mac to the phone over Bluetooth , and the Python application on the phone supports interactive sessions this way ( as well as an interactive session on the phone 's own screen -- with 11 lines of about 20 characters each not very attractive beyond " print 2 * 2 " , but essential for mini - demos in Google 's hallways ) .
Thanks to Eric Smartt 's blog for giving me the hint I needed to get this working on the Mac .
So on to the vast array of APIs available .
Nokia has really done an outstanding job here .
There are extension modules that handle all of the phone 's devices : dial a call , snap a picture , send / receive SMS , Bluetooth , and Internet ( if your service provider offers it of course ) ; as well as the key applications ( calendar and address book , and probably more that I have n't even discovered ) .
You can also play sounds , view images , draw into a canvas , or open any file that the phone understands natively .
And of course the GUI library -- menus , dialogs , a low - level event loop , etc .
Stuff for which standard Python libraries exist generally uses those -- the filesystem ( ROM , RAM , memory card , flash ) of course , but also the Internet -- urllib " Just Works " ( TM ) , and you can even write a server if you want to ( your service provider will probably love it : I signed up with Cingular which charges a penny per kilobyte -- what a rip - off ) .
Anyway , gotta run ( sleep , more like it :-) .
I just had to put this out .
Oh , there are lots of resource pointers on the MobiLenin.com intro and resources pages .
Thanks Jürgen Scheible !!!
Talk Back !
Have an opinion ?
Readers have already posted 10 comments about this weblog entry .
Why not add yours ?
RSS Feed
If you 'd like to be notified whenever Guido van van Rossum adds a new entry to his weblog , subscribe to his RSS feed .
About the Blogger
Guido van Rossum is the creator of Python , one of the major programming languages on and off the web .
The Python community refers to him as the BDFL ( Benevolent Dictator For Life ) , a title straight from a Monty Python skit .
He moved from the Netherlands to the USA in 1995 , where he met his wife .
Until July 2003 they lived in the northern Virginia suburbs of Washington , DC with their son Orlijn , who was born in 2001 .
They then moved to Silicon Valley where Guido now works for Google ( spending 50 % of his time on Python ! ) .
This weblog entry is Copyright © 2006 Guido van van Rossum .
All rights reserved .
