This week Essential Mix presents us a deep house mix from Jamie Jones .
Chill way to wake up to on a Saturday morning .
Hotfile download up for now .
Check out other Essential mixes in my archive and subscribe to the feed to get good music in the future .
BBC Radio 1 Essential Mix 2009 10 03 Jamie Jones [ Uploaded.net download ]
Tracklist :
Not available right now .
Help keeping the site running - Support Core News :)
Excerpted from the book XXX : A Woman 's Right to Pornography
If you wish to converse with me , define your terms .
- Voltaire
There is no way to approach pornography without first struggling with the most fundamental question that anyone can ask :
What is it ?
For decades , the most common nondefinition of pornography was the one used by Supreme Court Justice Potter Stewart in his concurring opinion on Jacobellis v. Ohio , " I shall not today attempt further to define [ hard - core pornography ] ... ; and perhaps I could never succeed in intelligibly doing so .
But I know it when I see it . . . "
Why is it so important to define pornography ?
If people were not trying to pass laws against pornography , a definition might not be so crucial .
But when courts become involved , definitions become essential .
Whoever controls the definition of pornography will determine which words and images the law will suppress .
They will decide the framework of future debate over pornography .
Definitions directly influence how people think about an issue and the attitude with which they approach it .
There is no mystery as to why anti-pornography feminists have spent so much time and energy in trying to define their terms .
It is a quick and effective way to control the debate .
The purpose of definitions is to sketch the legitimate boundaries within which a word can be used .
The beauty of definitions lies in their ability to let people know what they are talking about .
Their magic is the clarity of thought that can result from drawing distinctions .
Definitions are like the focus on a camera lens , bringing the intellectual outlines of an issue into sharp relief .
ELIMINATING NONDEFINITIONS
One step toward defining anything is to determine what it is not .
A popular approach to the word pornography is an appeal to its ancient Greek roots .
This approach should be discarded .
The word pornography originally meant " writing about harlots or prostitutes . "
But its meaning has evolved over centuries of use through dozens of different cultures .
Like the Greek word gymnasium , which originally meant , " place of nakedness , " the word pornography has lost its connection with the past .
Nevertheless , Andrea Dworkin , in Pornography : Men Possessing Women , takes this " historical " approach :
" Contemporary pornography strictly and literally conforms to the word 's root meaning : the graphic depiction of vile whores , or in our language , sluts ....
The word has not changed its meaning and the genre is not misnamed ... the graphic depiction of the lowest whores . "
Even granting that it is possible to understand the contemporary use of a word by referring to ancient Greece , this definition is a vacuum waiting to be filled .
For example , in today 's social context , what is a " slut " - especially to a woman , such as Dworkin , who openly denounces monogamous heterosexuality ?
D. H. Lawrence - the brilliant novelist who was destroyed by censorship - claimed that a purely semantic definition of pornography offered no useful information at all .
" The word itself , we are told , means `pertaining to the harlots '- the graph of the harlot .
But nowadays , what is a harlot ? ...
Why be so cut and dried ?
The law is a dreary thing , and its judgments have nothing to do with life .
The same with the word obscene : nobody knows what it means .
Suppose it was derived from obscena : that which might not be represented on the stage ; how much further are you ? "
Dworkin 's definition may not transmit useful information , but it does clearly show her hatred of pornography .
By calling pornography " the graphic description of the lowest whores " - when the adjective " lowest " is not in the Greek translation , Dworkin tells us more about herself than about the word pornography .
Moreover , the spectacle of radical feminists leaning upon the support of etymological authority is a strange sight indeed .
After all , they adamantly reject the science and history of Western civilization as manifestations of white male culture .
They reject the chronicles of history , because they are not herstory .
They rail against the hard sciences , because they spring from white male methodology .
The white male study of etymology , however , is legitimate - at least , when it suits their purposes .
Enlightenment is not likely to come from anti-pornography feminists , who view the world through the lens of ideology .
Their rhetoric is the linguistic equivalent of thermonuclear war .
Pornography is called " genocide " ; Susan Brownmiller describes it as " the undiluted essence of anti-female propaganda " ; Judith Bat - Ada compares Hugh Hefner to Hitler ; Andrea Dworkin 's book on pornography begins by claiming " Men love death ... men especially love murder . "
Such descriptions are normative , or biased .
They embody the viewers ' reactions , and their desire to condemn pornography .
It is important to understand why anti-pornography feminists spend so much time and energy trying to define pornography .
Definitions not only control the debate , they can control what sexuality itself becomes .
Radical feminists view sex as a social construct .
That is , they do not believe the current expressions of sexuality are inherent in human biology ; instead , they are products of culture .
If women 's sexuality is a blank sheet of paper , then defining it becomes tremendously important .
Whoever controls the definition will determine the content .
The struggle to define pornography is part of radical feminism 's attempt to control sexuality itself .
The stakes are high .
High enough for freedom of speech to be jettisoned .
Indeed , in her recent book Only Words , Catharine MacKinnon argues that pornography has no connection with free speech whatsoever ; it is an act of sexual subordination , of sexual terrorism .
" Empirically , of all two dimensional forms of sex , it is only pornography , not its ideas as such , that gives men erections that support aggression against women in particular . "
Over the last decade or so , the feminist position on pornography has shifted toward this definition .
Pornography is no longer viewed as merely offensive ; it is redefined as an act of violence , in and of itself .
It is the sexual subordination of women , by which their victimization is eroticized and perpetuated .
It is the main way patriarchy subordinates women .
Other feminists have pointed out that rape existed long before Playboy appeared in the racks of corner stores .
Such voices of reason are lost in the wind of hysteria .
Anti-pornography feminists acknowledge them only to launch an ad bominem attack .
For better or worse , it is necessary to treat anti-pornography feminists with more respect than they are willing to give back .
It is important to consider the substance of their definitions .
The anti-pornography definitions abound with emotionally charged and highly subjective terms like " humiliation " or " subordination . "
And they are commonly offered as the crowning statement of horrifying stories of sexual abuse .
Consider the opening of Only Words : " You grow up with your father holding you down and covering your mouth so another man can make a horrible searing pain between your legs .
When you are older , your husband ties you to the bed and drips hot wax on your nipples ... and makes you smile through it . "
Ms. MacKinnon springboards from this scenario into a discussion and definition of porn .
In January / February 1994 , Ms. magazine featured the issue of pornography .
In an open discussion between a group of feminists , the following definitions were offered :
" Pornography is the use of sex to intimidate and / or control women and children ....
It has to do with depicting something that is violent and possibly life threatening for entertainment . "
- Ntozake Shange
" I look at pornography as a system and practice of prostitution , as evidence of women 's second class status .
It is a central feature of patriarchal society . "
- Norma Ramos
" Pornography is the graphic , sexually explicit subordination of women that includes one of a series of scenarios , from women being dehumanized - turned into objects and commodities - through women showing pleasure in being raped , through the dismemberment in a way that makes the dismemberment sexual . "
- Andrea Dworkin
Radical feminism 's current definition of pornography is the logical outgrowth of its view of heterosexual sex , which was well expressed over a decade ago by Andrea Dworkin .
Throughout her still - classic book Pornography : Men Possessing Women , Dworkin 's diatribe on men and heterosexuality borders on hate mongering .
" Men develop a strong loyalty to violence .
Men must come to terms with violence because it is the prime component of male identity . " ( p. 51 ) " The immutable self of the male boils down to an utterly unselfconscious parasitism . " ( p. 13 ) " Men are distinguished from women by their commitment to do violence rather than to be victimized by it . " ( p. 53 ) " Men want women to be objects , controllable as objects are controllable . " ( p. 65 ) [ 7 ]
Dworkin's 1988 book , Letters from a War Zone , continues this theme by presenting marriage as prostitution and romance as rape .
The bridge linking these two positions - the rejection of heterosexuality and the definition of pornography as violence was forged in 1983 with the proposed Minneapolis Anti-Pornography Ordinance .
This remains the touchstone definition used by the anti-porn forces .
Because it was a watershed , I quote it in full :
( gg ) Pornography .
Pornography is a form of discrimination on the basis of sex .
Pornography is the sexually explicit subordination of women , graphically depicted , whether in pictures or in words , that also includes one or more of the following :
( i ) women are presented as dehumanized sexual objects , things or commodities ; or
( ii ) women are presented as sexual objects who enjoy pain or humiliation ; or
( iii ) women are presented as sexual objects who experience sexual pleasure in being raped ; or
( iv ) women are presented as sexual objects tied up or cut up or mutilated or bruised or physically hurt ; or ( v ) women are presented in postures of sexual submission ; [ or sexual servility , including by inviting penetration ] or
( vi ) women 's body parts - including but not limited to vaginas , breasts , and buttocks - are exhibited , such that women are reduced to those parts ; or
( vii ) women are presented as whores by nature ; or ( viii ) women are presented being penetrated by objects or animals ; or
( ix ) women are presented in scenarios of degradation , injury , abasement , torture , shown as filthy or inferior , bleeding , bruised , or hurt in a context that makes these conditions sexual .
Several aspects of this definition cannot pass without comment .
First , the set - up to this analysis of pornography baldly and stipulatively defines it as " discrimination based on sex " and the " sexually explicit subordination of women . "
This is not a definition ; it is a conclusion , and one that is offered without argument or evidence .
Next , the specific images that constitute pornography are described in extremely subjective and value - laden terms , such as " dehumanized , " " humiliation , " " degradation , " and " whores by nature . "
What do these terms mean ?
Humiliation means something different to every single woman .
And short of a woman 's waving a handful of cash while having sex it is difficult to even imagine what the phrase " whore by nature " means .
Moreover , some of the images covered by the definition go far beyond what can reasonably be considered pornographic .
For example , " women 's body parts . . . are exhibited such that women are reduced to those parts . "
This description would include everything from blue jean commercials which zoom in on women 's asses to cream ads which show perfectly manicured hands applying the lotion - the sort of advertisements that have appeared in Ms. magazine .
Although it is commonplace to criticize such ads for using sex to sell products , it is a real stretch to call them pornographic .
Further , although pornography is predefined as a form of violence against women , several clauses of this definition have nothing to do with such abuse .
Instead , they deal with explicit sexual content - e.g. women as sex objects who " invite penetration . "
This is more of an attack on heterosexual sex than it is on pornography .
After all , if there is n't an " invitation to penetration , " how can the man know that consent is present ?
Other clauses merely refer to images that reflect specific erotic preferences , such as buttocks or breasts .
The ordinance 's definition goes far beyond defining pornography , and well into mandating what is sexually correct to see , hear , and express .
PORNOGRAPHY VERSUS EROTICA
Words define the parameters of debate .
They control thought itself .
George Orwell described this process as NewSpeak in his book 1984 , which described a totalitarian societal nightmare .
The ultimate goal of NewSpeak was to construct a language such that it was impossible to utter an " incorrect " sentence .
Part of the anti-porn attempt to control the debate has been the forced distinction they 've drawn between pornography and erotica .
Basically , pornography is nasty ; erotica is healthy .
What exactly constitutes erotica is never clearly expressed .
It is merely described as life affirming , while pornography is decried as degrading .
In the book Confronting Pornography , Jill Ridington offers her dividing line between the two types of sexual expression :
" If the message is one that equates sex with domination , or with the infliction of pain , or one that denies sex as a means of human communication , the message is a pornographic one ....
Erotica , in contrast , portrays mutual interaction . "
Is there a real distinction between pornography and erotica ?
And why does it matter ?
Let me draw a parallel .
A friend and I have a pleasant disagreement about whether there is a distinction between science fiction and fantasy .
These two types of writing are often lumped together , with many books combining elements of both .
Although the debate may be fruitless , it is good - natured and of no great consequence .
Not so with the current mania for distinguishing between erotica and pornography .
The debate over where to draw the line between these two forms of literature is anything but good - natured .
When that line is drawn , those who fall on the wrong side of it may well be arrested and imprisoned by those who control the definitions .
The entire process resembles a scene from Lewis Carroll 's Alice in Wonderland :
" When I use a word , " Humpty Dumpty said , in a rather scornful tone , " it means just what I choose it to mean - neither more nor less . "
" The question is , " said Alice , " whether you can make words mean so many different things . "
" The question is , " said Humpty Dumpty , " which is to be master - that 's all . "
Humpty Dumpty was engaging in what has been called " stipulative definitions " - namely , the sort of definition which makes the word mean anything you want it to .
For example , arbitrarily redefining pornography from common usage - " sex books and sex movies " - to the sexually correct meaning of " an act of rape . "
Fortunately , some feminists , like Joanna Russ in Magic Mommas , Trembling Sisters , Puritans and Perverts , are applying common sense rather than ideology to this distinction :
" Until recently I assumed ... that `art ' is better than ' Pornography ' just as `erotica ' is one thing and `pornography ' another ; and just as `erotica ' surpasses `pornography , ' so `art ' surpasses `erotica . '
I think we ought to be very suspicious of these distinctions insofar as they are put forward as moral distinctions . "
With such a Wonderland of definitions floating about , it is prudent to take a step backward and ask , What constitutes a proper definition of anything ?
DEFINING A DEFINITION
At the risk of sounding like an instructor of Logic 101 , let me run the word pornography through a definitional process .
A good definition consists of two basic components :
The definiendum .
This is the word or concept being defined .
In the tentative definition " pornography is sexually explicit literature , " the term pornography is the definiendum ;
The definiens .
This is the defining part of the definition .
In " pornography is sexually explicit literature , " the phrase " sexually explicit literature " is the definiens .
The process of defining a word involves analyzing it in several ways :
What is the genus ?
That is , what is the general class or category to which the word belongs ?
In " pornography is sexually explicit literature , " the term literature is the genus .
It is the wider category to which pornography belongs .
Once the broad context for pornography has been established , the process of definition becomes a matter of narrowing things down .
The next question becomes :
What is the differentia ?
That is , what distinguishes pornography from all other forms of literature ?
What essential characteristics make pornography different from murder mysteries or historical novels ?
Establishing the differentia means following certain rules , the most basic of which are :
1 . The essential characteristics - or the common denominator found in all instances of the definiendum - cannot be too broad .
Consider the definition " human beings are animals that walk on two legs . "
Since gorillas also walk on two legs , this differentia is too broad .
2 . The essential characteristics should not be too narrow .
Thus , " human beings are animals that negotiate contracts " is too narrow because it excludes those people who have never signed a contract .
To state these two principles in one sentence :
The definition should apply to all possible cases , and only to those cases .
By these standards , definitions can be regarded as either true or false .
Competing definitions can be evaluated as better or worse .
WHAT IS PORNOGRAPHY ?
I propose a value - neutral definition : Pornography is the explicit artistic depiction of men and / or women as sexual beings .
The modifier explicit excludes such gray areas as women 's romance novels .
The modifier artistic distinguishes pornography from psychological analyses of sex , such as those found in Freudian textbooks .
The term depiction includes a wide range of expression , including paintings , literature , and videos .
Thus , the genus of my definition of pornography is " the explicit artistic depiction .
The differentia is " of men and / or women as sexual beings . "
This means that pornography is the genre of art or literature that focuses on the sexual nature of human beings .
This does not mean pornography cannot present people as full well rounded human beings .
But , in order for the piece of art to be part of the " genre " of pornography , it must explicitly emphasize their sexuality .
Two things are missing from my definition of pornography , which are generally found elsewhere .
It is common to refer to pornography as " material intended to sexually arouse " ; I have excluded the intention of the author or producer .
I have also excluded the reaction of the reader or viewer .
In other words , I claim that The Tropic of Cancer is inherently pornographic , quite apart from Henry Miller 's intentions .
To put this in another way :
What if Miller protested that he was doing a political commentary on fascism , not a piece of pornography ?
Would his intention somehow convert the book into a work of political science ?
By my definition , no .
The Tropic of Cancer would be a work of pornography whether or not Miller had hoped to achieve something else .
Equally , what if a reader became tremendously aroused by Animal Farm and not at all by Miller 's book ?
The reader 's response would not alter the fact that Miller , not Orwell , is the one presenting pornography .
" Pornography is the explicit artistic depiction of men and / or women as sexual beings . "
This is not merely a working definition .
It is a definition I propose as a new and neutral starting point for a more fruitful discussion of pornography .
IS PORNOGRAPHY GOOD OR BAD ?
With a working definition in place , it is possible to move on to the next question , Is pornography good or bad ?
This question is usually asked in one of two manners :
1 . Is the explicit depiction of sex , in general , a good or bad thing ?
Opinions on this range widely .
At one extreme are the Religious Right and the anti-porn feminists , who condemn any graphic expression of sexuality , including straightforward nudity .
At another extreme are those people who view any sexual censorship as being far worse than pornography could ever be .
Most people fall in the middle .
They tend to judge pornography on a case - by - case basis .
2 . Is a specific piece of pornography good or bad art ?
This is an aesthetic question .
It revolves around identifying the major themes being expressed and evaluating how well the themes have been executed .
Most pornography is bad art .
Indeed , pornography probably contains less artistic value than any other genre of literature and art .
The reason for this is simple .
Whenever a genre is stigmatized ( or criminalized ) , the best writers and minds tend to abandon it .
Those authors - such as D. H. Lawrence or James Branch Cabell or Henry Miller - who persist in bringing their genius to bear are persecuted without mercy .
No wonder the industry is dominated by those who rush to make a quick profit rather than a profound insight .
Nevertheless , I believe the quality of pornography is often maligned .
Pornography tends to be judged by the worst examples within the genre .
Anti-pornographers do not hold up copies of D. H. Lawrence 's Lady Chatterley 's Lover or Erica Jong 's Fear of Flying .
They choose the most repulsive examples they can find and call them " representative . "
What other genre could withstand being judged by its poorest instances ?
CONCLUSION
To repeat :
The definition used in this book is : Pornography is the explicit artistic depiction of men and / or women as sexual beings .
No area of human psychology needs exploration and understanding as much as sexuality does .
At the turn of the century , Freud revolutionized the world 's view of sex .
Suddenly , it became a popular topic .
It became almost a social duty to discuss and examine sex .
Now anti-pornography feminists are trying to turn back the clock and shut women 's sexuality away behind the locked doors of political correctness .
Their first line of attack is to define the debate in their own terms .
The first line of defense is to flatly reject such maneuvering .
A CNN Special Investigation drills down on the causes and the impact of the Fort Hood shootings , at 8 p.m. ET Saturday on CNN TV .
Fort Hood , Texas ( CNN ) --
The police officer who ended the Fort Hood massacre by shooting the suspect is known as the enforcer on her street , a " tough woman " who patrolled her neighborhood and once stopped burglars at her house .
" If you come in , I 'm going to shoot , " Kimberly Munley told the would - be intruders last year .
It was Munley who arrived quickly Thursday at the scene of the worst massacre at an Army base in U.S. history , where 13 people were killed .
She confronted the alleged gunman , Maj . Nidal Malik Hasan , and shot him four times .
Munley was wounded in the exchange .
That 's just like her , friends and family say .
" I just felt more protected knowing she was on my street , " neighbor Erin Houston said .
Munley , the mother of a 3 - year - old girl , lives on a street where a lot of homes are vacant because so many residents are deployed at war in Iraq and Afghanistan .
" We sleep a lot safer knowing she 's on the block , " said Sgt. William Barbrow , another neighbor .
When Bryan Munley heard that his sister - in - law thwarted the alleged gunman in a shootout , he was n't surprised .
" There 's nothing that stands in her way .
It completely makes sense that she did what she did , " he said from Downingtown , Pennsylvania .
" It was amazing .
Without her , there would have been a lot more people killed . "
He added , " She is definitely a tough woman . "
Munley , 34 , is being treated for her wounds .
Her father , former Carolina Beach , North Carolina , Mayor Dennis Barbour , said his daughter is doing well .
" Her efforts were superb , " said Col. Steven Braverman , the base hospital commander .
Lt. Gen. Bob Cone , Fort Hood 's commanding general , described Munley as a " trained , active first responder " who acted quickly after she " just happened to encounter the gunman . "
" Really a pretty amazing and aggressive performance by this police officer , " he said .
Cone said Munley and her partner responded " very quickly " to the scene -- reportedly in about three minutes .
On social networking sites , she was lauded for her actions .
One Facebook fan page was called " Sgt. Kimberly Munley : A Real American Hero " and had more than 1,400 members .
Twitter list : Keep up with who we 're following
" My prayers for a fast recovery as well as my sincere thanks of an outstanding job , " one person wrote .
One woman added , " U got some brass balls , girl ... u r my hero !!!! "
Authorities say Hasan , an Army psychiatrist , opened fire at a military processing center at Fort Hood on Thursday , killing 13 and wounding 30 others .
Cone was asked on CNN's " American Morning " whether Munley 's shots brought down the assailant and stopped him from shooting .
" That 's correct , " Cone said .
" The critical factor here was her quick response to the situation . "
Bryan Munley said Munley is married to his brother , Staff Sgt. Matthew Munley .
He said Matthew was in Downingtown , outside Philadelphia , visiting his family when the shootings happened .
The couple , married since 2006 , have a 3 - year - old daughter named Jayden .
Bryan Munley said Matthew had recently been transferred to Fort Bragg in North Carolina and has done two tours in Iraq .
Kimberly was trying to find a job in North Carolina and was hoping to move there soon , Matthew said .
Matthew was at Fort Bragg on Friday , trying to get a flight to Texas to see his wife .
A page on Twitter lists the name " Kim Munley " of Killeen , Texas , near Ford Hood .
It has a photo of a female police officer with the name " Kim Munley " on her uniform .
Its bio blurb has particular resonance in the aftermath of the incident .
" I live a good life .... a hard one , but I go to sleep peacefully @ night knowing that I may have made a difference in someone 's life . "
The blogosphere is abuzz over an apparently leaked document showing the United States trying to push its controversial DMCA - style notice - and - takedown process on the world .
But since Threat Level already lives in the land of the DMCA , or Digital Millennium Copyright Act , we 're more bothered by the fact that the U.S. proposal goes far beyond that 1998 law , and would require Congress to alter the DMCA in a manner even more hostile to consumers .
At issue is the internet section of the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement being developed under a cloak of secrecy by dozens of countries .
The leaked document is a three - page European Commission memo written by an unnamed EU official , which purports to summarizes a private briefing given in September by U.S. trade officials .
The language in the Sept. 30 memo shows the United States wants ISPs around the world to punish suspected , repeat downloaders with a system of " graduated response " – code for a three - strikes policy that results in the customer eventually being disconnected from the internet with the ISP alone deciding what constitutes infringement and fair use .
While the proposal specifically says that three strikes would n't be mandated , it might as well be .
That 's because companies that refused to implement the policy would be ejected from the immunity or " safe harbor " that otherwise protects them from copyright infringement lawsuits over the actions of their customers .
Currently , the DMCA grants safe harbor status to internet companies that promptly remove allegedly infringing content at the request of the copyright holder .
Only if they fail to do so can they be held liable in court , and face up to $ 150,000 in damages per infringement .
Under the U.S. proposal described in the memo , removing infringing content would no longer be enough to qualify for safe harbor .
Companies would have to actively work to combat the flow of unauthorized copyrighted material through their pipes , and specifically implement the " graduated response " program .
Here is the key paragraph :
" On the limitations from 3rd party liability : to benefit from safe - harbours , ISPs need to put in place policies to deter unauthorized storage and transmission of IP infringing content ( ex : clauses in customers ' contracts allowing , inter alia , a graduated response ) .
From what we understood , the US will not propose that authorities need to create such systems .
Instead , they require some self - regulation by ISPs . "
Threat Level obtained the document on condition it not be posted , and we have n't independently verified its authenticity , or that it accurately reflects the positions of the U.S. trade representatives .
The document indicates the U.S. refused to turn over anything in writing itself , and briefed E.U. representatives on the plan orally in the hope of avoiding leaks .
The Obama administration has been obsessively secretive about the draft ACTA treaty — even , at one point , claiming national security could be jeopardized if the proposed treaty 's working documents were disclosed to the public .
Now , it seems , we know what the administration is hiding .
Obama has n't asked Congress to implement a three - strike policy , which could anger consumers and watchdog groups .
But if the administration gets three strikes written into ACTA , and the United States signs and ratifies the treaty , Congress would be obliged to change the DMCA to comply with it , while the administration throws its hands in the air and says , " It was n't our idea !
It 's that damn treaty ! "
That practice is common enough to have a name : policy laundering .
Language in the leaked text throws open the door to ISP filtering for unauthorized content , though there 's no way for filters to know whether the material constitutes fair use .
That plan is similar to a proposal by the Motion Picture Association of America , which wants ISPs to filter for unauthorized motion pictures .
The three - strikes language would be gold to companies like MediaSentry , which browse peer - to - peer networks for infringing content , and identify a user 's IP address and ISP .
MediaSentry 's work was crucial in the RIAA 's 6 - year - long litigation campaign that amounted to about 30,000 copyright lawsuits against individual file sharers using Kazaa , Limewire and other services .
Until today , the most alarming thing in the proposed ACTA treaty has been the secrecy surrounding it .
But now the threat level is higher .
It seems the executive branch would rather negotiate with other nations , instead of its own elected officials , about the future of a free and open internet .
See Also :
The mishandling of Social Security funds has been going on since the mid-1980s .
As soon as the surpluses , resulting from the 1983 payroll tax hike , first began to flow into the Treasury , politicians from both political parties began using the money like a giant slush fund .
At that time , it would be at least 30 years before the funds would actually be needed for Social Security , so politicians developed the bad habit of “ temporarily borrowing ” the money and using it for non-Social Security purposes .
That bad habit never was broken , and every dollar of the $ 2.5 trillion in surplus Social Security revenue , generated by the tax hike , has been spent , leaving no real assets in the trust fund .
Some members of Congress were outraged by the practice and tried to nip this misuse of Social Security revenue in the bud .
On October 13 , 1989 , Senator Ernest Hollings of SC expressed his outrage during a speech on the Senate floor .
Excerpts from that speech , taken from the Congressional Record , follow .
“ … the most reprehensible fraud in this great jambalaya of frauds is the systematic and total ransacking of the Social Security trust fund …
The public fully supported enactment of hefty new Social Security taxes in 1983 to ensure the retirement program ’s long - term solvency and credibility .
The promise was that today ’s huge surpluses would be set safely aside in a trust fund to provide for baby - boomer retirees in the next century .
Well , look again .
The Treasury is siphoning off every dollar of the Social Security surplus to meet current operating expenses of the government …
The hard fact is that in the next century … the American people will wake up to the reality that those IOUs in the trust fund vault are a 21st century version of Confederate banknotes . ”
A year later , on October 9 , 1990 , Senator Harry Reid of NV expressed similar outrage .
Excerpts from his Senate speech , taken from the Congressional Record , include , “ … Are we as a country violating a trust by spending Social Security trust fund moneys for some purpose other than for which they were intended .
The obvious answer is yes …During the period of growth we have had during the past 10 years , the growth has been from two sources .
One , a large credit card with no limits on it , and , two , we have been stealing money from the Social Security recipients of this country . ”
Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan of NY even introduced legislation in early 1990 to repeal the 1983 payroll tax increase .
In an effort to keep politicians from spending the Social Security surplus money on other things , Moynihan wanted to eliminate the surplus revenue and return Social Security to a “ pay - as - you - go ” system .
President George H.W. Bush was furious about Moynihan ’s proposed legislation .
Bush said , “ It is an effort to get me to raise taxes on the American people by the charade of cutting them , or cut benefits .
And I am not going to do it to the older people of this country . ”
Bush , the “ read - my - lips - no - new - taxes ” president , did not need to raise taxes as long as he had access to the surplus Social Security revenue .
During his four years in office , $ 211.7 billion in Social Security surplus revenue flowed into the U.S. Treasury .
Every penny of it was spent for general government expenditures , and none of it was saved and invested for the payment of future Social Security benefits , as is commonly believed .
This practice has continued until this day .
The plan was that when benefit costs start to exceed payroll tax revenue , in about seven years , the Social Security trustees would begin dipping into the huge reserve that was supposed to be built up in the trust fund to make up the revenue shortfall in order to continue to pay full benefits .
Unfortunately , there are no assets in the trust fund that can be dipped into .
The act of hearing is a group effort for the human body 's organs , involving the ears , the eyes and also , according to the results of a new study , the skin .
In 1976 scientists discovered the importance of the eyes to our sense of hearing by demonstrating that the eyes could fool the ears in a peculiar phenomenon named the McGurk effect .
When participants watched a video in which a person was saying " ga " but the audio was playing " ba , " people thought they heard a completely different sound — " da . "
Now , by mixing audio with the tactile sense of airflow , researchers have found that our perception of certain sounds relies , in part , on being able to feel these sounds .
The study was published November 26 in Nature .
Normally when we say words with the letters " p , " " t " and " k , " we produce a puff of air .
This puff helps the listener distinguish words with these letters from those with the similar sounding " b , " " d " and " g , " respectively , even though the puff is so subtle that most of us do not even notice feeling it .
" Unless you 're a microphone manufacturer or a radio jockey or a phonetician , this is n't something that you 're aware of , " says Bryan Gick , an associate professor of linguistics at the University of British Columbia in Vancouver , and lead author of the study .
Donald Derrick , a graduate student in the University 's Department of Linguistics , is the other author on the study .
Gick and Derrick set out to determine if these puffs of air help us to perceive " p " and " t " sounds .
The pair had 66 participants listen to sessions of recorded sounds through headphones .
In one session , the participants heard a combination of " pa " and " ba , " and , in the other , " ta " and " da . "
The researchers also sent light bursts of air from thin tubes placed over participants ' skin , over either their hand , neck or in their ear .
The participants were blindfolded so they did not know where the tube was placed .
In some cases , puffs were released with the appropriate sounds , " pa " and " ta , " and in other cases , they coincided inappropriately with " ba " and " da . "
As Gick notes , the puffs were about half as forceful as what we would feel in a normal conversation , and most participants were not even aware of them over the course of the experiment .
The researchers found that if there was no air puff , participants misheard " pa " for " ba " and " ta " for " da " 30 to 40 percent of the time .
The accuracy improved 10 to 20 percent when an air puff over the hand or neck accompanied " pa " and " ta . "
No improvement occurred , however , if an air puff was sent through the tube in the ear , suggesting that the participants were not simply hearing the airflow .
The opposite effect was observed when the participants received an air puff with the inappropriate sounds — " ba " and " da . "
While subjects correctly identified these sounds in about 80 percent of cases when played without the release of air , the accuracy decreased by about 10 percent if the sounds were accompanied by puffs of air .
" Largely , in English , the difference between ' pa ' and ' ba ' is this puff of air , " Gick says .
The ability of the skin to contribute to hearing could be due to the fact that the largest organ in the body is covered in mechanoreceptors .
Gick says that he has even found that air puffs sent to the ankle can help the listener comprehend those " p , " " t " and " k " sounds .
These receptors in skin cells , which are similar to the ones in the ears , respond to the pressure created by airflow .
In the real world , the cues available to a listener vary .
Standing a foot or closer to someone speaking normally should produce tactile puffs , Gick says .
However , if the conversation were taking place on a windy street , this sensory input would be destroyed .
Although people can hear sounds in the absence of airflow , these sensory cues could make it easier to distinguish between two words , such as " tall " and " doll , " especially if there is a lot of ambient noise .
The feel of sounds could be exploited in devices for groups such as the hearing impaired .
Gick is in the early stages of exploring how to incorporate into hearing aids airflow - detecting sensors that would produce a synthetic puff to the side of the neck .
Because the skin mechanoreceptors among the hearing impaired typically function normally , Gick says , this additional tactile stimulus could help the person wearing the device perceive sounds .
A similar concept could aid pilots in their noisy work environments .
By Victoria Gill
Science reporter , BBC News
Sub -populations of the mockingbirds remain on two small islands A rare mockingbird could be reintroduced to the Galapagos Islands - with the help of some specimens collected by Charles Darwin .
A team of geneticists extracted DNA from two birds that the famous naturalist collected in 1835 .
By comparing this to DNA from living sub-populations on two other islands , the scientists revealed genetic clues about how best to conserve the birds .
They report their findings in the Royal Society journal Biology Letters .
The researchers used two specimens that Darwin and Robert Fitzroy - the captain of HMS Beagle - collected from Floreana Island during their trip to the Galapagos more than 170 years ago .
The Floreana mockingbird ( Mimus trifasciatus ) became extinct on the island soon after this famous expedition , mainly because of the human impact on its delicate habitat .
Today only two small sub-populations survive on two tiny satellite islets - Champion and Gardner - by - Floreana .
Survival of species
The study was led by biologist Paquita Hoeck from the University of Zurich in Switzerland .
Karen James , a Natural History Museum of London researcher who was also involved in the work , said the Floreana mockingbird was one of the rarest birds in the world .
" It was also important for Darwin 's realisation that organisms might evolve independently on islands , " she told BBC News .
Darwin knew about evolution , but nothing about DNA The Charles Darwin Foundation , which carries out conservation research in the Galapagos , is collaborating with Durrell Wildlife Conservation Trust , to reintroduce the birds to Floreana .
But for this reintroduction to be effective , Dr James said , a population would have to be restored that was " as close as possible to what existed before " .
To find out what this population would look like , the scientists needed to study the Floreana birds .
" There are very few of these specimens , " Dr James explained .
" But the Natural History Museum has two of them and they just so happened to have been collected by Darwin and Fitzroy . "
Dr James and her colleagues were given the opportunity to take tiny samples from the toe pads of each historic specimen , from which to extract DNA .
The team found " genetic signals " in each of the two surviving species that were also present in Darwin 's samples .
This revealed that the two sub-populations split from each other very recently .
This split , the researchers said , was likely caused by the Floreana mockingbird becoming extinct .
Its extinction would have severed a " bridge " between the two populations - meaning that it was no longer possible for them to interbreed .
Even though they have evolved independently and become inbred , this study showed that the tiny sub-populations have retained much of the important " genetic variation " once found in the mockingbirds on Floreana .
This is good news for the survival of the species .
It has led the researchers to conclude that future conservation plans should focus on protecting " the two satellite populations in situ and establishing a single third population on Floreana " .
This reintroduction could use birds from both islands , the researchers said , " to maximize genetic diversity " .
Dr James said the project highlighted the importance of historic specimens .
" Though Darwin knew nothing of DNA , the specimens he and Fitzroy collected have , after 170 years of safe - keeping in collections , yielded genetic clues to suggest a path for conservation of this critically endangered and historically important species , " she said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
* Turkey - Armenia ties traumatised by WWI killings
* Breakthrough to boost stability in oil - rich Caucasus
ANKARA , Oct 10 ( Reuters ) - Turkey and Armenia sign a peace accord on Saturday to end a century of hostility stemming from the World War One mass killing of Armenians by Ottoman forces .
But the accord , to be signed by the foreign ministers of the two neighbours in Zurich , still has to be approved by the Turkish and Armenian parliaments in the face of opposition from nationalists on both sides and a powerful Armenian diaspora which insists
Turkey acknowledge the killings as genocide .
" This is a sign that Turkey is changing and is now dealing with things of its past and that it's a valuable partner for the West , " said Hugh Pope , senior analyst at the International Crisis Group and author of books on Turkey .
" Not having a relationship with Armenia hobbles Turkey 's role in the Caucasus , " said Pope , adding the thaw would also benefit Ankara 's troubled quest to join the European Union .
But a decades - old dispute between Turkey 's ally Azerbaijan and Armenia over the disputed enclave of Nagorno - Karabakh also hangs over a final settlement and talks between the leaders of the Azerbaijan and Armenia over the region ended without result on Friday [ ID:nL9673847 ] .
Turkey cut ties and shut its border with Armenia in 1993 in support of Azerbaijan which was then fighting a losing battle against Armenian separatists in Karabakh .
Ties between Muslim Turkey and Christian Armenia are strained by what Armenian and many Western historians say was the mass deportation and deliberate killing of up to 1.5 million Armenians by the Ottoman Empire during World War One .
Turkey says Armenians were among many thousands killed in the chaos as the Ottoman Empire fought off Russian , British , French and Greek armies and attempted to put down an Arab revolt before eventually imploding under the strain .
But Turkey denies the killings of Armenians amounted to genocide .
The genocide issue , until recently taboo in Turkey , has damaged ties between Ankara and its ally the United States , where Armenian - Americans have been pushing for years for a law to name the massacres a genocide .
Restoring Turkish - Armenian ties would increase Ankara 's clout in the South Caucasus region , a transit corridor for oil and gas to the West .
Landlocked Armenia also stands to make huge gains , opening its impoverished economy to trade and investment .
KARABAKH HANGS OVER THAW
Turkey and Armenia came under U.S. and European Union pressure to agree to sign the Swiss - mediated peace accord in a symbolic ceremony that will be attended by U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and other dignitaries .
Once the accord is signed by Turkey 's Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu and his Armenian counterpart Edward Nalbandian they must be approved by their countries ' parliaments .
But they could languish if either side delays the approval .
Armenians demand that Turkey acknowledge the 1915 killings as genocide , a defining element in Armenian national identity .
Many in the huge Armenian community living abroad are suspicious of the thaw and have held protests ahead of the signing .
Under the accords , Turkey and Armenia will set up an international commission of historians to study the events .
Also looming over restoration of ties is the festering Karabakh conflict .
Turkey , which has close cultural ties with Turkic - speaking Azerbaijan , has said that in order to move forward on Armenia , Armenia and Azerbaijan must make progress on the Karabakh .
Turkish Prime Minister Tayyip Erdogan told the Azeri parliament earlier this year that Turkey would not open its border with Armenia until Yerevan ended what he called its occupation of Azerbaijan .
He said on Friday that Turkey " would never take part in a process which puts Azerbaijan in a difficult situation " .
Violence erupted in Karabakh , an ethnic Armenian enclave within Azerbaijan 's internationally recognised borders , in the late 1980s as the Soviet Union headed towards its 1991 collapse .
Ethnic Armenian forces , backed by Armenia , drove out Azeri troops and took control of seven districts of Azerbaijan adjacent to Nagorno - Karabakh .
Some 30,000 people were killed .
( Writing by Ibon Villelabeitia ; Editing by Jon Hemming )
Tiny cameras attached to the backs of four Antarctic albatrosses have revealed a clever feeding strategy : Instead of randomly scanning the open ocean for prey , some birds appear to fly alongside killer whales and scavenge for scraps left by the mammalian predators .
Albatrosses often have to fly hundreds of miles in just a few days in order to find their prey , and scientists have long wondered how the birds navigate over a largely featureless ocean .
Previous studies suggested the birds might use a combination of scent and vision to guide them , but until now , no one had been able to directly record the behavior of the foraging seabirds .
To track the birds , scientists attached lipstick - sized digital cameras , equipped with depth and temperature sensors , to the backs of four albatrosses from Bird Island off the coast of South Georgia in the Antarctic Ocean .
After three foraging trips , the bird - borne cameras had captured more than 28,725 images .
Although many photos were too dark to be useful – and 6,600 were obscured by feathers fluttering in front of the camera lens – the remaining images yielded a startling result .
" One surprising finding was that one of the study birds encountered a killer whale , Ornicus orca , during the course of the trip , " wrote the researchers in a paper published this week in the journal PLoS ONE .
" This image showed that the killer whale broke the surface and that three other albatrosses were also apparently following the whale . "
Unfortunately , several subsequent images were blocked by feathers .
But based on a rapid temperature drop recorded by the camera , it appears the albatross landed on the sea surface after spotting the killer whale , and likely spent the next 30 minutes diving for prey alongside the whale .
The researchers say it 's difficult to quantify how often black - browed albatrosses associate with killer whales in the open ocean , but they say their findings suggest that shared meals may be quite common .
" When killer whales feed on fish , fragments of prey are often left near the sea surface , " the scientists wrote .
" These prey fragments could be an important food resource for albatrosses .
Scavenging on such prey fragments may be more energetically advantageous than the pursuit and capture of live prey , as such activities can require frequent take - off , landing and prey handling , which may all be energetically costly . "
Similar behavior has been recorded in tropical birds , who scavenge alongside tuna , but this is the first time the behavior has been seen among albatrosses in the deep ocean .
In the video below , albatrosses fly around Bird Island , groom one another and care for their fuzzy gray chicks .
Image 1 : Black - browed albatrosses fly over Bird Island , British Antarctic Survey .
Image 2 : Albatrosses interact with a killer whale on the open ocean .
Photo taken with the bird - borne camera , National Institute of Polar Research , Japan .
Video : British Antarctic Survey .
See Also :
Follow us on Twitter @wiredscience , and on Facebook .
Biometrics
Bio -what ?
You ’ve probably never had a handwriting expert evaluate your penmanship .
For us , that ’s a good thing .
But just in case , Autograph includes all the details that make a signature uniquely yours .
And that , gentle reader , is how you can tell the signature to the left is not in fact Mr. John Hancock of antiquity .
Well , at least , this timefans can't retaliate against Fox .
" Dollhouse " has been canceled .
Please do n't yell at me , members of the Whedon cult .
I am only the messenger .
Take heart in the fact that the network really did give the low - rated series , starring Eliza Dushku , a chance .
All 13 episodes will air , and the advance notice has given Whedon a chance to give the series a satisfying ending , according to a Fox spokesperson .
The remaining episodes will begin airing Dec. 4 .
And if that does n't make you feel any better , consider that now Whedon is free to direct even more episodes of " Glee " if he wants to .
And if you 're still not consoled , buy hundreds of thousands of DVDs .
It worked for " Firefly " and " Serenity . "
[ Updated 1:30 p.m. :
The remaining episodes of " Dollhouse " will air this way :
Two episodes will air each night on Dec. 4 , Dec. 11 and Dec. 18 from 8 p.m. to 10 p.m .
The last three episodes will air Jan. 8 , Jan. 15 and Jan. 22 at 9 p.m. ]
[ Updated 2:13 p.m. : Whedon has posted a statement on whedonesque.com , where he says , in part , " For now there 's a lot of work still to be done , and disappointment to bear . "
Read it in its entirety here . ]
-- Maria Elena Fernandez
Photo : Dushku in an episode of " Dollhouse . "
Credit : Fox
Related :
Joss Whedon speaks about his " Glee " directorial debut
Fox sticks with " Dollhouse "
The N.F.L. and its doctors have consistently dismissed independent studies showing unusual cognitive decline in former players .
They insist that a long - term study by the league ’s committee on concussions , expected to be published in several years , will be the authoritative analysis .
But that study is fraught with statistical , systemic and conflict - of - interest problems that make it inappropriate to examine the issue , according to many experts in epidemiology , dementia and health policy who assessed the study ’s design .
Another voice belonged to a member of the House Judiciary Committee , which will hold a hearing on football brain injuries Wednesday .
“ Hey , why do n’t we let tobacco companies determine whether smoking is bad for your health or not ? ” said Representative Linda T. Sanchez , Democrat of California and a member of the Judiciary Committee .
“ It ’s a very appropriate metaphor . ”
Every independent expert in epidemiology and neurology contacted by The New York Times cited at least one of the following issues : that the study ’s paucity of subjects will leave it unable to find any statistically significant difference in dementia rates ; that a study financed by the N.F.L. and run by its committee doctors cannot be considered trustworthy ; and that Dr. Ira Casson , the league ’s primary voice in discrediting all outside evidence , should not personally be conducting all of the neurological examinations .
SOUTHFIELD , Mich . |
Nearly a year after voters in this economically disadvantaged state overwhelmingly passed a ballot initiative approving the consumption of medicinal marijuana , a new trade school has opened its doors to educate aspiring growers .
Med Grow Cannabis College , located in the Detroit suburb of Southfield , is set to graduate its first class of students later this month .
Its co-founder and president , Nick Tennant , the 24 - year - old son of a General Motors Corp.
employee , said he sees a significant opportunity to teach standards and safety in an industry that can eventually improve the state ’s sagging business climate .
“ This is profitable and poised for tremendous growth , ” Mr. Tennant said .
Although some might jokingly call him the dope dean , Mr. Tennant is serious , even as his appearance is blond , hip and wholesome .
“ A lot of people think you can pick up a book , put some seeds in the soil , shine some lights and you ’ll have a crop , ” he said of the information needed to grow pot well .
“ But there are so many variables , and it ’s like a trade to grow it — with skills like a master plumber or electrician . ”
So far , there does n’t seem to be any opposition to this trade school .
In a spacious facility featuring a lab , a classroom and growing rooms , students take a six - week night course that covers botany , horticulture , business , law , history — even cooking with a trained chef who teaches how pot can be included with such dishes as sushi — all in an effort to cultivate quality medical - grade marijuana .
Roger McDaniel , a disabled carpenter and former semitrailer mechanic , and his wife , Valeri , from Taylor , Mich . , are taking the classes .
They said the education is far more in - depth than they ever imagined .
Mr. McDaniel , 53 , who was injured in a motorcycle accident , said marijuana has helped ease his symptoms in a more natural way than prescription medications .
He and his wife enjoy gardening and said the course work is an extension of their interests as well as a way to improve their quality of life .
“ Instead of living on all these pills , the Vicodins and Lortabs that tear up your insides , this gives you the pain relief and you are not damaging your body with all these chemicals , ” Mr. McDaniel said of his medical marijuana use .
Most surprising about the classes ?
“ The whole walk of folks we ’ve come across there , ” Mrs. McDaniel said .
“ It ’s just a real mesh of people - from young folks to people our age . ”
Perry Belcher , who lives near Flint , Mich. , teaches the History of Cannabis class at Med Grow and said he ’s interested in providing facts — not talking politics — even as the issue has divided the nation .
“ As a patient , I can testify to the results of this , ” he said .
“ I want to make sure that they get the best knowledge . ”
Mr. Belcher added that marijuana has been used medicinally since 6000 B.C. and by many cultures around the world .
But he said only in the 20th century did it become a prohibition issue and was demonized as harmful .
Now , he said , with more states enacting medical marijuana laws , the culture around its importance medically is changing .
“ The first part of my class is called the pros and cons , ” he said .
“ I let people make the decision on their own on whether they feel this is right or not . ”
Mr. Tennant , a native of Center Line , Mich. , came up with the idea for Med Grow in April with the intention to launch a school where aspiring growers could learn the right way to cultivate clean , high - quality pot .
By May , he and partner Nathan Johnston , who serves as the school ’s director of horticulture , had a business plan to go along with their entrepreneurial drive .
After advertising in area publications and through social networking sites , the first class of 30 students began on Sept. 14 in an office that was transformed into a classroom , where students could train on high - tech equipment .
Courses are held on weeknights from 6 to 10 p.m. , and the cost of the class is $ 475 .
Among the members of Med Grow ’s first class are two reverends , including one minister who works in an AIDS ministry and wanted to learn more about how marijuana can ease symptoms of that disease .
Mr. Tennant said interest is high as more patients and caregivers embrace the new Michigan law , which was passed 63 percent to 37 percent by statewide ballot initiative in November 2008 and is being watched by advocates in other Midwestern states .
It allows patients who have received a doctor ’s permission to legally possess 2.5 ounces of medical marijuana and to keep 12 marijuana plants for their personal use .
It also allows residents to apply to be caregivers who can grow and distribute marijuana for up to five people who have state permits to use it .
Through Oct. 1 , more than 6,500 Michigan residents have received state - issued permits to grow and use marijuana to help alleviate symptoms of certain medical problems , according to the Michigan Department of Community Health .
Spokesman James McCurtis Jr. said his agency is receiving 59 applications for permits per day and that number is rising .
Med Grow is not the nation ’s first marijuana growing school .
California ’s Oaksterdam University was founded in 2007 and has campuses in Oakland , Los Angeles and North Bay , where students are taught growing techniques as well as the business of the marijuana industry .
Greg Francisco , executive director of the Michigan Medical Marijuana Association , said that he , too , is involved with teaching courses as part of a traveling seminar series from the North American Cultivator College .
He travels across the state to teach seminars with a credentialed faculty much the same as those at Med Grow .
“ Teaching is really important , ” Mr. Francisco said .
“ People really want to know how they can grow this medicine and help patients . ”
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
TOKYO , Japan —
Under normal circumstances it would be impossible to summon any sympathy for a man who snatches two young children as they walk to school with their mother .
But what if the “ abductor ” is the children ’s father , and the mother , his former wife , herself the subject of an arrest warrant ?
When Christopher Savoie , an American , went to these extraordinary lengths to regain custody of his children from his Japanese ex-wife last month , he not only landed himself in a police cell for more than two weeks , he also placed the spotlight firmly on Japan ’s complicity in international parental child abduction — turning it from a minor irritant into a potential source of genuine tension between Washington and Tokyo .
Savoie was arrested after attempting to take his children , aged 9 and 6 , to the U.S. consulate general in Fukuoka , southwestern Japan , in September .
The 38 - year - old from Tennessee , and his former wife , Noriko , lived in Japan for several years before moving to the U.S. in 2008 .
When they divorced in the U.S. in January this year , Noriko was granted primary custody of the children .
Despite giving assurances that she would remain with the children in the U.S. , in August she took them to Japan , without Savoie ’s knowledge and in defiance of a court order .
The U.S. authorities awarded Savoie full custody in Noriko ’s absence and issued a warrant for her arrest on suspicion of “ custodial interference . ”
Yet Savoie has no legal right to see his children for as long as they remain in Japan , which refuses to sign the 1980 Hague Convention on International Child Abduction .
The treaty , with 81 signatories including every other member of the G7 , states that a “ child whose parents reside in different countries shall have the right to maintain on a regular basis … personal relations and direct contacts with both parents . ”
Savoie ’s is one of about 80 cases of international parental child abduction involving U.S. citizens , while France and Britain are dealing with 35 each .
The unofficial number is much higher , particularly when failed marriages between Japanese and people from other Asian countries are included .
The Assembly for French Overseas Nationals for Japan estimates that 10,000 children with dual citizenship in Japan are prevented from seeing their foreign parent after separation or divorce .
Japanese courts habitually award custody of children to the mother .
In many cases , they say they are simply trying to protect the rights of women fleeing abusive former husbands , a claim vigorously disputed by campaigners .
The country ’s courts will be tested again later this week when Shane Clarke appeals in a custody battle with Japanese ex-wife .
The 39 - year - old Briton has not seen his two young daughters since May 2008 after his ex-wife took them to Japan to visit their “ ill ” grandmother and never returned .
Though Britain ’s media has taken an interest in his plight , Clarke says he has received little support from the authorities , despite a court order naming the U.K. as his children ’s country of habitual residence .
“ I have been writing repeatedly to more than a dozen government ministers , and not a single one has had the common decency to reply , ” he told GlobalPost .
Legal precedent indicates that Clarke , who was denied custody at a hearing in Japan last year , will again return home without his daughters .
“ We are talking about two British citizens , and no one will help me .
The message our government is sending out to foreign nationals is that it ’s perfectly all right for them to commit a crime on British soil , and as long as they leave the country quickly enough , they ’ll get away scot - free . ”
Left - alone parents in the U.S. have fared better .
Chris Smith , a New Jersey congressman , recently urged the Japanese prime minister , Yukio Hatoyama , to use the Savoie arrest as a “ catalyst ” to end Japan ’s tacit approval of international parental child abduction .
Smith has drawn up legislation that would enable the U.S. to “ more aggressively ” pursue the rights of American parents , including imposing sanctions against countries that habitually refuse to cooperate on international child abductions .
Pressure is also mounting in Japan , where the ambassadors of eight countries , including the U.S. , have urged the justice minister , Keiko Chiba , to sign the Hague treaty .
The foreign minister , Katsuya Okada , indicated he would speed up a study into the agreement ’s pros and cons , although ratifying it will require changes to domestic laws that could take years to implement .
Savoie , meanwhile , says he is struggling to come to terms with the possibility that he will not see his children again until they are adults .
“ If loving my kids so much that I really want to be with them is a crime , then , well , I ’m guilty , ” he told CBS News after returning to the U.S. “ I ’m guilty of loving my kids . ”
Brain scans of people who believe in God have found further evidence that religion involves neurological regions vital for social intelligence .
In other words , whether or not God or Gods exist , religious belief may have been quite useful in shaping the human mind 's evolution .
" The main point is that all these brain regions are important for other forms of social cognition and behavior , " said Jordan Grafman , a National Institutes of Health cognitive scientist .
In a study published Monday in * Public Library of Science ONE * , Grafman 's team used an MRI to measure the brains areas in 40 people of varying degrees of religious belief .
People who reported an intimate experience of God , engaged in religious behavior or feared God , tended to have larger - than - average brain regions devoted to empathy , symbolic communication and emotional regulation .
The research was n't trying to measure some kind of small " God - spot , " but looked instead at broader patterns within the brains of self - reported religious people .
The results are full of caveats , from a small sample size to the focus on a western God .
But they fit with Grafman 's earlier work on how religious sentiment triggers other neural networks involved in social cognition .
That research , published in March in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Science , suggested that the capacity for religious thought may have bootstrapped a primitive human brain into its current , socially sophisticated form .
Grafman suspects that the origins of divine belief reside in mechanisms that evolved in order to help primates understand family members and other animals .
" We tried to use the same social mechanisms to explain unusual phenomena in the natural world , " he said .
The evolution of our brains continues , said Grafman .
" The way we think now is not the way we thought 3,000 years ago , " he said .
" The nature of how we believe might change as well . "
* Citation : " Neuroanatomical Variability of Religiosity . "
By Dimitrios Kapogiannis , Aron K. Barbey , Michael Su , Frank Krueger , Jordan Grafman .
Public Library of Science ONE , Vol. 4 No. 9 , September 28 , 2009 . *
See Also :
Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and reportorial outtakes ; Wired Science on Twitter .
Brandon is currently working on a book about ecosystem and planetary tipping points .
Estudiantes de la Escuela Superior de Ingenier�a Mec�nica y El�ctrica y de Ingenier�a en Control y Automatizaci�n de la ESIME , obtuvieron los primeros lugares del Internacional Robothon 2009 efectuado en Seattle
Ciudad de M�xico | Mi�rcoles 28 de octubre de 2009
Nurit Mart�nez Carballo | El Universal
16:17
We spent ten precious minutes with V's Morena Baccarin , our favorite alien visitor — and she answered all our questions , as long as they painted her in a positive light .
Of course , we had to ask her if she 's Obama .
Advertisement
Baccarin plays Anna , the leader of the alien Visitors ( or Vs ) who come to Earth professing peace and friendship and promising healthcare and advanced technology .
And of course , it 's all too good to be true .
Some pundits have been saying her character is meant to be Barack Obama , and Baccarin seemed to be aware of the comparisons .
So we asked her if she thinks she 's playing our new president , and she says :
I do n't think we 're saying Anna is President Obama .
But she is the leader of her people , and she is coming down to Earth and offering healthcare , and offering cures for diseases , and things that sort of clean out and give people hope , and there are definite parallels to be drawn and our intentions are to create a show that people relate to .
And I think this is something that 's been on people 's minds , even before Obama ... finding hope again , and healthcare , and finding a leader , and someone who can save us from the hole we 've gotten ourselves into .
Advertisement
Do n't expect Baccarin to play to the cheap seats .
One thing Baccarin stressed over and over again , in our interview , is that she 's going for a subtle portrayal of Anna , and she never plans to become as out - and - out sinister as Diana , the evil alien leader in the original miniseries .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
" We 're working with Anna being a little more subtle than in the original , " says Baccarin .
She wants Anna to be " creepy " and " scary " but also have qualities that the audience can relate to .
That said , in the next few episodes , we 'll get to see Anna " show her true colors a little more . "
Baccarin says her goal is to make the audience feel drawn to Anna , even though they know they should n't be :
It 's really true of all the characters on the show :
We walk a fine line .
It 's way more interesting to question why they feel they want to follow this character .
There should be qualities that [ the audience ] can identify with , that we see them in ourselves .
People identify [ with Anna ] and feel compelled by her , and feel like they want to follow her ... and can't understand why they feel drawn to her .
[ The audience should be saying , ] " I do n't know , this is n't right that I 'm going for it . "
Advertisement
This was something the producers had worked out early on , she adds :
We had discussed early on , when I auditioned , [ that ] she could n't be robotic or alien .
She had to be nurturing and human , to be allowed into people 's lives , so that people would trust her ...
We created this character who 's very calm and controlled and nurturing .
You do n't see her losing her cool , and you do n't see what 's behind her motivations .
It 's like having your neighbor turn out not to be who you thought they were .
Advertisement
This subtle approach means that you have to watch Baccarin carefully to catch the little cues she drops in .
The way she flutters her eyelashes .
The way she lifts one eyebrow , or looks straight at someone , or looks away .
Says Baccarin , " Obviously , Anna lives in a very constrained space , in that she is very precise , but there is a lot of freedom of subtlety and nuances . "
Advertisement
I asked Baccarin how she felt about playing a villain after playing the more sympathetic Inara on Firefly , and she responded : " It really is fun .
I 'm not going to call her a villain .
I 'm going to say that you said that . "
( She really is good at the slippery politician thing . )
From Anna 's perspective , " she is is being the best leader she can be .
And if it's at the expense of a couple of humans , so be it . "
Advertisement
Baccarin admits she gets asked whether she 'll be eating a live hamster — like , pretty much all the time .
She says :
We have n't done it in these [ first ] four episodes , and I 'm bracing myself .
And so many people ask about it , I think it 's imminent .
I think we are going to pay homage to those moments , but not maybe do them the same way — so hopefully I wo n't have to put a hamster down my throat .
Advertisement
Finally , I asked Baccarin how , as an immigrant from Brazil , she feels about taking part in a show that promotes xenophobia and suspicion of visitors .
She says you should n't read too much into V :
I think we should all be suspicious of aliens .
We 're not saying be suspicious of people from other cultures , I think we 're saying be suspicious of people from outer space .
So we 're very safe there .
There 's a lot of ethnic diversity in our world now , and we 're not commenting on that all .
It 's literally about people coming from another world .
Advertisement
V airs on Tuesday nights for the next three weeks , and then goes away until March due to some kind of sporting event .
Goldman 's Alec Phillips discusses the topic of the imminent increase in the Federal debt limit from $ 12.1 trillion ( to $ 13 trillion , $ 1 quadrillion ? ) .
Alec pokes amusing holes in both the worthlessness of Congress as a monetary policy check , saying that the Congress will of course approve the debt increase " as it always eventually does . "
What is also curious is the assumption that due to Democratic control of the entire political decision - making process , Phillips sees no risk to a debt limit increase this time unlike 1995 when Clinton was unable to promptly push a cap raise .
Normally the debt limit is simply a political headache for the majority party in Congress , which must force its members to take a politically unpopular vote while the minority party votes against it .
But it has been mostly irrelevant for market participants , since despite a lengthy political debate , Congress always increases it in the end .
The one exception to this came in the winter of 1995 , when President Clinton and the Republican Congress deadlocked over increasing the limit , effectively shutting the government down for three weeks in December 1995 and January 1996 .
Will this issue be used by Republicans to garner more populist support ahead of mid-term elections and ultimately ahead of the next presidential election ?
The answer is a resounding yes , especially with debt issues becoming much more of a mainstream concern these days .
Even Goldman acknowledges this point :
The debt limit vote often focuses the nation ’s attention , albeit briefly , on the amount of outstanding US obligations .
Perhaps this time the nation 's attention will be focused a little less briefly on this most critical issue for the longevity of American capitalism / China non-vassal state status .
Lastly , and most notably , is Goldman 's dismissive approach to what the general public will get out of any debt ceiling debate :
One should not read too much into the rhetoric that is likely to come out of the upcoming debate over the debt limit , since much of it will be meant for public consumption but will have little bearing on other policy debates that follow .
We beg to differ .
Public consumption is becoming a very prevalent issue these days .
Perhaps Mr. Phillips should call up Goldman 's PR department to see prima facie just the what the impacts of a shift in popular sentiment can do to either policy or , in his case , a firm 's perception among the broad populace .
We would like to remind readers of Zero Hedge 's petition to freeze the debt ceiling , which has been signed by nearly 2,000 of our readers , and which will be distributed to appropriate members of Congress shortly .
Full Goldman note below ( highlights ours )
Raising the Federal Debt Limit : It 's Never Easy
Within the next two months , the Treasury is likely to run up against the limit on publicly held debt .
This will require Congress to raise the limit , which currently stands at $ 12.1 trillion , and is likely to involve a contentious debate over fiscal policy .
We expect Congress to approve a debt limit increase , as it always eventually does .
However , the process may be more consequential than usual .
First , the steps the Treasury may use to delay hitting the limit involve programs of some importance to the market , such as winding down the Treasury ’s Supplementary Financing Program ( SFP ) .
In addition , the debate itself may be foreshadow what looks likely to be a more significant debate over fiscal policy next year , and will highlight the tension between the necessity of additional stimulus and the eventual need for fiscal restraint .
Raising the Federal Debt Limit : It ’s Never Easy
Within the next two months , the Treasury is likely to run up against the statutory limit on publicly held debt .
While we expect Congress to approve a debt limit increase , as it always eventually does , the debate over the debt limit may receive more attention than past debates given the significant fiscal deterioration witnessed over the last year and the importance of fiscal policy to the economic outlook over the next few years .
The debt limit will be breached before year end .
On August 7 , Treasury requested that Congress increase the $ 12.1 trillion statutory limit on public debt .
At the time , the Treasury projected it would hit the limit at some point around the middle of this month .
Since then , it appears that recent budget improvement and the creative management of federal finances may stave off the need for an increase for at least another month .
When the Treasury reports the budget results for September later this week , it looks likely to show a deficit for the month that is close to the $ 31 billion that the Congressional Budget Office estimated recently in its monthly budget review .
October and November tend to be fairly substantial deficit months for the federal budget ; spending does n’t change much but revenues tend to be 15 % to 25 % lower than the average month , due to an absence of important tax filing deadlines in October or November .
As a result , it seems likely that the deficit will grow by $ 150 billion or slightly more in October and again in November .
With just over $ 300 billion in room left under the $ 12.1 trillion debt ceiling , this would put the breach at some point around the end of November , not counting any measures are taken to forestall hitting the cap .
The working assumption on Capitol Hill appears to be that the limit will need to be increased at some point in November , and congressional leaders are anticipating action at some point next month .
That said , if lawmakers can identify measures to push the debate over this contentious issue into December , they may delay a vote , in part so that the healthcare debate can be concluded before this issue is taken up .
The Treasury has already taken measures to avoid hitting the ceiling , and more are likely .
The Treasury carefully manages cash balances when it approaches the debt ceiling , and often resorts to temporary measures when Congress fails to act in a timely manner .
This time , the Treasury may be forced to undertake some familiar measures , but may also use some new tools at its disposal it has not had in the past :
1. Supplementary financing program ( SFP ) : The Treasury created the SFP in September 2008 in order to help the Federal Reserve drain reserves from the banking system created by the Fed ’s lending programs .
As of October 7 , the SFP accounted for $ 130 billion in Treasury securities outstanding , down from $ 200 billion in mid-September , and a peak of $ 559 billion in November 2008 .
The SFP balance is now declining at a rate of $ 35 billion per week , and the Treasury has stated its intention to draw it down to a $ 15 billion balance
2. Cash management bills .
The Treasury may rely slightly more heavily on short term cash management bills ( CMBs ) — these normally carry a maturities of just a few days but more recently have been longer — to more closely manage the amount of debt under the limit .
CMBs count toward the debt limit just like longer maturity Treasuries , but allow for slightly greater flexibility as the limit approaches .
3. State and Local Government Series Securities ( SLUGS ) :
The amount outstanding of these securities , which allow state and local governments to invest funds with the federal government , has declined by roughly $ 80 billion since peaking at over $ 300 billion in 2007 .
A temporary halt to SLUGS issuance is normally one of the first things the Treasury does when it approaches the debt ceiling , but will be a less important factor this time around given the run-down .
4 . The “ G Fund ” and other trust funds :
There are several government trust funds that are invested in Treasury securities : the “ G Fund ” of the federal employee ’s retirement plan , which is invested in government securities ( hence the “ G ” designation ) and the civil service retirement fund are most often affected when the debt limit approaches .
The most common step taken is to stop reinvestment of fund proceeds in Treasury securities until after the debt limit has been raised .
This can create tens of billions in additional room under the limit .
( The last time this was done , in 2006 , the Treasury estimated it freed up around $ 60 billion in borrowing capacity ) .
5. The Exchange Stabilization Fund ( ESF ) : The Treasury ’s ESF holds roughly $ 50 billion , and can be used for a broad range of purposes ; it was most recently used for the guarantee of money market mutual funds , which expired in September .
This fund has been tapped in the past when a breach of the debt limit was imminent , but the Treasury is apt to pursue other measures before the ESF .
6. Financial assets : The Treasury holds $ 165 billion in Fannie and Freddie mortgage backed securities ( MBS ) and $ 134 billion in bank preferred shares acquired under its Capital Purchase Program ( CPP ) .
While a sale of either of these is very unlikely , the Treasury may halt purchases of MBS , which must be financed through Treasury issuance .
These purchases have already declined from around $ 20 bn per month earlier this year to around $ 6bn per month currently , so halting the program would create only a small amount of room .
The debt limit debate will be more consequential than usual .
Normally the debt limit is simply a political headache for the majority party in Congress , which must force its members to take a politically unpopular vote while the minority party votes against it .
But it has been mostly irrelevant for market participants , since despite a lengthy political debate , Congress always increases it in the end .
The one exception to this came in the winter of 1995 , when President Clinton and the Republican Congress deadlocked over increasing the limit , effectively shutting the government down for three weeks in December 1995 and January 1996 .
While we do n’t envision this occurring again — if nothing else , the fact that the president ’s party controls large majorities in Congress should minimize this risk — the debate does seem likely to be more consequential than usual , for three reasons :
1. Heightened public concern about the US fiscal position .
The debt limit vote often focuses the nation ’s attention , albeit briefly , on the amount of outstanding US obligations .
While the burgeoning federal debt is certainly not new , the amount of public attention likely to be paid to the fiscal situation may increase .
This is reflected , for example , in opinion polls that indicate that the share of the public that sees the budget deficit as the top policy concern is approaching levels last seen in the early 1990 ’s , when fiscal policy became a central election issue .
2. Increased reliance on federal programs .
Financial markets have come to rely on the government ’s balance sheet more over the last year than at any time in recent history , so a disruption here would be unwelcome .
In particular , the need to wind down the Treasury ’s SFP may raise a perception problem for the Fed , as bank reserves and the monetary base will increase absent other actions .
The debt limit also poses challenges for the FDIC , which may need to borrow now that it has nearly depleted its deposit insurance fund in order to cover the cost of several recent bank failures .
However , while these issues present minor policy challenges , it is difficult to see any of them creating significant problems .
3. Signaling effect for future fiscal policy .
One should not read too much into the rhetoric that is likely to come out of the upcoming debate over the debt limit , since much of it will be meant for public consumption but will have little bearing on other policy debates that follow .
That said , coming on the heels of probable enactment of health reform legislation , which may have important fiscal consequences , it is entirely plausible that the debt limit debate late this year will set the stage for a political campaign season in 2010 with focus on tension between the ultimate need for fiscal tightening and what may still be a need for more fiscal stimulus in the short term .
Moreover , an increase in the debt limit — along with enactment of health reform — is likely to be an important prerequisite any further fiscal stimulus .
Until it occurs , the only action likely to be taken on stimulus is extension of extra unemployment benefits and related measures , as we outlined in a daily last week ( see “ The Prospects for Additional Stimulus and Its Potential Effects , ” US Daily , October 8 , 2009 ) .
About
= a successful robbery
= an unsuccessful robbery
Compiled by Ken Habarta
Robbing a bank is as simple as putting pen to paper .
Here are actual demand notes used in successful and unsuccessful unarmed bank robberies - - accompanied by a photo of each robber and appended with details about the robbery itself .
Obviously , we love when we see developers using the Maps API to create sophisticated and innovative applications .
It makes us feel good that we put time into creating our APIs , and it excites us that there are so many creative developers in the world .
But , we do n't always wear our heart on our sleeve , and share our love for great uses of the APIs with everyone .
So , we 're initiating a series of blog posts about our favorite maps , and this is the first in the lot .
We 'll also use this series as a way to introduce you to other members of our ever expanding team here .
You likely already know me , as I 'm something of a regular on this blog - getting started 3 years ago with a post showing how to use the then - just - introduced GPolygon ( man , that makes me feel old ) .
So , I 'll go straight into my favorites .
I was once asked what I thought the next frontier in maps mashups was , and I responded : " time " .
Why ?
It 's tricky figuring out how to display layers of data on top of a map , but it 's even trickier to squeeze in one more dimension and display time - based data , and I admire those developers that take on the challenge .
Here are some examples :
NYC Homicides Map
Displays 10 years of homicide data in New York City , including as recent as the last 2 weeks ( eerie ! ) .
They give users a slider to quickly slide through the years and see how the density changes , and also give them different options for coloring the data .
It 's a great , simple combination of two different ways of visualizing data .
RozTracker
Shows the voyage of a woman that 's in the middle of rowing across the Pacific .
The user can see how many oar strokes she 's done , and zoom in to see her tweets , blog posts , and videos from the voyage so far .
WW2 TimeMap
Displays WW2 events using TimeMap , the open - source project combining the SIMILE Timeline with the Google Maps API .
It 's a rich timeline that 's able to show long - running events as well as single - time events , and deals with overlapping events .
It means that the developer can open the map up to user contributions , and not worry about the usability of the interface being compromised .
Manhattan Map
Shows what Manhattan looked like hundreds of years ago ( a whole lot greener ) , and gives the user a slider to change the transparency of the 1609 imagery , giving the illusion of the modern - day landscape fading in .
The user can also hover over individual city blocks for information on what that block was like back then .
TimeSpace
Clusters the top news stories on the map , and gives the user a time slider to pan through the day 's events .
The graph underlaid beneath the slider shows how the news density varies during the day , and a search box lets the user filter the news displayed .
It 's a much more fun way to browse the news , and a good way to encourage readers to be interested in news all over the world .
As you can see , there are a lot of ways to show time - based data on maps , and each of them suit different needs .
The important thing is that developers are pushing the envelope and experimenting with different interfaces , and putting it out there for all of us to enjoy .
For more examples like these , check out the " Timeline " label in the Google Maps Mania directory .
Tune in next week to hear about more of our favorites ! :)
Posted by Pamela Fox , Developer Relations
Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin is the world ’s third most influential person , according to Forbes magazine , which published the list of the world ’s 67 most influential politicians , business leaders , and other individuals .
The two individuals who ranked higher than Putin were China ’s Hu Jintao , who claimed second place , and U.S. President Barack Obama , who took the top spot .
Russian President Dmitry Medvedev placed at number 43 on the list , ranking behind most other influential European leaders .
Putin enjoys great popularity in Russia .
A recent survey of 1,800 Russians found that Putin is the person that most Russians associate with the term “ a real man . ”
The same survey found that Putin is more popular with Russian women than with men .
Others who made Forbes ’ list of influential people included Italy ’s Silvio Berlusconi ( 12th ) , Germany ’s Angela Merkel ( 15th ) , and British Prime Minister Gordon Brown ( 29th ) .
Also of note were terrorist leader Osama Bin Laden , who placed 37th , and North Korean leader Kim Jong Il , who placed 24th .
View the full list here .
MARRAKECH , Morocco --
The Obama administration 's drive for Middle East peace risked a major setback as Arab nations warned of " failure " after a surprise U.S. shift away from insisting on a total freeze of Israeli settlement - building in disputed areas ahead of peace talks .
A furor in Arab capitals forced U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton to issue a carefully worded statement from Morocco on Monday , asserting that U.S. policy on the settlement issue had n't changed .
That did n't damp the criticism .
" The Americans could n't bring something serious " on the settlement issue , said Amr Moussa , secretary - general of the Arab League and an Egyptian diplomat .
" I 'm really afraid we 're about to see failure .... Failure is in the atmosphere . "
The disquiet was sparked by comments Mrs. Clinton made over the weekend in Jerusalem .
She lauded Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's commitment to a partial freeze of building in the West Bank and East Jerusalem , calling it an " unprecedented " move toward peace that should bring Palestinians to the negotiating table .
The Obama administration had repeatedly described a full freeze as critical to creating the conditions for progress on peace .
The White House 's point man on the Middle East peace process , former Sen. George Mitchell , has been seeking to get a complete settlement freeze in exchange for Arab governments taking early steps to normalize their relations with Israel , such as establishing trade and telecommunications links .
Mike Tyson Arrested at LAX ( VIDEO )
An argument broke out at the Los Angeles International Airport yesterday around 4:30 p.m .
The scuffle happened between boxing great Mike Tyson and a celebrity photographer who was doing his thing at the United Airlines terminal .
Sgt. Jim Holcomb said , " The two men got into a scuffle , and it 's alleged that Tyson hit the photographer once in the face with one hand , causing him to fall to the ground .
The photographer sustained a laceration to the forehead and was taken to the hospital . "
Tyson was arrested and held on $ 20,000 bail .
Records show that the fight champ was released at 8:24 p.m .
Mike was at the airport with his new wife , Lakiha Spicer and their 10 - month - old baby .
They were coming from Europe with a stop at LAX before the final leg to Las Vegas .
Tyson 's lawyer Richard Schonfeld gave a statement about the situation : " Mike Tyson did absolutely nothing wrong , he was a victim in this case .
We look forward to vindicating him and pursuing his rights . "
It has been a rough year for Mike , who 's 4 - year - old daughter Exodus died in a freak accident at her mother 's home .
The fighter also spent 24 hours in an Arizona jail and was sentenced to 3 years probation stemming from a DUI and drug possession case .
Will this be a violation of his probation ?
That will be up to the courts to decide ... stay tuned .
Check out video of the LAX arrest below .
The skin on the right faces are made redder and yellower and look healthier A golden glow is the healthiest and most attractive look for Caucasian skin , researchers have claimed .
St Andrews University scientists used specialist computer software to allow people to manipulate skin colour to make images more healthy .
They chose to increase the rosiness , yellowness and brightness of the skin .
The researchers said eating fruit and vegetables would be a better way of achieving this complexion , rather than darkening the skin through a suntan .
Melanin , the pigment that causes the tan colour when you expose your skin to the sun , makes the skin darker and more yellow , but participants in the study chose to make skin lighter and more yellow to make it look healthier .
The only natural way in which we can make our skin lighter and more yellow is to eat a more healthy diet high in fruit and vegetables
Professor David Perrett
St Andrews University
" This discovery is very exciting and has given us a promising lead into cues to health , " said Professor David Perrett , head of the perception lab at St Andrews University , where the research took place .
He said : " What we eat and not just how much we eat appears to be important for a healthy appearance .
" The only natural way in which we can make our skin lighter and more yellow is to eat a more healthy diet high in fruit and vegetables . "
He said skin that was slightly flushed with blood and full of oxygen suggests a strong heart and lungs , supporting the study 's findings that rosier skin appeared healthy .
Smokers and people with diabetes or heart disease have fewer blood vessels in their skin , and so skin would appear less rosy .
The preference for more golden or ' yellow - toned ' skin as healthier might be explained by the carotenoid pigments that we get from the fruit and vegetables in our diet .
These plant pigments are powerful antioxidants that soak up dangerous compounds produced when the body combats disease .
They are also important for our immune and reproductive systems and may help prevent cancer .
The work is published this week in the International Journal of Primatology and has been funded by the Biotechnology and Biological Sciences Research Council ( BBSRC ) and Unilever Research .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Half the U.S. presence in Afghanistan and Iraq is made up not of soldiers , marines , and airmen but of private contractors .
And although contractors are not combat troops , almost 1,800 of them have been killed since 9/11 .
Allison Stanger says this is a dangerous and unprecedented outsourcing of foreign policy that bodes ill for the future of the nation .
Her latest book , One Nation Under Contract , takes a look at contracting and how it has militarized international affairs .
Stanger , a professor of international politics at Middlebury College in Vermont , chatted recently with U.S. News .
Excerpts :
What separates contractors from government workers ?
It 's really hard to make the distinction between the two because they are everywhere .
In many cases , they sit side by side with government personnel at meetings .
The question is who pays their salaries .
Is outsourcing war a new development ?
What about Hessian soldiers during the American Revolution ?
Mercenaries have been around for a long time , and the Hessians were mercenaries .
But now you have private companies with publicly sold stocks .
That 's something different than a government just going around and rousing up troops to aid the cause .
Turning them into something commercial makes them legal and legitimate .
We can get ourselves into bad places when we do n't think about what should be outsourced .
How so ?
Exhibits A and B are the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq .
We could n't be able to fight those wars without contractors .
The military could not feed its own soldiers without the help of private companies .
If we did n't have those contractors , we would need to have a national draft .
Is n't the lack of a draft a good thing ?
Not necessarily .
It makes it very easy to engage in overly ambitious military commitments .
It becomes a matter of money , not putting the lives of our sons and daughters in danger overseas .
Does contracting undermine existing government efforts as well as aid them ?
It certainly does n't help morale because of what it says about our commitments to the people who stay in - house .
Now we have soldiers and contractors often doing the exact same job in Iraq , like driving a supply truck , and a contractor is getting paid three times the salary .
U.S. soldiers are not happy about it .
Moreover , what does it say about what we prioritize as a country ?
It says that the smart move is to serve in the government for a few years and then cash out .
What else is contracted out ?
Contractors do lots of positive things as well .
U.S. values are a force for good in the world , and often it is private actors that are actually getting them implemented around the world .
I call it a privatization of power .
We need to harness the positive forces as well as rein in the negative aspects of privatization .
Is this a better way of distributing the burden of international action ?
Contracting makes things like the Clinton Global Initiative possible .
Groups like Save the Children receive lots of government money and are essentially contractors .
There 's a whole rethinking in the world of international development about the role of the private sector .
And contracting is often a much better way of getting something done .
The problem is that the current system for contracting , such as it is , does n't incentivize long - term thinking about what should and should n't be outsourced .
Is contracting inevitable ?
We do need to reimagine government for the modern world .
Large bureaucracies are not going to get it done .
But we 've gone too far in the other direction .
With the crusade against big government , we 've allowed lots of waste , fraud , and abuse because of the rapid charge to shift responsibilities from the government onto the private sector .
Do other countries outsource like us ?
Think of it as the logic of the free market taken to the extreme .
No other country in the world takes private sector government relations to this extreme .
The United Kingdom is a close second behind the U.S. in terms of privatization , which is interesting because many military contractors are also based there .
But if there 's money to be made , what 's to stop the Chinese starting up some military contracting companies ?
Or the Indians ?
Or the Saudis ?
There are dangerous implications for the international order .
Say we need 40,000 additional troops in Afghanistan and a Chinese mercenary company offers a low - cost alternative to the Pentagon .
Why not use them ?
It does make logical sense .
But I argue that war should be a national endeavor , done only when absolutely necessary .
Outsourcing makes war that much easier to fight .
As you add more for - sale forces to the equation , the more destabilized , violent , and chaotic things become .
You can look at the Middle Ages , where forces were often hired and locally based , or you can think of privateers in the Caribbean .
Neither situation offered great stability in the long run .
What do contractors think of the outsourcing ?
Most contractors think of themselves as working for the U.S. government .
But the fact is that they ultimately answer to a profit - making company , not government acting in the public interest .
In the end , contractors are looking for guidance .
There will be a new rule issued by the White House that will determine what activities are " inherently governmental " and what are not .
That 's something that contractors have been waiting a long time for the government to accurately and conclusively define .
How should we deal with this issue ?
We need to have a debate about what the government should do and what can be done by the private sector .
There 's a temptation to fight over contracting by bringing everything in - house .
You could n't do that if you wanted to because the government simply does n't have the capacity to do it anymore .
The unions are rubbing their hands at that prospect , but that 's not necessarily the way we should go .
I hope that Congress and the public can effectively debate the issue , because the status quo is n't sustainable .
Check out our political cartoons .
Next time you compliment a woman at a party that ’s she glowing , it may literally be so .
Two London - based designers have created a dress embroidered with 24,000 full color LEDs .
The ‘ Galaxy Dress ’ claims to be the largest wearable display in the world and it will be the centerpiece of an exhibit at the Museum of Science and Industry in Chicago .
“ We used the smallest full - color LEDs , flat like paper , and measuring only 2 by 2 mm , ” say designers Francesca Rosella and Ryan Genz in an e-mail .
“ The circuits are extra - thin , flexible and hand - embroidered on a layer of silk in a way that gives it stretch so the LED fabric can move like normal fabric with lightness and fluidity . ”
The duo run an interactive clothing company called CuteCircuit .
Beyond the LEDs themselves , the Galaxy Dress is crafted in a way that should make the pickiest seamstresses proud .
To diffuse the LED light , the dress has four layers of silk chiffon and a pleated silk organza crinoline skirt .
The extra - thin electronics allow the dress to follow the body shape closely like normal fabric .
Instead of having one large and heavy battery , the dress is designed to run on many tiny iPod batteries hiding in the crinoline , says Rosella .
“ They are not visible or uncomfortable , ” she says .
With the batteries , the Galaxy Dress wearer can walk around — all lit up — for anywhere from 30 minutes to an hour .
The areas without LEDs are decorated with more than 4,000 hand - applied Swarovski crystals that range in color from clear to bright pink .
“ The dress looks good even when it is switched off , ” say the designers .
So far , the dress has n’t been worn by any real woman .
It went straight from the fitting model to the museum .
See a video of the LED Dress that , according to the designers , consumes about the same electricity as two household bulbs .
Photos : J.B. Spector / the Museum of Science and Industry
[ via Ecouterre — Thanks , Kevin ! ]
Caspian M1911.ORG PocketSmith Multitool Reviewed by Harwood Loomis ( )
A few years ago , Caspian Arms introduced to the 1911 world the first version of their PocketSmith multitool , a sort of Leatherman derivative equipped with a variety of tools specifically designed for working on a 1911 pistol in the field .
About a year later , Caspian completely redesigned the tool , making it slightly larger and at the same time adding considerable functionality .
A special edition of the PocketSmith II , with the M1911.ORG logo inset into one of the handle grips , has been available on the M1911.ORG sites for more than a year .
Now , Caspian has tweaked the PocketSmith still more .
Three generations of the Caspian Pocketsmith , from left to right M1911.ORG just received a sample of the new , improved edition .
The second generation was named the PocketSmith II .
The packaging and the nylon belt sheath for the new model just say ' PocketSmith , ' so it 's a bit unclear what it should really be called .
Whereas the second generation was notably different from the first , the third generation is the same size and has all the same tools , with detail improvements .
Perhaps we should call it the PocketSmith II - A1 , in deference to its M1911 orientation .
Caspian , however , in recognition that the marketplace calls it simply the PocketSmith , has reverted to that as the name for the new , improved , 3rd generation model .
Let 's look at what 's the same , and what 's different : Details , Details
As stated above , and as can be seen in the accompanying photographs , the new PocketSmith provides exactly the same tools as the 2nd generation .
Where before all the blades were brush - finished stainless steel , in the new version all the metal components have a durable black finish .
Pocketsmith II on left , new PocketSmith III on right
On the 2nd generation , the blades had thumbnail recesses for lifting the blades , but they were difficult to reach and not very useful .
For the new model , Caspian added assist tabs to the drivers to make it easer to access one tool at a time .
Pocketsmith II on left , new PocketSmith III on right
The aluminum panels of the 2nd generation model have been replaced by black G - 10 panels .
They feel much more comfortable and are slip resistant .
Pocketsmith II on left , new PocketSmith III on right
The knife blade on the 2nd generation model was sharpened for the entire length .
The knife blade on the 3rd generation model is now semi-serrated , and instead of a thumbnail recess it now has a thumb stud for opening , and a liner lock to keep the blade open until you want it closed .
Pocketsmith II on left , new PocketSmith III on right
The packaging has also been scaled down to a simple craft box .
What has not changed is the assortment of tools designed specifically for working on a 1911 pistol .
The pliers jaws incorporate barrel bushing wrenches , one for the Government Model on one side and one for the Officers ACP on the opposite side .
Government Model barrel bushing wrench
Officers ACP barrel bushing wrench
As with both previous versions , the new Caspian PocketSmith comes with a ballistic nylon belt holster that has a flap with a Velcro closure .
The outer box is now a simple , brown Kraft box reminiscent of a WW2 - era cartridge box .
The larger white packaging of the 2nd generation was undoubtedly better for display purposes , but the new box is more utilitarian , will take up considerably less space on a dealer 's shelf , and in this reviewer 's admittedly biased opinion simply looks more appropriate for a 1911 multitool .
Our thanks to Gary Smith of Caspian Arms for sending us an early sample for review .
The changes are many but subtle , and each appears well - thought out and made for the specific purpose of enhancing the functionality of what was already an incredibly useful tool .
Personally , I have been carrying a 1st generation PocketSmith in my range bag and keeping a 2nd generation model in my toolbox on the workbench .
Perhaps it 's now time to retire the 1st generation , move the 2nd generation to the range bag , and put the new , improved model into the toolbox .
To order yours , call Caspian today or click this link The MSRP is still $ 35.00 .
You may discuss about this product , ask questions or in general discuss about this review , in this thread in our Forums Site : http://forum.m1911.org/showthread.php?t=60472
Sources : Pocketsmith III Caspian Arms Ltd .
75 Cal Foster Dr ,
Wolcott , VT 05680
USA Phone : ( 802)472-6454
Fax : ( 802)472-6709 E- Mail : gary@caspianarms.com
Web site : http://www.caspianarms.com/
Stargate Atlantis co-star Jason Momoa ( “ Ronon Dex ” ) has landed a role in the pilot to HBO ’s new fantasy drama Game of Thrones .
The actor first announced the news to fans at last week ’s Armageddon Expo in Australia , and it was quickly confirmed by the Chicago Tribune .
The highly anticipated new series is based on the novel series A Song of Ice and Fire by acclaimed author George R. R. Martin .
The story follows a group of families vying for control of the throne of the Seven Kingdoms .
Four of the series ’ planned seven titles have been published to date .
Momoa will play Khal Drogo , a wealthy and powerful warrior and horse lord .
The show will star Lena Headey ( Terminator : The Sarah Connor Chronicles ) , Sean Bean ( The Lord of the Rings ) , Nikolaj Coster - Waldau ( New Amsterdam ) , Peter Dinklage ( Threshold ) , Jamie Campbell - Bower ( The Twilight Saga : New Moon ) , and Jennifer Ehle ( Pride and Prejudice ) .
Filming will reportedly take place in Morocco , Scotland and Ireland .
The show will offer Jason his first nude scene and his first sex scene , according to one fan report from the convention .
Game of Thrones officially begins production on October 24 .
If it is picked up by HBO for a full series , expect a premiere in 2010 or 2011 .
( Thanks to Madwelshboy , C. Clark and Staffan for the tip ! )
Posted on November 5th , 2009
Today we ’re going to take a look at the five beers that most define they way we think about beer .
Love ‘em or loathe ‘em , they have shaped what beer is for the average consumer .
Budweiser – Regardless of how you feel about Budweiser , you ca n’t deny the huge role it has had in creating the modern American beer landscape .
Wherever you are in the US , you can find a bottle , can or draft of Budweiser .
Sure , Bud Light has replaced Budweiser as Anheuser - Busch ’s signature brand , but it was good ol ’
Bud that paved the way .
A - B won over the masses thanks to Bud ’s universal availability and year after year of clever commercials .
Although certainly not the first light lager , Budweiser ’s own special blend of corn and rice makes for an “ easy to drink ” beer that ’s great for folks that do n’t really like beer .
Guinness –
It ’s hard to overstate the influence of Guinness stout .
For many ( including myself ) , it was the first non-light lager beer they ever tried .
In many ways it can be thought of as a gateway beer , introducing many to the world of beer beyond Budweiser .
They ’ve accomplished this with their velvety smooth texture and lightly roasted flavors .
Although Guinness has a reputation as an extremely heavy beer , it ’s deceptively smooth and light , which makes it dangerously easy to drink .
Anchor Steam – The original American craft beer .
As we mentioned on Tuesday , Anchor Steam was the first brewery after Prohibition to brew without adjuncts or fillers , making it the first craft brewery .
When Fritz Maytag bought the failing Anchor Brewing Company in 1965 , he probably had no idea it would lead to the craft beer movement , but it did .
Anchor Steam showed the world that American beer could be unique , substantial and delicious .
The beer itself is a lovely hybrid of the best qualities of ales and lagers .
It combines the light and smooth aspects of lager with the warm , round flavors of ale .
It ’s certainly worth a try .
Sam Adams Boston Lager – While Anchor Steam was the first American craft brewery , Sam Adams was the first to expand their distribution to a national scale .
This enabled almost everyone in American to get a taste of lager done the proper way .
Without any adjuncts like corn or rice in their beer , Sam Adams became the first American lager to be sold in Germany under their strict beer purity law , the Reinheitsgebot .
Sam Adams lager is notably hoppy for a lager , something the company takes considerable pride in , which they should .
It ’s delicious .
Sierra Nevada Pale
Ale –
Over the last ten years , much of the experimentation and innovation among craft brewers has happened in the realm of hops , and this is the one that started it all .
Sierra Nevada Pale
Ale is one hoppy beer , even by pale ale standards .
It delivers a massive hop taste that ’s citrusy and floral , really showcasing what hoppy beer can be .
Their signature use of Cascade hops also helped usher in that variety as the American hop .
To this day , most American IPAs and pale ales have some Cascade in them .
What beers have really influenced the way you think about beer ?
Where do these beers stack up in your Top 5 ?
Leave us a comment and let us know what your favorites are and where we missed the mark .
And as always next time you have a brew let us know by tweeting what you drank and adding the ‘ # mybeer ’ hashtag .
Phil Elliott Wednesday 11th November 2009
Share this article Share
Companies in this article Microsoft
Microsoft has banned a number of Xbox Live accounts from the online service in a bid to prevent the owners of modded consoles using the service .
The platform holder warned last week it would be suspending access to Xbox Live for anybody who had modified their console in order to play pirated discs , although the action wo n't prevent people from playing games offline .
Although the company declined to release specific numbers , some reports have placed the amount of accounts banned at 600,000 of the 20 million - plus total .
" We have taken action against a small percentage of consoles have been modified to play pirated game discs , " Microsoft told GamesIndustry .biz today .
" In line with our commitment to combat piracy and support safer and more secure gameplay for the more than 20 million members of our Xbox Live community , we are suspending these modded consoles from Xbox Live . "
by Tally on August 10 , 2017
9 years .
That is a long time .
But the years seem to go by so quickly .
Nine years ago I started restoring my foreskin .
My preferred restoring method has been manual method 2 .
I have used other methods and devices , but manual method 2 best fits my lifestyle .
I consider myself partially restored .
I have had full flaccid coverage for a couple years .
I do not yet have full erect coverage .
I still tug , but not with the fervor I used to have when I started .
I currently tug every day in the shower for a minute or two .
I am still enjoying the many benefits of foreskin restoration .
Read more . . .
I hired Todd for the summer as a carpenter 's assistant .
Nearly 30 years my junior , Todd is a 21 yr. old ROTC and political science student .
His favorite class last semester was " Politics in the Media " , so we spent the summer in heavy discussions , listening to both NPR and FOX Radio .
When we heard that the TeaParty Express would be passing through Brighton , MI , we vowed to attend , to see for ourselves , unfiltered , unedited .
During the ½ hour drive north , Todd was excited , " I 'm going to pop my cherry today . "
" What do you mean ? " I asked .
" This is my first political rally . "
We arrived a few minutes late , but 30 minutes before the TeaParty Express bus .
A brisk walk to the downtown Millpond , we spotted the first sign carrier .
Just like the reports , an older gentleman struggled to walk while carrying a teabag - decorated sign , " Keep Government hands off my healthcare . "
" Medicare ? " I wondered .
Should I tell him that Medicare is a government program ?
Nah .
The rally area was well attended , maybe two or three thousand .
We wove through the crowd until the density stopped our progression , right in front of the pavilion , about 50 feet from the stage .
Between the stage and us , the crowd was very excited .
Todd recognized a FoxNews roving reporter , " That 's Griff , " he said .
" I have no idea who you 're talking about , " I said .
Because of scattered rain showers , it was announced that the podium would move from the open staging area to the pavilion .
We would be front and center !
Todd and I looked at each other .
" Do n 't -- , " I began .
" I 'm not leaving , " said Todd , with a wide grin .
As they moved the podium to the pavilion , a man asked for help mounting a speaker on a tripod .
I stepped forward to help .
I tried to make myself as visible as possible , hoping that one of the half - dozen roaming video cameras would train on me to ask my opinion .
No such luck .
While waiting for the tour bus , Todd and I took in the signs and T - shirts .
Though about 1/3 were about deficit spending , many factions were well represented .
Historical : Obama as Hitler .
Obama , Pelosi and Reid as co-Hitlers .
Religious : " Jesus Christ , not Antichrist " , " Hell no " , " Muslim " and Obama as the devil .
Local issues : " They took GM , do n't take my healthcare . "
Political fearmongers : " Socialism " , " Communism " and " Fascism " signs but no " McCarthyism " signs .
Signs were pro-gun , pro-life , pro-prayer and anti-abortionists , anti-immigrant , anti-government .
There were even anti-grammar and anti-SpellCheck signs , but that 's common at most gatherings .
In summation :
a ) Keep your hands off our stuff ( taxes , guns , health insurance ) , you Kenyan ( Muslim , Hitler or anti-Christ ) .
while b) WE tell you what to do with your uterus , whom you love , how you love , who to pray to . "
The two most troubling signs for me :
the blatantly racist , Obama PhotoShopped as a witch doctor .
a picture of a little girl , the words read " Do n't kill my grandma . "
You 'd have to be very gullible , lazy , narrow and / or dishonest to wave that sign .
As Todd and I took in and discussed the signs , I began to raise my voice .
" Easy , " said Todd , well aware we were smack in the middle of the throng , " Do n't engage them .
You 're not going to change anyone 's mind . "
" I 'll engage ... when asked , " I said , willing to test Todd 's hypothesis , and aware that 25 ft .
away was a sign that said , " Silence is Consent . "
An attractive woman stood nearby with three beautiful daughters .
The woman wore a button with images of Franklin , Jefferson and Washington .
Do I tell her that none were Christian and that Franklin was an avid " community organizer " ?
She was holding a sign that read , " Ask me about my Canadian cousin 's healthcare . "
So I asked , but she could n't hear me over the crowd .
Todd tried to discourage me , " Don 't ... "
In his book , Crimes Against Logic , Jamie
Whyte wrote that we 're all entitled to our opinion , until we express it .
Then we 're obligated to defend it .
I asked again , " Excuse me , tell me about your Canadian cousin 's healthcare . "
" Oh , " she said , looking at her sign .
" I had dinner with three Canadian doctors and they said that the wait is very long . "
" What do you mean ? " I asked .
" They told me that a woman once had to wait two years for bunion surgery . "
" Bunion surgery ? " I asked .
" YEAH , BUNION SURGERY . "
The crowd was getting louder .
" THAT'S WHAT THIS IS ABOUT , BUNION SURGERY ? " I yelled back .
" THEY'RE GOOD ABOUT HEART ATTACKS , BUT OTHERWISE , LIKE FOR BUNIONS , THE WAIT IS VERY LONG . "
" MY MOTHER HAD BUNIONS FOR 40 YEARS , " I said .
" THAT WAS HER CHOICE . " chimed in another woman .
" IT WAS ELECTIVE SURGERY .
SHE ELECTED NOT TO HAVE THE SURGERY . "
" SO YOU WANT SURGERY ON DEMAND ? " I asked .
" WHAT ? " said the other woman .
" IF IT'S ELECTIVE SURGERY , YOU WANT ELECTIVE SURGERY ON DEMAND ? "
" I DON'T KNOW . "
" SO YOU DON'T KNOW , " I said .
" I DON'T KNOW , " said the other woman .
I turned back to the sign - carrying woman , " THE THREE DOCTORS , WHAT PROVINCE WERE THEY FROM ? " " TORONTO .
ONTARIO , I GUESS , " she said .
" AS I UNDERSTAND IT , EACH PROVINCE HAS A DIFFERENT PLAN . "
" I DIDN'T KNOW THAT , " said the first woman .
" YOU DIDN'T KNOW THAT , " I repeated .
" NO , I DIDN'T , " she said .
To badger , or not to badger ?
" Easy , " said Todd .
A doctor arrived , in a freshly pressed white lab coat , to look authoritative .
He greeted the sign - carrying woman , the doctor 's wife , who 's protesting in favor of speedier U.S. bunion surgeries , not for better heart care .
The TeaParty Tour bus arrived and the travelers made their way to the pavilion .
Cheers all around .
A member of the tour , a young man , introduced himself and told the crowd he was from Brighton , MI , his hometown .
Cheers from the crowd .
" I'm a Republican . "
More cheers .
He took a jab at the public school system , " If they could see me now . "
More rah-rah .
Next up , an attractive woman , a country - western singer led the crowd , singing the " Star Spangled Banner . "
Then the Pledge of Allegiance .
" I pledge allegiance to the flag .... " said the crowd .
" Written by a Socialist in the 1890's , " I told Todd .
He nodded .
" ... one nation , UNDER GOD ... " yelled the crowd , " with Liberty and Justice for all . "
" * Under God * was added in 1954 to keep the Commies out , " I loudly told Todd .
" Really ? "
" Look it up . "
Another singer .
" I 'm not an African - American , " he said , " I'm an American . "
The American described the Obama administration as " thugs " , and the Teabaggers as " not racists " .
He sang the American TeaParty Anthem ( which he wrote ) and a re-worded " New York , New York " , with lyrics including the words " thugs " and " racist " .
A volunteer chorus line kicked their feet .
No different than what he 'd seen on Fox cable network , Todd tired of it .
" I 've had enough , " he said .
Since I drove , and do n't have cable TV , " I have 10 more minutes .
We 're staying , " I said , adding , " If I can take it , so can you . "
Neither of us were happy .
Up next , Tour Chairman , Mark Williams , a self - described " radio talk show host " spoke of his radio and TV appearances .
He 's really an internet talk show host and a radio talk show substitute .
Williams spoke of God , the Constitution , taking back the country , small government ... rah , rah , rah .
" Obama 's STOMPING on the Constitution , " Williams continued with emphasis and a stomp .
In my head , I ticked off the un-Constitutional Bush - era crimes : voter suppression , signing statements , retroactive immunity , invasion of privacy , spying on the press , torture , due process .... where the hell was Mark Williams THEN ?
" HAVE YOU READ THE CONSTITUTION ? "
I yelled from the crowd ( 15 ft. away . )
" Oh , shit , " thought Todd .
" blah , blah , blah , " continued Mark Williams .
" HAVE YOU READ THE CONSTITUTION ? " I repeated .
" This might not end well , " thought Todd .
With a perfect teaching opportunity , to explain Obama 's offenses , Mark Willaims said , " blah , blah , blah " .
" HAVE YOU READ THE CONSTITUTION ? " for the third time .
Tour co-Chair , Deborah Johns angrily stared at me .
I pointed at her , " HAVE YOU READ THE CONSTITUTION ? "
Deborah Johns " bravely " broke eye contact and walked away , admitting nothing .
Again .
" HAVE YOU READ THE CONSTITUTION ? " A simple question .
Cameras turned towards me .
" HAVE YOU READ THE CONSTITUTION ? " for the sixth time .
Proving himself a talentless hack , Mark Williams responded , " Sir . . I remember my first beer . "
I looked at Todd , " That 's his answer ?
Celebrate the Constitution , but do n't read it .
What a tool . "
I looked at my watch , " I have to pick up Kathryn from daycare . "
Regretting that I would miss a speech by " Joe the Plumber ' " , we left .
( I did catch the often self - refuting speech on YouTube .
" Majority rule " one second , " anti-abortion " anti-healthcare the next , even though the majority supports both reproductive rights and healthcare reform . )
I turned to leave .
" Excuse me , " I said .
A man with a beer gut and salt - and - pepper gray hair pretended he was still a tough guy .
I said again , " Excuse me .
Liberal coming through . "
The beer gut moved .
" Good .
Get lost , " said someone .
I walked quickly through the crowd .
" Liberal who 's read the Constitution coming through " cleared the way .
I hoped that Todd had kept up .
Near the fringe , a young man with an anti-healthcare sign , " My wife had cancer ... "
My patience gone , I unloaded on him .
" My brother paid premiums for 25 years , now his kidneys are failing and Blue Cross denies him coverage .
Private insurance is broken ! "
No response , nor eye contact from the sign - carrying chickenshit .
Todd was right behind me .
He was excited .
I was pissed and hoarse .
He was probably right , by engaging , I likely made no difference .
Todd confessed , " I was kind of a pussy .
I should have said something . "
Maybe I convinced Todd .
My voice , cracking like a 12 - yr. old , " I do n't know .
I can see me regretting it tomorrow . "
Todd told me I was spewing spit on those in front of me as I yelled , " HAVE YOU READ THE CONSTITUTION ? "
I remembered Al Pacino in the film , And Justice for All , drooling , spitting and yelling , " You 're out of order !
You 're out of order ... "
" Yeah , I might regret it come tomorrow . "
I have n't regretted it .
Next time we 'll bring a copy of the Constitution .
And a camera .
At the rally , I saw a T - shirt , " Ayn Rand Was Right . "
In The Fountainhead , Rand wrote , in order to destroy excellence , " enshrine mediocrity " .
On this , I agree .
Limbaugh , Hannity , Beck , Coulter and O'Reilly .
FoxNews : Enshrining mediocricy since 1985 .
I 'm tired of friends and family who fear Socialism though they have no idea what the word means .
Nor Capitalism , for that matter .
I 'm tired of nostalgia for Reaganomics , though it 's failed three times under three presidents , utter failure the last time .
I 'm tired of accusations of " Orwellian " by those who 've never read Orwell .
I 'm tired of best selling books accurately named " Idiot America . "
" The trouble with the world is that the stupid are cocksure and the intelligent are full of doubt . " -- Bertrand Russell
I believe that all would - be voters should take a 10 question test , questions from the US Citizenship Test .
No one need pass the test to vote , they just need to take it .
That way the cocksure would know who they are and the doubters might doubt less .
-- Rick Keith
The Cry Translator iPhone app is supposed to assist those with little parental instinct by translating the sobs and screams of their children and providing advice .
How ever did we all make it to adulthood without apps like this ?
Advertisement
The makers of the app claim that it is " accurate 96 % of the time " in interpreting " the five baby cries universal to all babies , regardless of culture or language ; hungry , sleepy , stressed , annoyed and bored . "
I do n't have a baby nearby , nor did I manage to make anyone cry long enough to test the app , but I sincerely doubt the statistic .
Definitely hoping that no one makes any serious child raising decisions based on this $ 30 iPhone app .
Then again , with some people it might actually improve their parenting .
[ Cry Translator via Wired ]
Christian groups and the Catholic Church are lobbying the Federal Government to overturn the ACT 's new laws for same - sex couples .
The Legislative Assembly passed a bill last week allowing gay couples to recognise their relationship with a legally binding civil ceremony .
But the Federal Government has the power to veto the new laws .
Last year it forced the ACT Government to water down a similar bill that formed the Territory 's Civil Partnerships
Act , arguing the arrangement was too similar to marriage .
The Commonwealth is yet to say if it will support the laws this time around and Federal Attorney - General Robert McClelland is examining the bill .
Catholic Archbishop of Canberra Mark Coleridge says the laws undermine marriage and he wants the Federal Government to step-in .
Attorney - General Simon Corbell says it is extraordinary that a church leader wants to undermine an elected parliament .
He says the Catholic Church is perpetuating discrimination against gay people .
Jerusalem Mayor Nir Barkat rejected the US demand for halting of construction in Jerusalem and announced that he would not lend a hand to this , for the sake of Jews or Arabs .
" Israeli law does not discriminate between Jews and Arabs , east and west , " he said .
" The demand to halt construction by Jews alone is illegal , even for the US .
Jerusalem Municipality will continue to allow construction in all parts of the city , for Arabs and Jews according to one law . " ( Ronen Medzini )
United Nations ( CNN ) --
The body of a United Nations worker , who had been missing for 24 years , has been found in eastern Lebanon , a representative of United Nations Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon said Monday .
Alec Collett was on assignment for the U.N. Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East , or UNRWA , when he was kidnapped in Lebanon in 1985 .
The British national was 63 years old at the time .
" Although he is saddened by Alec Collett 's death , he hopes that the actions taken to find his remains can provide a measure of comfort to his loved ones , " the statement from Ban 's representative said .
Collett 's abductors released two videotapes during his first year in captivity , in which Collett sent messages to his family , according to the U.N .
In April 1986 , a Beirut television station received a videotape that purportedly showed Collett being hanged , but the United Nations said it was impossible to formally identify whether or not it was him .
Since then , nothing further had been heard about Collett 's fate , despite repeated requests , the U.N. said .
Collett had been visiting various UNRWA operations in Lebanon as part of a three - month consultancy mission when he was kidnapped on March 25 , 1985 in the midst of Lebanon 's civil war while riding in a car near the Beirut airport , according to the U.N .
His driver , an Austrian national , was also abducted , but later released .
Collett was the first U.N. employee to be kidnapped in Lebanon .
A group calling itself the " Revolutionary Organization of Muslim Socialists " claimed responsibility for the kidnapping .
In the months that followed , several other UNRWA staff members were kidnapped , but later released .
Collett was married to an American , Elaine Collett , and their son Karim was 11 years old at the time of his kidnapping .
During his 35 - year career as a journalist , Collett worked in Prague as a newspaper correspondent for several British publications after World War II , as well as an Associated Press reporter in New York and at the United Nations .
Way back in September 2004 , the story broke that the Canadian engineering and construction firm SNC - Lavalin would be manufacturing 300- 500 million bullets for the U.S. military through its subsidiary SNC - TEC .
As Chris Spannos put it at the time : " For Canada , long in denial about its active participation in the U.S. war on terror , the SNC Technologies contract should highlight the fact that Canada has not only provided previous military and diplomatic support for the war on terror , but is now literally , without doubt , providing the ammunition to kill Iraqis . "
Embarrassed by the negative public relations that ensued in part from the subsequently developed ' campaign against SNC - Lavalin , ' in early 2006 , the bullet - making division was sold to General Dynamics .
Having steered clear of Iraq since then , earlier this month it was announced that SNC - Lavalin has been short - listed for a $ 255 - million contract to install gas turbines and power stations in Iraq .
Approval for the deals could come at any time .
Perhaps SNC 's attempt to enter the ( still - ) war - torn country under more benign pretenses will allow them to avoid the negative scrutiny that bullet - riddled Iraqis drew to them at the war 's onset .
If SNC - Lavalin 's track record as counterinsurgency ' force multiplier ' in another war zone , Afghanistan , is any indication , they may just be spared the headaches .
In 2002 , they procured a ten - year , $ 400 - million ( + ) contract via the Department of National Defence 's ' CANCAP ' ( Canadian Contractor Augmentation Programme , set to expire in July 2011 ) , making them the largest Canadian private contractor in Afghanistan ( with upwards of 300 employees there ) .
Modeled on the controversial U.S. ' LOGCAP ' ( Logistics Civil Augmentation Program ) , SNC - Lavalin PAE performs " tasks such as communications support , transport , materiel management and distribution , accommodation services , and vehicle maintenance support . "
As a retired Canadian general , and current consultant to SNC 's partner PAE , Inc. , put it :
" The strategic intent of CANCAP is to provide the CF with operational flexibility through an enhanced support capacity .
The Contractor workforce replaces military personnel of a deployed contingent , thus permitting their re-deployment for other purposes .
The use of CANCAP thus frees up military personnel for employment where their military skills are needed most . "
In relative terms , this puts SNC - Lavalin in a league with KBR and Halliburton ; operating in the same war zones , the company can be seen as an extension of what author Pratap Chatterjee calls " Halliburton 's Army . "
In 2000 , Canada 's top general called outsourcing to private contractors " the wave of the future . "
By 2007 , The Ottawa Citizen referred to SNC - Lavalin's ' army ' in Afghanistan as " an indispensable part of Canada 's war effort . "
On top of the $ 400 + million CANCAP contracts , SNC - Lavalin is also performing more counterinsurgency - specific tasks for the Canadian Forces .
Earlier this year , they were awarded a $ 44 - million contract to restore the Dahla Dam in Southern Afghanistan , one of Canada " signature " demonstration aid projects designed to win the population over .
The " reconstruction centerpiece " has also been featured in the Canadian government 's traveling propaganda exhibit , ' Afghanistan360 . '
CanWest news reported that SNC - Lavalin will continue on with the Dam project , which is " badly need [ed ] to show the coalition 's joint military - civil campaign is going better than many critics have said . "
The Canadian soldiers currently protecting it are to be replaced by U.S. soldiers .
Said a Canadian general , " Just because it happens that the headwaters will exist within an American [ area of operations ] does not mean the project will stop ...
It will be serviced by Canadian civilians , but some of the prima facie military support will come from Americans .
Opposition to SNC - Lavalin 's multi-faceted approach to 21st Century war ( and war profiteering ) petered out a few years ago .
Perhaps their return to Iraq and their soon - to - be ' deep integration ' with the U.S. military in Southern Afghanistan might rekindle the flames .
Update : Sept. 19 - SNC - Lavalin and Iraqi - owned URUK Engineering Services have each been awarded an $ 85 million contract to install gas turbines in Baghdad power stations .
Anthony Fenton is an independent journalist and researcher who covers Canadian and U.S. foreign policy .
He can be reached through his website , WebofDemocracy.org .
12:05 pm EDT October 11 , 2009 ·
The president of a design firm that specializes in data center power efficiency , and that was working on a new design last year for the Auckland - based data center that failed Friday morning , told Betanews today that even if changes were being made to that data center , if both the original design and the changeover plan were implemented properly , the data center failure would not have happened .
" What seems strange about this incident is that they are blaming it on a generator failure during testing , " stated California Data Center Design Group President Ron Hughes , whose organization was not responsible either for the data center 's current design or the changeover .
" If this failure did occur during testing , the question I would ask is why did n't the redundant generators assume the load or why did n't they just switch back to utility power . "
Advertisement
Though Hughes has no specific knowledge of last Friday 's incident , his insight does shed more light on the situation .
" A properly designed Tier 3 data center -- which is the minimum level required for any critical applications -- should have no single points of failure in its design .
In other words , the failure of a single piece of equipment should not impact the customer , " Hughes told Betanews .
" A generator failure is a fairly common event , which is why we build redundancy into a system .
In a Tier 3 data center , if you need one generator to carry the load , you install two .
If you need two , you install three .
This is described as N+1 redundancy .
It allows you to have a failure without impacting your ability to operate ...
In a Tier 3 data center , it should take 2 failure events before the customer is impacted . "
The CEO of Air New Zealand -- one of the few major CEOs anywhere to have been elevated to the top post from a CIO position -- expressed his disgust last weekend over what he describes as the poor handling of a data center failure at his airline 's outsourcing partner , IBM .
Rob Fyfe 's e-mail , made public by IDG 's Randal Jackson , excoriates IBM for its handling of a systems outage that took place at 9:30 am local time Friday morning , and that lasted for at least six hours .
During the entire time , ticketing , baggage handling , and traffic rerouting procedures for the entire airline were at a standstill , causing chaos for airports there .
This at a time when Air New Zealand was engaged in a public showdown with its chief rivals there , Pacific Blue and Qantas subsidiary Jetstar , challenging them to meet ANZ 's standards for flight punctuality .
" In my 30 - year working career , " Fyfe told his colleagues , " I am struggling to recall a time where I have seen a supplier so slow to react to a catastrophic system failure such as this and so unwilling to accept responsibility and apologize to its client and its client 's customers ... We were left high and dry and this is simply unacceptable .
My expectations of IBM were far higher than the amateur results that were delivered yesterday . "
Indeed , even as of this morning , IBM New Zealand has issued no public statements .
The data center failure apparently affected all of IBM 's customers in the region , not just the airline , although there is no word yet as to the identity of those customers or the extent of damage to their operations .
The move to outsource data center operations to IBM appears to have happened partly under Fyfe 's watch as CIO , and was heavily touted by the time by IBM 's marketing literature as a " design win " for mainframe - based Linux .
Though some mainframe database operations for ANZ came online as early as 1999 , the most lucrative move came in August 2002 , when the airline replaced its mid-range Windows NT - based in - house network made up of 150 Compaq z800 workstations , with a single eServer zSeries Linux outsourced mainframe hosted by IBM Global Services .
The airline 's CIO at the time of the move , Andrew Care , said maintaining the outsourced zSeries would cost his airline 30 % less in maintenance fees , and save $ 600,000 in software licenses .
The migration was seen as a huge loss for Microsoft , whose NT operating system was already well on its way to having been branded a failure for mid-level networks .
IBM established the global airline industry standard software for transaction processing as far back as 1960 , in a joint project with American Airlines called the Airlines Control Program , which made possible the original , groundbreaking Sabre system .
Since 1979 , IBM has sold other airlines a commercial version of this system , called Transaction Processing Facility ( TPF ) .
To this day , the transaction format used by airlines everywhere is based on ACS ' half - century - old protocol .
It is n't the format that has needed evolution , but rather the software that runs it ; and IBM itself has been the key innovator here , developing a new class of software this decade called the Airlines Control System ( ALCS ) .
Originally seen as a mid-level alternative to a higher - class TPF system for smaller airlines that could n't afford big iron , ALCS -- a TPF emulator -- now runs on bigger iron , thanks to the evolution in hardware as well .
Air New Zealand was one of ALCS ' biggest customer wins in August 2002 .
Up to now , the airline has been one of ALCS ' more active supporters , contributing a big chunk of new requirements for the software 's latest version , according to literature from the UK - based ALCS User Group .
At this point , Air New Zealand may have too much investment tied up in the software to be in any position to migrate its applications to an IBM competitor -- if there even really is one in this field .
But the airline 's problem may not be with so much with the software but with its current host .
According to an ANZ group general manager cited in local radio news reports , the offline incident was traced to a single generator failure at IBM's Newton Data Center in Auckland .
Usually data centers have redundant power sources , and normally the Newton center would not be an exception .
An August 2008 article in Data Center Journal by the designer of new energy - efficient data center power generators with redundant sourcing , specifically mentioned the Auckland center as one of his customers at that time .
" I 've seen numerous references recently to reducing the amount of redundancy as a way to achieve higher energy efficiency , " wrote engineer Ron Hughes , president of California - based Data Center Design Group , referring to his Auckland data center project .
" While I have no doubt that it is true , it may not be in the long term interest of the client .
Data center outages can be career changing events .
That extra redundancy may be the difference between a component failure with little impact and a system - wide outage . "
Current ANZ CIO Julia Raue has been overseeing an innovative new information systems project at her airline , which has involved the creation of customizable self - serve ticketing kiosks , which customers themselves can change online using selectable widgets to suit their airport demands .
In an interview with CIO Magazine last month , iGoogle was credited as a design inspiration for the self - serve system .
But the entire system revolves around the zSeries mainframe , whose uptime last week appeared to have revolved around a single faulty generator .
While CEO
Fyfe certainly has understandable reasons for wanting to abandon IBM , with his entire information strategy dependent on the move ANZ made in 2002 , he may not have many alternatives open .
Lots of people sending around this story of a secret cabal working to get the oil trade off the US Dollar .
The story seems to have engendered a lot of comment on the web ; the mysterious Web Bot Project has called for a financial crisis on Oct25 that could lead to a Dollar Crisis .
It apparently tracks web trends and attempts to make predictions .
I would n't take this prediction to the bank but if it is widely crawling the web it may be showing the level of chatter on the demise of the Dollar is high .
I find this waaaay overblown .
The cabal is not so secret and the timeline is not so fast ( 2018 , not tomorrow ) .
Mish does a good job of showing the impotence of the effort .
Foreign Policy writes a really good piece on how hard it would be to push the US out of its hegemony .
The global reserve currency falls into the lap of the dominant power , and it does not leave easily .
Even under the classic gold standard , it was the Bank of England that managed it , until 1914 .
After WWI the dominant power had moved to the US , and even then the global standard stayed in England .
When the gold standard resumed in 1925 , it was managed again by the Bank of England ; but it had to create a bastardized standard , a gold exchange standard , where the Pound was backed by the US Dollar and the gold in the US .
Only after WWII did the standard shift to the US , under Bretton Woods .
Even when the US broke with the Bretton Woods gold exchange standard , the USD has continued to reign supreme against attempts to replace it as the reserve currency .
Consider what is required to make the alternative work .
The secret story says it will be based on gold .
Now , a small amount of gold can go a long ways - global trade in 1913 was huge , and not matched until the mid-1990s .
( I know that may seem hard to believe , but things fell a long ways down due to WWI and then the Great Depression ) .
It was based on a 90 - day instrument called a Real Bill , backed by gold held in the Bank of England .
This Bills could be used to borrow against , and traded multiple times .
A merchant in England contracted for cotton in the US to be shipped to a plant in China to be manufactured and shipped back to a store in London .
The same , single Bill would be used at each step and often got traded or ' discounted ' over 20 times .
It all got cleared within 90 days and everyone paid off their debt - the many swaps down the chain simply paid off each other .
( If you play with the math you can see it works . )
As long as the balance of trade of the Bank of England was even , no net gold went in or out ; it simply got shuffled in the vault from one bin to another .
A small pile of gold could support a huge and growing trade system .
To make the new secret system work , the net gold flows in and out of whatever the bank or clearinghouse is have to balance .
In the classic gold system , exchange rates were fixed and nations had to adjust their trade policy to make sure gold did not run in or out .
Under a floating exchange system , the rates would adjust .
Now in both systems nations could try to cheat , and did , much as the mercantilist countries like China today keep their exchange rates low by holding excessive Dollar reserves .
So such a new system has to deal with the cheaters .
( If you list who is behind it , you find them likely to want to cheat ! )
Real Bills worked independently of such shenanigans .
They were an emergent property of capitalism , arising early - on in the Italian city states , and hence were a very resilient system .
Yet they died during WWI and have been largely lost to economic history .
Instead we have commercial paper and other short - term instruments to finance trade , and are beholden to the whims and fancies of the banking sector .
To remain in balance , the secret system would need to handle much more than just oil purchases ; it would have to set up some form of clearinghouse with relatively stable trade flows across a wide variety of trade .
This is very hard to pull off .
Perhaps if the cabal thinks it through , they will establish in effect a clearinghouse for a new form of Real Bill , and use it for only half of what banks do : the commercial supply chain trade , not investment or venture finance .
The central authority might be called a bank but would function more like a clearinghouse .
As an aside , a lot of people do not appreciate the power of the Real Bill system .
The Federal Reserve when created in 1913 was supposed to be a Real Bill clearinghouse .
WWI threw a monkey wrench into that .
The Austrians never got Real Bills , and have called for a 100 % reserve banking system .
This would be an utter disaster .
Even the normally astute Mish went into a recent rant about fractional reserve banking being fraud .
He got seriously slapped down by Karl Denninger 's rebuttal .
A 100 % reserve system would lack sufficient capital to grow ; fractional reserves are a marvelous way to leverage a small amount of cash - on - hand .
Anyone serious about changing the global financial system must separate the trade finance system of the Real Bill ( or its modern equivalent of commercial paper .
factoring and A /R finance ) from the investment system of bank loans , private equity and venture capital .
A banking or trade system backed by real stuff ( houses , cars , goods - in - transit ) does not need to have much in the way of reserves , since the financed properties themselves are collateral .
While hard to pull off , it is not impossible for the USD to be replaced .
Mish is too sanguine on this as well in his first article linked above , under - estimating the benefit for the US to power the oil trade .
Other nations need to hold excessive Dollar reserves to finance the oil trade , and cannot easily convert out of it without impacting the value of the USD itself or of their own home currency .
The US gets the benefit of seigniorage , and can run trade deficits much longer than possible under the classic gold standard .
I have a bet that by 2020 the US Dollar will be replaced or supplemented by some form of gold - backed reserve .
It would take a much more serious Dollar Crisis to get there than anything going on right now , but if you look at the long term chart of the US Debt ( see chart from CBO ) you will see it is complete fantasy that the US can continue with the current policies - and this chart is from late 2008 ; the picture is much worse today .
At some point we will face a huge Day of Reckoning .
My 2020 bet looked far off when I made it a couple of years ago .. we shall see if it is far enough out .
The US can continue for a while with increasing deficits .
Right now we are deleveraging faster than the Federal government is borrowing ; see second chart .
This is why we are in a fundamentally deflationary environment .
And why the Dollar Demise is not imminent , nor is a new gold standard somehow imposed from our trading partners .
Lie Theory and Special Functions
by Willard Miller
Academic Press , New York , 1968 ( out of print )
PDF files
An economic recovery seems to have begun , and Federal Reserve officials are thinking mostly these days about how to unwind the unprecedented stimulus they 've pumped into the economy .
Eventually that will mean raising interest rates .
What will a Fed tightening cycle look like ?
When will it begin ?
Fed officials do n't have answers to either question yet , and investors would be wrong to think they do .
But the contours of what a rate - boost cycle could look like are beginning to come into focus as the Fed 's next policy meeting approaches Tuesday and Wednesday .
Three points emerge : First , an internal debate on tightening policy and how to communicate that to the market is only just beginning , and most officials do n't believe the economy is near healthy enough yet to move toward tightening .
Second , do n't count on a tightening cycle to look like the last one .
And third , the behavior of financial markets could take on added importance this time .
In the weeks ahead , officials are likely to begin elaborating on the economic outlook and speaking more directly about how that will affect their decisions about interest rates .
Fed Vice Chairman Donald Kohn took a step in that direction in a late September speech , in which he pointed to how hard it will be to fill in the blanks for investors .
" I cannot give you a small list of variables that will trigger an exit , " he said .
" As always , our forecasts will use all available sources of information .
And I can't predict how rapidly we will have to raise short - term interest rates from around zero or remove other forms of accommodation ; that too depends on how the economy seems to be recovering and the outlook for inflation . "
By Dave Lindorff
Most Americans are blissfully in the dark about it , but across the Atlantic in the UK , a commission reluctantly established by Prime Minister Gordon Brown under pressure from anti-war activists in Britain is beginning hearings into the actions and statements of British leaders that led to the country 's joining the US invasion of Iraq in 2003 .
Even before testimony began in hearings that started yesterday , news began to leak out from documents obtained by the commission that the government of former PM Tony Blair had lied to Parliament and the public about the country 's involvement in war planning .
Britain's Telegraph newspaper over the weekend published documents from British military leaders , including a memo from British special forces head Maj.
Gen. Graeme Lamb , saying that he had been instructed to begin " working the war up since early 2002 . "
This means that Blair , who in July 2002 , had assured members of a House of Commons committee that there were " no preparations to invade Iraq , " was lying .
Things are likely to heat up when the commission begins hearing testimony .
It has the power , and intends to compel testimony from top government officials , including Blair himself .
While some American newspapers , including the Philadelphia Inquirer , have run an Associated Press report on the new disclosures and on the commission , key news organizations , including the New York Times , have not .
The Times ignored the Telegraph report , but a day later ran an article about the British commission that focused entirely on evidence that British military leaders in Iraq felt " slighted " by " arrogant " American military leaders who , the article reported , pushed for aggressive military action against insurgent groups , while British leaders preferred negotiating with them .
While that may be of some historical interest , it hardly compares with the evidence that Blair and the Bush / Cheney administration were secretly conspiring to invade Iraq as early as February and March 2002 .
Recall that back in the fall of 2002 , the Bush / Cheney argument to Congress and the American people for initiating a war against Iraq was that Iraq was allegedly behind the 9 - 11 attacks and that it posed an " imminent " danger of attack against the US and Britain with its alleged weapons of mass destruction .
Of course , such arguments , which have subsequently been shown to have been bogus , would have had no merit if the planning began a year earlier , and if no such urgency was expressed by the two leaders at that time .
Imminent , after all , means imminent , and if Blair , Bush and Cheney had genuinely thought an attack with WMDs was imminent back in the early days of the Bush administration , they would have been acting immediately , not secretly conjuring up a war scheduled for a year later .
( The actual invasion began on March 19 , 2003 ) .
As I documented in my book , The Case for Impeachment ( St. Martin 's Press , 2006 ) , there is plenty of evidence that Bush and Cheney had a scheme to put the US at war with Iraq even before Bush took office on Jan. 20 , 2001 .
Then Treasury Secretary Paul O'Neill in his own tell - all book , The Price of Loyalty , written after he was dumped from the Bush Administration , recounts that at the first meeting of Bush 's new National Security Council , the question of going to war and ousting Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein was on the agenda .
Immediately after the 9 - 11 attacks , NSC anti-terrorism program czar Richard Clarke also recalled Bush ordering him to " find a link " to Iraq .
Meanwhile , within days , Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld was ordering top generals to prepare for an Iraq invasion .
Gen. Tommy Franks , who was heading up the military effort in Afghanistan that was reportedly closing in on Osama Bin Laden , found the rug being pulled out from under him as Rumsfeld began shifting troops out of Afghanistan and to Kuwait in preparation for the new war .
It is nothing less than astonishing that so little news of the British investigation into the origins of the illegal Iraq War is being conveyed to Americans by this country 's corporate media�yet another example demonstrating that American journalism is dead or dying .
It is even more astonishing that neither the Congress nor the president here in America is making any similar effort to put America 's leaders in the dock to tell the truth about their machinations in engineering a war that has cost the US over $ 1 trillion ( perhaps $ 3 trillion eventually when debt payments and the cost of veterans care is added in ) , and over 4000 lives , not to mention as many as one million innocent Iraqi lives .
__________________
DAVE LINDORFF is a Philadelphia - based journalist .
His latest book is " The Case for Impeachment " ( St. Martin's Press , 2006 ) .
His work is available at www.thiscantbehappening.net
Alex Brandon / Associated Press
Thousands of opponents of the Democrats ’ health care legislation are gathered outside the Capitol , for a noon news conference and rally led by Representative Michele Bachmann , Republican of Minnesota , and the chants are already under way , echoing across the Mall .
“ Kill the bill ! ” they are shouting .
“ Kill the bill ! ”
A series of spot interviews suggests that the protesters have come to Washington from all across the country – Texas , Ohio , Oregon and the greater Washington area .
It ’s a generally older crowd , many in their 50s and 60s , predominantly , white , and many self - identified as Christians .
They are fiercely conservative and deeply skeptical of the government , many of them adamantly opposed to abortion rights .
“ The government could n’t even get the shots out , ” said Karen Ambrose of Sunbury , Ohio , ridiculing the government ’s efforts to vaccinate people for the H1N1 flu as an example of what government - run health care would look like .
“ Let ’s just get the government out of all this . ”
The crowd is waving signs , some predictable , others inventive .
“ No Socialistic Health Care . ” “ Sweeping Away Socialism One Democrat at a Time . ” “ Politicians Lie , Patients Die ”
“ You lie ! ”
“ All lies ”
Jerry Hershberger , a market representative for an automotive company from Flower Mound , Tex. , said he flew up just to protest the health care bill .
“ A little expense now compared to a lot of expense later , ” he said , explaining why the cost of the trip was worth it to him .
Kris Connor / Getty Images
Mr. Hershberger , like many of the demonstrators , repeated some of the most common conservative and Republican talking points heard repeatedly on Fox News .
“ It ’s not bipartisan , ” he said , standing outside the Capitol wearing a Texas Longhorns baseball cap .
“ They are doing it behind closed doors . ”
He added : “ It ’s going to drive us into a super - deficit . ”
Mr. Hershberger , who has health insurance through his employer , said that he believed some changes were needed to the health care system , but that Democrats were going about the process all wrong .
“ Scrap all this , start from the beginning , bring in the conservatives , the Republicans and the Democrats and see what we need to do to care for the 12 to 14 million people who really need insurance . ”
Asked what he thought about the three - month effort by Senator Max Baucus , Democrat of Montana , work with Republicans on the Senate Finance Committee to draft a bipartisan bill , Mr. Hershberger dismissed it , saying the resulting legislation proved the process had failed .
“ It does n’t reflect what we want , ” he said .
“ Can you hear us now ? ” the crowd chanted behind him .
Mr. Hershberger said he was hoping to make a difference .
“ I literally got off my butt yesterday , ” he said .
“ We might have an impact .
A politician ca n’t be a politician if they get voted out of office . ”
Many of the demonstrators , like Judith Garloch of Newark , Ohio , said they were opposed to an increasing government role in the health care .
Many said they feared cuts to the Medicare program for Americans 65 and over .
Many described themselves as conservative and opposed to higher taxes .
“ We support our country and we ’re patriots , ” Ms. Garloch said .
“ And I do n’t want my health care to be changed . ”
Ms. Garloch , who has a combination of Medicare and private coverage , said insurance should be sold across state lines to increase competition .
But Ms. Garloch , like many in the crowd who while visibly angry .
could not articulate the main problems in the health care system or how they should be solved .
Some of the same people warning of too much government spending also complained that Medicare does not provide sufficient coverage .
Ms. Garloch dismissed suggestions that some hospitals , like the Cleveland Clinic in her home state , had figured out ways to provide higher - quality medical outcomes at lower cost , indicating that there might be ways to cut costs without sacrificing patient care .
Her brother - in - law worked at the Cleveland Clinic for several years .
“ There ’s a lot of bureaucracy there , ” she said .
“ You do n’t get everything you want . ”
As for how to fix the health care system , she said “ I think we need to fix what ’s wrong now – I think we need to put a cap on the malpractice lawsuits .
I just ca n’t see how adding more things , power to the government is going to help anything . ”
Nearby , Representative Virginia Foxx , Republican of North Carolina , who recently said the Democrats ’ health care legislation was more frightening to her than terrorists , worked the crowd , shaking hands and offering warm greetings .
It is a clear fall day , with a crisp breeze .
Alan R. Davis , of Chillicothe , Ohio , said he had a professional background in health care finance , and was attending the protest because of his deep concerns about that nation ’s staggering debt .
“ The country is going broke , ” he said .
As for controlling medical costs , Mr. Davis did not have any ready solutions .
He said that last December , his wife , Jennifer , had a heart transplant at the Cleveland Clinic .
But he said he had no idea what it had cost .
Her insurance coverage has an annual deductible of $ 4,000 .
After that , he said , everything was covered “ 100 percent . ”
Mr. Davis said he did not trust Democrats ’ assertions that the health care bill would be deficit neutral .
“ Whether it ’s deficit neutral at this stage is someone ’s guess , it ’s an educated guess , ” he said .
Mr. Davis said Americans needed to think more about the quality of life , rather than the length of life .
He said that he and his wife had just such a discussion before she went forward with her heart transplant , at age 55 .
Art Scevola , a financial consultant from Portland , Ore. , said that he felt a mission to come to Washington .
“ It ’s time to make a stand , ” he said .
“ We want to see limited government , not more taxes put in our face .
We do n’t believe our health care system entirely broken .
We need to slow down , stop and start over with this legislation . ”
Mr. Scevola said that he had health insurance through his employer .
“ Kaiser Permanente , ” he said proudly .
“ They are the best on the West Coast . ”
You have to see this to believe it !
In this Korean Baseball video , the pitcher hits the batter , but it ’s what happens next that will surprise you !
This is the strangest thing I have ever seen in a baseball game .
In the early years Anno Domini a popular and defining entertainment in the cities of the Roman empire , the highest point of human civilization obtained to that time , was the gladiatorial contest : men killed animals , animals killed men , men killed men , all under the enthusiastic eye of a certain segment of Roman society .
Every city of any size had its venue .
How are we to understand this ?
Heartless , bloodthirsty people with no moral compass ?
Bored , diminished people with no interests beyond the most immediate and dramatic sensations ?
A deeply divided and class based society in which some humans were considered human and others were rejected from the human family ?
A society that valued on the basis of some artifice and not the living condition ?
I remember the shock that attended my first learning of gladiators ; not the moment itself ( most likely associated with a Hollywood film ) , but the sensation of disbelief laid over by the certainty of actuality ; an incomprehensible abyss separating two clearly true and incompatible things .
It is a sensation that has revisited me many times and that is as poignant today as at its first occurrence .
‘ There must have been something wrong with the Roman people , with their leaders and societal trendsetters . ’
This was as far as my thinking went for many years .
The details of a world in which slavery was common place ; where war was conducted ‘ man on man ’ from arm - length distances with knives ; where the elite did n’t do any work other than to manage their social relations and wealth ; a supporting caste saw to the delivery and distribution of goods and services ; and a vast population of poor supplied the muscle and struggled with daily survival needs ; this was all foreign to my small town experience and formal education about the rights and plights of humanity .
Understanding that place and time has become more and more important as my own immediate society begins to look more and more like the Roman society that I could not comprehend as a child ( not only the Romans , they just stand as the pinnacle example ) .
I am not making the facile comparisons of real gladiators with the WWF or wage slavery with the indentured slavery of Rome .
It is rather a whole set of designs and behaviors adapted to our time and technologies : it is a descent into meanness of spirit and narrowness of vision ; it is about easy fear and easy escape from fear ; it is about all the normal and expected human behaviors made bigger and more concentrated than a society can stand .
Rome is only a metaphor .
I do n’t really care about Rome .
It is now , yesterday and tomorrow that I care about .
“ Think of the children ” is not trite .
If you believe this trite and simple minded , then I would happily remove your head with a short sword .
The people of Rome were not thinking of the children .
The elite made their children into monsters .
We are making our children into monsters ; because children will be made into the image of their society .
The children , in their biological wisdom fight back until they are ultimately overwhelmed with materialism and the incomprehensible abyss ; they do give up .
Giving up means that the human body and mind are distorted into some , primarily , economic form and are left to express what is left of their humanness in twisted and destructive ways like depression , obsession with powerful biological drives and ( mostly ) passive violence .
In Rome the people had each other .
In today ’s world we have media .
Nothing of consequence was delivered into the homes of the Roman citizen , and so they had to come out .
There was money to be made by giving them a place to go .
For our world there is money to be made , vastly more , by delivering into the home something to do .
This changes things .
I believe that the concentrating effect of mass activities led to the bloody arena , but it was forces like those that we experience today that supplied the push .
We are able , today , to design and deliver all manner of distraction .
While Rome did have pictures , it did not have moving ones .
Movement requires real bodies ; real bodies in real movement bleed real blood .
We might be a very long time away from real killing as public entertainment , but we are fully in the world of the twisted .
Our media , be it information media or the distracting media , is filled with images of power ; power abused , power used , power vastly more accessible than it is in our daily lives : it is in the gun , it is in the martial artist , it is in the wealthy , it is in the supernaturally stimulated , it is in the ruthless and the mad .
And it is to power which we , like remora , wish to attach ourselves no matter how tenuously .
A design begins to reveal itself .
As the people feel power in their own lives they do not support and sustain the power of their leaders , but rather expect them to function as organizers and suppliers of the services of governance .
As the people feel less and less power the more they grow the image of power in others to whom they may attach in some fashion – primarily that of believing the powerful to be representatives of their needs and safety .
This draws out the most distorted of behaviors the way a poultice is supposed to draw out the puss from a sore .
The individuals drawn to power over others are never those who can be trusted with such power .
Some people will accept the need to take on a responsibility , but to actively seek authority over other human beings is a pathology rather than a vocation .
In a world where everyone has personal power in their own lives sufficient to see themselves as in charge of their destiny , those who seek more power must simply serve to attain some sense of authority ; and they will always be ‘ brought up short ’ by their community when they overstep ( which they will do consistently ) .
If the people become less personally powerful , due to some perturbation in their world , an opening is made for the power - hungry to begin the process described above .
And such perturbations always come .
So it is that human societies have cycled through egalitarian and despotic governance .
Despotism will , like a bad parasite , kill its host , the people will be thrown back onto their own resources and , in being personally powerful again , require governance that supports the community and not just the interests of the leadership .
Another dynamic is that the power - hungry are certain to come to an understanding of the role of distributed personal power in their quest for power over others .
Since it is to their advantage to reduce both the real power ( difficult ) and the perceived power ( much easier ) of the people , ‘ those who would be King ’ make such reduction a major goal .
They are supported in that effort by all the parts of the society that are disbenefited by empowered , self - possessed individual citizens .
From here we can return to Rome , to the Coliseum , to the cheap seats , to the psychological needs and state of a people without sufficient power to control their lives .
No one person or group of people conspired to create a stadium , a city , an empire full of people whose dependencies reduced their personal power to such a low point that the most basic needs for security and safety sought a source of power outside of themselves .
It was the combination of population growth , economic growth and design , rapid social change exacerbated by the very process of empire ; and the release of the power - hungry ( amplified by the systemic real powerlessness of a society out of control ) to dominate others .
It was not the blood on lascivio agri that drew the Romans to the stadiums ; it was the hole in their souls , hollows left by the loss of their immediate and daily capacity to be in charge of their own life experience .
It is not the mature pleasure in CSI , NCIS , Law and Order , The Terminator , Batman and the others in the endless string of blood sport “ entertainments ” that fills the couches and the lazy - boys in isolated living rooms across the nation ; it is the holes in our souls .
I think of the prescient observers of the decline of their Rome looking desperately for some salvation , something to change the course of events .
Eventually even they must have said , “ Let ’s just get this over with . ”
Our situation today is different in a number of regards .
One is the desperation of facing a biological limit for all of our actions , but another is that the tools of our distractions have the potential to communicate rapidly and clearly with huge numbers of people .
Our direction is actually changeable .
The Great Many have been diminished in their sense of power , even as they still retain real power if they could recognize their own best self - interests and organize around them .
And the dangers are not 100 years , 300 years in the future : the barbarians are at the gates in the form of ecological collapse .
Those “ leaders ” who refuse to see the immediacy of our dangers are , everyone , benefited in the moment by that refusal .
The acquired ‘ helplessness ’ of the Great Many must be recognized for the terrible , perhaps insurmountable , problem that it is and must be given the deepest consideration , but assuming that it is addressable :
The present world is not Rome , but has come to its own and new place driven by the same human forces .
Getting it wrong this time will not simply lead to the rise of Constantinople and the empires of a new Middle East , but will shock the biosphere and change all of life on earth .
Unix and Object - Oriented Languages
Since the mid-1980s most new language designs have included native support for object - oriented programming ( OO ) .
Recall that in object - oriented programming , the functions that act on a particular data structure are encapsulated with the data in an object that can be treated as a unit .
By contrast , modules in non-OO languages make the association between data and the functions that act on it rather accidental , and modules frequently leak data or bits of their internals into each other .
The OO design concept initially proved valuable in the design of graphics systems , graphical user interfaces , and certain kinds of simulation .
To the surprise and gradual disillusionment of many , it has proven difficult to demonstrate significant benefits of OO outside those areas .
It 's worth trying to understand why .
There is some tension and conflict between the Unix tradition of modularity and the usage patterns that have developed around OO languages .
Unix programmers have always tended to be a bit more skeptical about OO than their counterparts elsewhere .
Part of this is because of the Rule of Diversity ; OO has far too often been promoted as the One True Solution to the software - complexity problem .
But there is something else behind it as well , an issue which is worth exploring as background before we evaluate specific OO ( object - oriented ) languages in Chapter 14 .
It will also help throw some characteristics of the Unix style of non-OO programming into sharper relief .
We observed above that the Unix tradition of modularity is one of thin glue , a minimalist approach with few layers of abstraction between the hardware and the top - level objects of a program .
Part of this is the influence of C .
It takes serious effort to simulate true objects in C .
Because that 's so , piling up abstraction layers is an exhausting thing to do .
Thus , object hierarchies in C tend to be relatively flat and transparent .
Even when Unix programmers use other languages , they tend to want to carry over the thin - glue / shallow - layering style that Unix models have taught them .
OO languages make abstraction easy — perhaps too easy .
They encourage architectures with thick glue and elaborate layers .
This can be good when the problem domain is truly complex and demands a lot of abstraction , but it can backfire badly if coders end up doing simple things in complex ways just because they can .
All OO languages show some tendency to suck programmers into the trap of excessive layering .
Object frameworks and object browsers are not a substitute for good design or documentation , but they often get treated as one .
Too many layers destroy transparency :
It becomes too difficult to see down through them and mentally model what the code is actually doing .
The Rules of Simplicity , Clarity , and Transparency get violated wholesale , and the result is code full of obscure bugs and continuing maintenance problems .
This tendency is probably exacerbated because a lot of programming courses teach thick layering as a way to satisfy the Rule of Representation .
In this view , having lots of classes is equated with embedding knowledge in your data .
The problem with this is that too often , the ‘ smart data ’ in the glue layers is not actually about any natural entity in whatever the program is manipulating — it 's just about being glue .
( One sure sign of this is a proliferation of abstract subclasses or ‘ mixins ’ . )
Another side effect of OO abstraction is that opportunities for optimization tend to disappear .
For example , a + a + a + a can become a * 4 and even a << 2 if a is an integer .
But if one creates a class with operators , there is nothing to indicate if they are commutative , distributive , or associative .
Since one is n't supposed to look inside the object , it 's not possible to know which of two equivalent expressions is more efficient .
This is n't in itself a good reason to avoid using OO techniques on new projects ; that would be premature optimization .
But it is reason to think twice before transforming non-OO code into a class hierarchy .
Unix programmers tend to share an instinctive sense of these problems .
This tendency appears to be one of the reasons that , under Unix , OO languages have failed to displace non-OO workhorses like C , Perl ( which actually has OO facilities , but they 're not heavily used ) , and shell .
There is more vocal criticism of OO in the Unix world than orthodoxy permits elsewhere ;
Unix programmers know when not to use OO ; and when they do use OO languages , they spend more effort on trying to keep their object designs uncluttered .
As the author of The Elements of Networking Style once observed in a slightly different context [ Padlipsky ] : “ If you know what you 're doing , three layers is enough ; if you do n't , even seventeen levels wo n't help ” .
One reason that OO has succeeded most where it has ( GUIs , simulation , graphics ) may be because it 's relatively difficult to get the ontology of types wrong in those domains .
In GUIs and graphics , for example , there is generally a rather natural mapping between manipulable visual objects and classes .
If you find yourself proliferating classes that have no obvious mapping to what goes on in the display , it is correspondingly easy to notice that the glue has gotten too thick .
One of the central challenges of design in the Unix style is how to combine the virtue of detachment ( simplifying and generalizing problems from their original context ) with the virtue of thin glue and shallow , flat , transparent hierarchies of code and design .
We 'll return to some of these points and apply them when we discuss object - oriented languages in Chapter 14 .
Jon Bon Jovi and Gwen Stefani are following in Taylor Swift 's sports - bar - crushing footsteps -- because the two pop stars are also suing a hometown drinking establishment for allegedly jacking their music .
According to a lawsuit filed in Minnesota last month , several of Gwen and Bon Jovi 's compositions were publicly performed at Sally 's Saloon & Eatery -- and they claim the bar never got the licensing it needed .
Now Bon Jovi , Gwen , and all the other people who own copyrights to their music want the bar to pay damages ... and stop playing their songs .
This could be a crushing blow to the local watering hole -- because as we all know , a bar without Bon Jovi's " Livin ' on a Prayer " is like a bird without wings .
The Guardian 's editor said the decision was a victory for free speech A law firm has abandoned a bid to prevent the British press from reporting proceedings in Parliament .
Carter - Ruck had tried to stop the media revealing that a Labour MP had tabled a question relating to oil - trading firm Trafigura and Ivory Coast toxic waste .
Paul Farrelly asked about an injunction stopping the publication of the Minton report into the waste issue .
Carter - Ruck argued an order stopping the media revealing this injunction also applied to Parliamentary reports .
The Guardian newspaper had been due to challenge the order in court later on Tuesday .
However , Carter - Ruck relented , allowing media to reveal that there is an injunction in place blocking the publication of the report , which was commissioned by Trafigura .
In the anarchic , anything - goes world of the internet , where freedom of speech is a frequently heard rallying cry , injunctions banning publication of anything are unpopular .
This one seems to have acted like a red rag to a bull
Nick Higham , BBC News
When is a secret not a secret ?
Their decision came after the widespread publication of details of Mr Farrelly 's question on internet blogs and the micro-blogging site Twitter .
However , the injunction on reporting the contents of the Minton report remains in place .
Mr Farrelly , who initially tabled the question to Justice Secretary Jack Straw , told the House of Commons that Trafigura had behaved " quite astonishingly " in seeking to prevent the reporting of parliamentary proceedings .
Responding to the decision , the Guardian 's editor , Alan Rusbridger , said it was a " great victory for free speech " .
Press freedom Mr Farrelly 's question was on the effects of injunctions on whistleblowers and press freedom in general .
The full text of Mr Farrelly 's question is : " To ask the Secretary of State for Justice what assessment he has made of the effectiveness of legislation to protect ( a ) whistleblowers and ( b ) press freedom following the injunctions obtained in the High Court by ( i ) Barclays and Freshfields solicitors on 19 March 2009 on the publication of internal Barclays reports documenting alleged tax avoidance schemes and ( ii ) Trafigura and Carter - Ruck solicitors on 11 September 2009 on the publication of the Minton report on the alleged dumping of toxic waste in the Ivory Coast , commissioned by Trafigura . "
Despite the question being on Monday 's Commons ' order paper and on the Parliamentary website , the Guardian reported on Tuesday that it had been banned from reporting which MP asked the question , who the minister was , and why the gagging order was imposed .
Mr Rusbridger had said media laws were " doubly menacing " when applied to reporting of proceedings of Parliament - usually covered by qualified privilege .
This gives some legal protection when reporting statements which might otherwise be considered defamatory .
The injunction on reporting parliamentary proceedings appeared to call into question privileges guaranteeing free speech which were established in the 1688 Bill of Rights .
It also prompted calls for a parliamentary debate on press freedom .
In the Commons , Mr Farrelly raised the issue on a point of order , saying it must be of " some concern " to the House .
Newsnight will report on this case and the prevalence of media laws being used by large companies to restrict information on Tuesday 13 October 2009 at 10.30 pm on BBC Two .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Video : Would a dashboard robot make you a better driver ?
You might think a robotic head mounted on the dashboard of your car would be a distraction .
But car maker Audi and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology think it will actually provide less jarring directions than a standard satnav – because it will be sensitive to your moods and habits .
More WALL•E than KITT , the Affective Intelligent Driving Agent , or AIDA , has a rounded wedge - shaped head sitting on top of a five - jointed “ neck ” .
A laser projector the size of a deck of cards is mounted inside the head and projects colour graphics to create expressions on its “ face ” .
According to Mikey Siegel , part of a team at the MIT Media Lab collaborating with Audi to design AIDA , the versatile neck and face allow the robot to make a wide range of human - like gestures that can send subtle signals to the driver .
A downturned face with pleading eyes , for example , indicates that AIDA is “ worried ” because the driver has failed to buckle the safety belt .
Road rage
Existing cars communicate the same reminder via a buzzer that is designed to be annoying .
“ That ’s the worst possible way to get a person to do something , ” says Siegel .
The hope is that with AIDA a driver will buckle up to avoid making the car “ feel bad ” .
Advertisement
But AIDA is intended to do more than provide seatbelt reminders .
It uses sensors inside and outside the car to pick up clues about the driver ’s state of mind : grip strength and skin- conductivity sensors in the steering wheel , for example , tell the robot when the driver is tense .
AIDA also uses GPS logs of a driver ’s travels to learn favourite locations and suggest better routes .
But the way it will communicate such suggestions is a matter for more research .
“ I would be annoyed out of my mind if there was this nagging thing in the car with me , ” says Siegel .
“ The whole point is to figure out a better way for the car to communicate with the driver . ”
Social engineering
Gilly Leshed a researcher at Cornell University in Ithaca , New York , who is not involved with AIDA , has studied how people interact with devices such as GPS units inside their cars .
She thinks that having a robotic head on the dashboard will change in - car social dynamics .
“ It ’s not just sitting in the back , it ’s sitting in a very dominant , active place in the car , ” says Leshed .
“ It ’s going to change the different roles and responsibilities for each person who rides in the car . ”
Just as we each respond to others differently , individual drivers are expected to form different relationships with AIDA .
The concept appears to be catching on .
Both car maker Nissan and electronics - for - entertainment company Pioneer are also working on dash - mounted robotic sidekicks .
Ultimately , Siegel hopes these robots will feel more like passengers than gadgets .
“ Having a passenger in the car is not considered unsafe , but checking text messages is very unsafe , ” he says .
Research has shown that drivers are actually safer with someone else in the car .
Siegel hopes that he and his colleagues can make AIDA more like an understanding companion than a gadget oblivious to when it is a bad time to interrupt .
“ It ’ll be subtle , ” he says .
“ That ’s the whole point . ”
John Brennan to Lead White House Investigation of What U.S. Intelligence Knew About Fort Hood Suspect
Created : November 12 , 2009 12:55 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
Just released by the White House press office , a memorandum from President Obama .
His top intelligence / counterterrorism / homeland security adviser at the White House , former CIA official John Brennan , will direct an investigation that will wrap up at the end of the month to determine what U.S. intelligence knew about “ warning signs ” from alleged Fort Hood shooter Nidal Malik Hasan .
On November 6 , 2009 , I directed that an immediate inventory be conducted of all intelligence in U.S. Government files that existed prior to November 6 , 2009 , relevant to the tragic shooting at Fort Hood , Texas , especially anything having to do with the alleged shooter , Major Nidal Malik Hasan , U.S. Army .
In addition , I directed an immediate review be initiated to determine how any such intelligence was handled , shared , and acted upon within individual departments and agencies and what intelligence was shared with others .
This inventory and review shall be conducted in a manner that does not interfere with the ongoing criminal investigations of the Fort Hood shooting .
The results of this inventory and review , as well as any recommendations for improvements to procedures and practices , shall be provided to John Brennan , Assistant to the President for Homeland Security and Counterterrorism , who will serve as the principal point of contact on this matter for the White House .
Preliminary results of this review shall be provided by November 30 , 2009 .
Whether these were warning signs or false positives will be Brennan ’s apparent purview .
It certainly seems like an antidote to the drip - drip of press accounts about alleged mishandling of Hasan ’s case .
( This essay first appeared in The Huffington Post .
Reprinted from The Washington Note )
Arianna Huffington asked me ( and a sizeable gaggle of her other pals ) to write something up for Thanksgiving .
What am I thankful for ?
What moves me on Thanksgiving ?
My significant other lets me know regularly how lucky we are to have our health , a couple of nice homes , jobs that pay reasonably well , friends and dogs who love us , family that we seem closer to each year , and causes that we are passionate about .
But he tells me this because I 'm not often thinking about how great or not things are close to home .
I know that there are many on the jobless rolls right now - and I think about them a lot .
I know there are folks losing their homes and it really frustrates me to read in contrast about Wall Street 's recent huge rebound .
I know there are lonely people - with no connections to their communities , families , and without friends .
I know a lot of sick people with marginal or no health care .
I can't stop thinking about these down trends from the American good life - and I worry about the macro challenges facing the country , our political system , and our new and fascinating President .
I am grateful that we have Barack Obama in the White House - because he has changed the face of the nation - and altered forever the horizon of what is possible for Americans who do n't have the Anglo - Saxon cosmetic veneer that every US President before Barack Obama possessed .
I also am grateful for Obama 's invitation for debate and fair - minded criticism .
His decision to bring in policy practitioners who have divergent views from one another , his embrace of heterodoxy , and the manner in which these conflicts come right up to his desk reflect a profound self - confidence in our young President .
Obama 's embrace of debate and political diversity can be both strength and weakness - but in the long run , it 's better to have debate than not in a time when the world is at a major punctuation point in history and when things tomorrow will be quite different than they were yesterday .
There are many things I 'm not happy about .
I 'm not happy about the policy choices of Obama 's economic team that have produced a Wall street bailout while banks still dither in their loans and small businesses still find an economic noose around their necks as they try to secure financing .
I do n't like how the administration has underperformed on job creation .
I 'm not happy that the tens of thousands of gay and lesbian soldiers in the Armed Forces and National Reserve still have to live a lie as they put themselves on the line for the security and welfare of all Americans of every brand and stripe .
The failure of the administration to secure a strategic leap out of the mess the Bush administration left in the Middle East and with Iran , Israel / Palestine , and Afghanistan is very worrisome .
But what a change in a few years .
It 's " safe " again to pose uncomfortable questions to the President of the United States and his team .
It is actually " patriotic " .
Barack Obama embraces this patriotism of those who challenge him and dissent from his core policy positions and decisions .
This is a stunning difference with the political world America has left behind .
Former Senator Chuck Hagel , who has become the co-chair of the President 's Intelligence Advisory Board and who was awarded two Purple Hearts for his service in Vietnam , is someone who during the George W. Bush administration had his patriotism questioned .
Vice President Cheney blasted Hagel for asking key questions about the solvency of thinking about the Iraq War and challenged his loyalty to President Bush , the Republican Party , and the nation .
This was outrageous - and indicated how deeply a climate of fear and vindictiveness had taken hold in and poisoned Washington as legislators on all sides of an issue fought over the course of public policy .
That is over .
There are ferocious debates today over health care , climate change , education policy , the budget and America 's long term fiscal position , over Afghanistan , Israel / Palestine , Iran , China , and economic policy .
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
For decades , policy makers have talked about significantly improving public education .
The problem has been clear : one - third of public school children fail to graduate , there are embarrassing achievement gaps between middle - class children and poor and minority children , and the gap between our students and those in other countries threatens to undermine our economic competitiveness .
Yet for the better part of a quarter century , urgent calls for change have seldom translated into improved public schools .
Now , however , President ...
The Necrosocial
Civic Life , Social Death , and the UC .
Occupied UC Berkeley , 18 November 2009 .
Being president of the University of California is like being manager of a cemetery : there are many people under you , but no one is listening .
UC President Mark Yudof
Capital is dead labor which , vampire - like , lives only by sucking living labor .
Karl Marx
Politics is death that lives a human life .
Achille Mbembe
Yes , very much a cemetery .
Only here there are no dirges , no prayers , only the repeated testing of our threshold for anxiety , humiliation , and debt .
The classroom just like the workplace just like the university just like the state just like the economy manages our social death , translating what we once knew from high school , from work , from our family life into academic parlance , into acceptable forms of social conflict .
Who knew that behind so much civic life ( electoral campaigns , student body representatives , bureaucratic administrators , public relations officials , Peace and Conflict Studies , ad nauseam ) was so much social death ?
What postures we maintain to claim representation , what limits we assume , what desires we dismiss ?
And in this moment of crisis they ask us to twist ourselves in a way that they can hear .
Petitions to Sacramento , phone calls to Congressmen — even the chancellor patronizingly congratulates our September 24th student strike , shaping the meaning and the force of the movement as a movement against the policies of Sacramento .
He expands his institutional authority to encompass the movement .
When students begin to hold libraries over night , beginning to take our first baby step as an autonomous movement he reins us in by serendipitously announcing library money .
He manages movement , he kills movement by funneling it into the electoral process .
He manages our social death .
He looks forward to these battles on his terrain , to eulogize a proposition , to win this or that — he and his look forward to exhausting us .
He and his look forward to a reproduction of the logic of representative governance , the release valve of the university plunges us into an abyss where ideas are wisps of ether — that is , meaning is ripped from action .
Let ’s talk about the fight endlessly , but always only in their managed form : to perpetually deliberate , the endless fleshing - out - of — when we push the boundaries of this form they are quick to reconfigure themselves to contain us : the chancellor ’s congratulations , the reopening of the libraries , the managed general assembly — there is no fight against the administration here , only its own extension .
Each day passes in this way , the administration on the look out to shape student discourse — it happens without pause , we do n’t notice nor do we care to .
It becomes banal , thoughtless .
So much so that we see we are accumulating days : one semester , two , how close to being this or that , how far ?
This accumulation is our shared history .
This accumulation — every once in a while interrupted , violated by a riot , a wild protest , unforgettable fucking , the overwhelming joy of love , life shattering heartbreak — is a muted , but desirous life .
A dead but restless and desirous life .
The university steals and homogenizes our time yes , our bank accounts also , but it also steals and homogenizes meaning .
As much as capital is invested in building a killing apparatus abroad , an incarceration apparatus in California , it is equally invested here in an apparatus for managing social death .
Social death is , of course , simply the power source , the generator , of civic life with its talk of reform , responsibility , unity .
A ‘ life , ’ then , which serves merely as the public relations mechanism for death : its garrulous slogans of freedom and democracy designed to obscure the shit and decay in which our feet are planted .
Yes , the university is a graveyard , but it is also a factory : a factory of meaning which produces civic life and at the same time produces social death .
A factory which produces the illusion that meaning and reality can be separated ; which everywhere reproduces the empty reactionary behavior of students based on the values of life ( identity ) , liberty ( electoral politics ) , and happiness ( private property ) .
Everywhere the same whimsical ideas of the future .
Everywhere democracy .
Everywhere discourse to shape our desires and distress in a way acceptable to the electoral state , discourse designed to make our very moments here together into a set of legible and fruitless demands .
Totally managed death .
A machine for administering death , for the proliferation of technologies of death .
As elsewhere , things rule .
Dead objects rule .
In this sense , it matters little what face one puts on the university — whether Yudof or some other lackey .
These are merely the personifications of the rule of the dead , the pools of investments , the buildings , the flows of materials into and out of the physical space of the university — each one the product of some exploitation — which seek to absorb more of our work , more tuition , more energy .
The university is a machine which wants to grow , to accumulate , to expand , to absorb more and more of the living into its peculiar and perverse machinery : high - tech research centers , new stadiums and office complexes .
And at this critical juncture the only way it can continue to grow is by more intense exploitation , higher tuition , austerity measures for the departments that fail to pass the test of ‘ relevancy . ’
But the ‘ irrelevant ’ departments also have their place .
With their ‘ pure ’ motives of knowledge for its own sake , they perpetuate the blind inertia of meaning ostensibly detached from its social context .
As the university cultivates its cozy relationship with capital , war and power , these discourses and research programs play their own role , co-opting and containing radical potential .
And so we attend lecture after lecture about how ‘ discourse ’ produces ‘ subjects , ’ ignoring the most obvious fact that we ourselves are produced by this discourse about discourse which leaves us believing that it is only words which matter , words about words which matter .
The university gladly permits the precautionary lectures on biopower ; on the production of race and gender ; on the reification and the fetishization of commodities .
A taste of the poison serves well to inoculate us against any confrontational radicalism .
And all the while power weaves the invisible nets which contain and neutralize all thought and action , that bind revolution inside books , lecture halls .
There is no need to speak truth to power when power already speaks the truth .
The university is a graveyard– así es .
The graveyard of liberal good intentions , of meritocracy , opportunity , equality , democracy .
Here the tradition of all dead generations weighs like a nightmare on the brain of the living .
We graft our flesh , our labor , our debt to the skeletons of this or that social cliché .
In seminars and lectures and essays , we pay tribute to the university ’s ghosts , the ghosts of all those it has excluded — the immiserated , the incarcerated , the just - plain - fucked .
They are summoned forth and banished by a few well - meaning phrases and research programs , given their book titles , their citations .
This is our gothic — we are so morbidly aware , we are so practiced at stomaching horror that the horror is thoughtless .
In this graveyard our actions will never touch , will never become the conduits of a movement , if we remain permanently barricaded within prescribed identity categories — our force will be dependent on the limited spaces of recognition built between us .
Here we are at odds with one another socially , each of us : students , faculty , staff , homebums , activists , police , chancellors , administrators , bureaucrats , investors , politicians , faculty / staff / homebums / activists / police / chancellors / administrators / bureaucrats / investors / politicians - to - be .
That is , we are students , or students of color , or queer students of color , or faculty , or Philosophy Faculty , or Gender and Women Studies faculty , or we are custodians , or we are shift leaders — each with our own office , place , time , and given meaning .
We form teams , clubs , fraternities , majors , departments , schools , unions , ideologies , identities , and subcultures — and thankfully each group gets its own designated burial plot .
Who does n’t participate in this graveyard ?
In the university we prostrate ourselves before a value of separation , which in reality translates to a value of domination .
We spend money and energy trying to convince ourselves we ’re brighter than everyone else .
Somehow , we think , we possess some trait that means we deserve more than everyone else .
We have measured ourselves and we have measured others .
It should never feel terrible ordering others around , right ?
It should never feel terrible to diagnose people as an expert , manage them as a bureaucrat , test them as a professor , extract value from their capital as a businessman .
It should feel good , gratifying , completing .
It is our private wet dream for the future ; everywhere , in everyone this same dream of domination .
After all , we are intelligent , studious , young .
We worked hard to be here , we deserve this .
We are convinced , owned , broken .
We know their values better than they do : life , liberty , the pursuit of happiness .
This triumvirate of sacred values are ours of course , and in this moment of practiced theater — the fight between the university and its own students — we have used their words on their stages :
Save public education !
When those values are violated by the very institutions which are created to protect them , the veneer fades , the tired set collapses : and we call it injustice , we get indignant .
We demand justice from them , for them to adhere to their values .
What many have learned again and again is that these institutions do n’t care for those values , not at all , not for all .
And we are only beginning to understand that those values are not even our own .
The values create popular images and ideals ( healthcare , democracy , equality , happiness , individuality , pulling yourself up by your bootstraps , public education ) while they mean in practice the selling of commodified identities , the state ’s monopoly on violence , the expansion of markets and capital accumulation , the rule of property , the rule of exclusions based on race , gender , class , and domination and humiliation in general .
They sell the practice through the image .
We ’re taught we ’ll live the images once we accept the practice .
In this crisis the Chancellors and Presidents , the Regents and the British Petroleums , the politicians and the managers , they all intend to be true to their values and capitalize on the university economically and socially — which is to say , nothing has changed , it is only an escalation , a provocation .
Their most recent attempt to reorganize wealth and capital is called a crisis so that we are more willing to accept their new terms as well as what was always dead in the university , to see just how dead we are willing to play , how non-existent , how compliant , how desirous .
Every institution has of course our best interest in mind , so much so that we ’re willing to pay , to enter debt contracts , to strike a submissive pose in the classroom , in the lab , in the seminar , in the dorm , and eventually or simultaneously in the workplace to pay back those debts .
Each bulging institutional value longing to become more than its sentiment through us , each of our empty gestures of feigned - anxiety to appear under pressure , or of cool - ambivalence to appear accustomed to horror , every moment of student life , is the management of our consent to social death .
Social death is our banal acceptance of an institution ’s meaning for our own lack of meaning .
It ’s the positions we thoughtlessly enact .
It ’s the particular nature of being owned .
Social rupture is the initial divorce between the owners and the owned .
A social movement is a function of war .
War contains the ability to create a new frame , to build a new tension for the agents at play , new dynamics in the battles both for the meaning and the material .
When we move without a return to their tired meaning , to their tired configurations of the material , we are engaging in war .
It is November 2009 .
For an end to the values of social death we need ruptures and self - propelled , unmanaged movements of wild bodies .
We need , we desire occupations .
We are an antagonistic dead .
Talk to your friends , take over rooms , take over as many of these dead buildings .
We will find one another .
Life and death are not properly scientific concepts but rather political concepts , which as such acquire a political meaning precisely only through a decision .
— Giorgio Agamben
Pretty , printable pamphlet form for distribution :
The Necrosocial : Civic Life , Social Death , and the UC
Strife Developer 's New CCG Arena Game Hits Steam Early Access
Brawl of Ages is out now on Steam ; watch a trailer and get the details here .
Dio is said to have made popular the ' devil 's horns ' hand gesture
Heavy metal singer Ronnie James Dio has been diagnosed with stomach cancer , his wife has said .
Writing on his official website , Wendy Dio said the former Rainbow and Black Sabbath singer was in the early stages of the illness .
Mrs Dio added he was starting treatment immediately and would be back on stage after " he kills this dragon " .
Dio , 67 , had to cancel his band 's European tour last week after he became unwell and was taken to hospital .
" Ronnie has been diagnosed with the early stages of stomach cancer .
We are starting treatment immediately at the Mayo Clinic , " Mrs Dio said .
" After he kills this dragon , Ronnie will be back on stage , where he belongs , doing what he loves best , performing for his fans . "
Mrs Dio also thanked fans for their well wishes , adding : " This has really helped to keep his spirit up . "
Dio first achieved recognition singing with his own band Elf before joining Rainbow in 1975 .
He later replaced Ozzy Osbourne in Black Sabbath in 1979 for three years .
He is currently working on a project with former Black Sabbath bandmates Tony Iommi , Geezer Butler and Vinny Appice , under the name Heaven & Hell .
NewsAlert
Sign up for our NewsAlert service and have the latest news in astronomy and space e-mailed direct to your desktop .
Enter your e-mail address :
Privacy note : your e-mail address will not be used for any other purpose .
Ares 1 - X test flight an engineer 's delight
BY STEPHEN CLARK
SPACEFLIGHT NOW
Posted : October 26 , 2009
Engineers have meticulously tailored Tuesday 's Ares 1 - X test launch as a learning exercise , using more than 700 high - fidelity sensors to collect gargantuan amounts of data during the booster 's six - minute flight .
Ares 1 - X is a new feature on the Cape Canaveral skyline .
Credit : NASA-KSC
Designers will have to sift through many terabytes of data from Tuesday 's launch , and it will be next year before engineers fully understand how Ares 1 - X performed .
" We can be very successful in this flight even if some things do n't go exactly as planned , " said Bob Ess , Ares 1 - X mission manager .
" It 's really hard not to get really good data , no matter what happens . "
The Ares 1 critical design review , currently scheduled for the middle of 2011 , will be heavily based on what engineers learn from Tuesday 's launch .
" What that helps us with is then to make our computer models that we use to design the Ares 1 much more refined and take out the uncertainties that we have , " said Jeff Hanley , manager of NASA 's Constellation program .
" As we build those models , we keep a lot of conservatism in the models because we 're uncertain about exactly what environments we 're going to see .
So this vehicle lets us interrogate that , " Hanley said .
Officials are particularly interested in how the 327 - foot - tall rocket performs in the moments after liftoff , as it flies through the period of maximum dynamic pressure , and during the stage separation and recovery sequence .
" Will it really work as planned in one big vehicle , from the guidance , navigation and control , thrust vector control , mass properties , the winds and the weather ?
That 's the part we really want to see if it's all going to work out next Tuesday , " Ess said .
The rocket is built as an aerodynamic model of the Ares 1 , but only the first stage is active .
The solid - fueled four - segment booster , borrowed from the space shuttle program , is topped with a dummy fifth segment that would also be filled with propellant on operational Ares 1 missions .
The upper stage , planned to be fueled by hydrogen on the Ares 1 , is loaded with steel plates to simulate the mass of a full - up rocket .
" How do you characterize in a computer , with the uncertanties , what the sound levels are going to be and what the pressure levels are going to be ?
What 's the affect of the upper level winds as it flies through the atmosphere on the loads that the rocket sees , in other words , the bending of the rocket ?
That 's what Ares 1 - X is going to inform us most about , " Hanley said .
Artist 's concept of Ares 1 - X after liftoff .
Credit : NASA
The testing will begin the moment countdown clocks reach zero , but the final seconds before liftoff will be very different than most launches .
" On a shuttle flight , you have the main engines start at about six seconds .
You have full up thrust at three seconds .
You have three seconds of steam that 's coming out .
In this case , you 're not going to have any of that , " said Ed Mango , Ares 1 - X launch director .
" You wo n't have very much at all until T - zero when it will be just like the SRB ignition we have on shuttle , " said Ed Mango , Ares 1 - X launch director .
Liftoff will occur less than a quarter - second after the ignition command and four explosive hold - down bolts fire to release the rocket from the mobile launch platform .
" Once we ignite the booster , that 's when the game starts , " Ess said .
It will take less than a half - second for the powerful motor to build up to 3 million pounds of thrust , equivalent to more than 23 times the power output of the Hoover Dam .
Computer models show the blast from ignition will bounce off the launch tower and amplify the acoustic environment in the first few seconds of the flight .
In addition to the rocket 's instrumentation , the launch pad and mobile platform are rigged with a network of 49 sensors to measure how the ground systems hold up .
" During liftoff , just like the shuttle , we have this big explosion , for lack of a better word , " Ess said .
" There 's about five or six seconds when we 're kind of in the influence of the pad . "
Ess said he is confident the rocket can handle the acoustic loads at liftoff , even though they could be more intense than the environment produced by shuttle launches .
" It really comes down to a vibration more than anything , " Ess said .
" So that vibration is included in our models when we determine structural integrity and we make sure we can handle the liftoff environment . "
Unlike the space shuttle , which naturally flies laterally away from the pad during liftoff , Ares 1 - X will go almost straight up .
Engineers have designed a slight steering maneuver in the moments after liftoff to guide the mammoth vehicle away from the launch pad 's tower .
Officials are n't worried about the rocket smashing into the pad , but NASA wants to minimize potential damage to the complex from the plume of hot gas spewing from the motor as it clears the tower .
There will be about 15 feet of clearance between the rocket and pad structure , according to the best predictions , but there is an uncertainty of up to 9 feet .
" Because the drift of Ares 1 - X potentially could be much different from shuttle , we actually had to do a lot of beef - up to some of the ( pad ) structure because if it drifts a certain way we could get some plume impingement and see higher loads , " said Bill Stover , deputy ground systems project manager for Ares 1 - X .
The roll control system , or RoCS , will be activated six seconds into the flight , just as the rocket flies beyond the top level of the pad 's service tower and begins to turn on an easterly trajectory .
The RoCS thrusters , harvested from the military 's Peacekeeper missile , can produce up to 2,250 pounds of force in vacuum and will immediately begin to roll the rocket 90 degrees .
The roll program will demonstrate the rocket 's controllability and align antennas with ground stations , according to NASA officials .
A black barber - pole Z - stripe was added to the first stage 's outer shell to allow observers to optically track the roll .
" From a camera standpoint , you can get roll rates from that , you can get pitch rates from that .
In a developmental flight test , you want to have as many cues as you can , " Mango said .
Four test inputs are programmed into the Ares 1 - X computers to gauge the rocket 's reaction to manually induced loads .
" By knowing how much input we put to the nozzle and measuring what we get from the vehicle , we can understand a little better about the vehicle itself and how it flies , " Ess said .
The first two inputs , occurring less than a minute after liftoff , will move the first stage motor nozzle by about one - tenth of a degree .
The commands " basically move it one way , move it to center , move it the other way and move it back .
That sinusoidal input should make the vehicle move a little bit and we 'll pick that up on our sensors , " Ess said .
A third test maneuver will deflect the nozzle more than one - third of a degree about 75 seconds into the launch .
The final input will pulse the nozzle about 1 degree to check the booster 's response in the yaw direction .
Ess said the extra nozzle movements will be minimized as the rocket passes through the phase of the flight known as maximum dynamic pressure , or Max Q .
That 's because engineers want to measure how the rocket naturally reacts as it traverses the portion of the flight with the most forces acting upon it .
Models predict
Ares 1 - X will experience maximum loading of about 865 pounds per square foot , appreciably higher than the forces seen during shuttle launches .
" In this high ( loads ) region with a long vehicle , if we get more bending than we thought we would , then it could affect our thrust vector control and how it affects the flight .
It could make things worse instead of better , " Ess said .
" Or our aerodynamics could be off enough that we get some strange dynamics .
All of those are part of the test . "
Officials in charge of Ares 1 - X do n't believe the vibrations will cause any problems during the launch , but engineers are curious to learn how the loads manifest themselves throughout the rocket 's upper assembly , including the crew module .
Ares 1 - X will fly a different trajectory than the Ares 1 rocket to match the maximum dynamic pressure level the operational launcher will experience .
This means the test rocket will separate from the upper stage simulator lower in the atmosphere than the real Ares 1 .
" Because we 're flying a four - segment booster and we 're trying to match the trajectory of a five - segment booster , we had to do a couple of different things .
By matching the dynamic pressure profile , pretty soon you run out of oomph and you can't quite go as high as Ares 1 will be with that extra segment , " Ess said .
An overview of the Ares 1 - X launch profile .
Credit : NASA
The rocket will accelerate to Mach 4.7 and reach an altitude of about 130,000 feet by the time the first stage booster exhausts its supply of propellant just after the two - minute point in the flight .
In the final seconds before burnout , pressure sensors will look for signs of a rocket characteristic known as thrust oscillation .
Thrust oscillation is a phenomenon in solid rocket motors that can trigger intense and damaging vibrations .
Engineers have instrumented solid rocket boosters during the last few shuttle launches and have not detected any prominent loads caused by thrust oscillation , which is also called resonant burning .
" The probability is we will see nothing of note on this flight , " said Joe Oliva , Ares 1 - X project manager at ATK , the prime contractor for the rocket 's first stage .
" I do n't see thrust oscillation being a huge driver to us at this point in the program .
It 's really what we call vibro-acoustics that drives us , " Hanley said .
During staging , pyrotechnics will fire at the base of the frustrum , the conical connecting point between the first and second stages .
Eight deceleration motors will fire simultaneously to separate the first stage from the simulated portion of the rocket .
A few seconds later , four more motors will ignite to put the first stage in a yawing tumble similar to what solid rocket boosters experience after being jettisoned during shuttle launches .
" We need that to happen so the parachutes will properly deploy , " said Jon Cowart , Ares 1 - X deputy mission manager .
" If we do n't get it spinning enough , there 's always a chance they might get fouled on the rocket . "
The top part of Ares 1 - X , comprising the inactive components of the launch , will continue on an uncontrolled trajectory and crash into the Atlantic Ocean .
It will not be recovered .
Data from instruments on the forward assembly will be stored in a recorder located inside the first stage , which will be plucked from the ocean .
The information will also be beamed live back to tracking stations near Cape Canaveral and in Jupiter , Fla .
The first stage will coast to an altitude of 153,000 feet before beginning its parachuted descent to splashdown less than 150 miles due east of Cape Canaveral .
Ares 1 - X will demonstrate the three main parachutes to be employed by the reusable Ares 1 first stage .
Covering more than two acres , the 150 - foot - wide chutes are made of a kevlar material that is stronger and lighter than the nylon parachutes currently used .
High speed cameras inside the booster will record the parachute deployment .
A small Cessna Skymaster airplane near the recovery zone will also observe the splashdown sequence .
Both of NASA 's booster recovery ships , the Liberty Star and Freedom Star , will be on station near the expected landing site to retrieve the rocket and tow it back to port .
" It lets us get real test data on the first stage recovery system .
It lets us test the guidance system .
We have the real Ares 1 guidance algorithms in the flight computer that will be guiding the rocket .
So that is some of the engineering value that we 'll get ( from Ares 1 - X ) , " Hanley said .
Officials say they expect to learn many lessons from Tuesday 's launch , especially if things do n't go exactly as planned .
" Any human being around here knows you learn a lot more from things that do n't go right than you do from things that do , " Cowart said .
" The only failure on this flight is the failure for us to learn from it , " Ess said .
" And no matter what happens , we will learn a lot from it . "
Additional coverage for subscribers :
VIDEO : MONDAY'S PRE - LAUNCH NEWS CONFERENCE PLAY
VIDEO : SUNDAY'S COUNTDOWN STATUS AND WEATHER BRIEFING PLAY
VIDEO : NASA LEADERS CLEAR ARES 1 -X FOR FLIGHT PLAY
VIDEO : ANIMATION OF THE ARES 1 -X TEST FLIGHT PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : DAZZLING AERIAL VIEWS OF ARES 1 -X PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : ARES 1 - X BATHED IN LIGHT AT NIGHT PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : SUNSET AT PAD 39B LAST THURSDAY PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : ROTATING SERVICE STRUCTURE MOVED PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : TIME - LAPSE OF GANTRY MOVING AWAY FOR TEST PLAY
VIDEO : ROLLOUT IN FAST - FORWARD PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : TIME - LAPSE OF PAD ARRIVAL PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : PAD'S STABILIZATION ARMS GRAB THE ROCKET PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : ARES 1 - X ARRIVES AT LAUNCH PAD 39B PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : ROLLOUT FROM ASSEMBLY BUILDING PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : WHAT DOES IT LOOK LIKE INSIDE ARES 1-X? PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : A LITTLE PUSHING AND SHOVING IN THE VAB PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : ARES 1 - X ROCKET ASSEMBLY IN FAST - FORWARD PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : FULLY ASSEMBLED ARES 1-X POWERED UP PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : TOPPING ARES 1 -X WITH MOCK ORION CAPSULE PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : ADDING SUPER STACK TO THE ARES 1 -X ROCKET PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : ASSEMBLING THE UPPER STAGE SIMULATOR PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : FORWARD SOLID ROCKET BOOSTER SEGMENT PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : WORKERS ADD NEXT SECTION OF THE ROCKET PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : FIRST SEGMENT PLACED ON MOBILE LAUNCHER PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : PREPS FOR STACKING THE ARES 1-X ROCKET PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : TWO LAUNCH CONTROL CENTERS WILL BE USED PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : FAMED CONTROL ROOM HANDED TO ARES ROCKETS PLAY
VIDEO : VEHICLE STABILIZATION ARMS INSTALLED PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : ASTRONAUT WALKWAY REMOVED FROM PAD 39B PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : BEANIE CAP REMOVED FROM LAUNCH PAD 39B PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : PAD 39B'S OLD LIGHTNING MAST REMOVED PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : PAD 39B'S NEW LIGHTNING TOWERS COMPLETED PLAY | HI -DEF
MORE : ARES 1 - X VIDEO COVERAGE
HDTV : HIGH DEFINITION VIDEO COVERAGE
SUBSCRIBE NOW
A spate of recent deaths of New York police and fire officers who took part in the emergency operation at Ground Zero after the 9/11 attacks has heightened fears that it could be the start of a delayed epidemic of cancer - related illness .
Five firefighters and police officers , all of whom were involved in the rescue and clear - up at the site of the collapsed Twin Towers , have died of cancer in the past three months , the oldest being 44 .
Three died last month within a four - day period .
Those three were Robert Grossman , a Harlem - based police officer who spent several weeks at the emergency site and died of a brain tumour aged 41 ; fellow police officer Cory Diaz , 37 ; and firefighter Richard Mannetta , 44 .
In addition , John McNamara , a 44 - year - old firefighter , died in September ; and Renee Dunbar , a police officer in her late 30s , died in August .
The cluster of cancer deaths comes as Congress is under pressure to pass legislation that would provide federal help to emergency workers who have contracted illnesses since 9/11 .
Campaigners hope that a bill will be put to the House of Representatives by the end of the year that would set up a $ 10 bn ( £ 6 bn ) national fund for hundreds of people who now have cancer , respiratory illnesses and other diseases that may be linked to their work at the World Trade Centre site .
Up to 70,000 people took part in the massive operation at Ground Zero , including police , firefighters and construction workers who came to New York voluntarily from all over the US .
Many worked for months amid a toxic soup of dust and chemicals .
Amid the pollutants within the giant pile of 1.8 m tons of debris and the surrounding air were 90,000 litres of jet fuel from the two stricken planes , about 1,000 tons of asbestos that was used in the construction of the Twin Towers , pulverised lead from computers , mercury and highly carcinogenic by - products from the burning of plastics and chlorinated chemicals .
No official tally is available for the number of those who have died as a result of the 9/11 clear - up .
The New York state health department has recorded 817 deaths of emergency workers but it cannot confirm categorically how many of those were directly linked to the site .
Federal funds for ill emergency workers ran out in 2003 and , since then , the onus has fallen on cash - strapped New York city , which is facing up to 10,000 claims for compensation through the courts .
Families of those who have died say that the burden should be shouldered by the nation as a whole .
Robert Grossman 's father , Stephen , drew a parallel with the $ 3bn the federal government spent this year on buying up old cars under the " cash - for - clunkers " scheme .
" They spent that , but they do n't have a dime for people who volunteered after 9/11 and ended up giving their lives for their country . "
The 911 Police Aid Foundation , a group run by and for sick police officers , says it is helping more than 100 officers who worked at Ground Zero and who now have cancer .
The group is receiving new cases at a rate of about one a week , many of which are extremely rare at such young ages .
Michael Valentin , who volunteers for the group , spent about four months working around the pile of debris from the towers .
He now has lymphatic tumours in his chest , as well as asbestos poisoning .
" We all have terminal illnesses , we are all going to die .
We just want to help others by showing them that they are not alone , " he said .
The bill currently before Congress , which is named after James Zadroga , a police officer who died in 2006 , would provide for the health monitoring and treatment of an additional 15,000 emergency workers .
Paradoxically , it would not cover cancer , which was not perceived as a priority at the time the legislation was drafted though numbers have escalated since then .
Claire Calladine , a campaigner who runs the organisation 9/11 Health Now , said the fear was that the recent rise in cancer cases was just the start .
" We have only seen the tip of the iceberg .
How bad will it get – that is the big question . "
“ This is the way the world ends .
This is the way the world ends .
This is the way the world ends .
Not with a bang , but a whimper . ” — T.S. Eliot
These words should be taken with a grain of salt , and not simply because Eliot left the majesty of the United States to become a Tory at age 25 .
No , I fear the end is upon us , but instead of Eliot ’s faint , final cough of existence , we will rot at the hands of a man who feels his evolutionary display trumps higher laws .
Go to Rennebohm Park .
Look at the 10 “ educational ” displays .
And then say five Hail Mary’s .
At the park , stuck into the very soil the almighty used to create Adam , are 10 signs , each describing a different phase of man ’s evolutionary process .
Nick Schweitzer , an attorney ( typical ) and designer of the display , claims it ’s meant to be a teaching devise , and with text and visuals accompanying each one , they look like a legitimate tribute to the scientific explanation of our origins .
But I know legitimate signs , and if I do n’t see locusts or slaughtered lambs , I ’m skeptical .
These are not images of progress ; they are academic distortions .
Just like dinosaurs .
This list of human offenses seemingly teasing fate to dust our world under the cosmic table are too numerous and reviling to list in the public forum , yet I take no hesitance in singling out the lynchpin .
Schweitzer , you have drunkenly initiated a game of chicken with an opponent far too cunning for you to ever overpower , and you ’ve strapped humanity into the passenger seat .
He is the Vin Diesel to your Paul Walker , both too fast and too furious to ever be toyed with , and yet you ’ve provoked him .
But not just him ; Him .
By bringing evolution to public parks , and by secularizing the green space God spent at least part of an entire day building from nothing , we ’re now doomed .
The display , which encompasses a quarter - mile of space in Rennebohm Park on Regent Street , serves as a poorly veiled taunt to your enemies .
It is not enough for you that Regent Street is already a haven for sin , with its bars and tattoo parlors and the nearby second - trimester abortion clinic .
Many of us take comfort in knowing that our pro-life picket signs are put to good use , and while we recognize printer ink is pricey , it was worth the cost knowing those large photos of aborted fetuses are teaching a lesson to the community .
Even more , I assume you deceive under the notion that you too are “ teaching ” the public , allowing it an opportunity to experience — however so slightly — the grand scope of human existence .
Well , Schweitzer , misinformation is a powerful tool .
Just ask Premier Obama .
A public space is no place to push an agenda .
It is meant to be appreciated by all , whether they ’re black or white , Missouri Synod or Wisconsin Evangelical Lutheran Synod ; everybody .
It ’s not as if you see us commissioning large stone works depicting the Ten Commandments , because we know better .
There ’s only one real court to worry about , and that ’s the court of the divine .
And that one that keeps telling me I can’t have four wives .
We live in a world that is already divisive enough , yet we live in it together .
Sure , there are some in the scientific community who back this notion of evolution , but there are many brave and intelligent souls who understand the folly of “ theories . ”
You want to tell me that both Ben Stein and Kirk Cameron are wrong ?
I did n’t think so .
Instead of letting these areas of contention keep man at his brother ’s throat , we should focus on those aspects of life where we agree , such as the immorality of war , our responsibility to feed the homeless and the beauty of transubstantiation .
At least until we ’re whisked away and you ’re “ left behind . ”
It feels dishonest .
Those 10 signs you ’ve erected in Rennebohm Park are meant to convey the struggle and odds man has overcome to reach this point in history .
It ’s a beautiful idea , and I am proud to share a similar display in my home .
It ’s over my bed .
And in my kitchen .
And in my bathroom .
And there ’s a second one in my kitchen .
It ’s a crucifix .
I must admit , every time I see storm clouds gathering , a part of me wants to rush to PetSmart and start stockpiling two of every domesticated rodent .
We are not long for this Earth , and because of actions like yours , odds are that you ’ll be playing intramural hoops with Satan and Kareem Abdul - Jabbar quicker than I can figure out who begat Amminidab .
Alas , we can only hope God has a sense of humor .
Sean Kittridge ( [ email protected ] ) is a senior majoring in journalism .
Explore the Galapagos
With this multimedia map , see the islands as they are today and learn how they inspired Darwin .
Darwin's Predictions
Over 150 years later , science continues to confirm most of Darwin 's conjectures .
Open Call : Life Stories
Make a short video using free footage from NOVA and elsewhere .
Selected submissions may appear online or on air .
10 Lovely Formalwear and Bridal Postcards !
Making formalwear and bridal postcards may sound pretty easy at first since you have all this stunning wedding fashion to create designs from , but as you get closer to making the final calls on the design and printing , we know it can get pretty hard to decide on a design for sure !
Here ’s a little collection of sample postcard designs to help you out .
We hope this post can help you create your own better formalwear and bridal postcard designs !
All images on this page are provided solely for design inspiration .
Ready to Print Postcards for Formalwear and Bridal Shops
UPrinting.com offers color postcards printing that guarantees high - quality and vibrant prints , if you ’re still in the market for the best postcard printing around .
Visit our postcards page or call our toll free number at 888-888-4211 to learn more about our printing services !
by
3 M which is ranked among the world ’s top 50 Most Innovative Companies , paid $ 6.4 million for 6.4 million shares of the Artificial Life ’s stock .
Artificial Life Inc. , trades several products for mobile devices , including iPhone applications , games and a mobile TV product
BMW F1 Team Racing Game
Eberhard Schoneburg , CEO of Artificial Life , Inc. :
“ We are honored that 3 M has chosen us for a strategic investment and as a new cooperation partner in the mobile space .
The investment and the alliance agreement with3M provide a strong , global business opportunity for us .
The cooperation will allow us to create innovative business and lifestyle applications for one of the leading innovators in the business world and the general public .
We are looking forward to working with 3 M on many projects in the coming years , ”
Stefan Gabriel , president , 3MNew Ventures said :
“ We are looking forward to collaborating with Artificial Life on a number of exciting technology applications in these fast growing markets all across the wide range of 3 M businesses . ”
Their cooperation includes the following
General mobile and broadband applications and technologies Digital Watermarking Virtual Reconstruction of 2D and 3D Objects Augmented Reality 3D Image processing Object recognition Mobile Healthcare and Diabetes Solutions Mobile Marketing and M- Commerce Platform
Uhm wait Augmented Reality yeah that is what I want to know and for what I ’m always looking for .
Anybody of you who has any knowing or hint about new augmented - software , AI ?
You are always welcome to participate with Androgeek Gadgets log
Common experience tells us that particular scents of childhood can leave quite an impression , for better or for worse .
Now , researchers reporting the results of a brain imaging study online on November 5th in Current Biology , a Cell Press publication , show that first scents really do enjoy a " privileged " status in the brain .
" We found that the first pairing or association between an object and a smell had a distinct signature in the brain , " even in adults , said Yaara Yeshurun of the Weizmann Institute of Science in Israel .
" This ' etching ' of initial odor memories in the brain was equal for good and bad smells , yet was unique to odor . "
Sounds did not have the same effect , the research showed .
In the study , the researchers presented adults with a visual object together with one , and later with a second , set of pleasant and unpleasant odors and sounds while their brains were imaged by functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fMRI ) .
A week later , the researchers presented the same objects inside the fMRI and tested participants ' associations of those images with the scents and smells .
The researchers found that people remembered early associations more clearly when they were unpleasant , regardless of whether they were smelled or heard .
The images , however , revealed a unique activation in particular brain regions in the case of their first olfactory ( but not auditory ) associations .
That signature held regardless of whether the odors or sounds were pleasant or unpleasant .
The researchers even found that they could predict what a person would remember later based on the activity in their brains on day 1 .
Yeshurun explained that it makes good sense to remember unpleasant memories as a kind of evolutionary " risk management . "
But the findings show that there is also something particularly special about early memories of smells .
That was n't really unexpected , Yeshurun said -- it is after all a phenomenon that has long fascinated authors , poets , and scientists alike .
Still , the results did hold some surprises .
" We expected a unique representation of initial or ' first ' olfactory associations but did not expect that it would materialize even in cases where the behavioral evidence did not indicate a stronger memory , " Yeshurun said .
" In our paradigm , initial and later olfactory associations were remembered equally well , but only first associations had the unique brain representation . "
In terms of understanding the brain , the findings suggest that activity in two brain regions , known as the hippocampus and amygdala , together can render a memory " special . "
Although any application of the findings would be far off , Yeshurun said the results could suggest ways to strengthen particular memories .
" Perhaps more importantly , it may help us generate methods to better forget early and powerful memories , such as trauma , " she said .
The researchers include Yaara Yeshurun , Hadas Lapid , Yadin Dudai , and Noam Sobel , of the Weizmann Institute of Science , in Rehovot , Israel .
Home
Home Furniture design and fabric choice are extremely important to a contemporary homeowner , whether male or female .
Nobody wants to pick the wrong furniture or home cloths , and although the furniture may appear the more significant of the two , the wrong fabric selection could completely destroy an otherwise living room .
Thanks To Our Friends Eta Canada Visa Online .
Without our charitable partners and friends , we could not go on to provide the high - level website we provide to our customer and visitors .
Our friend ’s web page is etacanadaonline.com , here
You can apply for
eTA Canada Visa .
Please note that our Partners are n’t owners of the sites .
So what exactly do you do ?
Leave it
To hope and chance your untrained eye would be as great as that of anybody else , or hire an expert to assist you ?
Most people who worry about these things are attempting to please friends and visitors rather than choose what they personally enjoy .
More on : codigo postal de guatemala
This is not necessarily a Bad thing , because most people do n’t make the best decisions when it comes to home furniture design and fabric choice .
While there ’s absolutely no process you can follow to develop with what is best for your home , here are a few tips about the best way to begin selecting your furniture layout and how to create the correct fabric choice to go with it .
Please have a look to our other spouses website etaustraliaonline.com .
On this website you can safelly apply for Australian visa application .
Please note that our Partners are not owners of the web page .
Partners :
Sri Lanka Visa https://www.panorama.com.ve
https://www.am.com.mx
https://pulsoslp.com.mx
https://www.pueblosmexico.com.mx
https://argentinaturismo.com.ar
This just in from Prison Planet , via Swine Flu Watch :
According to a report out of Germany , German soldiers have been given an additive - free swine flu shot that does n’t contain mercury , squalene , or any of the other dangerous adjuvants associated with the vaccine , raising questions as to why this version of the shot has not been made available to the general population .
An article that when translated is entitled , German soldiers gets non poisonous vaccine , explains how 250,000 German troops have been given a “ friendly ” vaccine made by Baxter that does not contain “ controversial mercury - containing additives or preservatives ” .
It appears that there are two versions of the swine flu shot , one for those in the know and another for the general population who trust the government to shoot them up with dangerous toxins that have been linked to autism and other neurological disorders .
Indeed , the swine flu vaccine contains no less than 25,000 per cent the amount of mercury considered safe .
Mercury is classified by The Department of Defense as a hazardous material that could cause death if swallowed , inhaled or absorbed through the skin , and the EPA is now limiting mercury emissions from factories because the toxin “ can damage the brain and nervous system and is especially dangerous to fetuses and small children , ” but according to the CDC it ’s perfectly safe to inject into your child ’s bloodstream .
As we previously highlighted , many people are choosing to take the nasal spray version of the vaccine in the false assumption that it is safer than the injectable version .
In reality , the nasal spray contains live H1N1 virus , which has led many doctors and health professionals to express concerns that it could spread the swine flu virus amongst those with weakened immune systems .
“ It has been documented that the live viruses from the vaccine can be shed ( and potentially spread into the community ) from recipient children for up to 21 days , and even longer from adults .
Viral shedding also puts breastfeeding infants at risk if the mother has been given FluMist , ” writes Dr. Sherri Tenpenny , one of the most outspoken physicians in the country on the hazards of vaccines and vaccination .
FluMist ’s own package insert reads as follows , “ FluMist ® recipients should avoid close contact with immunocompromised individuals for at least 21 days . ”
Despite concerns about thimerosal and mercury , thimerosal is an ingredient of the swine flu vaccine which is currently being rolled out globally .
“ Some of the vaccine will be stored in multi - dose vials containing thimerosal , an antibacterial additive that contains mercury , ” reported the Washington Post in an article about which groups will receive the swine flu vaccine first .
Whole story here .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The convicted Lockerbie bomber has been flown home to Libya after being freed from a Scottish prison on compassionate grounds .
Abdelbaset Ali al - Megrahi , 57 , was jailed in 2001 for the atrocity which claimed 270 lives in 1988 .
The decision to release Megrahi , who has terminal prostate cancer , was made by the Scottish Government .
US president Barack Obama said the decision was " a mistake " and some US victims ' families reacted angrily .
Some 189 Americans were among those who died in the explosion .
Megrahi was released from Greenock Prison
' A convenient scapegoat ? '
Bomber release :
What now ?
Grounds for compassionate release ' No prospect of recovery ' A police convoy left Greenock Prison , where Megrahi was serving his sentence , just an hour after the announcement of his release was made .
It was greeting by angry jeers from a small group of local residents .
Megrahi was taken to Glasgow Airport where he boarded an Afriqiyah Airways Airbus plane bound for Tripoli , wearing a white track suit and clutching his prison release papers .
The aircraft took off shortly before 1530 BST and arrived in the Libyan capital shortly after 1930 BST .
The government said it had consulted widely before Scottish Justice Secretary Kenny MacAskill made his decision on applications for Megrahi 's compassionate release or his transfer to a Libyan jail .
He told a media conference on Thursday that he had rejected the application for a prisoner transfer .
However , after taking medical advice it was expected that three months was a " reasonable estimate " of the time Megrahi had left to live .
He ruled out the option of the Libyan being allowed to live in Scotland on security grounds .
The remaining days of my life are being lived under the shadow of the wrongness of my conviction
Abdelbaset Ali al - Megrahi
In full : Statement from Megrahi And Mr MacAskill stressed that he accepted the conviction and sentence which had been handed to Megrahi .
" Mr al - Megrahi did not show his victims any comfort or compassion .
They were not allowed to return to the bosom of their families to see out their lives , let alone their dying days .
No compassion was shown by him to them , " he said .
" But that alone is not a reason for us to deny compassion to him and his family in his final days . "
Mr MacAskill continued : " Our justice system demands that judgement be imposed , but compassion be available .
Fiona Trott
BBC News correspondent , in Lockerbie
After the Scottish justice secretary made his announcement , life continued as normal in rain - soaked Lockerbie .
People were surprised by the decision he made - the real question was whether they had a strong opinion about it .
When the bombing happened 21 years ago , this town was full of army personnel and the emergency services and local people who helped that night became heroes .
But it happened a generation ago , and , while some American victims ' families say his release is incomprehensible , people here in Lockerbie say they do n't see things in black and white .
Two families were wiped out here , but the immediate families of the other victims no longer stay in Lockerbie .
Some say it 's right Megrahi has been released because he is very ill .
Does the decision bring everything to a close ?
People here say no .
Even though they have put the event in the past , tourists from across the world still come here .
For them , Lockerbie will always be known as the place where PAN AM flight 103 came down .
" For these reasons and these reasons alone , it is my decision that Mr Mr Abdelbaset Ali Mohmed Al - Megrahi , convicted in 2001 for the Lockerbie bombing , now terminally ill with prostate cancer , be released on compassionate grounds and be allowed to return to Libya to die . "
Mr MacAskill had been under intense pressure from the US government to keep Megrahi behind bars , with US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton saying his release would be " absolutely wrong " .
" Compassion and mercy are about upholding the beliefs the we seek to live by , remaining true to our values as a people - no matter the severity of the provocation or the atrocity perpetrated , " he added .
In a statement released after his departure from HMP Greenock , Megrahi continued to protest his innocence .
He said : " The remaining days of my life are being lived under the shadow of the wrongness of my conviction .
" I have been faced with an appalling choice : to risk dying in prison in the hope that my name is cleared posthumously or to return home still carrying the weight of the guilty verdict , which will never now be lifted .
" The choice which I made is a matter of sorrow , disappointment and anger , which I fear I will never overcome . "
Reacting to the decision , US president Barack Obama said : " We have been in contact with the Scottish Government , indicating that we objected to this and we thought it was a mistake . "
He said they had also contacted the Libyan government to ask that Megrahi not be " welcomed back " but instead placed under house arrest .
" We 've also obviously been in contact with the families of the Pan Am victims and indicated to them that we do n't think this was appropriate , " he added .
The bombing claimed 270 lives
Reaction : Lockerbie bomber freed The Libyan government has played down claims Megrahi would return to Tripoli a hero .
He will be required to live permanently at a given address in Libya , must agree any change of address and must not travel from Libya without consent , the Scottish Government said .
The families of American victims of the Lockerbie bombing reacted angrily to the news of his release .
Kara Weipz , of Mt Laurel , New Jersey , who lost her 20 - year - old brother Richard Monetti , said : " I do n't understand how the Scots can show compassion .
It is an utter insult and utterly disgusting .
" It is horrible .
I do n't show compassion for someone who showed no remorse . "
New York state resident Paul Halsch , whose 31 - year - old wife was killed , said of Mr MacAskill 's decision : " I 'm totally against it .
He murdered 270 people .
" This might sound crude or blunt , but I want him returned from Scotland the same way my wife Lorraine was and that would be in a box . "
However , British relatives ' spokesman Dr Jim Swire , who lost his daughter Flora in the atrocity , said he believed Megrahi had " nothing to do with " the bombing .
" I do n't believe for a moment that this man was involved in the way that he was found to have been involved , " he said .
Have Your Say I am ashamed to be Scottish today .
Where is the justice for the victims ?
Ross MacDonald , Edinburgh " I feel despondent that the west and Scotland did n't have the guts to allow this man 's second appeal to continue because I am convinced had they done so it would have overturned the verdict against him .
" It 's a blow to those of us who seek the truth but it is not an ending .
I think it is a splitting of the ways . "
The BBC's Christian Fraser in Tripoli said that until now , Libyan officials had been careful not to comment in case they jeopardised the release , wary of last minute interventions by the US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton .
Officially there are unlikely to be any triumphant statements , but given the personal involvement of Mr Gaddafi it will no doubt be seen as further evidence of his growing stature on the international stage , our correspondent said .
It is rumoured that he has asked to see Megrahi when he returns , and the timing is perfect - in 12 days ' time Libya celebrates the 40th anniversary of the revolution that brought Muammar Gaddafi to power , he added .
Our correspondent said Megrahi 's release has been billed by the leader as the new dawn for Libya , and to many it will be viewed as a more palatable ending to one of the darkest chapters in the country 's history .
Appeal dropped Megrahi was convicted of murder in January 2001 at a trial held under Scottish law in the Netherlands .
A first appeal against that verdict was rejected the following year .
However , in 2007 the Scottish Criminal Cases Review Commission granted him a second appeal .
It subsequently emerged he was suffering from terminal cancer but a bid to have him granted bail was refused .
His second appeal got under way this year but shortly afterwards applications were made for both his transfer to a Libyan jail and release on compassionate grounds .
Earlier this week the High Court in Edinburgh allowed Megrahi 's application to drop his second appeal .
LOCATIONS WHICH SHAPED MEGRAHI'S TRIAL
1. Tripoli , capital of Libya .
Megrahi was born here on 1 April 1952 , and worked - according to the FBI - for Libyan intelligence services .
2. Malta .
Megrahi's day job , as security chief for Libyan Arab Airlines , took him to their office on the island .
From there he would travel to Zurich .
The bomb began its journey here in December 1988 .
3. Zurich , Switzerland .
The bomb 's timing device was made and purchased here .
4. Frankfurt , Germany .
On arrival , a suitcase later found to have contained the bomb was transferred from an Air Malta jet to a flight bound for London Heathrow .
5. London 's Heathrow Airport .
Pan
Am flight PA 103 took off from Heathrow at 1825 GMT on Wednesday , 21 December 1988 .
6. Lockerbie , Scotland .
The bomb on Flight PA 103 exploded above the Scottish village at 1902 GMT .
7. Camp Zeist , Netherlands .
Here , in a landmark trial , Scottish judges convicted Megrahi in 2001 .
8. HMP Barlinnie .
Megrahi served the first part of his sentence in this Scottish prison .
9. HMP Greenock .
Megrahi was transferred from Barlinnie to Greenock in 2005 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Friend tells court how woman fell while trying to pull her dog away
A woman suffered fatal injuries when she was trampled by cows as she walked across a field , an inquest heard today .
Anita Hinchey , 63 , was out for a long walk in countryside near Cardiff with her boxer dog , Woody , together with her friend , Ruth Tugwell , and her mongrel .
Tugwell told Cardiff coroner 's court that she was nervous of cows and kept away from them but Hinchey , an animal lover , showed no fear of them .
She said : " I was slightly ahead when I saw the cows .
They looked up and seemed curious and started to move towards us both .
They were coming in a semi- circular formation so I was heading towards the end so I could get away from them .
" Anita was walking nearer to them than me .
She was n't ever nervous of cows and used to give them water right outside her house when the river had dried up . "
Tugwell said when she next turned around her friend , who worked as an assessor for an organisation to help businesses improve their performance , was surrounded by cows .
She said Hinchey , from the St George 's - super - Ely area of Cardiff , looked as though she was holding on to Woody 's collar , trying to pull him away .
" She appeared to trip backwards and because it was an incline could n't get her footing and started to fall backwards .
I saw her head moving fast and I assume that 's when she was hit by the hoof of a cow .
Her eyes were closed and she was falling almost into a foetal position .
I thought she was unconscious . "
A postmortem examination found that she died from multiple injuries .
Peter Davies , the farmer who owns the field , said there was no public right of way where the two women were walking .
He said it would have been unusual for the animals not to show curiosity and that the best reaction was to " shoo " them .
The coroner , Mary Hassell , said there had been no evidence that either woman 's dog had been worrying the cattle .
She recorded a verdict of accidental death .
Click on graph for larger image in new window .
This graph shows the historical light vehicle sales ( seasonally adjusted annual rate ) from the BEA ( blue ) and an estimate for October ( red , light vehicle sales of 10.46 million SAAR from AutoData Corp ) .
The second graph shows light vehicle sales since the BEA started keeping data in 1967 .
Obviously sales were boosted significantly by the " Cash - for - clunkers " program in August and some in July .
This was the first month over a 10 million sales rate ( SAAR ) - excluding July and August - since December 2008 .
Still very low ...
The government 's statement made no mention of default but left other questions unanswered .
" The Dubai Financial Support Fund , working with the chief restructuring officer , will start to assess and evaluate the extent of the restructuring required , " it said .
" As a first step , Dubai World intends to ask all providers of financing to Dubai World and Nakheel to ' standstill ' and extend maturities until at least May 30 . "
by on
Friends , skeptics , countrymen , lend me your ears – but not brickabats .
I come not to praise vile , crony capitalism , that unholy offspring of influence peddling , corporate welfare , regulatory stupor , and oversized subsidies making big , bad banks even bigger and badder .
“ Too big to fail ” is now “ too big to lend , ” thus too big to help millions of paying “ customers . ”
If it were n’t tragic , it would be farce .
Rarely have so many trillions done so much for so undeserving an elite – all by design , in support of the status quo .
Feh !
Instead , I celebrate healthy , constructive capitalism , and the promising prospects of innovative , widespread , sustainable animal spirits anointed as “ conscious capitalism . ”
Conscious or karmic capitalism takes much longer term views of “ profitability , ” vs. rigged , quarterly charades , judging non-sustainable enterprise as bad for everyone , including investors .
Obeying Warren Buffett ’s dictum , plan to own companies for a century , these visionaries prize relationships ( with customers , vendors , employees ) , brand loyalty , corporate culture , intellectual capital , and low environmental impact .
Their motivation , whatever positives accrue , is not selflessness , but forging stronger links between the reality of self - interest and the mandate of community public interest .
Right now , some version of capitalism commands the world ’s stage : aside from gravity and family / tribal links , only this business paradigm unifies every country on earth .
Thus , to dismiss all capitalism as “ evil ” not only slights human nature , but fails to distinguish differences and denies inevitable evolution : why would something as powerful , and far - reaching , as world capitalism not evolve to something better , especially when the alternatives are nightmare scenarios for all .
Robber Bankers
Despite downsides , replete with booms , bubbles , and busts , no man -made engine has enriched so many lives – and life itself – in the west alone , since 1820 , doubling our average longevity .
Why , had I been born in 1780 , I might never have reached the age of punditry .
Aside from doubling longevity , and partnering with democracy and increased freedoms , here ’s my best defense for “ good capitalism : ” compared to backward , entrenched institutions – religion , law , politics , TV sit-coms , the Senate or the Pentagon , smart capitalism responds promptly to pressure , indeed relishes change and innovation , and historically learns to follow whatever norms or laws each culture enforces .
Good corporations welcome new work forces ( of late promoting minorities , gays and women ) and hear customer outrage ( e.g. baby seal clubbing , dolphins and tuna , sweatshops , green products , or genetically - modified French fries ) .
“ Bad capitalism ” prospers when risk is socialized but not profits , whether by federal largesse or no-bid , no-oversight contracts , backroom deals , subsidies , tax credits / preferences , or deregulation .
Clearly , saving us from this capitalism demands “ creative disruptions ” beyond White House band - aids , namely Glass - Stiegal and like interventions to restrain blundering avarice .
Zombie banks only tip the iceberg : on the docket for reform are reactionary ( subsidized ) energy companies , lobbyist - laden arms vendors and war profiteers , slow - footed auto makers , and diseased drug- medical insurance cartels .
Yet even the worst corporations are not kingdoms , if prosecutors act .
Enlightened voters – pushed hard enough by failed wars – can even end overwrought militarism before it ends us .
Imperialism has n’t paid its way ( while taking lives ) since perhaps the Spanish - American war .
Squandered trillions do n’t improve our productivity , in fact gift to more circumspect nations in Asia a big leg up in world commerce .
Beyond Profits , Pluck and Luck
Short - term profits are less essential drivers for me than 1 ) risk : putting up one ’s treasure , imagination , ego and time ; and 2 ) innovation or growth to attract talent , offset inflation , competition , or collapses .
Airlines and sports franchises live for decades without profits .
Business - like universities , NGOs , lobbyist and environmental - activists boast zero profits yet need constant customers , revenue and growth .
Partnerships pass through income , blurring distinctions between salary and profit , thus small business owners regularly draw only salary , viewing autonomy as their “ profit . ”
Statistical , macro defenses are unanswerable : teamed with science and technology , business over time produces jobs and wages , plus opportunity , equality , creature comforts and infrastructure .
Long - term charts testify to progress over time , with remarkable spurts in standards of living and family income .
From 1820 - 2003 , per capita western income rose ten - fold , despite population jumping six - fold .
Life expectancy , 24 years in 1000 , grew only to 36 by 1820 , but today tests 80 ( despite our lousy health care , high addictions , obesity , pollution , Republicans , and decades of barely changed cancer statistics ) .
Up With People
More big picture benefits : mass - produced inventions banish back - breaking toil , adding leisure time and the miracle of lengthy retirements .
True , unions , higher education and a depression achieved these blessings , but even reluctant businesses contribute .
Give India and China 50 years and billions more will rise from subsistence .
What rightwing Henry Ford proved – that ill - paid workers can’t consume the very goods they make – China is learning , promoting higher wages and 70 year property ownership “ leases . ”
Of course , rising living standards have commensurate environmental costs : pollution , decimated resources , and impoverished third - world “ outliers . ”
Conscious capitalism specifically focuses on “ externalities , ” like deferred environmental damage ( and clean - up , as in Superfund sites ) .
Government , business itself , and consumers will increasingly favor good green companies over dinosaurs .
Capitalism at War With Itself
Large and small , capitalism ’s strength is its fluid , protean nature , eager to gain by side - stepping old - time morality or petrified models .
Agile entrepreneurs driven by dreams of glory are naturally disruptive , even co-opting the anti-business ’ 60’s .
Indeed , less culture - bound than retreating socialism , the only solution to bad capitalism , by default , is sustainable , smart capitalism .
That mandates public vigilance which I think is coming .
While more prosperity will worsen global warming , the world ’s first planetary crisis provides opportunities never before seen .
Instead of handcuffing capitalism , world users may well insist it do that which neither arms nor religion has achieved : international trust and co-operation , especially addressing global warming and alternative energy .
What if planetary salvation demands re-channeling the technology of killing to a technology of life ?
Leftwing capitalists can dream , too .
Everything evolves , and for one dramatic example of conscious capitalism , check out “ radical industrialist ” Ray Anderson ’s story and his company , Interface .
A wave of progressive capitalism would even rewrite John Maynard Keynes ’s famous , cynical quip , “ Capitalism is the astounding belief that the most wickedest of men will do the most wickedest of things for the greatest good of everyone . ”
Filed under : Archive
APA Poolplayer Championships
April 27 – May 2 , 2021 , Westgate Las Vegas *
The culmination of individual play is the 8 - Ball Classic and 9 - Ball Shootout , held in conjunction with the APA Poolplayer Championships in Las Vegas .
In addition to the 8 - Ball Classic and 9 - Ball Shootout , the 8 - Ball Doubles , 9 - Ball Doubles and Wheelchair Championships , as well as MiniMania events , take place during the Poolplayer Championships .
Do NOT put screwdrivers into your penis !
Tuesday , September 29 , 2009
The storm 's path
The Philippines has appealed for international assistance following the worst flooding in more than 40 years .
At least 140 people have been killed and another 32 are missing as a result of the heavy rains , and the death toll from the disaster continues to rise .
The Philippine government has been attempting to provide shelter , food and basic supplies for hundreds of thousands of people displaced by the floods .
Typhoon Ketsana brought torrential rains to the northern Philippines on Saturday , inundating most of the capital Manila and surrounding provinces .
Surging water washed away buildings and cars .
Scores of people were killed and many are still missing .
President Gloria Macapagal - Arroyo called the disaster an " extreme event " that has strained the government 's capabilities to the limit .
She said rescue efforts will continue until all residents are accounted for .
Two days after the flooding , rescue and relief operations continue to be hampered by the lack of rubber boats and helicopters .
Many victims are demanding answers from local authorities for the lack of advance warning and the slow response to the emergency .
Victims said they were stranded on their rooftops for hours before help arrived .
" We are concentrating on massive relief operations .
[ But ] the system is overwhelmed , local government units are overwhelmed , " said National Disaster Coordinating Council deputy administrator Anthony Golez to reporters Monday .
Flood waters in some areas subsided on Monday , but thousands of homes are still reported to be without power .
The government has appealed for international humanitarian assistance .
Vilma Cabrera , assistant secretary of the Department of Social Welfare and Development of the Philippines , said Monday her agency needs donations of basic necessities .
" Right now we need mats , blankets , mosquito nets , cooking utensils .
We need hygiene kits and we need flashlights and lighting equipment , " said Cabrera .
" We are appealing for international humanitarian assistance , " said the Secretary of National Defense of the Philippines , Gilberto Teodoro .
" The potential for a more serious situation is there and we cannot wait for that to happen . "
The United States donated about US $ 100,000 to the Philippines after the disaster , as well as deploying twenty US soldiers on five rubber boats and a helicopter .
China and Japan gave $ 140,000 and $ 220,000 respectively for humanitarian disaster assistance to victims .
Australia provided A$ 1 million and Thailand is providing medical staff and supplies .
The World Food Programme and the UNICEF have both donated food and other materials .
People have been warned about the danger of water - borne diseases .
Philippine schools have been closed until Tuesday , and many offices remained closed .
Storms lash the Philippines every year .
Typhoon Ketsana , although not one of the strongest , brought very large amounts of rain .
In Manila Saturday , a month 's worth of rain fell in just 12 hours .
Sources
In case you were planning on masturbating your K - 9 dog , you may want to think again .
Apparently , if you are caught , you face up to a year in prison with a maximum of $ 1000 fine .
That ’s pretty stiff .
Unfortunately for 5 Virginia Correction Department officers , no one told them about this before hand .
Instead , they decided to masturbate one of the K - 9 dogs … videotaping the incident , you know , in case they wanted to watch it at some later date .
To make matters even more stupid , they showed the film to fellow correction officers .
Considering you are hearing about it here , you can assume that someone found the incident a bit less than funny .
Facing misdemeanor animal - cruelty charges are Kelvin Thompson , 25 , who works at Green Rock Correctional Center in Chatham ; Melvin Boone , 40 , who worked at the state prison in Sussex County ; Adam R. Webb , 27 , and Cheri Campbell , 35 , who work at Nottoway Correctional Center ; and Anthony Eldridge , 33 , a sergeant who worked at Nottoway .
Source : www2.starexponent.com
Now that we know who they are , what could have possibly led these guys to do that to a dog ?
Are they simply watching too much South Park ?
While I loved the ‘ Red Rocket ’ episode , it never occurred to me to go out and masturbate my dog .
… Thompson was told by the others , “ If you masturbate your K - 9 unit , you ’ll have greater control over it . “
Source : www2.starexponent.com
Well , stupid is what stupid does .
In a November 3 article , the Wall Street Journal reports that corporate cash holdings have reached extraordinary levels :
Stung by the financial crisis , companies are holding more cash — and a greater percentage of assets in cash — than at any time in the past 40 years .
In the second quarter , the 500 largest nonfinancial U.S. firms , by total assets , held about $ 994 billion in cash and short - term investments , or 9.8 % of their assets , according a Wall Street Journal analysis of corporate filings .
That is up from $ 846 billion , or 7.9 % of assets , a year earlier .
The trend appears to have continued in the third quarter , despite an improving economy .
Of those 500 companies , 248 have reported third - quarter results .
Their cash increased to 11.1 % of assets , from 10.1 % in the second quarter .
Companies as diverse as Alcoa Inc. , Google Inc. , PepsiCo Inc. and Texas Instruments Inc. all reported big third - quarter increases in cash holdings .
“ Everyone is hoarding cash , ” says Carsten Stendevad , head of Citigroup Inc. ’s financial - strategy group .
The article attributes the extraordinary cash holdings to long - term trends and to apprehension left over from last year ’s so - called credit crunch .
The large cash holdings may also reflect presently prevailing regime uncertainty — the inability to confidently forecast how the government will treat private property rights in the future .
When such uncertainty attained great heights during the years from 1935 to 1940 , entrepreneurs reacted by declining to make many long - term investments , putting what investments funds they did commit overwhelmingly into short - term and intermediate - term projects , such as purchases of tools and equipment and additions to inventory .
The shortest - term investment of all , of course , is to hold cash .
At present , interest rates are so low that a firm sacrifices little by holding cash , rather than , say , securities or other assets promising payoffs within the next few years .
The longer term remains clouded by uncertainties associated with the government ’s pending initiatives in energy , environmental policy , health care , financial regulation , taxation , warfare , monetary policy , and other key areas .
The possibility exists that policies will be adopted that spell ruin for thousands of firms , especially those that hold illiquid , long - term assets whose values will be adversely affected by the new policies .
It comes as no surprise , then , that firms are clinging to huge hoards of cash .
True , it ’s only fiat money , and the Fed may destroy a great chunk of its value before long , but with cash one has the ability to move quickly to shift investments and cut the losses , whereas longer - term assets may lock firms into positions from which they will find it difficult to bail out without great losses when the next government - spawned crisis hits .
Okay , maybe this guy actually should be making movies
In the post just below this one , I write quite skeptically about a planned upcoming movie that commercial director Carl Erik Rinsch is said to be “ circling . ”
Aside from my other strong misgivings about the project , I was initially unimpressed that yet another big movie was being helmed by a commercial director .
Now , as Ridley Scott ( one of the bosses at Rinsch ’s commercial production company ) proved , the demanding field of commercials can yield some fairly great directors .
At the same time , commercials are great proving grounds for visual flash and style , but do n’t require the kind of sustained storytelling that even dramatic short subjects require .
I think one reason old Hollywood worked better from a film consumer ’s point of view was that directors started on dramatic short subjects , then moved on to low budget “ B ” pictures , and finally on to main features .
I do n’t think I need to remind anyone where Michael Bay started .
Still , things have n’t worked in the old school way in a long , long time and I thought it was only fair for me to see if I could find some of Mr. Rinsch ’s commercials online .
And , I have to say , I was impressed — not that they ’re all perfect or indicate he ’ll be the next John Ford , but he certainly has a way with an arresting image and with some very cool CGI work as well .
I just wish Rinsch could find a more promising project than “ 47 Ronin ” — or figure some brilliant way to make the thing not as wrongheaded as it sounds .
We ’ll see about that , but I do think these are very intriguing pieces of work .
There ’s a bit of a Spike Jonze / Michel Gondry vibe here , alongside something else .
Much more after the jump .
Erick Erickson of Redstate.com wrote : " I did not realize the Nobel Peace Price had an affirmative action quota . "
Glenn Beck chimed in with his usual kind of absurdity : " The Nobel Peace Prize should be turned down by Barack Obama and given to [...] the tea party goers and the 9 - 12 Project . "
But the reaction that most caught my attention came from Republican Party chief Rush Limbaugh : " Folks , do you realize something has happened here that we all agree with the Taliban and Iran about and that is he does n't deserve the award .
Now that 's hilarious , that I 'm on the same side of something that the Taliban , and that we all are on the same side as the Taliban . "
And Limbaugh 's words led me to realize that the Republican Party of today has more in common with the Taliban than just a belief that Obama does n't deserve the Nobel Prize .
In fact , the two groups share more views than Limbaugh would probably want to admit .
For starters , the Republicans and the Taliban both think women need to be kept in their place .
The Taliban do this by threatening women who would venture outside the home , and throwing acid on girls who dare to go to school .
Fortunately , the Republicans do n't have quite that much physical power over us , so they just make noise about it :
On Good Morning America in 2007 , Glenn Beck showed his sexist colors during a rant about Hillary Clinton ( who dares to pursue -- and achieve -- political power despite her gender ) : " She had that tone of voice , where she just sounds like [ covers his ears ] .
I can't listen to it ' cause it sounds like -- it sounds like my wife saying , ' Take out the garbage . ' "
( Nice to see that he thinks so highly of his own wife . )
Ann Coulter , herself a woman , shared her views on the TV show Politically Incorrect in 2001 : " I think [ women ] should [...] not [ be allowed to ] vote . "
And , as a woman caller explained to Rush Limbaugh himself , on why he 's unpopular with women : " The first time I listened to your show you were criticizing a liberal woman 's blog , and at the end said something to the effect of , ' Well , at the end of the day she 's a babe so it does n't really matter anyways . ' "
This was not at all surprising , given some of Limbaugh 's other comments about women .
One of my favorites : " Some of these babes , I 'm telling you , like the sexual harassment crowd .
They 're out there protesting what they actually wish would happen to them sometimes . "
Misogyny aside , the Republicans and the Taliban also share a desire for theocracy .
The Taliban did so by instituting Sharia law .
The Republican approach is slightly more subtle , via the increased influence of the Religious Right on our government and politics .
And they cleverly have an alarming number of Americans convinced this was established as a " Christian nation " , even though our Founding Fathers had quite the opposite intention .
( See Thomas Jefferson 's 1802 letter to the Danbury Baptists , in which Jefferson defends the concept of a " wall of separation between Church & State . " )
Finally , the Republicans and the Taliban both want Obama to fail , and , by extension , want America to fail .
For the Taliban , it 's jihad .
Coming from the Republicans , I would call it treason .
Several Democratic senators voiced optimism on Sunday that Congress would pass a health care bill containing at least the germ of a government - run insurance program .
Their expectations were grudgingly seconded by Senator John McCain , the Republican presidential candidate in 2008 .
“ I think the Democrats have the votes , and in the House , Blue Dogs bark but never bite , ” Mr. McCain said on CBS ’s “ Face the Nation , ” using the nickname for conservative Democrats .
“ So I do n’t think they have a problem over in the House side .
In the Senate I think the Democrats are very aware that they do n’t want a repeat of the Clinton failure in 1994 .
So I think it ’s very likely they will get something through .
But it ’s not clear to me what it is . ”
Mr. McCain of Arizona was among the senators appearing on the Sunday morning television talk shows , which again focused on health care and Afghanistan .
The senators ’ remarks came after Harry Reid , the Senate majority leader , told President Obama on Thursday that he would try to press for a government - run insurance program .
With five health care bills under consideration in both branches of Congress , Speaker Nancy Pelosi has already said that the House version of the legislation would include the so - called public option , but other key senators have previously said it would be difficult to round up 60 votes needed to guarantee that the legislation would not be blocked by a likely Republican filibuster .
One question is what kind of public option  a full - blown government - insurance plan , or something like a “ trigger ” provision , which would create a government - run or nonprofit plan if insurance companies did not cut costs within a set period of time or under certain conditions .
ACM SIGPLAN 2010 Workshop on
Partial Evaluation and Program Manipulation ( PEPM '10 ) Mon-Tue , January 18 - 19 , 2010
Madrid , Spain
co-located with POPL '10 Sponsored by ACM SIGPLAN http://www.program-transformation.org/PEPM10
The PEPM Symposium / Workshop series aims to bring together researchers and practitioners working in the areas of program manipulation , partial evaluation , and program generation .
PEPM focuses on techniques , theories , tools , and applications of analysis and manipulation of programs .
The 2010 PEPM workshop will be based on a broad interpretation of semantics - based program manipulation in a continued effort to expand the scope of PEPM significantly beyond the traditionally covered areas of partial evaluation and specialization and include practical applications of program transformations such as refactoring tools , and practical implementation techniques such as rule - based transformation systems .
In addition , it covers manipulation and transformations of program and system representations such as structural and semantic models that occur in the context of model - driven development .
In order to reach out to practitioners , there is a separate category of tool demonstration papers .
Topics of interest for PEPM '10 include , but are not limited to :
Program and model manipulation techniques such as transformations driven by rules , patterns , or analyses , partial evaluation , specialization , program inversion , program composition , slicing , symbolic execution , refactoring , aspect weaving , decompilation , and obfuscation .
Program analysis techniques that are used to drive program / model manipulation such as abstract interpretation , static analysis , binding - time analysis , dynamic analysis , constraint solving , type systems , automated testing and test case generation .
Analysis and transformation for programs / models with advanced features such as objects , generics , ownership types , aspects , reflection , XML type systems , component frameworks , and middleware .
Techniques that treat programs / models as data objects including meta- programming , generative programming , deep embedded domain - specific languages , program synthesis by sketching and inductive programming , staged computation , and model - driven program generation and transformation .
Application of the above techniques including experimental studies , engineering needed for scalability , and benchmarking .
Examples of application domains include legacy program understanding and transformation , DSL implementations , visual languages and end - user programming , scientific computing , middleware frameworks and infrastructure needed for distributed and web - based applications , resource - limited computation , and security .
We especially encourage papers that break new ground including descriptions of how program / model manipulation tools can be integrated into realistic software development processes , descriptions of robust tools capable of effectively handling realistic applications , and new areas of application such as rapidly evolving systems , distributed and web - based programming including middleware manipulation , model - driven development , and on - the - fly program adaptation driven by run-time or statistical analysis .
Student attendants with accepted papers can apply for a SIGPLAN PAC grant to help cover travel expenses .
PAC also offers other support , such as for child - care expenses during the meeting or for travel costs for companions of SIGPLAN members with physical disabilities , as well as for travel from locations outside of North America and Europe .
For details on the PAC program , see the PAC web page
There will be formal proceedings published by ACM Press .
In addition to printed proceedings , accepted papers will be included in the ACM Digital Library .
Selected papers may later on be invited for a journal special issue dedicated to PEPM '10 .
Follow this link for the complete Call for Papers .
There is also a more compact PDF version
You should admire " Crash Course , " the new versus - focused bit of Left 4 Dead DLC , for several reasons .
A few of those are obvious -- it 's free , it 's well - paced , etcetera -- but I was awfully surprised to see some wonderfully message board - esque humor adorning the walls of the campaign 's second saferoom .
You can see a larger picture in the gallery below , but it seems that more than a few trolls survived Crash Course before Zoey and Francis ever showed up .
Reacting to a heart - wrenchingly genuine farewell poem written by a woman named Alison to her deceased loved one , Jonathan , numerous other survivors reply with comments worthy of the /b/ message board : " QQ , " one reads .
" Cool story bro , " says another .
Left 4
Dead 's safehouse messages have always been pretty damn funny , but hell if Crash Course 's do n't take the cake .
I 've long admired Valve for understanding their audience better than most companies ( " OMGWTFBBQ " is still my favorite Team Fortress 2 achievement ) , but the pitch - perfect tone of Crash Course 's script still pleasantly surprised me .
Hit the jump for a transcript of the wall writings if you can't make them out from the screenie .
Jonathan ,
You have touched my very being .
I shall remember you .
You taught all that knew you what courage meant
And have shown us an example in death as you did in life .
God give me strength in my life without you .
And I shall thank her .
I can only hope that our souls shall intwi entwine again
In that place where there is only love , no tears , no sadness ,
No injustice , no cruelty , no white , no black ,
No hate , no war , only love
Only love
Alison
Presumably , all the comments making fun of Alison 's poem are still readable .
" PS DON'T TELL ALISON " is my favorite , personally .
Click to open photo gallery :
Thoughts about technology , business and all that 's life .
I just gave a talk at work on “ Recommender Systems and the Netflix Prize ” , and included the two major popular articles about the prize in its final year or so .
One was in Wired Magazine and one was in the New York Times . , and each focused on one outstanding problem that the competitors faced .
Wired looked at the quirkiness of users as they rate movies , and the NYT focused on the difficulty of predicting ratings for a handful of divisive movies .
Now that the contest is over we can answer the question , “ were those problems solved ? ”
Let ’s start with the Wired article .
Entitled “ This Psychologist Might Outsmart the Math Brains Competing for the Netflix Prize ” [ link ] it interviewed Gavin Potter , aka “ Just a guy in a garage ” .
Here ’s the hook :
The computer scientists and statisticians at the top of the leaderboard have developed elaborate and carefully tuned algorithms for representing movie watchers by lists of numbers , from which their tastes in movies can be estimated by a formula .
Which is fine , in Gavin Potter 's view — except people are n't lists of numbers and do n't watch movies as if they were .
Potter is focusing on effects like the Kahneman - Tversky anchoring effect :
If a customer watches three movies in a row that merit four stars — say , the Star Wars trilogy — and then sees one that 's a bit better — say , Blade Runner — they 'll likely give the last movie five stars .
But if they started the week with one - star stinkers like the Star Wars prequels , Blade Runner might get only a 4 or even a 3 .
Anchoring suggests that rating systems need to take account of inertia — a user who has recently given a lot of above - average ratings is likely to continue to do so .
Potter finds precisely this phenomenon in the Netflix data ; and by being aware of it , he 's able to account for its biasing effects and thus more accurately pin down users ' true tastes .
Well Potter did n’t win , but did these kind of ideas help when it came to the winning submission ?
The answer is yes .
The winning teams worked these kind of patterns , which are independent of particular user - movie combinations , into their models through the bland name of “ baseline predictors ” .
Any model has to predict ratings that individual users will give for particular movies .
A very simple baseline predictor could take the average of all the ratings for that movie , take the average of all ratings given by the user in question , and split the difference .
So if the movie has an average rating of 3.45 and the user has rated all the movies he / she / they have watched with an average of 2.55 , then the model would predict a rating of 3 .
This includes some minimal level of user - quirkiness ( are they a high or low rater ? ) , some level of information about the movie ( is it rated highly or not ? ) yet has nothing to say about how this particular user is expected to react to this particular movie .
In their winning submission , the BellKor team [ PDF link ] list their major improvements in the final year of the competition , and the first item they give is improved baseline predictors .
In particular ,
Much of the temporal variability in the data is included within the baseline predictors , through two major temporal effects .
The first addresses the fact that an item ’s popularity may change over time .
For example , movies can go in and out of popularity as triggered by external events such as the appearance of an actor in a new movie .
This is manifested in our models by treating the item bias as a function of time .
The second major temporal effect allows users to change their baseline ratings over time .
For example , a user who tended to rate an average movie “ 4 stars ” , may now rate such a movie “ 3 stars ” .
This may reflect several factors including a natural drift in a user ’s rating scale , the fact that ratings are given in the context of other ratings that were given recently and also the fact that the identity of the rater within a household can change over time …
It was brought to our attention by our colleagues at the Pragmatic Theory team ( PT ) that the number of ratings a user gave on a specific day explains a significant portion of the variability of the data during that day .
A model with these variations , and no specific user - movie considerations ( i.e. , one that is useless for presenting a list of recommendations to a user ) actually ends up being significantly more accurate than Netflix ’s own Cinematch algorithm was at the beginning of the competition .
So score one for the winners – they solved the user - quirkiness problem .
The second article was in the New York Times and was called “ If You Liked This , You ’re Sure to Love That ” [ link ] .
Its focus was not the quirkiness of users , but unpredictable movies .
Author Clive Thompson interviewed Len Bertoni , a leading contestant :
The more Bertoni improved upon Netflix , the harder it became to move his number forward .
This was n’t just his problem , though ; the other competitors say that their progress is stalling , too , as they edge toward 10 percent .
Why ?
Bertoni says it ’s partly because of “ Napoleon Dynamite , ” an indie comedy from 2004 that achieved cult status and went on to become extremely popular on Netflix .
It is , Bertoni and others have discovered , maddeningly hard to determine how much people will like it .
When Bertoni runs his algorithms on regular hits like “ Lethal Weapon ” or “ Miss Congeniality ” and tries to predict how any given Netflix user will rate them , he ’s usually within eight - tenths of a star .
But with films like “ Napoleon Dynamite , ” he ’s off by an average of 1.2 stars …
And while “ Napoleon Dynamite ” is the worst culprit , it is n’t the only troublemaker .
A small subset of other titles have caused almost as much bedevilment among the Netflix Prize competitors .
When Bertoni showed me a list of his 25 most - difficult - to - predict movies , I noticed they were all similar in some way to “ Napoleon Dynamite ” — culturally or politically polarizing and hard to classify , including “ I Heart Huckabees , ” “ Lost in Translation , ” “ Fahrenheit 9/11 , ” “ The Life Aquatic With Steve Zissou , ” “ Kill Bill : Volume 1 ” and “ Sideways . ”
So this is the question that gently haunts the Netflix competition , as well as the recommendation engines used by other online stores like Amazon and iTunes .
Just how predictable is human taste , anyway ?
And if we ca n’t understand our own preferences , can computers really be any better at it ?
The reason Napoleon Dynamite is a problem is not because it ’s the most difficult movie to predict – it is n’t – but because it ’s difficult to predict and it was rated by a lot of people .
A movie that is difficult to predict but which is rated by only a handful of users will contribute very little to the total error in a model .
Well , now the competition is done , the complete data set and the predictions of the winning submission are available for download [ link ] , so download them I did , loaded them into a SQL Anywhere database , and graphed the results .
Here is a plot of the remaining error for each movie against the total number of ratings for that movie , for all 17770 movies .
Napoleon Dynamite is the red dot .
With 116,362 ratings , Napoleon Dynamite has a higher error than any other movie rated more than 50,000 times .
I ’s RMSE is 1.1934 : just as bad as it was for Len Bertoni when the original article was written .
So there you go : user quirkiness was resolved , at least the the extent that was needed to win the prize , while quirky movies remained stubbornly unpredictable till the end .
posicat
Carrying around a checkbook to keep track of all your debit card purchases is a pain , and thus something likely to be skipped , leading to inaccurate balances .
Experiment :
Print a business card with all the numbers from $ 500 to $ 5 counting down by 5's .
Then you round your balance DOWN to the nearest 5 , and cross out all numbers greater than that .
Then when you buy something you round UP to the nearest 5 and cross out that many more numbers on the card .
This gives you a balance estimate that will always be at least a little bit more than you really have in the account , you can get a new card whenever you deposit , or balance your checkbook .
On the back are several lines to quickly note the actual price if you wish .
I have these coming in the mail , figured it might be worth a try so I made up a test batch , and I 'm expecting them in the mail in a week or two .
If anyone wants a couple of them to try as well , let me know , I 'm getting 250 of these .
Conundrum : Carrying around a checkbook to keep track of all your debit card purchases is a pain , and thus something likely to be skipped , leading to inaccurate balances .
Experiment : Print a business card with all the numbers from $ 500 to $ 5 counting down by 5's .
Then you round your balance DOWN to the nearest 5 , and cross out all numbers greater than that .
Then when you buy something you round UP to the nearest 5 and cross out that many more numbers on the card .
This gives you a balance estimate that will always be at least a little bit more than you really have in the account , you can get a new card whenever you deposit , or balance your checkbook .
On the back are several lines to quickly note the actual price if you wish .
I have these coming in the mail , figured it might be worth a try so I made up a test batch , and I 'm expecting them in the mail in a week or two .
If anyone wants a couple of them to try as well , let me know , I 'm getting 250 of these .
15 comments
Speak
Link
Share
Flag Leave a Comment to the Entry
Profile User : posicat Name : Positronic Cat ( Mark Balliet ) Links Search Search :
Category : Site & User FAQ Site Region Interest Username Email Gizmo / LJ Talk AIM ICQ Number Yahoo !
ID MSN Jabber
Entry Tags
5:20 p.m. :
Videos added :
4:19 p.m. :
Police Chief Rosie Sizer :
After reviewing the video , I am troubled by it .
Officer Humphreys has been placed on administrative leave and I have directed the Internal Affairs Division to conduct an immediate and full investigation into whether the use of force was justified under the totality of circumstances and whether the application of the beanbag at close range was consistent with the Bureau ’s training , "
4:16 p.m. :
The media horde has left the building .
But the release is essentially the same as Sizer 's statement .
It continues : " After reviewing the video , I am troubled by it .
Officer Humphreys has been placed on administrative leave and I have directed the Internal Affairs Division to conduct an immediate and full investigation into whether the use of force was justified ... and whether the application of the beanbag at close range was consistent with the bureau 's training . "
4:13 p.m. :
From the news release :
" The incident was fully documented in police reports and TriMet video from the MAX platform was downloaded and reviewed by Chief Roseanne Sizer and Police Commissioner Dan Saltzman .
In an effort to be fully transparent and considering the seriousness of the incident , Commissioner Saltzman and Chief Sizer made the decisions to release the information and the TriMet video to the community . "
4:12 p.m. :
Chief Sizer made a brief statement and just left the news conference as reporters shouted questions at her .
One reporter who arrived late asked her to repeat the statement .
Sizer declined .
4:11 p.m. :
Chief Sizer says she was " troubled " by what she saw on the video .
4:10 p.m. :
Chief Rosie Sizer :
This incident at 10:47 p.m. Saturday , Nov. 14 , stems for a large party around Northeast 162nd Avenue and Halsey Street , Sizer says .
The two officers arrived and saw dozens of teens board a MAX train .
The officers followed the train to 148th and waited at the MAX platform .
As the train pulled in , one of the officers recognized a juvenile male who had been excluded from the MAX .
He also recognized a girl who had been excluded .
She resisted arrest and was not compliant .
So Officer Humphreys shot her in the thigh with a beanbag .
She suffered a bruise to her thigh and did not need medical care .
The girl has already appeared in juvenile court for a preliminary hearing .
She faces several charges but is not in custody .
4:05 p.m. :
Portland Police Bureau news release :
4 p.m.:
Reporters awaiting Portland police Chief Rosie Sizer on the 15th floor of the Justice Center in downtown Portland .
Detective Mary
Wheat , the police bureau spokeswoman , just told reporters that the chief would make a statement but would not answer questions , suggesting that this might be a brief news conference .
3:55 p.m. :
Portland police Chief Rosie Sizer is holding a news conference to discuss a recent bean bag - shooting of a 12 - year - old girl after a dispute with officers on or near a MAX train .
»
TriMet caught the encounter on videotape , which shows the girl hitting a police officer and then being shot with a bean - bag gun once by Officer Christopher Humphreys .
Humphreys is the same officer involved in the arrest and struggle with James P. Chasse Jr. , who died in police custody in September 2006 .
The 12 - year - old has been charged in juvenile court , and no charges have been filed against Humphreys .
Background on Humphreys :
Humphreys is currently facing a proposed unpaid suspension of two weeks for his role in the Chasse case .
Police Commissioner Dan Saltzman said Humphreys failed to provide paramedics with complete information on the struggle and the police use of a stun gun against Chasse as police tried to take him into custody , and also failed to insist Chasse was transported to the hospital by ambulance after he was stunned with a Taser , and after the jail refused to book him because of his physical condition .
Chasse died in police custody as he was being driven in a patrol car to a hospital .
-- Maxine Bernstein and Stephen Beaven
‘ THE Wire , ” HBO ’s gritty se ries about life in the Baltimore ghetto , is about to become a course at Harvard .
The announcement came at a panel discussion at the school featuring several of the show ’s stars , according to the Harvard student newspaper , The Crimson .
The class will be taught by sociology professor William J. Wilson , one of the best - known African American history professors in the country , who has made no secret of the fact that he is a huge fan of the show .
“ I do not hesitate to say that it has done more to enhance our understanding of the challenges of urban life and the problems of urban inequality , more than any other media event or scholarly publication , ” Wilson told the audience before poking fun at himself , “ including studies by social scientitsts . ”
Sonja Sohn , who played Det. Kima Gregs , Andre Royo ( Bubbles ) and Michael Kenneth Williams ( Omar Little ) were on the panel talking about the show ’s unusual impact .
The series ran for five seasons , starting in 2002 .
Each year , it took on a different aspect of urban life — from drugs to schools to the news media .
Harvard will be not the first college course on “ The Wire . ”
Other students commented on The Crimson ’s site that courses on the TV show already exist at Duke University and Middlebury College .
Wednesday , September 09 , 2020
The Drupal 7 end of life date has been pushed back by a year , but that does n't mean your preparations for the future should be postponed .
Learn more about what options are available and what plan would best suit the needs of your business .
Domingo 15 de noviembre de 2009
Redacci�n | El Universal
09:45
De acuerdo con la Encuesta Nacional de Ocupaci�n y Empleo , el estado de Coahuila ocup� , durante en tercer trimestre del a�o , el segundo lugar nacional en desempleo , s�lo debajo de Chihuahua .
Durante los meses de julio , agosto y septiembre , la tasa de desocupaci�n del estado se situ� en 9.7 % , un nivel que no se hab �a alcanzado desde hace nueve a�os .
En el segundo trimestre s�lo hab �a 101 mil 960 coahuilenses desocupados ; sin embargo , la cifra aument� a 142 mil 90 .
Despu�s de Chihuahua y Coahuila , las entidades con mayor �ndice de desempleo en el pa�s son el Distrito Federal , Nuevo Le�n , Quer�taro y Aguascalientes .
sc
Mountain rescuers said the call - out was avoidable
Rescuers have criticised a group who tried to take a man in a wheelchair up Snowdon then called for help when they ran into difficulties .
The group from Coventry were taking part in a fundraising record attempt to see how many martial arts enthusiasts could climb the mountain at one time .
They carried the man up Llanberis Path but found it too tough to go further .
They then left the man in the wheelchair with a friend , while they carried on and reached the peak .
When they returned to the man in the wheelchair , they were too tired to carry him back down and called for help from mountain rescuers .
Llanberis mountain rescue team carried the 31 - year - old man , who they said was cold , from the foot of Allt Moses to the mountain railway and put him on a train to the foot of the mountain .
The rescue team said the call - out on Saturday could have been avoided if the party had turned around with the wheelchair instead of continuing the ascent .
[ Update May 2011 – Closed ]
Location : SW 3rd and Ash
Description :
I was out late the other night and happened upon the newest cart in the SW 3rd and Ash pod – Ninja Plate Lunch .
They were celebrating their first late night weekend .
I had just munched on a taco from a different late night stand , so was too full to indulge .
I ’m glad I did n’t eat that night because yesterday , I ventured down and enjoyed a great lunch at Ninja Plate .
The owners , Kahala and Kat , told me their goal is to provide large portions of tasty traditional Hawaiian food for a low price .
In looking at the menu , there is nothing there over $ 5 .
In this day and age , $ 5 is a great price for lunch .
When they said large portions , I was n’t sure what that meant until I saw Kat place two scoops of rice and a generous scoop of potato / macaroni salad on a plate then pass it over for the Kahlua pig .
I had ordered the pig which turned out to be a large portion of pulled pork shoulder that had been marinated , then cooked and pulled apart before serving .
The plate I received could feed two people easy .
When I sat down to enjoy this meal , I first just stared at it .
What a generous amount of food .
I first picked at the pork which was soft , juicy and very flavorful .
Then the rice which was sticky and a perfect match to go with the slightly salty pork .
Lastly , I dove into the potato / macaroni salad … and never looked back .
I ’m used to the type of macaroni salad that after a couple of bites , you realize you have eaten your daily intake of mayo .
Not so in this case .
Mixed in salad were chucks of potato , carrot , and peas .
No excess mayo here .
The pork was the highlight of the entire meal .
No extra sauce or salt or any type of seasoning was needed .
It stood on its own as a perfect presentation of this type of dish .
I did my best to finish the meal , and almost did .
So good .
I only left a little rice .
Oh and to top it all off , you get a Dum Dum sucker with every meal .
Ninja Plate Lunch opened just a week ago and are still working out a finalized menu .
What I list below is what was offered that day .
It may change , but I bet it will only change for the better .
Kat and Kahala are a couple of nice friendly cartrepreneuers , so you should go say hi .
Oh and check them out late night if you in Old Town for a show or just out causing trouble .
Tell them Food Carts Portland sent ya .
Sample Menu :
Shoyu Chicken – $ 5
Kahlua Pig – $ 5
Hamburger steak – $ 5
Loco Moco – rice with hamburger patty on top covered with egg and brown gravy – $ 5
Chicken Curry – $ 5
Tofu Curry – $ 5
all plates come with 2 scoops of rice and 1 scoop of potato / mac salad
Spam Masubi – $ 2
Hours : Monday through Saturday , 11 am - 3 pm ; Friday and Saturday nights from 11 pm - 3am
Twitter : NinjaPlateLunch on Twitter
INSERT_MAP
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Email
Print
This is a new thread for updates on the analyses of the data and code freed from CRU .
Everybody , I 'm sinking under weight of things to do here .
I need you to post one or two line analyses of what you are finding in which bits of code .
I 'll transfer these to the main post as they come in .
It needs to be in layman 's language and to have a link to your work .
CRU code
Screen Reader User Survey # 2 Results
Introduction
In October 2009 , WebAIM conducted a survey of preferences of screen reader users .
We received 665 valid responses to the screen reader user survey .
This was a follow - up survey to a previous survey .
Follow - up surveys were conducted in December 2010 , May 2012 , January 2014 , July 2015 , and October 2017 .
A few disclaimers and notices : Totals may not equal 100 % due to rounding .
Total responses ( n ) for each question may not equal 665 due to respondents not answering that particular question .
The sample was not controlled and may not represent all screen reader users .
Care should be taken in interpreting these results .
Responses are based upon user experiences with web content that is generally inaccessible .
We cannot help but wonder if responses may have been different if screen reader interactions with web content were typically very positive .
Data was analyzed using JMP Statistical Discovery Software version 8
We hope to conduct a survey of this nature again in the future .
If you have recommendations or questions you would like asked , please let us know .
Additional analysis of this data and details on the responses to open - ended questions will be available in the future .
Demographics Disability Reported
Do you use a screen reader due to a disability ?
Response # of Respondents % of Respondents Yes 586 90 % No 65 10 % Screen Reader Proficiency
Please rate your screen reader proficiency Response # of Respondents % of Respondents Advanced 339 52.6 % Intermediate 276 42.8 % Beginner 30 4.7 %
Those who use screen readers due to a disability report themselves as being much more proficient with screen readers .
Those with disabilities were nearly 6 times more likely to report themselves as having advanced screen reader proficiency .
While it is not surprising that those with disabilities are more proficient with a screen reader , it was surprising that very few ( 1.6 % ) of them consider themselves beginners , as opposed to 32.8 % of those without a disability .
This may indicate that most screen reader users are confident with their technology , or perhaps more likely , that this online survey was primarily accessed by those with higher screen reader proficiency .
Internet Proficiency
Please rate your proficiency using the Internet Response # of Respondents % of Respondents Advanced 421 64.9 % Intermediate 218 33.6 % Beginner 10 1.5 %
Those who use screen readers due to a disability reported slightly lower Internet proficiency than those without disabilities .
Primary Screen Reader
Which of the following is your primary screen reader ?
Screen Reader # of Respondents % of Respondents JAWS 435 66.4 % Window Eyes 68 10.4 % VoiceOver 58 8.9 % System Access or System Access To Go 32 4.9 % NVDA 19 2.9 % ZoomText 17 2.6 % Hal 4 0.6 % Supernova 1 0.2 % Other 21 3.2 %
There was no marked difference in primary screen reader use between respondents with and without disabilities ; however , those without disabilities were more likely to use NVDA ( 10.2 % of respondents ) than those with disabilities ( 2.2 % ) .
Screen Readers Commonly Used
Which of the following screen readers do you commonly use ?
( select all that apply ) Screen Reader # of Respondents % of Respondents JAWS 500 75.2 % Window Eyes 156 23.5 % VoiceOver 97 14.6 % System Access or System Access To Go 148 22.3 % NVDA 170 25.6 % ZoomText 50 7.5 % Supernova 18 2.7 % Hal 18 2.7 % Other 51 7.7 % 49 % of respondents commonly use more than one screen reader .
23 % use more than two and 8 % use more than three screen readers .
System Access or SAToGo and NVDA are relatively commonly used ( 23 % and 26 % , respectively ) , yet are less common as a primary screen readers ( 5 % and 3 % ) .
When compared to the results from our previous survey , JAWS and Window Eyes use is almost identical , yet NVDA , Voice Over , and System Access usage increased tremendously .
Screen Reader Updates
Has your primary screen reader been updated in the last year ?
Response # of Respondents % of Respondents Yes 537 83.6 % No 105 16.4 %
The vast majority of respondents updated their primary screen reader within the previous year .
This is slightly higher than the 75 % who reported updating within a year in our previous survey .
It 's important to note , however , that a significant number of users may still be using screen readers that are several years old .
Reasons for Use
What is the main reason for using your primary screen reader ?
Response # of Respondents % of Respondents Existing Comfort / Expertise 270 42.9 % Features 207 32.9 % Availability 71 11.3 % Support 45 7.1 % Cost 37 5.9 %
Those with disabilities indicated " Existing Comfort / Expertise " nearly three times as often as those without disabilities .
Those without disabilities favored availability ( 36 % of respondents ) over all other factors .
Screen Reader Learning
How did you learn to use your primary screen reader ?
( select all that apply ) Response # of Respondents % of Respondents Self - taught 485 72.9 %
Informally , by asking friends , etc. 219 32.9 %
Took a training course 161 24.2 % Other 70 10.5 %
When comparing many of the other responses , there is very little difference in responses between those that were self - taught and those who took a training course .
How Obtained
How did you obtain your primary screen reader ?
Response # of Respondents % of Respondents I bought it myself 223 34.7 %
It was received through a government program 147 22.9 %
It was provided to me by my employer 111 17.3 % Other 62 9.7 % I downloaded it free of charge from the Internet 32 5.0 %
It was provided to me by my school 26 4.0 % I 'm using a pirated version of a commercial screen reader 25 3.9 % I 'm using a trial version of a commercial screen reader 16 2.5 % 36.6 % of those with disabilities purchased their own screen reader as compared to only 9.7 % of those without disabilities .
While those without disabilities were most likely to get their screen reader from their employers ( 43.5 % ) , they very rarely received them from government or school programs .
30.9 % of beginning screen reader users obtained free , pirated , or freely downloadable screen readers compared to only 8.4 % of advanced users .
Browsers
When using your primary screen reader , which browser do you use most often ?
Browser # of Respondents % of Respondents IE8 207 32.0 % IE7 170 26.2 % Firefox 3 + 122 18.8 % IE6 82 12.7 % Safari 54 8.3 % Opera 2 0.3 % Other 11 1.7 % Note :
The survey question asked which browser was most often used with the primary screen reader , but did not ask for any browsers used .
Compare these answers with results from our previous survey results , which report all web browsers used .
In line with the previous survey , those without disabilities were much more likely to use Firefox than those with disabilities ( 32 % to 17 % ) .
The number of Safari and Opera users , as expected , are very similar to the VoiceOver users documented above ( note that Voice Over support for Opera is very new ) .
Free / Low -cost Screen Readers
Do you see free or low - cost screen readers ( such as NVDA or VoiceOver ) as currently being viable alternatives to commercial screen readers ?
Response # of Respondents % of Respondents Yes 318 47.8 % No 131 19.7 % I Don't Know 216 32.5 %
Interestingly , only 242 ( 36.4 % ) of respondents reported using NVDA or VoiceOver , yet 47.9 % of respondents indicate that such screen readers are viable alternatives to commercial screen readers .
Advanced screen reader users were more likely to indicate that these are viable alternatives .
Mobile Screen Reader Usage
Do you use a screen reader on a mobile phone or mobile handheld device ?
Response # of Respondents % of Respondents Yes 313 50 % No 319 50 %
To us , the fact that 53 % of those with disabilities use a screen reader on a mobile device was one of the most surprising results of this survey .
Only 8 % of those without disabilities use a mobile screen reader .
This underscores the importance of an increased focus on accessibility of mobile content and devices , and that evaluators and other accessibility specialists need to increase their usage and knowledge of mobile accessibility .
Not surprisingly , more proficient screen reader users were more likely to use a mobile screen reader ( 66 % of advanced users to only 3 % of beginners ) .
Javascript Disabled
Do you have javascript disabled in your web browser ?
Response # of Respondents % of Respondents Yes 62 10.4 % No 448 74.9 % I Do n't Know 88 14.7 %
This response may help strengthen the notion that scripted content must be made accessible .
Many developers incorrectly believe that inaccessible scripting is permissible so long as it degrades gracefully or a non-scripted alternative is provided .
The vast majority of screen reader respondents encounter scripted content .
Braille Output
Do you use braille output with your screen reader ?
Response # of Respondents % of Respondents Yes 185 29.4 % No 445 70.6 %
This does not necessarily suggest that 29.4 % of respondents rely on Braille output , but only that they have access to it .
Images and Alternative Text " Smiling Lady " Images Images are commonly used in web pages to visually convey a feeling or mood .
For example , a photo of a smiling woman might be included to convey that the company is personable and friendly .
How would you prefer this image be handled ?
Response # of Respondents % of Respondents Described as " Photo of smiling lady " 356 57.1 % Described as " Smiling lady " 126 20.2 % Ignored entirely by my screen reader 80 12.8 % Described as " Our company is personable and friendly " 62 9.9 %
These responses should NOT be interpreted to suggest that all decorative images should be given alternative text or that the alt text for all photographs should begin with " Photo of ... " .
Screen reader users prefer to have this " Smiling lady " - type image identified , even if the full content or meaning of the image cannot be conveyed .
However , those without disabilities were three times more likely to prefer the image be ignored , suggesting that they view it as being decorative .
This apparent disconnect between responses of those with disabilities and those without disabilities was found in a similar question on the previous survey .
We cannot help but think that blind screen reader users might find their experiences less enjoyable if all such images , which are typically unidentified now , were suddenly identified to them .
This underscores WebAIM 's long held notion that providing proper , equivalent alternative text is the most difficult aspect of web accessibility .
We will likely follow up on this issue in a future survey .
Complex Images
Some images , such as charts , diagrams , or comic strips , are too complex to describe in only a few words .
If a long , detailed description of these images is available , how would you prefer to have it presented to you ?
Response # of Respondents % of Respondents
As text on the web page , immediately following the image 178 28.4 %
As optional text , available on the same page but only if I request it by following a link 167 26.6 %
On a separate page , available by following a link 124 19.8 %
As a very long description ( alt text ) on the image itself 89 14.2 %
On a separate page , announced by and available to my screen reader 57 9.1 % Ignored entirely by my screen reader 12 1.9 %
There is no clear consensus in these responses .
However , the in - page options outweigh the options that place the longer description on another page .
Interestingly , the option of placing the alternative on a separate page but having it announced by the screen reader , the current behavior of images with the longdesc attribute , was a very unpopular option , second only to being ignored entirely .
ARIA Landmarks ARIA ( Accessible Rich Internet Applications ) introduces something called landmarks .
These provide quick access to page areas , such as navigation , search , and main content .
Which of the following best describes your use of landmarks ?
Response # of Respondents % of Respondents I did n't know this functionality existed 240 42.1 % I sometimes use landmarks for navigation 183 32.1 % I use landmarks for navigation whenever they are present 117 20.5 %
My screen reader does not support landmarks 30 5.3 % With 42.1 % of question respondents unaware of landmark functionality ( 95 respondents did n't even answer this question ) , this clearly suggests that additional training or dissemination about the utility of landmarks needs to occur .
Problematic Items Most Problematic Items
The survey asked respondents to select their most , second most , and third most problematic items from a list .
In giving each selected item a weighting , the following chart shows the amount of difficulty and frustration users encounter with each item .
Problematic items identified are , in order ( most difficult / confusing first ) : CAPTCHA - images presenting text used to verify that you are a human user
The presence of inaccessible Flash content Links or buttons that do not make sense Images with missing or improper descriptions ( alt text ) Complex or difficult forms Lack of keyboard accessibility Screens or parts of screens that change unexpectedly Missing or improper headings
Too many links or navigation items Complex data tables Lack of " skip to main content " or " skip navigation " links Inaccessible or missing search functionality
The chart above shows a weighting of responses to three questions .
When analyzing the single " Most Problematic Item " question , 28 % of respondents listed CAPTCHA as the most problematic or confusing item encountered , with Flash ( 22 % ) , Keyboard Accessibility ( 10 % ) , and Ambiguous Links ( 10 % ) as other most problematic items .
It must be noted that Flash content , like most other items listed here , can be made accessible ( at least for users on the Windows platform ) .
In fact , Flash content can have other general accessibility issues listed ( e.g. , ambiguous links , difficult forms , missing alt text , etc. ) .
While treated here as a distinct item , it 's important to note that Flash is not inaccessible merely because it is present in a page , but because the Flash author has not implemented accessibility .
Least Problematic Items
Of the items listed , which item causes the least amount of frustration or difficulty for you ?
Response # of Respondents % of Respondents Lack of " skip to main content " or " skip navigation " links 185 31.3 % Images with missing or improper descriptions ( alt text ) 94 15.9 %
Too many links or navigation items 57 9.6 % Complex or difficult forms 42 7.1 % Missing or improper headings 39 6.6 %
Links or buttons that do not make sense 39 6.6 % Lack of keyboard accessibility 29 4.9 % Inaccessible or missing search functionality 28 4.7 % Complex data tables 26 4.4 % Screens or parts of screens that change unexpectedly 19 3.2 % CAPTCHA - images presenting text used to verify that you are a human user 19 3.2 %
The presence of inaccessible Flash content 15 2.5 %
This should n't be interpreted to suggest that " skip " links or alternative text ( note that alternative text is the 4th most problematic feature above ) can or should be omitted .
This data likely indicates that screen reader users tend to find issues with these items less problematic than other things , or more likely , that they encounter these problems so frequently they have developed alternative mechanisms to bypass or remedy these difficulties .
The fact that missing skip links are identified as the least problematic accessibility issue in this list reaffirms our own feeling that skip links are much more valuable for sighted users that rely on a keyboard for navigation than for screen reader users who tend to navigate by headings ( see below ) .
Web Accessibility Progress
In general , which of the following best describes your feelings regarding the accessibility of web content over the previous year ?
Response # of Respondents % of Respondents Web content has become more accessible 286 46.3 %
Web content accessibility has not changed 206 33.3 %
Web content has become less accessible 126 20.4 % Respondents generally think web accessibility has improved in the last year .
Respondents with disabilities were less positive about progress than those without disabilities - they were 4 times more likely to indicate that web content accessibility has decreased in the previous year .
Impact on Accessibility
Which of the following do you think has a bigger impact on improvements to web accessibility ?
Response # of Respondents % of Respondents Better ( more accessible ) web sites 431 68.6 % Better assistive technology 197 31.4 %
Reasons for Inaccessibility
Which of the following do you think is the primary reason that many developers do not create accessible web sites ?
Response # of Respondents % of Respondents Lack of awareness of web accessibility 242 38.0 % Lack of web accessibility skills or knowledge 176 27.6 %
Fear that accessibility will hinder the look , feel , or functionality 164 25.7 %
Lack of budget or resources to make it accessible 55 8.6 % Respondents with disabilities were most likely to select " Lack of Awareness " as the primary reason developers do not create accessible web sites .
However , respondents without disabilities favored " Lack of Knowledge " nearly twice as often as those with disabilities .
Social Media Social Media Tools Frequently Used
Which of the following social media sites or tools do you frequently use ?
Social Media Tool # of Respondents % of Respondents Blogs 317 47.7 % Facebook 279 42.0 % LinkedIn 89 13.4 % MySpace 60 9.0 % Twitter 254 38.2 % YouTube 341 51.3 %
Interestingly , YouTube ( perhaps the most visual of the tools listed ) has the highest usage .
People without disabilities were more likely to use all of the social media tools , with the exception of MySpace , which had a higher prevalence among those with disabilities ( though the lowest usage overall ) .
Blog Accessibility
How accessible are blogs to you ?
Response # of Respondents % of Respondents Very Accessible 209 44.8 % Somewhat Accessible 226 48.4 % Somewhat Inaccessible 28 6.0 % Very Inaccessible 4 0.9 %
Of those who use blogs or are familiar with blog accessibility , nearly all ( 93.2 % ) report that they are very or somewhat accessible .
Facebook Accessibility How accessible is FaceBook to you ?
Response # of Respondents % of Respondents Very Accessible 36 10.0 % Somewhat Accessible 175 48.7 % Somewhat Inaccessible 100 27.9 % Very Inaccessible 48 13.4 % LinkedIn Accessibility How accessible is LinkedIn to you ?
Response # of Respondents % of Respondents Very Accessible 16 9.8 % Somewhat Accessible 47 28.7 % Somewhat Inaccessible 50 30.5 % Very Inaccessible 51 31.1 % MySpace Accessibility
How accessible is MySpace to you ?
Response # of Respondents % of Respondents Very Accessible 42 39.3 % Somewhat Accessible 49 45.8 % Somewhat Inaccessible 11 10.3 % Very Inaccessible 5 4.7 % Twitter Accessibility How accessible is Twitter to you ?
Response # of Respondents % of Respondents Very Accessible 172 61.9 % Somewhat Accessible 81 29.1 % Somewhat Inaccessible 14 5.0 % Very Inaccessible 11 4.0 %
We 're confident that the high accessibility of Twitter is a result of accessible Twitter clients , particularly AccessibleTwitter.com .
YouTube Accessibility
How accessible is YouTube to you ?
Response # of Respondents % of Respondents Very Accessible 111 26.1 % Somewhat Accessible 223 52.5 % Somewhat Inaccessible 61 14.4 % Very Inaccessible 30 7.1 % Social Media Accessibility
In general , how accessible are social media web sites to you ?
Response # of Respondents % of Respondents Very Accessible 45 8.3 % Somewhat Accessible 285 52.7 % Somewhat Inaccessible 107 19.8 % Very Inaccessible 25 4.6 % I Do n't Know 79 14.6 %
While social media tools and sites are generally considered to have good accessibility , the details above highlight that accessibility varies greatly across such tools .
Flash Accessibility
When you encounter Flash content on web sites , how likely is it to be accessible to you ?
Response # of Respondents % of Respondents Very Likely 29 4.8 % Somewhat Likely 169 27.8 % Somewhat Unlikely 165 27.1 % Very Unlikely 216 35.5 % I Do n't Know 30 4.9 %
It should be noted that while respondents indicate generally poor likelihood for Flash accessibility ( 62.6 % say it is somewhat or very unlikely ) , there is no general baseline for comparison .
In other words , there 's no way of knowing how much more likely it is for Flash content to be inaccessible than non-Flash web content .
Still , these results are very similar to our previous survey results which showed 71.5 % of screen reader users reporting that Flash is difficult .
As noted above , unlike graphical CAPTCHAs , Flash can be made fully accessible on certain platforms , but it remains an issue primarily because authors do not implement Flash accessibility .
Finding Information
When trying to find information on a lengthy web page , which of the following are you most likely to do first ?
Response # of Respondents % of Respondents Navigate through the headings on the page 321 50.8 %
Use the " Find " feature 145 22.9 % Navigate through the links of the page 102 16.1 % Read through the page 64 10.1 %
These responses underscore our previous findings which indicate that a good heading structure is a very important aspect of web accessibility and usability .
Internet file sharers swapping music , movies and TV shows over peer - to - peer networks are killing media and technology companies , right ?
Wrong .
According to a study conducted by Frank N. Magid Associates published in AdAge , " the P2P user attends 34 % more movies in theaters , purchases 34 % more DVDs and rents 24 % more movies than the average Internet user . "
Follow the Chart Of The Day on Twitter : www.twitter.com/chartoftheday
Get This Delivered To Your Inbox
You can get this dropped in your inbox every afternoon as The Chart Of The Day .
It 's a simple .
It 's convenient .
It 's free .
All we need is your email address ( though we 'd love your name and state , too , if you 're willing to share it ) .
Sign up below !
Mr. Pelifian received a B.A. from the State University of New York at Geneseo , NY in English / Drama and Education , an MBA in International Managment from Thunderbird School of Global Management in Arizona .
He served in the U.S. Army with one year in Qui Nhon , South Vietnam .
A former Peace Corps Volunteer in Thailand , he worked for several more years overseas , primarily in Thailand in the U.S. Refugee Program .
He is now writing novels , plays and short stories .
His latest work is a play , Thoreau .
" The play encompasses one summer in Henry David Thoreau 's life including his marriage proposal to Ellen Sewall , his arrest and jailing for failing to pay his taxes and his climb to the summit of Mount Katahdin in Maine .
Thoreau hires a Penobscot Indian , Joe Polis , who guides him to the base of Mount Katahdin . "
Although the age we live in is often marked by apathy towards the missteps of government by many in our society sometimes when those mistakes , blunders and lapses become great or intolerable people take action .
Avoiding violence is paramount and it may be accomplished by a peaceful revolution .
Our American story on this subject begins in1846 when a man was jailed in Massachusetts for failing to pay his poll tax .
At that time Americans were fighting in the Mexican War .
Slavery at the time existed and a minority of Americans advocated the abolition of slavery .
The man who was jailed was Henry David Thoreau .
He refused to pay his poll tax and was jailed .
If a relative had not paid the tax for him he would have remained in jail longer than one day .
He spent a night in jail behind “ walls of solid stone , two or three feet thick , the door of wood and iron , a foot thick , and the iron grating which strained the light . ”
Thoreau did not pay the poll tax because he believed the government was wrong to support both slavery and a war with Mexico .
The crux of the matter for Thoreau in his essay Civil Disobedience was “ the government itself , which is only the mode which the people have chosen to execute their will , is equally liable to be abused and perverted before the people can act through it .
Witness the Mexican war , the work of comparatively a few individuals using the standing government as their tool ; for in the outset , the people would not have consented to this measure ”
Thoreau states concepts and ideas in Civil Disobedience that are often concealed on public airwaves from the citizenry today by media corporations allowed to increase or maintain their profits by favorable legislation as well as public and private institutions subsidized by government largess .
“ If a thousand men were not to pay their tax - bills this year , that would not be a violent and bloody measure , as it would be to pay them and enable the state to commit violence and shed innocent blood .
This is , in fact , the definition of a peaceful revolution , if any such is possible . ”
“ There will never be a really free and enlightened State until the State comes to recognize the individual as a higher and independent power , from which all power and authority are derived , and treats him accordingly . ”
“ Thus the State never intentionally confronts a man ’s sense , intellectual or moral , but only his body , his senses .
It is not armed with superior wit or honesty , but with superior physical strength .
I was not born to be forced .
I will breathe after my own fashion .
Let us see who is the strongest . ”
“ All men recognize the right of revolution ; that is the right to refuse allegiance to and to resist , the government , when its tyranny and or inefficiency are great and unendurable . ”
“ A minority is powerless while it conforms to the majority ; it is not even a minority then ; but it is irresistible when it clogs by its whole weight . ”
The two political parties and their emissaries vying for power often cloud the waters for elucidating the most effective and efficient use of national resources contribute to a Disunited States of America , a division favorable to the entrenched political parties .
This chronic political squabbling over some issues masks an essential discussion over the best role of government as well as the costs of government , which are looming over the country like a dark cloud .
The essay Civil Disobedience was published in 1849 predicting a world of wooden men :
“ The mass of men serve the state thus , not as men mainly , but as machines , with their bodies .
They are the standing army , and the militia , jailors , constables , posse comitatus , etc .
In most cases there is no free exercise whatever of the judgment or of the moral sense ; but they put themselves on a level with wood and earth and stones ; and wooden men can perhaps be manufactured that will serve the purpose as well . ”
Our government has spent trillions of dollars on national security and the military including robot and drones .
Thousands of military personnel and innocent civilians have perished and been maimed in two optional wars in Iraq and Afghanistan in which trillions of dollars will ultimately be expended with unknown repercussions .
Nationally elected political leaders have fogged up these wars in patriotism , a flimsy chord of reason to justify superpower pre-emptive wars , though patriotism often strikes the right chord of emotion for war .
Who is guilty of the crime at the World Trade Center ?
Nineteen men .
A terrorist group .
Was the country or government of Saudi Arabia responsible for its eighteen citizens who participated in the attack on the World Trade Center ?
Or Egypt because the apparent leader of the attack was an Egyptian citizen ?
Has it been established or proven that the Afghan and Iraq governments were complicit in this crime ?
Has collective punishment in optional wars become a strategy for initiating war to further the concept that foreign occupiers bring stability ?
Thoreau ’s abiding interest was nature , the trees , creatures inhabiting the wilderness , flowers and the mountains and everything in between .
He minded his own business and went about his life .
How does such a man become an advocate for peaceful revolution ?
Thoreau explained it in Civil Disobedience , “ I was seized and put into jail because I did not pay a tax to , or recognize the authority of the state which buys and sells men , women and children like cattle at the door of its senate — house … …
I was never molested by any person but those who represented the state ...... Wherever a man goes men will pursue and paw him with their dirty institutions . ”
Civil Disobedience is an instrument of democracy that Thoreau used and passed on .
It is a legacy for the citizenry to uphold the challenge of democracy .
He asked the ultimate question about humanity on this planet : “ What is the use of a house if you have n’t got a tolerable planet to put it on ? ”
Is Government like a beast that must be tamed , for if it is not tamed will it subdue , subjugate or intimidate the citizenry ?
The first President of the United States , George Washington , understood governmental power , for he stated that government was not reason but force .
Is it the duty and responsibility of the citizenry to supply that reason for a United States of America ?
Who is the public servant today ?
The citizenry or elected representatives .
How much turmoil is government allowed to create in domestic and foreign affairs : financial mismanagement of government and major programs , pre-emptive wars and restrictions on freedom in the name of security ?
Have the two major political parties and their representatives ever calculated the countless billions of dollars they have lost to waste , fraud and abuse since the elective or optional war in Vietnam ?
Is effective and efficient government achievable by the two controlling political parties ?
Is America like a giant tree unable to see the forest and unable to perceive the overview of the world because it is mired in itself with an emotional attitude that its culture and nation are superior to all others while manufacturing wooden men who are guiding the ship of state ?
These are questions Thoreau might ask today .
GENEVA ( Reuters ) - Eight years after a U.S. - led invasion ousted the Taliban from power in Afghanistan , the war - ravaged state is the most dangerous place in the world for a child to be born , the United Nations said on Thursday .
An Afghan girl looks on as she sits with her mother at a conference centre in Herat November 4 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Morteza Nikoubazl
It is especially dangerous for girls , the United Nations Children ’s Fund ( UNICEF ) said in launching its annual flagship report , The State of the World ’s Children .
Afghanistan has the highest infant mortality rate in the world -- 257 deaths per 1,000 live births , and 70 percent of the population lacks access to clean water , the agency said .
As Taliban insurgents increase their presence across the country , growing insecurity is also making it hard to carry out vital vaccination campaigns against polio , a crippling disease still endemic in the country , and measles that can kill children .
“ Afghanistan today is without a doubt the most dangerous place to be born , ” Daniel Toole , UNICEF regional director for South Asia , told a news briefing in Geneva .
A Taliban - led insurgency and militant attack on an international guest - house in Kabul that killed five U.N. foreign staff last month prompted the world body to evacuate hundreds of international staff from Afghanistan for several weeks .
Some 43 percent of the country is now virtually off - limits to aid agencies due to insecurity , according to Toole .
The Taliban have been building their forces in their traditional southern and eastern Afghanistan stronghold and are increasing attacks in the north and west .
Teaching girls is one of the practices they forbid .
Some 317 schools in Afghanistan were attacked in the past year , killing 124 and wounding another 290 , Toole said .
“ We have seen a drop in the number of children who are attending schools and particularly young girls , ” he added .
School enrollment in Afghanistan had risen to 5 million , including 2 million girls , against 1 million with virtually no girls in 2001 when the Taliban were ousted from power , he said .
“ In both countries , Afghanistan and Pakistan , we ’ve made some progress but we ’re starting to worry about back - tracking on that progress given the high rates of insecurity and the ongoing conflict , ” Toole said .
“ The most dramatic indication of back - tracking is the deliberate attacks against girls ’ schools , ” he added .
Separately , UNICEF director Ann Veneman spoke to reporters in New York on Thursday about the Convention on the Rights of the Child , a pact aimed at protecting children worldwide that was adopted by the U.N. General Assembly 20 years ago .
Veneman said it was “ frustrating ” that Washington has not ratified the pact , noting that the United States and Somalia were the only two states in the world that remain outside it .
The spokesman for the U.S. mission to the United Nations , Mark Kornblau , said that the administration of President Barack Obama was “ committed to undertaking a thorough and thoughtful review of the Convention on the Rights of the Child . ”
Fight them on the beaches if you will .
But the descendants of Sir Winston Churchill have decided that a more effective way to prevent the Church of Scientology from hijacking the memory of Britain 's wartime leader involves stern cease - and - desist letters and the threat of a costly PR battle .
In an unlikely dispute that pits Sir Winston 's grandchildren against followers of the late L Ron Hubbard – the science - fiction writer who believed , among other things , that mankind descended from aliens who arrived on Earth via spaceships – the controversial church has been asked to remove Churchill 's image and quotations from its fundraising literature .
The literary agency Curtis Brown , which represents several members of the Churchill family , has written to the church 's London branch protesting at a range of advertising leaflets and posters that liken the Allied struggle against Nazi Germany to Scientology 's efforts to recruit new members .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
One image , seeking new staff to volunteer to work at the organisation 's headquarters , carries a black - and - white picture of a Spitfire soaring triumphantly over the Home Counties , together with the quotation : " It 's not enough that we do our best .
Sometimes , we have to do what 's required . "
Another , to advertise a fundraiser to help the church create a celebrity centre in London , similar to the one it already has in Hollywood , name - checks Churchill among such " Great Britons " as David Beckham , James Bond , Harry Potter , The Rolling Stones and The Beatles .
The leaflet claims the event will be " their finest hour " .
Although the adverts may seem like a harmless ( if somewhat crude ) attempt to use these images for the purposes of publicity , Sir Winston 's descendants are highly upset .
The former prime minister 's grandson and former Tory MP , also named Winston Churchill , said that he finds them " obnoxious " and " offensive . "
" Gordon Wise at Curtis Brown has written the Scientologists a letter protesting , on my instructions .
Predictably , nothing has been received in return .
The family finds it very offensive that an organisation not only as controversial , but some might say as disreputable , as the Church of Scientology should be trying to use my grandfather 's likeness and quotes in furtherance of their recruiting .
" We have strong objections to the implication that our grandfather , if he were alive , would have something to do with Scientology .
In fact , he would n't have touched an outfit like that with a bargepole .
I can't represent too strongly how much we resent the suggestion that he would .
They have no right , or permission , to use his name or likeness , and I hope they now respect my grandfather and his family 's wishes . "
Sir Winston was , as it happens , a member of the Church of England , and married in an Anglican church .
However , by the standards of his time , he was not thought to have too much time for any religion , and once jokingly cautioned : " It is never wise to prophesise until after the event as taken place . "
The Church of Scientology did not respond to requests for comment about the leaflets .
However , when Sir Nicholas Soames , another grandson of Sir Winston , complained about them earlier this month , a spokesman argued : " The use of iconic images , including those available in the public domain , to add colour is , of course , done very commonly . "
Whatever the eventual outcome of the dispute , it has been a tricky few months for Scientologists .
A court in France , where it is classified as a sect , convicted it of defrauding followers of thousands of euros and gave its leader there , Alain Rosenberg , a € 30,000 fine and suspended two - year prison sentence .
Meanwhile , in Hollywood , the organisation 's spiritual home , it was rocked by the resignation of Paul Haggis , the Oscar - winning producer of Crash , who wrote a widely leaked letter condemning its methods .
It ’s unnecessary to exalt the virtues of Star Wars , it exists as one of the most influential series of films of the 20th century ( well at least the original trilogy ) .
One of the things which helps make the Star Wars franchise so amazing is John Williams ’ legendary score .
Almost anyone who hears just a few notes of any of John Williams ’ music from the series should be able to easily identify it as Star Wars .
Now , the music from all six films have been combined with a multimedia spectacular into a live show that will surely thrill even the most casual Star Wars Fan ( if there is such thing as a casual Star Wars Fan ) .
Star Wars
In Concert arrives at the Rose Garden on Wednesday October 14th and On Portland is giving away 4 pairs of tickets to this once in a lifetime event .
This two - hour musical event that features scenes from the movies projected on massive high - def screens , a full symphonic orchestra with choir , and live narration by Anthony Daniels , who played C - 3PO .
In addition , audiences will be able to view an exhibition of STAR WARS original memorabilia , props , costumes and artwork from all six films from the Lucasfilm Archives .
Enter for your chance to win one of 4 pairs of tickets we ’re giving away .
Enterting is simple , just post your favorite Star Wars line , quote , memory or ancedote in the comments and you ’re entered .
Winners will be picked at the end of the day on Monday October 12th .
My The Force Be With You :)
For more information about Star Wars in Concert :
Congrats to the winners : Monica Drake , Kimberly , Brenton Hunting and Lyle McNaughton !
Global warming will force up to 150 million " climate refugees " to move to other countries in the next 40 years , a new report from the Environmental Justice Foundation ( EJF ) warns .
In 2008 alone , more than 20 million people were displaced by climate - related natural disasters , including 800,000 people by cyclone Nargis in Asia , and almost 80,000 by heavy floods and rains in Brazil , the NGO said .
President Mohamed Nasheed of the Maldives , who presented testimony to the EJF , said people in his country did not want to " trade a paradise for a climate refugee camp " .
He warned rich countries taking part in UN climate talks this week in Barcelona " not to be stupid " in negotiating a climate treaty in Copenhagen this December .
Nasheed urged governments to find ways to keep temperature rises caused by warming under 2C .
" We wo n't be around for anything after 2 C , " he said .
" We are just 1.5 m over sea level and anything over that , any rise in sea level – anything even near that – would wipe off the Maldives .
People are having to move their homes because of erosion .
We 've already this year had problems with two islands and we are having to move them to other islands .
We have a right to live . "
Last month , the president held a cabinet meeting underwater to draw attention to the plight of his country .
The EJF claimed 500 million to 600 million people – nearly 10 % of the world 's population – are at risk from displacement by climate change .
Around 26 million have already had to move , a figure that the EJF predicts could grow to 150 million by 2050 .
" The majority of these people are likely to be internally displaced , migrating only within a short radius from their homes .
Relatively few will migrate internationally to permanently resettle in other countries , " said the report 's authors .
In the longer term , the report said , changes to weather patterns will lead to various problems , including desertification and sea - level rises that threaten to inundate low - lying areas and small island developing states .
An expert at the Institute for Sustainable Development and International Relations in Paris recently said global warming could create " ghost states " with citizens living in " virtual states " due to land lost to rising seas .
The UN's Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) predicts sea - level rise in the range of 18 - 59 cm during the 21st century .
Nearly one - third of coastal countries have more than 10 % of their national land within 5 metres of sea level .
Countries liable to lose all or a significant part of their land in the next 50 years , said the EJF report , include Tuvalu , Fiji , the Solomon islands , the Marshall islands , the Maldives and some of the Lesser Antilles .
Many other countries , including Bangladesh , Kenya , Papua New Guinea , Somalia , Yemen , Ethiopia , Chad and Rwanda , could see large movements of people .
Bangladesh has had 70 climate - related natural disasters in the past 10 years .
" Climate change impacts on homes and infrastructure , food and water and human health .
It will bring about a forced migration on an unprecedented scale , " said the EJF director , Steve Trent .
" We must take immediate steps to reduce our impact on global climate , and we must also recognise the need to protect those already suffering along with those most at risk . "
He called for a new international agreement to address the scale and human cost of climate change .
" The formal legal definition of refugees needs to be extended to include those affected by climate change and also internally displaced persons , " he said .
: preg_match_all( ) : Compilation failed : invalid range in character class at offset 7 inon line
This week is about getting to know each other .
Sometimes there are things that you talk about and sometimes there are things that are easier to write .
Here are some daily tasks with this in mind .
For each subject below , you are to write 75 words and either respond here or send it to me in Discord .
Daily Tasks
Monday , May 20th , 2019 – Pick one of your biggest turn ons and tell me why it appeals to you .
Be explicit .
Tuesday , May 21st , 2019 – What is the hottest thing that you have ever masturbated to ?
Wednesday , May 22nd , 2019 – If you had one guilty pleasure that you ’re afraid to ask for , what would it be ?
Thursday , May 23rd , 2019 – What is your favorite position when you bottom ?
Friday , May 24th , 2019 – If you could be fucked by anything , what would it be ?
Please describe it in detail .
Saturday , May 25th , 2019 – What is the most risky thing you ’ve ever done ?
If not that , then what is the most risky thing that you are willing to do ?
Sunday , May 26th , 2019 – How do you like your sex ?
Rough or soft ?
Give me a scenario for both that appeals to you .
Weekly Task – Continued
Continue last week ’s Fitness Task but add in a picture either before or after your activity is done .
This should equal at least 3 different images throughout the week depending on how you break up your 3 hours of activity .
In chronological order , here are the juicier parts :
Washington Times Executive Editor John Solomon Considering Options -- Including Resignation -- After Newsroom Shakeup
By Ben Frumin - November 9 , 2009 , 9:18 AM
The Washington Times had a major shakeup in top management last night , with three executives leaving the company .
TPM has also learned that Executive Editor John Solomon , hired in January ...
Read More »
Revolving Door : Wash Times White House Correspondent Is Latest To Leave
By Ben Frumin - November 9 , 2009 , 2:42 PM
And the shakeup continues : Washington Times White House correspondent Jon Ward , who started at the paper in 2002 , announced this afternoon he is leaving the newspaper .
Ward , who started as ...
Read More »
Newsroom Sources : We Don't Expect Solomon To Return To Wash Times
By Ben Frumin - November 10 , 2009 , 11:44AM
It looks like the drama at the Washington Times is n't quite over yet .
Newsroom sources tell TPM they are n't expecting executive editor John Solomon -- who has n't been seen since ...
Read More »
Newsroom Sources : Beefed - Up Security At Wash Times
By Ben Frumin - November 10 , 2009 , 12:22 PM
Things are looking bad at the Washington Times : TPM hears from current staffers in the newsroom there has been an increased security presence at the newspaper in recent days .
On ... Read More »
Is The Washington Times ' Continued Operation In Jeopardy ?
By Ben Frumin - November 11 , 2009 , 12:31 PM
Things seem to be going from bad to worse at the Washington Times .
And the continued operation of the newspaper , which is owned by Rev. Sun Myung Moon 's Unification Church , ... Read More »
Source : Rev. Moon Son Went Rogue In Ordering Wash Times Shakeup
By Justin Elliott - November 11 , 2009 , 3:21 PM Hyun - jin Preston Moon , the son of Unification Church leader Rev. Sun Myung Moon who controls the Washington Times , acted without his father 's blessing in firing the top leadership of the ... Read More »
Uncertainty Prevails In Wash Times Newsroom -- And Employees Told To Stop Talking To Press
By Ben Frumin - November 12 , 2009 , 11:56 AM
With payday looming tomorrow morning , employees remain on edge at The Washington Times .
There 's even uncertainty over whether the troubled newspaper has enough short - term cash flow to keep its operation ...
Read More »
Wash Times Announces Resignation Of Executive Editor John Solomon
By Ben Frumin - November 12 , 2009 , 5:45 PM
It 's official : The Washington Times has announced the resignation of Executive Editor John Solomon -- effective six days ago .
Here 's the one - line statement that Don Meyer , a spokesman for the ... Read More »
Mysterious ' Important Decisions ' Cited In Rev. Moon Sermon Weeks Before Wash Times Shakeup
By Justin Elliott - November 12 , 2009 , 6:42 PM
Less than two months before the firings of three Washington Times executives and the departure of its top editor , a sermon by Unification Church leader Rev. Sun Myung Moon referred ...
Read More »
Washington Times Suspends 401( K ) Payments
By Rachel Slajda - November 13 , 2009 , 2:50 PM
The Washington Times has suspended matching contributions to its employees ' 401 ( k ) accounts .
In a memo sent to employees and obtained by TPM , vice president for human resources Sonya Jenkins announced ...
Read More »
Rev. Moon 's Daughter Sermonized About Feud Between Brothers On Day Of Wash Times Shakeup
By Justin Elliott - November 13 , 2009 , 7:13 PM
On the same day the Washington Times announced the firings of three top executives -- all Unification Church members -- the daughter of Rev. Sun Myung Moon delivered an allegorical ...
Read More »
Internal Moon Church Memo : Fired Wash Times Publisher Was Escorted Out By Security , Cell Phone Seized
By Justin Elliott - November 14 , 2009 , 9:41 PM
When Washington Times Publisher Thomas McDevitt was fired last Sunday , his successor Jonathan Slevin and two security guards escorted him from the Times headquarters to his car and confiscated his ... Read More »
Wash Times Editor : I Was Forced To Attend A Moon Church Mass Wedding
By Justin Elliott - November 17 , 2009 , 1:04 PM Washington
Times editorial page editor Richard Miniter is filing a complaint with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission against the paper today , alleging discrimination based on age , disability , and religion -- being forced to attend a Unification Church mass wedding -- and he will ask the government to enjoin the Times ' assets , his lawyer tells TPM .
Read More »
Interesting background from the Santa Ana Examiner :
The drama continued yesterday at the oft - quoted Washington Times , when the Sun Myung Moon - controlled newspaper announced that executive editor John Solomon had resigned effective November 6th .
That resignation would have been tendered two days before the Times fired its three senior executives , ostensibly for financial reasons .
Speculation has been raised that the turmoil is actually related to a feud within the Moon family .
Moon son Hyun Jin Preston Moon is in control of the Times .
Another of Moon 's sons was chosen to head the Unification Church itself as the aging Reverend Moon prepares for the future .
The blog Talking Points Memo reports that the firing of top executives may have been related to envy by Preston Moon over control of the wealthy church / business empire .
This kind of squabbling might seem surprising , given that the Moons believe they are the children of the Messiah .
Reverend Moon claims not only that he is the Messiah , but that Jesus Christ is trying to follow him .
Moon has also stated that Hitler , Stalin , Marx , Lenin , kings , emperors , and presidents now deceased have sent a resolution from heaven to earth proclaiming " to all Heaven and Earth that Reverend Sun Myung Moon is none other than humanity 's Savior , Messiah , Returning Lord and True Parent . "
Conflicting opinions abound as to how much the present turmoil has to do with unreported financial troubles .
But with the wealthy " True Parents " funneling them cash ........ problem is , who controls the cash now ?
The youngest of the three sons , Hyung - jin , was selected last year to be the church 's religious leader , presumably a responsibility that will fully vest when his father , who is nearly 90 , dies .
Hyung - jin may have won Rev. Moon 's favor with feats such as his reportedly performing 21,000 " full body " bows in honor of his parents over the summer .
Follow the money ???
Critics contrast Moon 's " opulent " personal lifestyle with that of church members who are asked to sacrifice both in their careers and in donating most of what little they have .
The Moon family situation is described as one of " luxury and privilege " and as " lavish " .
Home for the True Family was a guarded 18 - acre ( 73,000 m2 ) mini-castle in Irvington , New York , a tiny suburb located along a sweep of the Hudson River .
Named East Garden , after Eden , the estate included two smaller houses and a three - story brick mansion with 12 bedrooms , seven baths , a bowling alley , and a dining room equipped with a waterfall and pond .
There were other castles and mansions too — in South Korea , Germany , Scotland , England — and few expenses were spared .
The children had tutors from Japan , purebred horses , motorbikes , sports cars , and first - class vacations with blank - check spending .
" The kids got whatever they wanted , " says Donna Collins , who grew up in the church .
" At one point , the Moon kids were each getting $ 40,000 or $ 50,000 a month for allowance .
They had wads of cash .
I remember once in London where [ one of Justin ’s sisters ] spent like $ 2,000 a day ; I saw a drawer filled with Rolexes and diamonds . "
Franklin Personal Injury Attorneys
Have you been injured as a result of someone else ’s negligence ?
If so , then you need legal representation by an experienced personal injury lawyer at Massachusetts Personal Injury Attorneys .
Skilled , aggressive , and passionate about helping the injured , our personal injury attorneys are all about providing legal assistance and sound counsel to personal injury victims here in the Franklin area .
We aggressively protect the rights of those who have gone through harm , mistreatment , and injury because of the negligence of another person , institution , government office , or other entity .
We aim to give them the justice and compensation that they deserve .
If you are experiencing a similar situation right now , our law offices are here for you .
Our goal is to see you get the maximum payout for your personal injury claims .
We get this done by focused and persistent negotiating or by taking your injury case to court .
As dedicated Franklin personal injury attorneys , Massachusetts Personal Injury Attorneys takes pride in the success of our cases and in the millions of dollars worth of settlements that we have fought for on behalf of our clients .
Here at Massachusetts Personal Injury Attorneys , we can assure you that you get the best representation , with legal relationships built on trust and confidence , and for a reasonable rate .
We do n’t collect legal fees until we secure a settlement for you .
Getting in an automobile accident and sustaining injuries from it can be seriously traumatic .
You face financial , physical , and psychological challenges as well as disputes and disagreements with insurance companies , all while trying to recover from injuries .
As an established personal injury law firm , we know these things cause you undue stress and make it more difficult for you to heal faster , which is why we are committed to providing you with the best possible legal support .
You are not alone in this battle .
We at Massachusetts Personal Injury Attorneys want to fight it with you .
Call the Massachusetts Personal Injury Attorneys of Massachusetts Personal Injury Attorneys at ( 617 ) 544-2886 for a Free Consultation !
Complete Personal Injury Law Firm
If you are a personal injury victim caused by the actions , negligence , or failure to act of someone other than yourself , it is within your rights to demand reimbursement or fair compensation for your losses — these include loss or damage of personal property , lost wages , medical bills , emotional distress , pain and suffering , etc .
Massachusetts Personal Injury Attorneys specializes in personal injury law or tort law , expertly providing legal support , representation , advice , insight , and personal attention to victims of accidents .
We are passionate about effectively helping victims and their families receive the justice and compensation that they deserve and need as they move forward in the road to recovery .
Our areas of practice include :
Car Accident Injuries –
In the year 2018 alone , more than 3000 motorist incidents in Franklin requiring emergency medical services .
A car accident can cause numerous possible injuries including broken bones , deep lacerations , traumatic brain injury , spinal injuries , and even death … and this translates to a huge financial burden for the victims .
As established Franklin car accident attorneys , we know the legal intricacies of situations like these in Massachusetts , including the comparative negligence law , to the no -fault system , to the statute of limitations .
You should n’t have to deal with all that .
With the help and guidance of experienced attorneys , you can receive all the benefits that our laws entitle you to .
Construction Accident Injuries – Construction work is an inherently dangerous occupation .
Over a 45 - year career , a construction worker has a 1 - in - 200 chance of being fatally injured on the job , and a 75 % chance of experiencing a disabling injury .
These injuries affect more than just a person ’s physical well - being , it also affects their ability to earn and provide for their families .
Determining fault for an accident is tricky and time - pressured … and so is recovering compensation or damages for it .
This is why if you find yourself or your family in this situation , contacting a trusted personal injury attorney immediately after the incident is very important .
Medical Malpractice –
An estimated 480,000 Americans become victims of medical malpractice each year , but only 3 % ever report it .
This means that 97 % of victims do n’t get the compensation and justice that they ’re entitled to .
This also means that medical institutions and practitioners are not being held responsible for their failure to deliver the standard of care .
If you are injured because of medical negligence , you have the right to take action .
You are not alone , and you wo n’t have to fight alone either if you have an accomplished personal injury to guide and assist you all the way .
Workers ’ Compensation – In Massachusetts , all employers operating in the state are required to carry workers ’ compensation coverage for all employees .
If you are a state , public , or private employee who gets injured on the job or has developed a work - related injury , you might be eligible for workers ’ compensation to cover the cost of your condition .
However , the challenge lies in negotiating a fair settlement … this part can get complicated especially when employers deny your claim due to lack of evidence .
When difficult situations like this arise , having a competent attorney by your side is your best move to ensuring that you receive the compensation and benefits you need .
Premises Injury – Every property owner , landlord , and businessman is responsible for ensuring safety while others are on their property .
So if you are injured while on someone else ’s property , you may be eligible to file a premises liability claim .
Such injuries can include slips and falls because of poor lighting / construction / maintenance , getting bitten by an unrestrained pet , getting assaulted because of poor security , etc .
The success of premises liability cases depend on a number of factors .
It ’s definitely not an easy journey , but if you have a trusted personal injury attorney on your side , then you can rest assured that you will be making sound , informed decisions as you move forward .
Whatever your personal injury needs , we are ready and dedicated to support you .
Other Practice Areas
Motor vehicle accidents and injuries resulting from them are n’t the only type of clients that we support .
We help Franklin residents with many different personal injury cases , protecting their interests and fighting on their behalf for rightful compensation resulting from their injuries .
When you need a dedicated , experienced attorney in Franklin to take care of you and your family during some of the most challenging times you may ever face , Massachusetts Personal Injury Attorneys is here for you .
As an established personal injury law firm , Massachusetts Personal Injury Attorneys also provides legal support for the following types of cases :
Birth Injury
Brain Injuries
Bus Accidents
Burn Injuries
Carbon Monoxide Poisoning
Child Injury
College Safety or Campus Injuries
Criminal Defense
Distracted Driving Accidents
Dog Bite Injuries
DUI Accident Injuries
Dangerous Drugs DUI Accident Injuries
Elder Financial Abuse
Highway Accidents
Hit & Run Incidents
Maritime Accidents
Motorcycle Accidents
Nursing Home Negligence
Pharmacy Errors
Sexual Harassment
Slip & Fall Accidents
Spinal Cord Injury
Surgical Errors
Taxi Accidents
Truck Accidents
Welding Accidents
Wrongful Death
Massachusetts Personal Injury Attorneys is a complete Franklin , MA personal injury law firm and we are committed to being your partner as you go through the tough and stressful time following a personal injury .
No matter your injuries may be , we are here to answer your questions , to let you know what your options are , to clarify confusing terms , and to help you make the best decisions as you move forward .
If you ’re looking for an established , experienced , and clear - sighted attorney in your journey to recovering fair compensation for personal injury , Massachusetts Personal Injury Attorneys is here to help you every step of the way .
REQUEST A CONSULTATION
Dedicated Automobile Accident Attorneys
Automobile accidents are not only physically distressing , they also deeply affect victims financially , emotionally , psychologically , and mentally .
Massachusetts Personal Injury Attorneys totally understands this , which is why we are so passionate about providing you with quality legal support , protecting your welfare and interests , delivering justice , and recovering all necessary compensation .
Whether you or your loved ones have become victims , or suffered a serious injury resulting from of car accidents , truck accidents , motorcycle accidents , bus accidents , or other motor vehicle accidents , we will do all that we can to make sure your legal needs are met and that expenses or damages are compensated .
Distractions and negligence are the primary causes of fatalities on the road .
Here in Massachusetts , we follow a modified comparative negligence law that allows you to recover compensation for a car accident only if you are less than 50 % at fault for the accident .
This can lead to a complicated process when you are working to get compensated for automobile accident injuries .
Massachusetts Personal Injury Attorneys has been a trusted law firm in Franklin for a long time and we know the ins and outs of the legal terrain .
If you need help with pursuing reimbursements and compensation , we can give you the help that you need .
Whether you are up against individuals , companies , government offices , or other entities , we are ready to represent and support you all the way .
We can even face insurance companies just to ensure that you receive the maximum amount as compensation for your injury .
Here at Massachusetts Personal Injury Attorneys , you are our top priority .
REQUEST A CONSULTATION
What To Do When You Are Injured
Getting injured as a result of an accident can be full of confusion and distress .
Nobody expects to be involved in an accident on a regular day so we can’t really prepare for it .
As much as we do n’t want to think about accidents , they can happen to anyone … changing lives and priorities in a single moment .
So when an accident does happen in your life , what do you do ?
Here at Massachusetts Personal Injury Attorneys , our established attorneys have successfully handled thousands of personal injury cases and have earned millions of dollars worth of settlements for our clients .
We definitely know what we ’re doing and we want to give you the highest quality of legal service that we can offer .
We want to be there with you , fighting for the justice you deserve and the reasonable compensation you need to effectively pay for medical bills , lost property , support family , and full recovery from the incident .
As a trusted Franklin personal injury law firm , Massachusetts Personal Injury Attorneys has a proven process to claims for motor vehicle accident injuries :
Seek Medical Treatment – Before everything else , all parties involved in the accident should seek medical attention immediately following the incident .
The accident may trigger an adrenaline rush and it ’s possible you wo n’t be able to tell if you ’re injured or not .
It ’s important that you enumerate and describe the symptoms , discomfort , and pain that you ’re experiencing to the doctor .
Provide as much information as you can about your condition and add them to your medical file .
If you think it ’s necessary that you have medical exams and testing , then do n’t hesitate about requesting for them .
Having complete and accurate details in your medical evaluation is ideal because if any information is missed , getting them considered during the legal recovery process can be difficult .
Hire a Skilled Attorney – Here at Massachusetts Personal Injury Attorneys , our accomplished personal injury lawyers provide free consultations to those suffering injuries as a result of accidents .
We also offer free case reviews to people are seeking legal counsel for their personal injury cases .
We devote our time , energy , and focus to the field of personal injury law to ensure that we are properly equipped in getting our clients the justice and compensation that they deserve .
Personal injury accidents can involve cumulative loss , lost income , property damage , medical bills , and a lot more that need compensation .
If you want the best chance of getting a favorable result from your case , then a reliable Franklin attorney is what you need .
Build the Case – Our skilled lawyers here at Massachusetts Personal Injury Attorneys immediately start a thorough study and investigation of your case .
We gather and review important information from relevant parties to your case ( witnesses , police , medical professionals , insurance companies and their claims adjusters ) .
This information could medical evaluations , crime scene notes , accident reports , insurance benefits coverage , etc .
We analyze everything , determine which party is at fault and at what percentage they are at fault , and then come up with the reasonable compensation proposal .
Communication –
When it comes to your case , we want to keep you as updated and informed as possible .
This is why we let you know what goes on through every step of the legal process .
We give you the details about how we can work hand in hand from start to finish .
By mail , we communicate to you sound legal advice on how we can improve your chances of winning .
We also have one - on - one meetings with you to talk about your treatment and how you are doing , your case status , as well as the settlement options that you have .
Settlement – After your primary care physician has give you long - term instructions and has released you , our lawyers here at Massachusetts Personal Injury Attorneys compile a compensation proposal that is complete with details about your medical expenses and bills , health records , lost wages , and other relevant information .
We look into the settlement demand together , making sure that all losses are accounted for .
And once we have come to the agreement that the demand is fair and reasonable , our team takes care of presenting it to the claims adjuster or the defense attorney in charge of your case for negotiation .
Injury Lawsuit – Ideally , your insurance claims should be settled outside the courtroom because nobody likes the financial demands on an ongoing litigation battle .
However , if the fight for your right to compensation must be moved to court then our team of expert attorneys here at Massachusetts Personal Injury Attorneys are more than ready to fight with and for you .
We are committed to being aggressive in fighting and negotiating on your behalf to maximize payout as well as minimize unnecessary time and effort spent in court .
Post - Settlement –
Once the lawsuit is found in your favor or we have reached a settlement , funds are paid for disbursement according to the legal settlement agreement .
These funds are deposited directly into a trust account and held for five business days .
They will then be used to pay for all expenses , bills , liens , and fees — at our reduced and negotiated rates , of course .
Once all has been paid for , you then receive the final settlement check of the remaining funds .
Suffering an injury or loss due to negligence is very frustrating , and even more so when you have to face challenges in claiming the compensation you are entitled to .
This is where we at Massachusetts Personal Injury Attorneys come in .
We are dedicated to making recovery easier for you by taking care of your financial and making physical , mental , and emotional recovery less stressful for you .
Serving Franklin and nearby cities , an experienced personal injury attorney at Massachusetts Personal Injury Attorneys is ready to support you .
Let ’s Talk Now - Free Consultation
Recovering personal accident injury claims do n’t have to feel like an uphill battle if you have a competent and assertive Franklin law firm besides you every step of the way .
With years of experience , expertise , and knowledge , our Franklin , MA personal injury attorneys here at Massachusetts Personal Injury Attorneys are fully equipped and ready to fight for you and get you the compensation that you deserve .
We are passionate about fighting for the rights of the injured and we are dedicated to helping them in as many ways as we can .
By holding the insurance companies accountable and getting you reasonable compensation , we can help you make your physical , mental , and emotional recovery less stressful and a lot quicker .
Call Massachusetts Personal Injury Attorneys today at ( 617 ) 544-2886 your Free Consultation with a Motor Vehicle Accident Injury Attorney !
Tags
Rights are the means by which we can reasonably predict human behavior .
Without predictability , the existence of higher life forms would be impossible .
The water source should be found at the end of the same track beaten each morning ; berries which have always been edible should not suddenly become poisonous ; species which have never posed a threat should not suddenly become predatory .
When humans or animals experience something that goes directly against fundamental expectations , stress and anxiety ensue , even when the consequences are not life threatening .
The purpose of science and of gaining personal experience is to establish a chain of cause and effect with which we can then anticipate events .
We can count on the bridge to bear our weight , the plane to defy gravity , and on drugs to cure us .
Science boosts our sense of confidence in the world even if , through changing our environment , it itself , in turn , creates the unexpected .
The degree of confidence we have in our predictions diminishes when we are dealing with the behavior of higher life forms .
Evolution programs in freedom ; indeed freedom is fundamental to evolution .
If in fleeing antelope always veered to the right , their predators would have already wiped out the species .
We humans are programmed to find individual and original solutions to our problems ; it is both the elevation and the tragedy of the human condition .
Natural Rights
Anticipating human behavior is therefore a risky business .
We are one of many species whose members kill one another .
Preying on our fellows is a fundamental feature of humanity that falls into direct conflict however with another feature — man as a social animal .
How can we reconcile our violent impulses with the need to live together ?
Society demands that predation be checked .
As a group member , we have reasonable expectations concerning other members : that they will not murder us in our sleep ; that they will not assault us when we go out at night , for instance .
These expectations do not only concern our person but our property as well .
All human languages have a concept of a personal pronoun and a gerund .
These indicate the bond that a human being establishes between herself and another , between himself and an object : not just any man , but my friend ; not just any tool , but mine , one which I have made , which I have used and which I can reasonably expect to use again .
That bond is established through birth ( my child ) , between consenting adults ( my spouse ) , through homesteading ( my land , which I settled before anybody else did ) , through transfer by mutual consent ( my book for which I have paid the price asked by the seller ) .
Who could make a stronger claim ?
Those who are not the parents ?
Those who have not first tilled the soil ?
Those who have not paid for the book ?
By publicly declaring this bond , we are counting on others to respect it .
We are counting on reaping the harvest from the field we went to all the trouble of sowing .
This expectation is reasonable and when it is dashed , especially through the deliberate actions of other members of our society ( confiscating an owner 's dwelling , taking a child away from her mother ) we feel stress , anxiety and deep resentment .
A society that placed no bounds on rape , pillage , and murder would disintegrate .
Its members would defect .
Without these limitations , society would be impossible .
It is intrinsic to the nature of every social group that each member can rely on others not to arbitrarily rob them of their lives or their assets .
Each of us reasonably declares this as a right .
Humans are fundamentally social animals ( there is no such thing as a nonsocialized human being ) , and it is in the nature of society for these rights to be at least partially respected .
This is why these are termed natural rights — not that it is in the nature of human beings to have rights ( I am not going to open this debate ) , but that it is in the nature of human societies .
These rights were not invented by governments , as the proponents of positive rights maintain , nor have they arisen on the back of nothing more than convention .
They are the very stuff of social existence .
A ragtag bunch of shipwreck survivors dragging themselves ashore on a desert island would have to respect these rights from the outset , simply in order to function as a social unit , even before establishing any institution .
The purpose of politics is to create exceptions to rights , so that rights are no longer shared identically by all members of society .
There are two forms of exception :
Everyone is exempted from respecting another person 's rights in certain clearly defined circumstances ( for instance , each of us has the right to kill our aggressor if we are acting in self - defense ) .
Certain clearly defined persons are exempted from respecting other people 's rights in all circumstances .
They are the government .
The government may rob and kill with impunity when they declare this transgression to be in the name of " taxation , " " just war , " or " reasons of state . "
Implementing Rights
We not only demand of people that they refrain from attacking us , but we also base our own set of reasonable expectations on their behavior .
Should their behavior fail to meet our expectations — we experience disappointment , stress , and anxiety ; we feel wronged .
A custom is a good example of a behavior that it would be reasonable to assume will be perpetuated .
In many societies , custom dictates the giving of gifts , for instance , at a wedding .
A relative failing to respect this custom would offend , or at least annoy , the bride and groom .
It would be appropriate to sanction this failure to comply with their reasonable expectations through a well - placed remark or by neglecting to invite the offending relative to the next family occasion .
By the same token , if for years a villager has been taking a shortcut across a neighbor 's field without any opposition on the neighbor 's part , she would feel resentment and a sense of loss should the neighbor suddenly bar her route .
These expectations would have been perfectly legitimate , just as the stress and anxiety at seeing them disappointed is understandable .
They would have been even better founded , and would have become indisputable rights , had , for example , the villager signed an agreement according her the right of way across her neighbor 's field .
The parties ' intentions and their reasonable expectations concerning their respective behavior suffice to create a right .
But as popular wisdom reminds us : " that which goes without saying is much better said , and even better written down ! "
Rights born of such contracts and agreements are no longer natural , nor inherent , nor common to all societies ( as is respect for life and property ) .
They illustrate the wide breadth of human commitments according to their historical context and level of development ( the sale of a radio frequency would have made scant sense in medieval times ) .
Parties devise strategies , base investments , and enter into further agreements with other parties on the strengths of these promises .
Were the contracting party to renege on their obligations , those relying on them would be disappointed and sometimes gravely injured .
The Transference of Rights
Conflicting desires reign in every human heart .
These desires compete fiercely for a human being 's limited resources : his time , his body , his energy , the use of his material possessions .
Our moral life centers on setting priorities for these irreconcilable desires ( to work or laze around , to drink or drive , to have an affair or to stay faithful , to focus on career ambitions or to bring up a family ) .
The majority of our choices indicate the value that we place on bonds , as each bond has a value , even if that value is " priceless " as when people say : " I would n't part with that for love or money . "
Value is that which one acts to gain and / or keep , as in the words of Ayn Rand .
[ 1 ]
We cannot make a distinction concerning the nature of the value we place on bonds — only concerning their intensity .
The death of a child , the loss of an object , of a job , of a hope , causes us vastly different levels of anxiety and suffering , but that sense of loss is always felt .
The best evidence for the common nature of these bonds is our ability to substitute one for another .
Values are fungible .
Some would refuse and others would jump at the chance of a juicy promotion at the expense of a colleague according to the respective value they place on loyalty and money .
Each of us has the right to attempt to create a bond — or to choose not to do so .
Charlotte has the right to reject the bond that Werther would like to create between them , even if it drives the young Werther to commit suicide .
He is expecting a form of happiness from this bond which is not what she has in mind .
She is looking to achieve this happiness through creating a bond with someone else , Albert ( whilst running the inevitable risk of being disappointed ) .
In much the same way , the owners of the Cherry Orchard in Chekhov 's play of the same name reject Lopakhin 's crass offer to divide it into building lots .
They badly need the money , but they place even a greater value on the orchard 's magical beauty .
Therefore , the only limit to our creating new bonds with people ( both in relation to themselves and to objects ) is their right of refusal .
We do not want to be forced into a marriage , friendship , employment , or to be forced to buy or sell , and we find it reasonable not to impose these demands on others .
We intrinsically believe that each of us should have the possibility of evaluating his existing ties , to exchange these or not to do so , in accordance with what he believes will be the satisfaction that he and his counterpart will each derive from that exchange .
However , this is not always the case , as can be seen in the following discussion .
False Rights — Possession
In the 1970s , I was a frequent visitor to New York .
There , Cornell , a young man from the South Bronx , took me under his wing .
His sense of property was highly selective : inviolable if it was a case of one of his acquaintances — he would n't have walked off with my ink pen ; anyone else 's was fair game .
One day , when I made a passing remark about how nice it would be to cycle through Central Park , he immediately suggested he should get me a bike .
" How many gears do you want ?
What color ? "
No doubt he would have got me the bike of my dreams within 48 hours .
My friend Cornell would have been bound by his promise .
We would have entered into a contract , but concerning an article which did not belong to him , and consequently one which would not have belonged to me either .
The chain of transfers by mutual consent would have been broken .
Someone 's deliberate act would have deprived a man , somewhere or other , of the bicycle he counted on .
His bicycle .
His travel plans thwarted , both the bike 's usage value and its expected resale value gone .
What if Cornell had been a trickster trumped ?
Surely he would have felt the same anger and frustration as his victim if , looking forward to delivering to me what he had promised , one of his ilk had pinched that bike .
But , in taking possession of that bicycle , Cornell had not been assigned the right to sever the bond between this object and its owner .
Only through the parties ' consent may a bond to an object be assigned , without disappointing their expectations and causing them suffering .
Only rights are transferable , not property itself .
Those who take possession of a piece of property disregarding the owner 's intention to transfer his right do not break the bond between that property and its owner .
[ 2 ]
What grounds would I have had to object , had the owner come and reclaimed what had never stopped being his bicycle ? [ 3 ]
False Rights —
The Legalization of Theft
In others , we hope to find certain behaviors , although these behaviors neither stem from their personal commitment , nor are set in stone by custom : we would like them to be polite , helpful , and hospitable .
If my car breaks down , I would like a driver to give me a lift to the next village , but it would be unreasonable to assume that the first one who comes along will be the one to do it ; I do not have any right to assistance .
I have a reasonable expectation that the employees of an establishment open to the public will treat me with courtesy , but is it my right ?
Precedents would imply so , but the right to demand deference towards customers belongs to the employer , if she has taken care to incorporate this specific written clause into her employment contracts .
On the other hand , if I pay pension contributions or health insurance premiums , I am " counting " on the service providers to deliver .
As far as I am concerned , I am covered for these eventualities .
I would feel seriously let down were these organizations to renege on their obligations through either dishonesty or bankruptcy .
But can I reasonably require of people who do not know me , and who do not have any personal obligation to me , to care for me in my old age , to cover the cost of my hospitalization , or to support me whilst unemployed ?
Governments claim a quasi- monopoly on social support which lends them the legitimacy of their power .
They create and fulfill expectations by forcing taxpayers to bail out social security and pension systems .
But , in fulfilling this expectation , does n't this place them in the same position as Cornell , offering me something that does n't belong to him ?
What 's the difference ?
From him as well I was certain of receiving the bike , but at the cost of the owner 's frustration and resentment and by thwarting his travel plans , a cost that neither I nor Cornell was willing to bear , so how come we would impose it on someone else ?
Does not forced redistribution make each beneficiary a receiver of stolen goods ?
Commands
This brings us to the other obvious ways of creating predictability in society : not through rights , but through commands .
After all , as Benjamin Franklin famously remarked , there are only two certainties in this mortal coil : death and taxes .
The government sends out tax demands to millions of households and can with reasonable certainty expect that at least 95 % of people will comply .
This predictability is even greater when members of another form of racket threaten to nail your kneecaps to the floor should you fail to stump up your protection money within three days .
Thus , there are two means of creating predictability in human societies : commands ( to do something ) and rights ( that we may not be subjected to something ) .
The fundamental difference between liberalism and all other political philosophies is that , in all instances , liberals accord rights precedence over commands .
The Moral Order
A command works better when it is internalized .
Rather than waiting for the master to give an order , the individual carries that master within herself at all times .
Information no longer needs to travel up and down the hierarchy .
The individual is deemed to have already accepted the existence of commands to apply in each and every circumstance .
This is the goal of morality .
But a moral code is intrinsically a personal commitment .
It creates predictability for that individual .
We can hope that a great number of individuals internalize certain core values , but just as we have seen with hospitality and mutual aid we cannot legitimately demand it .
The confusion of morality with legislation forms the root of fundamentalism .
Politics based on moral order is a contradiction in terms and are doomed to failure .
In a complex world where no situation ever presents itself in exactly the same fashion , rights foster negotiation to adjust individual actions .
The market is the medium for these adjustments .
But when the law has been internalized , the individual has no one with whom to negotiate adjustments ( can one negotiate with oneself ? ) .
Faced with a new situation , an individual would be inflicting a useless privation on himself and / or his loved ones were he to apply a more rigorous moral criterion than his own morality would demand ; on the other hand , he would end up experiencing guilt were he to act with laxity .
Economists recognize that in this situation where dialogue is absent , contracts are impossible : it is called a command economy .
Prices are set outside the market : too high — and production surplus results in wastage ; too low — and demand will remain unsatisfied .
In all cases , commands , either internal or external , in the moral realm or in the economy , coupled with the impossibility of negotiations weaken the social fabric .
There is no island left in our globalized world , no place to hide .
History engages all .
Those human groups where dialogue and negotiation are stifled are extremely vulnerable now that they are in contact with other groups that have reached a higher , more liberal stage of development .
Societies that are insufficiently complex adapt through violent transformation , as , say , many Muslim societies today , or are shattered out of existence , as are " first nations . "
Of course , a fraught relationship exists between centers and margins , majorities and minorities , dominant and subordinate cultures , with the realization that dissidence may not only be repressed by the dominant , but in a sense actually created by it .
In other words , herd morality , being intrinsically reactive , is defined by what it is not , by what it fears , and by what it excludes .
It is the state police itself which produces the figure of the dissident ; religion ( of whatever persuasion ) that of the heretic ; the moral order , that of the pervert .
Let us celebrate dissidents !
Strength may preserve , but it is dissidence and transgression that advance man as a species .
The " Good Society " and Its Enemies
The " Good Society " creates reasonable expectations through its institutions , its customs , and respect for contracts .
It diminishes the stress and anxiety placed on its members .
Through not subjugating them to any bond ( no forced marriages , no castes , no legal monopoly of " public services " providers ) , people are allowed to form ones they choose : among themselves personally ( friendships , partnerships ) , and among themselves concerning objects ( property rights ) .
In this way , the " Good Society " maximizes each person 's chances of creating the most beneficial and strongest bonds .
The " Good Society " never offers the best possible circumstances for all its members from the outset .
For how could its leaders possibly anticipate each person 's wants ?
Particularly as human desires evolve .
Each of us wants the ability to better our condition through substituting one bond with another that we believe to be of greater value ( divorcing in order to marry a more considerate spouse , switching holdings in a securities portfolio , changing jobs , placing our children in a better school ) .
Even if some people are mistaken in their expectations , others will not know this with complete certainty and , having prevented or forbidden the transaction , they could not compensate those who had wanted it in the first place and are now proven right in their assessment ( time lost and opportunity costs cannot be compensated for ) .
Therefore , any intervention that would ruin the parties ' expectations pertaining to the exercise and formation of these bonds constitutes the most direct and the most harmful attack on the " Good Society . "
We have seen that two types of individuals commit this aggression .
In the first instance , we find those who cannot or will not obtain someone 's consent to transfer a bond to an object to them .
Murderers , rapists , robbers , swindlers , these all know they will never be granted this bond , but nevertheless choose to attack a person and to dispossess her of her rights to her body or possessions against her will .
The other group consists of a party with somewhat starker ambition , those who are aware that to simply seize an asset would make them nothing more than thieves .
This gang instead forbids the creation of certain bonds between people and invalidates those which people have been able to create between themselves and objects .
Governments ( they alone can harbor this outrageous pretension ) impose restrictions on marriage contracts , employment and business contracts , on the free movement of people , on the construction of buildings , on what people can eat , drink , smoke , read , view , say , print and broadcast , what clothes we can wear , and what medicines we can use .
They seize all or part of the assets of individuals and companies at will .
Yet , the desire to create new bonds underpins our initiatives , and as these bonds strengthen they bring us ever - greater satisfaction .
So conversely , their violation causes us ever - greater distress .
This is why the common good of the " Good Society " is to protect these bonds without which it would not exist and to protect them especially against those who have the political power to infringe on them .
Will we ever achieve a " Good Society " ?
There is often cause for despair , I agree .
It seems the battle is never won .
But let me quote a wonderful Bulgarian poet , Blaga Dimitrova , with words that have inspired me for many years :
I 'm not afraid they 'll stamp me flat .
Grass stamped flat soon becomes a path . [ 4 ]
Big US banks have been issued swine flu vaccines that were meant for priority groups .
The banks , already been bailed out by US taxpayers as they teetered on the brink in the wake of the global financial crisis , were issued with the H1N1 vaccines after a decision by local officials in New York , according to .
The Obama administration is contacting state and local officials to reinforce that H1N1 vaccine should be used for high - risk groups first following a report that some of New York 's biggest companies got supplies , White House press secretary Robert Gibbs said .
The head of the Centres for Disease Control " is sending a letter to every state and city receiving vaccine to reiterate that vaccine should be going to priority groups , " Gibbs said .
He was responding to a question about a report in that companies such as Citigroup and Goldman Sachs Group got small quantities of the vaccine in the past week .
Enjoy radio shows from the 1930s , 1940s , and 1950s , back before television was popular .
These are the vintage shows your grandparents loved , from popular comedies like Amos & Andy to westerns such as Gunsmoke , Now you can hear these shows for free online at Dumb.com .
Or , download our free Old Time Radio iPhone / iPad app or Android app .
UNITED NATIONS ( Reuters ) - The U.N. General Assembly voted overwhelmingly on Wednesday to urge the United States to lift a nearly half century - old economic embargo against Cuba , making its now ritual call amid some easing of U.S. ties toward the communist - run island .
The assembly passed a non-binding resolution -- with 187 votes in favor , three against and two abstentions -- for the 18th consecutive year , reflecting the world ’s disapproval of Washington ’s longstanding effort to isolate Havana .
U.S. President Barack Obama ’s administration has taken some steps to ease hostility with Cuba , although it has not moved to lift the trade embargo .
“ The economic blockade has not met , nor will it meet , its purpose of bending the patriotic determination of the Cuban people but it generates shortages , it restricts our development potential and seriously damages our economy , ” Cuban Foreign Minister Bruno Rodriguez told the General Assembly .
Obama has said he wants to “ recast ” ties that have been hostile since soon after Fidel Castro ’s 1959 revolution steered Cuba toward communism .
Fidel Castro stepped aside as president last year because of illness , replaced by his younger brother , Raul Castro .
But Obama has said the 47 - year - old embargo will be maintained until Cuba improves human rights and frees political detainees .
Susan Rice , the U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations , said the U.N. resolution did not reflect the “ current realities ” in Cuba .
She said it was wrong to blame the U.S. sanctions for deprivation among the Cuban people .
“ It is high time for this body to move beyond the rhetorical posturing of the past , to recognize the situation in Cuba for what it is today and to encourage progress toward genuine change , ” Rice told the General Assembly .
In a sign of thawing ties , Obama has lifted limits on Cuban Americans traveling and sending money to Cuba , and initiated talks with Havana on migration and mail service , the latter aimed at reinstating direct postal service between Cuba and the United States suspended since August 1963 .
“ These are important steps and we hope they can be the starting point for further change , ” Rice said .
Israel and Palau voted with the United States against Wednesday ’s resolution , while the Marshall Islands and Micronesia abstained .
I 'm still seething about being forced to pay SIX overdraft fees - thirty bucks a pop ! - because a check I 'd deposited bounced , and my ( ex ) bank approved six small transactions the next morning without so much as a blip to let me know .
That was three years ago , and I 'm still ticked off .
I never asked for " overdraft protection , " so imagine my shock when I discover the bounced check plus what amounted to a $ 34.00 latte on my bank statement .
That 's a hell of a loan , eh ?
The bank loans me four bucks at an interest rate not even the Sopranos could get away with !
Millions of people have had these unscrupulous overdraft policies drain their bank accounts ; banks last year raked in $ 37 billion in overdraft fees .
Factoid UPDATE , thanks to Oddball : According to the Wall St Journal , banks bring in from $ 25 billion and $ 38 billion a year in overdraft fees .
LA Times , By E. Scott Reckard November 12 , 2009 | 12:40 p.m.
Flexing newfound muscle as consumer protector , the Federal Reserve today banned overdraft fees on automated teller machine and debit - card transactions unless consumers have actively opted for an overdraft protection service .
The new rules mean that banks will be required to get their customers ' permission before charging fees when debit - card and ATM transactions trigger an overdraft .
Customers who do n't elect to have overdraft coverage will see their charges rejected if they put their bank accounts into the red .
Consumer advocates lauded the move as long overdue but said stronger measures contained in pending legislation introduced by Democrats were needed as well .
---snip-----
" The Fed should be applauded , " said Lauren Bowne , staff attorney for Consumers Union , which had argued that the overdraft charges were really a form of high - interest loans .
" Soon , banks will have to persuade their customers that these overdraft programs are beneficial compared to other lower - cost alternatives . "
TD Banknorth has a policy I find extraordinarily deceitful .
If a customer has five " pending " transactions that total more than the account balance , the bank will process the largest transaction first ( irregardless of the real time it was initiated ) therefore causing all the smaller transactions to generate overdraft fees .
So , instead of clearing four ten dollar transactions and bouncing the $ 200 one , the bank processes the $ 200 first to create four overdraft fees .
Yes -- it 's up to customers to carefully monitor balances ; but is it ethical to rob them for making mistakes ?
Especially if the bank refuses to bounce / refuse transactions ?
As if that customer was n't in poverty already !
Sen Dodd responded to the Fed 's announcement today ;
Giving consumers a choice is important , " but we need to do far more to protect customers from abusive bank products , " Dodd said today in a statement .
" We still need to stop the excessive fees , repeated charges , lax notifications and processing manipulation " in overdraft - protection programs .
Congressman Barney Frank and Senator Chris Dodd each have proposed legislation to protect consumers from their banks .
How can we protect the people of Israel from existential threats if we hold no concern for the protection of the Palestinians , for their physical security , their right to land , their right to their own homes , their right to water , their right to sustenance , their right to freedom of movement , their right to the human security of jobs , education and health care ?
We will have peace only when the plight of both Palestinians and Israelis is brought before this House and given equal consideration in recognition of that principle that all people on this planet have a right to survive and thrive , and it is our responsibility , our duty to see that no individual , no group , no people are barred from this humble human claim .
Cross-posted from The Huffington Post .
To a man , the Lakers were stunned to hear that Kareem Abdul - Jabbar had been diagnosed with a rare form of leukemia .
Kobe Bryant said he was " extremely shocked " to hear that the NBA 's all - time leading scorer was found to have Philadelphia chromosome - positive chronic myeloid leukemia , a cancer of the blood and bone marrow that produces cancerous cells .
" We 're shocked , just as is everybody else , " Bryant said .
" He 's extremely private . "
Abdul - Jabbar , a Lakers special assistant coach , informed very few people when he was diagnosed last December .
He quietly told some of the Lakers ' coaching staff a few months later but did not inform other players and Lakers personnel .
Andrew Bynum , who was coached by Abdul - Jabbar the last few seasons , was also surprised to hear the news .
" I did n't even know until today , this morning , " Bynum said .
" It 's unfortunate .
I wish him the best with it . "
-- Mike Bresnahan
Photo : Kareem Abdul - Jabbar in June during the Lakers ' victory parade .
He was diagnosed with leukemia last December .
Credit : Mark Boster / Los Angeles Times
In the film The Day After Tomorrow , the world enters the icy grip of a new glacial period within the space of just a few weeks .
Now new research shows that this scenario may not be so far from the truth after all .
William Patterson , from the University of Saskatchewan in Canada , and his colleagues have shown that switching off the North Atlantic circulation can force the Northern hemisphere into a mini 'ice age ' in a matter of months .
Previous work has indicated that this process would take tens of years .
Around 12,800 years ago the northern hemisphere was hit by a mini ice - age , known by scientists as the Younger Dryas , and nicknamed the ' Big Freeze ' , which lasted around 1300 years .
Geological evidence shows that the Big Freeze was brought about by a sudden influx of freshwater , when the glacial Lake Agassiz in North America burst its banks and poured into the North Atlantic and Arctic Oceans .
This vast pulse , a greater volume than all of North America 's Great Lakes combined , diluted the North Atlantic conveyor belt and brought it to a halt .
Without the warming influence of this ocean circulation temperatures across the Northern hemisphere plummeted , ice sheets grew and human civilisation fell apart .
Previous evidence from Greenland ice cores has indicated that this sudden change in climate occurred over the space of a decade or so .
Now new data shows that the change was amazingly abrupt , taking place over the course of a few months , or a year or two at most .
Patterson and his colleagues have created the highest resolution record of the ' Big Freeze ' event to date , from a mud core taken from an ancient lake , Lough Monreach , in Ireland .
Using a scalpel layers were sliced from the core , just 0.5 m m thick , representing a time period of one to three months .
Carbon isotopes in each slice reveal how productive the lake was , while oxygen isotopes give a picture of temperature and rainfall .
At the start of the ' Big Freeze ' their new record shows that temperatures plummeted and lake productivity stopped over the course of just a few years .
" It would be like taking Ireland today and moving it up to Svalbard , creating icy conditions in a very short period of time , " says Patterson , who presented the findings at the European Science Foundation BOREAS conference on humans in the Arctic , in Rovaniemi , Finland .
Meanwhile , their isotope record from the end of the Big Freeze shows that it took around two centuries for the lake and climate to recover , rather than the abrupt decade or so that ice cores indicate .
" This makes sense because it would take time for the ocean and atmospheric circulation to turn on again , " says Patterson .
Looking ahead to the future Patterson says there is no reason why a ' Big Freeze ' should n't happen again .
" If the Greenland ice sheet melted suddenly it would be catastrophic , " he says .
This study was part of a broad network of 38 individual research teams from Europe , Russia , Canada and the USA forming the European Science Foundation EUROCORES programme ' Histories from the North -- environments , movements , narratives ' ( BOREAS ) .
This highly interdisciplinary initiative brought together scientists from a wide range of disciplines including humanities , social , medical , environmental and climate sciences .
A man convicted of murdering his girlfriend 's mother after police overheard his prayers for forgiveness was jailed for life today .
George Maben , 45 , strangled Maureen Cosgrove , 65 , in her home on 24 March this year .
He had been living with Cosgrove 's daughter Lucy Rees , who was pregnant with his child , at the house in Carshalton Beeches , south London .
Police arrested Maben after bugging his car and overhearing his words : " God , forgive me for what I have done . "
He will serve at least 13 years in prison .
During the trial , the court heard that police had CCTV footage of Maben taking a bus from his mother 's home to Cosgrove 's residence , putting on gloves during the journey .
He later met Rees , 34 , and they returned to the house to find the body .
Fibres from the dead woman 's body were found on Maben 's clothing , but police needed more evidence to charge him .
Officers placed a secret listening device in a Ford Focus used by the unemployed Maben , and on 9 April recorded his appeal for help .
" Please God , help me ... for me and Lucy eliminated from all police inquiries and everything 's all right , please God help me , " an emotional , whispering Maben was heard to say .
" God forgive me for what I have done .
I just could not take it any more .
Every single day , she was breaking me down .
Please God will you forgive me ?
Please God , sorry . "
During the trial Anthony Glass QC , prosecuting , said these words should be " interpreted as a confession to murder " , and said the relationship between Maben and Cosgrove had deteriorated .
" With her out of the way , the defendant could see a future for himself , Lucy , her children and the unborn baby , without the constraints imposed by Maureen Cosgrove , " Glass said .
" That is why he killed her and he said so in these few words .
It is compelling evidence as to why he did that . "
Rees told the court she had been in love with Maben , but he and her mother would sometimes argue .
Rees said Maben explained the recorded confession to her by saying he was praying for forgiveness after having stolen from Cosgrove 's handbag .
Maben denied murder but was convicted by a jury at the Old Bailey yesterday .
Judge Jeremy Roberts sentenced him to life imprisonment with a minimum term of 13 years .
He said he was reducing the term from that which may have been expected from a premeditated murder because it was out of character and because Maben had been under pressure .
Roberts added : " It was illustrated by your prayer for forgiveness which was recorded by police " .
The judge said he did not want anything he said to be interpreted as criticism of Cosgrove , who was the innocent victim of the crime .
He said : " It was no one 's fault that the situation developed where your relationship with Lucy , whom you loved deeply , and her mother , whom you must have seen as a obstacle , drove you to such an act of desperation . "
Rees left court without commenting but her brother John told the judge in a statement : " We have lost a loving mother and grandmother in a particularly horrific way . "
In the eight years Toyota spent in F1 there was little success and a great number of missed opportunities .
Sport has many examples of teams blessed with an abundance of resources which they proceed to squander .
From day one money was no object for Toyota , yet their trio of pole positions and 13 podium finishes – with no wins – must be considered a complete and utter failure .
Toyota ’s first board decision to enter F1 was taken in 1998 , but it took until 2001 for them to get a working car on the track .
Although they originally intended this to be their first season , the team decided it was n’t sufficiently prepared , so they took their prototype to a range of F1 venues and ran race simulations including pit stops .
Former Ferrari driver Mika Salo was brought in to drive and was paired with a man previously thought to be one of the most promising young talents not to get an F1 driver – Allan McNish .
Driver decisions
The team expected little from their first full season of Formula 1 , but the early signs were encouraging .
Salo scored a point on their debut at Melbourne , partly thanks to the field being decimated by a huge accident at the first corner .
But in short order we became accustomed to a Toyota trait – they made some utterly baffling decisions , particularly when it came to hiring drivers .
Salo and McNish were kicked out at the end of 2002 – in their place came the unremarkable Olivier Panis and Champ Car star Cristiano da Matta .
The sheer size of the team seemed to work against it .
Being located in Cologne , Germany , made it difficult to attract experienced staff from other F1 teams , most of which are based in Britain .
And when they did lure a big name – such as Mike Gascoyne – he quickly became frustrated by internal politics and left .
Toyota ’s corporate culture also worked against the team – Ove Andersson had to step down as team principal in 2003 due to his age .
Probably the worst single decision the team made was hiring Ralf Schumacher on a multi-million dollar salary far in excess of what any other team would pay him .
Jokes about whether they thought they ’d hired the other Schumacher were impossible to avoid .
The good year
Schumacher got to drive the most competitive car to come out of Cologne , the 2005 TF105 , but it was team mate Jarno Trulli who got the most out of the car to begin with , scoring three podiums in the first five races of 2005 .
This was the high point of Toyota ’s time in F1 .
Now in its fourth season , some indication of the team ’s desperation to score results came as it scored its first two pole positions .
Knowing it was doomed not to participate in the 2005 United States Grand Prix because of the Michelin tyre failures a very lightly - fuelled Trulli took pole position at Indianapolis , before joining the other Michelin - shod cars in withdrawing .
At home in Suzuka later that year the team did the same again , this time with Schumacher , who took pole position but came in for fuel seven laps earlier than any of the front runners and finished eighth .
Their vast resources seldom led to anything in the way of innovation and a succession of conventional cars rolled out of Cologne .
At one stage accusations were levelled at the team that they had used confidential information from Ferrari to design their cars , but court proceedings brought in Italy were dropped and , unlike the notorious McLaren case , the FIA chose not to investigate .
After the peak of 2005 the team slumped badly during the next two seasons .
But there was no let - up in the spending .
Last year they were estimated to have a budget of almost $ 450 m , and that was after Schumacher ’s wage bill was replaced by Timo Glock ’s more modest pay packet .
Toyota blushes were deeper and redder in 2007 when they began supplying engines to Williams and were beaten in the constructors ’ championship by their customer team .
After that Toyota foisted their up - and - coming but inexperienced rookie Kazuki Nakajima on the team and consequently out - scored Williams in 2008 and 2009 .
Missed opportunities
Toyota started 2009 with a car arguably capable of challenging for wins .
At Melbourne Trulli and Glock started at the back of the grid following a technical infringement , but still managed to finish third and fourth .
They locked out the front row of the grid at Bahrain on light fuel loads – with more realistic strategies they could have qualified similarly well but might have kept Jenson Button behind .
After a competitive start to the season – partly thanks to being one of only three teams running the performance - enhancing ‘ double diffusers ’ – Toyota ’s form varied wildly from track to track .
But they never looked like convincing candidates for victory .
It is a truism that the team with the best car in F1 usually wins .
But Toyota serve as a reminder that the team with the greatest wealth wo n’t necessarily build the best car .
They spent eight years proving that over and over .
Toyota F1 drivers , 2002 to 2009
Mika Salo ( 2002 )
Allan McNish ( 2002 )
Olivier Panis ( 2003 - 5 )
Cristiano da Matta ( 2003 - 4 )
Jarno Trulli ( 2004 - 9 )
Ricardo Zonta ( 2004 )
Ralf Schumacher ( 2005 - 7 )
Timo Glock ( 2008 - 9 )
Kamui Kobayashi ( 2009 )
Toyota F1 results
Races started : 139
Wins : 0
Pole postions : 3
Fastest laps : 3
Points : 278.5
Podiums : 13
Best championship result : 4th ( 2005 )
Laps led : 66
Read more : Toyota quits F1 after eight winless years
Janet Napolitano , Secretary Homeland Security is greeted on Capitol Hill by Senate Homeland Security and Government Affairs Committee Chairman Sen. Joseph Lieberman .
Was Fort Hood really the target of a terrorist attack ?
The first clue to the real culprit emerged when Senator Joe Lieberman sought to blame this mass murder on the U.S. military .
As chairman of the Senate Committee on Homeland Security , he promised hearings on how the Pentagon protects its personnel from domestic terrorists .
Will Lieberman , an avowed Zionist , use this incident to insist that the U.S. do more to protect Jewish nationalists ?
More importantly , what do his concerns mean for homeland security ?
Joe Lieberman has an ally in Janet Napolitano , Secretary of Homeland Security .
In April , this former Arizona governor warned about potential terrorism from U.S. troops returning from deployment in the Middle East .
Though roundly attacked , she defended her position , calling it an " assessment not an accusation . "
When Army Major Nidal Hasan killed U.S. troops on the nation 's largest military base , was this evidence of " militant Islam " ?
Or did this military psychiatrist snap under pressure while treating returning vets on a base averaging ten suicides a month ?
Is there an undisclosed agenda behind those seeking to portray this act as the work of " Islamo fascists " ?
To answer these questions requires a grasp of how " assets " are deployed by those skilled at waging war by way of deception .
An asset is someone who has been profiled in sufficient depth that - when placed in a pre-staged time , place and circumstance - the person can be relied on to behave consistent with their profile .
Best Story Wins
Since the end of the Cold War , the predominant geopolitical narrative has been The Clash of Civilizations and its military counterpart : The Global War on Terrorism .
How better to advance that storyline than to kill American soldiers even before they leave the U.S. ?
What 's the motive ?
Imagine if the intelligence that induced the U.S. to war was proven " fixed " around a preset goal .
What if the common source of that treachery is poised to become transparent ?
If you were complicit in this deception ( an act of treason ) , how would you obscure those facts ?
How would you sustain a " Muslim terrorist " narrative once the intelligence " facts " are exposed as pre-staged fictions meant to advance an undisclosed Israeli agenda ?
For those marketing The Clash premise , Dr. Hasan 's psychotic break was a blessing .
At Family Security Matters , President Carol Taber describes this incident as " the Ft. Hood terrorist attack " by an " Islamist gunman . "
Editor Pam Meister promotes " the shocking TRUTH ( sic ) behind these attacks so that we might ward off those yet to come . "
Executive Vice - President Linda Cohen , who also serves as a trustee of the Anti-Defamation League ( ADL ) , offers advice certain to appeal to Lieberman and Napolitano : " No one is safe now .
Not you , not the military , not your children , not office workers nor subway riders , nor anyone who happens to be in the wrong place at the wrong time . "
Is there a precedent for combining aberrant behavior and a mass murder to advance a preset agenda ?
Do you recall the sniper attacks around Washington , D.C. in October 2002 ?
Those murders commenced one day before debate began on Senate Resolution 46 proposed by Joe Lieberman to authorize the use of U.S. forces in Iraq .
In the immediate aftermath of 9 - 11 , Lieberman and Arizona Senator John McCain urged that the U.S. target not Al Qaeda but Iraq .
The nation 's capital became a city under siege when those attacks created insecurity and heightened anxiety as serial murders left ten dead and three wounded over a 10 - day period .
Those random shootings transformed the terror of 9 - 11 into a personal reality for Washington residents while Lieberman deployed phony intelligence to promote the invasion of a nation that had no hand in the mass murder of 9 - 11 .
Assets and Sayanim Once again : assets are profiled personalities catalyzed to act out known dysfunctions in ways that are advantageous based on the time , place and circumstances of their behavior .
The totality of the facts suggests that Dr. Nidal Hasan may well have been such an asset .
Assets are typically identified , profiled and developed over lengthy periods of time .
Their potential to act out a known personality disorder is held in reserve in the same way that a military commander holds troops in reserve for deployment at an opportune time .
How is an asset developed in plain sight and then tasked at the right moment ?
Only a careful investigation can identify those influences particular to Dr. Hasan , including what decisions led to his transfer to Ft. Hood and the circumstances there that triggered his behavior .
News reports to date are consistent with this analysis .
For instance , his name appears as a participant for public briefings at the Homeland Security Policy Institute at George Washington University .
As a registrant in the Obama presidential transition task force ( " Thinking Anew - Security Priorities for the Next Administration " ) , he would have interacted with a team of nine " task force briefers . "
Judging from their surnames , at least seven were Ashkenazim .
As a combat - stress psychiatrist , Dr. Hasan dealt daily with troubled vets at Walter Reed Hospital where the most grievously wounded are sent to recover , many of them amputees , disfigured or otherwise handicapped for life .
While coping with that vicarious trauma , he was taunted for his Muslim beliefs and harassed for his Middle Eastern heritage even though he was born , raised and educated in the U.S. .
Despite clear indications of internal turmoil , including repeated attempts to resign his commission , he was dispatched to a post known for its huge population of combat - stressed vets .
He arrived anticipating orders to deploy to Afghanistan , realizing his worst nightmare .
Meanwhile a commander - in - chief promising change made matters even worse in the region .
Israeli psy-ops rely on an extensive cadre of sayanim ( Hebrew for volunteers ) who are shielded from legal culpability by being told only enough to perform their narrow role when tasked to assist with operations on an as - needed basis .
Otherwise , they gather and report useful intelligence .
Thus the presence of sayanim throughout the U.S. government .
A sayan may well have identified Nidal Hasan as a potential asset who could be developed and , as here , deployed .
At What Cost ?
With evidence emerging that Israelis and pro-Israelis were the source of the sham intelligence that induced the U.S. to war , those responsible are scrambling to cover their tracks .
Americans will soon realize what the facts confirm : Jewish nationalists deceived the U.S. in order to deploy our military to pursue Israel 's expansionist agenda for the Middle East .
Americans will soon awaken to the cost of this entangled alliance in blood and treasure .
U.S. deaths in Iraq could top 4,300 this month with more than one million Iraqis dead from the war and from violence unleashed by those who manipulated this alliance to induce an invasion .
That brings us back to the uncomfortable but essential question : Was Homeland Security created to protect the U.S. ?
Or was it created to protect those who deceived the U.S. ?
Was this incident another example of the murderous misdirection deployed to pit Americans against Muslims to advance unacknowledged Zionist goals ?
By shifting blame to the military , do Lieberman and Napolitano intend to use federal law enforcement to contain the outraged reaction of an informed public and an awakened military ?
Was Dr. Nidal Hasan a terrorist ?
Or was he a troubled pawn in an ongoing psy - ops campaign meant to revive a narrative that - like the fixed intelligence - was losing credibility ?
Both the false intelligence and the anti-Muslim narrative feature a theme of fomenting hate and intolerance .
On October 28th , President Obama signed into law ADL 's model hate crime legislation .
Will that federal law now be deployed by Homeland Security to silence those who make transparent the common source of this deception ?
How much longer before a long - deceived public - both in the U.S. and abroad - takes the steps required to ensure that never again is duplicity allowed to operate on such a scale ?
* Jeff Gates is a widely acclaimed author , attorney , investment banker , educator and consultant to government , corporate and union leaders worldwide ; an adviser to policy - makers worldwide ; former counsel to the U.S. Senate Finance Committee ; and author of numerous articles and books including his latest book " http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/098213150X?ie=UTF8&tag=sabbahsblog-20&link Code=as2&camp=1789&creative=9325&creativeASIN=098213150X " Guilt by Association : How Deception and Self - Deceit Took America to War " http://www.assoc-amazon.com/e/ir?t=sabbahsblog-20&l=as2&o=1&a=098213150X
"
Democracy at Risk and The Ownership Solution .
See " http://www.criminalstate.com " www.criminalstate.com
Also see : " http://intifada-palestine.com/2009/07/17/how-the-israel-lobby- took-control-of-u-s-foreign-policy/"
How the Israel Lobby Took Control of U.S. Foreign Policy " http://www.veteranstoday.com/modules.php?name=News&file= article&sid=9000 " Dancing To Our Israeli Masters Veterans Today " http://sabbah.biz/mt/archives/2009/11/09/todays-ancient-warfare-facts-vs-beliefs/ "
" Permalink to Today 's Ancient Warfare : Facts vs. Beliefs " Today 's Ancient Warfare : Facts vs. Beliefs
ABC crushed all competition with Flashforward ( 3.7 ) , Grey 's Anatomy ( 6.1 ) , and Private Practice ( 4.6 ) .
With FlashFoward retaining a large portion of the demo from last week , ABC seems to have new 3 shows that will be sticking around for a while : Flash Forward , Modern Family , and Cougar Town .
Not bad if you ask me .
CBS did well with Survivor ( 3.7 ) , CSI ( 4.1 ) , and The Mentalist ( 3.8 ) .
CSI is clearly going down , but The Mentalist did much better than last week .
Luckily Private Practice does n't do all well as Grey's .
Fox is not doing well with the combo of Bones ( 2.7 ) and Fringe ( 2.3 ) .
While Bones has remained stable , Fringe has plummeted after the move to Thursdays .
NBC is quickly getting destroyed on Thursdays with SNL : Weekend Update Thursday ( 1.8 ) , Parks and Recreation ( 2.0 ) , The Office ( 3.9 ) , Community ( 2.9 ) , and The Jay Leno Show ( 1.5 ) .
Hopefully Community can stay steady at that number .
I 'm feeling pretty good about the show even though its numbers are n't great .
It ranks among the top of NBC scripted shows which is a scary thought .
“ Results to date suggest that sidewalks and multi-use trails pose the highest risk … and the presence of bicycle facilities ( e.g. on - road bike routes , on - road marked bike lanes , and off - road bike paths ) was associated with the lowest risk . ”
There ’s a constant chorus — sometimes soft , sometimes overpoweringly loud — in every conversation about bike infrastructure in America .
Its refrain :
You ’re safer without any bike lanes , separated lanes , cycle tracks , bike boulevards , off - road paths .
Just take the lane , follow the rules , wear your helmet , and you ’ll be fine .
A group of scholars at the University of British Columbia have found otherwise .
They conducted a literature review , looking at all available studies linking bicycle safety with infrastructure .
Their conclusions will be counterintuitive for some .
“ Results to date suggest that sidewalks and multi-use trails pose the highest risk , major roads are more hazardous than minor roads , and the presence of bicycle facilities ( e.g. on - road bike routes , on - road marked bike lanes , and off - road bike paths ) was associated with the lowest risk . ”
Multi-use paths like the
Hawthorne Bridge have the
highest injury potential .
( Photo © J. Maus )
That ’s right — riding on sidewalks and multi-use trails is less safe than riding on major roads .
The studies surveyed found that riding on the sidewalk resulted in risks 1.8 to 16 times the risk of cycling on the road .
One study found that sidewalk - riding crashes ( the study ’s authors purposefully do not use the word “ accident ” ) exclusively occurred while riding against the flow of car traffic on the adjacent road .
The researchers also found that “ street lighting [ particularly on rural roads ] , paved surfaces , and low - angled grades are additional factors that appear to improve cyclist safety . ”
These conclusions , the researchers are quick to note , are tentative , pending better data .
They only found 23 English language studies that took on the relationship between bicycle safety and infrastructure , as opposed to a wealth of studies about helmets .
They write ,
“ To date , most studies of cycling safety , especially in North America – have emphasized helmet design , regulation , and implementation to mitigate the severity of cycling injuries when a crash occurs . ”
But , they point out , helmets protect only from head injuries , and “ more importantly , do not prevent incidents from occurring in the first place . ”
“ One of the major advantages of infrastructure - based improvements , compared to personal protective devices such as helmets , is that safe infrastructure provides population - wide protection for all cyclists , ” study co-author Meghan Winters said in a press release .
A team at PSU is conducting an
analysis of Portland ’s bike boxes .
( Photo © J. Maus )
The research on injuries and infrastructure that the researchers did uncover is often contradictory and does not use standardized ( or even always decipherable ) terms to identify different types of facility .
There are deep problems with the reporting of data on cycling crashes and injuries .
What ’s more , many types of infrastructure now common in North America have not been studied at all , including bike boxes , sharrows , and the relationship between cycling and speed bumps .
( Some studies are in process — for instance , a bike box evalution is currently underway at the Institute for Bicycle and Pedestrian Innovation at PSU . )
The researchers have hopes that their review serves to point other scholars towards opportunities for filling in the many gaps in our knowledge of bicycle infrastructure and safety .
As more studies are conducted , they say , there will be better data available to inform engineering guidelines to make bicycling safer and more appealing .
Front Page , Infrastructure , News
Infrastructure , research , Safety
Last night after a 10 hour drive I was up at 5:00 AM watching the futures plunge but not knowing why .
Now we know : Dubai default fears spook investors
Global stock markets endured heavy selling on Thursday as investors were spooked by the spectre of a default by Dubai and after a febrile foreign exchange market saw the yen surge to a 14 - year high against the dollar .
The turmoil caused a flight to less risky assets .
Gold , which had challenged $ 1,200 in Asian trading , fell back from its highs and money flowed into havens such as German government bonds .
US markets are closed for the Thanksgiving holiday , but electronic trading of the benchmark S&P 500 equity futures contract showed a potential drop on Wall Street of 2.2 per cent .
As the European trading day progressed it became clear it was Dubai World ’s difficulties that had hit a particular nerve , reminding investors of the lingering damage wrought by the financial crisis .
Banking stocks tumbled on concern about their potential exposure to Dubai .
Indeed , the cost of insuring against default by the emirate jumped , with Reuters reporting the Dubai five - year credit default swap being quoted as high as 500 - 550 basis points .
This means it would cost about $ 500,000 a year to insure $ 10 m of Dubai ’s debt .
On Tuesday it would have cost about $ 360,000 .
Greek and Irish government five - year credit default swaps also moved higher as nations with supposedly precarious fiscal positions were punished .
In contrast , investors sought out comparative haven assets , pushing the yield on the German Bund down by 8 basis points to 3.16 per cent .
Dubai Debt Delay Rattles Confidence in Gulf Borrowers
Dubai shook investor confidence across the Persian Gulf after its proposal to delay debt payments risked triggering the biggest sovereign default since Argentina in 2001 .
The cost of protecting government notes from Abu Dhabi to Bahrain rose , extending the steepest increase since February as Dubai World , with $ 59 billion of liabilities , sought a “ standstill ” agreement from creditors .
Dubai World ’s assets range from stakes in Las Vegas casino company MGM Mirage to London - traded bank Standard Chartered Plc and luxury retailer Barneys New York through asset - management firm Istithmar PJSC .
The Dubai government ’s attempt to reschedule debt triggered declines in stocks worldwide that had been rebounding from the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression .
Unlike Argentina , which stopped payments on $ 95 billion of debt eight years ago after yields on benchmark bonds more than doubled in four months to more than 40 percent , Dubai ’s announcement yesterday “ was a surprise , ” said Alia Moubayed , a London - based economist at Barclays Plc .
Gold And The Watched Pot Theory
Message Of Gold
The reason for the strength in gold is not US inflation .
As I have pointed out many times , gold fell from 850 to 250 over the course of 20 years , with inflation every step of the way .
Thus , the inflation story just does not fit .
However , it should be clear that a major financial crisis is in store following a long period of competitive currency devaluation and massive debt and derivatives expansion by nearly every major country on the planet .
Might the US dollar blow up ?
Yes it might .
But so could the RMB if China floated it , and so could the British pound .
No one seems to see the crisis brewing in Japan with a huge demographic problem , a shrinking population , falling exports , and no way to pay back its national debt .
There is seldom a mention of the problems in European banks who foolishly lent money to the Baltic States in Euros or Swiss Francs and now those Baltic country currencies have collapsed and the loans cannot be paid back .
European banks also lent to Latin America and those loans are also suspect .
Arguably , European banks are in worse shape than US banks , but no one talks about it , at least in the US .
Spain has unemployment approaching 20 % yet must suffer through the same interest rate policy as Germany .
Seldom does one hear about this either .
Certainly the UK is a complete basket case with its banks on government life support .
Iceland has already blown up , who is next ?
Most are not aware of the problems in China , Japan , or Europe .
However , the problems in the US are universally well understood .
Indeed all eyes are on the dollar and everyone is talking about deficits , monetary printing , and especially unfunded liabilities even though the latter is tomorrow 's problem , not today's .
Watched Pot Theory Revisited
A watched pot may boil , but it's not likely to explode , especially when everyone watching the pot expects an explosion any second .
Indeed , it would be fitting if the Ridiculous Hype Over Secret Oil Meetings , helped form a bottom on the US dollar .
Yet , it 's easy to see that a financial crisis is brewing .
Somewhere , something is going to blow sky high , but from where I sit , it 's as likely to be in the Yen , the Swiss Franc , the British Pound , or something no one is watching at all as opposed to the US dollar specifically .
Hyperinflation ?!
Nov 18 , 2009 - 12:58 AM
The jist of the deflationists argument is that debt deleveraging MUST trigger huge consumer and asset price deflation .
Whilst we have all witnessed huge asset price deflation and some consumer price deflation during 2008 and into 2009 .
However we have also witnessed unprecedented government and central bank actions of this year , which have ignited asset price inflation with more to come that is now starting to feed into consumer price inflation .
Why do deflationists have it wrong ?
It is that focusing on the deleveraging of the the debt mountain is a red herring , taken on its own then yes it DOES imply deflation as the debt bubble ' should ' contract .
But given the asset price reaction of 2009 that is NOT what is actually taking place !
the Debt bubble is NOT deleveraging , the bad debts are being dumped onto the tax payers !
The huge derivatives positions that act as the icebergs under the ocean as compared to the asset price tips that we see above water are not contracting but expanding !
The DEFLATIONISTS ARE DEAD WRONG !
The last 8 months have proven it to be so !
But STILL they cling on as though they have blinkered visions as a function of presumably not having to put their own money on their deflation calls .
What will there position be in another 8 months - it will be to REINVENT HISTORY TO IMPLY THEY SAW IT COMING ALL ALONG !
Total Bank Credit
More Deflationary Writeoffs Coming
Often derided as lazy or crazy , for decades people suffering from chronic fatigue syndrome have faced a stigma of doubt , ridicule and legal hassles over their condition .
But a new study , to be published Friday in the journal Science , shows the ailment is almost certainly caused by a virus , a close relative of HIV , and might be treatable with current AIDS medications .
Judy Mikovits , the senior study author , says that virtually all of the 101 chronic fatigue sufferers she tested for the study were infected with a retrovirus known as XMRV .
And the chance that the virus was there by accident in chronic fatigue sufferers was " infinitesimally small , " especially since it was not found in the vast majority of healthy people also tested by researchers .
" It undoubtedly causes some of the symptoms that are associated with it ( chronic fatigue ) , " says Mikovits , research director of Nevada 's Whittemore Peterson Institute for Neuro - immune Diseases .
" It 's a true human infection , " she says .
She also says these findings will help bust the stigma that imposes a duel burden on those with the disease , which is also known as Myalgic Encephalomyelitis .
" We 're delighted because the stigma that 's gone on with this , the idea that it 's somehow psychiatric or you are unable to handle stress ... would be gone . "
Toronto lawyer Richard Bogoroch agrees , saying chronic fatigue patients also face legal discrimination , with employers and insurance companies often doubting their disease .
" I can tell you in my experience these are real complaints and this is wonderful that they 've found an objective marker , " says Bogoroch , who has fought many chronic fatigue compensation cases .
" Many people in my experience with chronic fatigue ... have had their creditability doubted – they 're either malingerers or they 're not as injured as they say they are .
Their whole credibility and legitimacy has been called into question . "
Mikovits says that , like HIV , the virus probably attacks some elements of the immune system , and is passed on through bodily fluids .
" It looks to us just like an HIV in that it sets up an immune deficiency ( that causes ) a spectrum of disorders , " Mikovits says .
" And it plays out for different people in different ways just like HIV . "
But unlike the AIDS virus , which will eventually attack anyone who contracts it , XMRV likely damages only those people with a genetic or physiological susceptibility to the ailment .
" You can be infected and be well , " she says .
Mikovits says the virus may also attack key mechanisms that form red blood cells , the oxygen bearing workhorses that fuel all the tissues in our bodies .
" The whole fatigue thing could well be an inability to appropriately then develop red blood cells , " she says .
" So you 'd ( alter ) oxygen carrying capacity which we 've seen in a lot of the patients ... just plain out oxygen depletion . "
Just as there were vocal detractors of the HIV - AIDS connection when that virus was discovered two decades ago , people will question the retroviral foundation of chronic fatigue , Mikovits says .
But , she says , all of the various symptoms associated with the syndrome could be caused by immune and blood damage commonly associated with retroviral infections .
" As I go through the clinical symptoms ... there is n't one that I have found so far that could n't be explained by infection with this virus . "
Canadian Institutes of Health Research scientist Marc - Andre Langlois agrees , saying many of the symptoms associated with chronic fatigue could be explained by retroviral infections .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Indeed , Langlois , a University of Ottawa retroviral expert , says more and more diseases , such as prostate cancer , have suspected connections with these pathogens .
" And what 's good about that is that because of the efforts in the HIV field , retroviruses are treatable , " he says .
" So it immediately gives the clinicians working in this field new possibilities of treatment .
Instead of treating these patients for depression ... you could try giving them anti-retrovirals . "
There are some 340,000 people in this country diagnosed with chronic fatigue , according to Statistics Canada .
Though they vary widely , symptoms can include fatigue , loss of memory or concentration , unexplained muscle and joint pain , headaches , poor sleep and extreme exhaustion after physical or mental exercise .
And as typical with viral infections , the symptoms of chronic fatigue often come on suddenly and with full force , " Mikovits says .
" There really are outbreaks , where they remember the day they got sick , " she says .
Like the HIV , the fatigue retrovirus would be spread through bodily fluids like blood or semen , and is likely to lurk in the country 's transfusion blood supply , Mikovits says .
" We actually have a couple of patients who likely acquired the disease and the virus ... through a transfusion process , " she says .
Mikovits says officials in charge of blood safety will likely have to address the possibility that treatments meant to kill HIV in transfusion products do not get rid of the XMRV virus .
As a retrovirus some of the drugs that work to tamp HIV levels down in the body would likely help chronic fatigue patients .
And because these anti-retroviral drugs have already been approved for human usage , they wo n't be subject to the onerous regulatory testing that could keep them out of human chronic fatigue trials for years , Mikovits says .
" I think there are likely going to be drugs out there from our experience with HIV that are ( government ) approved and that we can just start clinical trials with , " she says .
" Treatment is not going to be five to 10 years away , but can be rapid .
Within the next year or two . "
Jay Ewing was in the middle of a job interview with a manager at Mitchell Energy in its North Texas field office in 1982 when the office phone rang .
On the other end of the line was company president George Mitchell , calling from The Woodlands .
What ensued was an argument over whether to continue testing for natural gas in a formation called the Barnett shale — a concrete - like formation that was widespread throughout the company 's vast lease holdings .
“ In the field the stance was that it was n't economical , the formation was n't viable and could n't make enough gas , ” said Ewing , who was eventually hired by Mitchell and now works for Devon Energy .
“ But this was Mitchell on the phone saying .
‘ This is what we 're going to do . ' ”
It 's a conversation that likely happened hundreds of times in the years that followed , with Mitchell facing constant resistance from some staff , board members and industry analysts in his efforts to make the shale pay off .
In 2002 it paid off big for Mitchell Energy , when Devon Energy realized the potential of the shales and paid $ 3.1 billion to take over the firm .
And now Mitchell 's persistence in trying to coax energy from the common - yet - stubborn formations could be paying off for others , as shale natural gas is being embraced as a potentially huge energy source .
In just two years the country 's estimated natural gas resources rose 39 percent , from 1,320 trillion cubic feet in 2006 to 1,836 trillion cubic feet , largely due to the new outlook for shale gas , according to the Potential Gas Committee .
A study by IHS Cambridge Energy Research Associates calculates that the recoverable shale gas outside of North America could be larger than the entire world 's gas discovered to date .
Dan Steward , a former geologist and vice president with Mitchell Energy who wrote a history of the company 's development of the Barnett shale , said industry eventually would have figured out how to make shale gas profitable .
More for you Business France 's Total enters Barnett Shale gas play
“ But George Mitchell is responsible for making it happen right now , when we need it , ” Steward said .
Mitchell and his brother , Johnny , started the firm in 1946 in downtown 's Esperson Building .
While Johnny met with potential investors in a drug store downstairs , George , the Texas A&M - trained geologist , worked geology maps upstairs .
In the early days the company could n't afford to buy the maps , so the brothers would borrow them from a blueprint company overnight and return them by 8 a.m. , Mitchell said in a recent interview at his office in the JPMorgan Chase Tower downtown .
The company got busy in North Texas drilling for and finding oil and natural gas .
By the mid-1950s George Mitchell had worked out a long - term deal to ship natural gas to Chicago via pipeline , providing Mitchell Energy with a steady customer for years .
The company got busy in North Texas drilling for and finding oil and natural gas .
By the mid-1950s George Mitchell had worked out a long - term deal to ship natural gas to Chicago via pipeline , providing Mitchell Energy with a steady customer for years .
Looking at Barnett
But in the late 1970s Mitchell became concerned about the longevity of the gas flow in his fields .
He did n't want all the wells and other infrastructure he'd built to go to waste .
So he told his workers to find out where else on their leases they could find gas .
A technical paper by one of his geologists , Jim Henry , suggested that a shale formation in the area , the Barnett , might be the source for hydrocarbons .
Shales typically were n't viewed as reservoirs for oil and gas but rather as the source of oil and gas elsewhere , “ the kitchen ” where hydrocarbons are created .
Mitchell noticed when drilling through the Barnett that well logs would register “ a kick in gas , ” but engineers told him the formation was n't porous enough to give up whatever it held .
“ I 'd say , ‘ Let 's fracture it anyway , ' ” Mitchell said , referring to hydraulic fracturing — pumping hundreds of thousand of gallons of water mixed with sand and chemicals into underground formations to break them apart and release more oil and gas .
“ I 'd say , ‘ Let 's fracture it anyway , ' ” Mitchell said , referring to hydraulic fracturing — pumping hundreds of thousand of gallons of water mixed with sand and chemicals into underground formations to break them apart and release more oil and gas .
The early efforts were n't always fruitful , but Mitchell took advantage of the ongoing drilling in better - known formations as a way to conduct regular tests in the Barnett and gather data .
Eventually the company extended 36 wells into the Barnett to try out different mixes of fracturing fluids and different drilling techniques , Steward said .
Many were barely commercial enough to cover the costs of completion .
One example of Mitchell 's persistence was the company 's first exploratory well in Denton County .
The well was supposed to test whether the shale there was good enough for the company to continue to lease more land .
The team drilled in a dome structure , figuring it would likely be an accumulation point for conventional gas that would be worth producing even if the shale proved poor .
But the first review of the well logs indicated neither conventional gas nor good shales , so the team decided to plug the well .
The following Monday morning , Mitchell listened to the team explain its decision .
“ He then told us in no uncertain ways with a number of expletives that we were n't that smart , ” Steward said .
“ He asked , ‘ Have you really succeeded in what you set out to do with this well ? '
And of course he was right , we had n't . ”
A core area
So the team ran casing into the well and tested it further .
It did n't have enough gas to be commercial , but provided additional data which , when swapped for readings from a different company 's well , convinced Mitchell to expand into Denton County .
Today the area is considered a core area of the Barnett .
Mitchell said he spent $ 7 million to $ 8 million experimenting on the wells , trying to make shales work .
His efforts , and the use of horizontal drilling that Devon applied in the Barnett after the takeover , sparked the surge in shale gas production in the last two years .
Activity in several shale formations — including the Fayetteville in Arkansas , Haynesville in Louisiana and Marcellus stretching from West Virginia to New York — now is feeding high hopes for gas as a key toward energy independence , as well as worries about the possible environmental effects of fracturing .
All the new production , along with a recession - driven drop in demand , has sent the price of gas into single digits from highs of more than $ 13 per million British thermal units in the middle of 2008 .
“ Some people have said I 'm to blame for driving the price of gas down from $ 11 to $ 2.50 , ” Mitchell said .
“ Well , too bad . ”
tom.fowler@chron.com
State lawmakers will soon face large budget deficits again , perhaps as much as $ 100 billion across the U.S.
Here 's some free budget - balancing advice : Steer clear of the Michigan model .
The Wolverine state is once again set to run out of money , and it is once again poised to raise taxes even as jobs and businesses disappear .
In 2007 Governor Jennifer Granholm signed the biggest tax increase in Michigan history , with most of the $ 1.4 billion coming from business .
The personal income tax — which hits nonincorporated small businesses — was ...
Donald Miralle / Getty Images
The latest rumor coming out of Washington DC is that the MWC has invited Boise State , Fresno State , and Nevada to join the nine team MWC .
I will reiterate : it 's just a rumor .
But given the growing number of rumblings , and the pragmatism surrounding this concept , it seems to have legs .
At least at face value .
The only reason the MWC would ever expand is if they were somehow guaranteed an automatic seat at the BCS table .
So if there is any truth to this rumor , it is fair to assume that there is some degree of cooperation from the BCS .
At a cursory glance , this makes perfect sense .
A beefed up MWC with four football powerhouses ( all of whom have reached a top five ranking within the last 12 months ) , a 3 - 0 BCS Bowl record and now a conference championship game , would more than qualify the MWC 12 as a legit BCS conference .
So the practicality of it alone lends credence to the idea .
Plus , a careful evaluation of the players involved might imply something may be in the works .
ESPN itself , the network who covers the BCS Bowl games and who dominates college football coverage , has shown a highly uncharacteristic interest in the MWC of late .
In fact , this week Kirk Herbstreit , Lee Corso , and College GameDay will be headed to Fort Worth to cover Utah - TCU on Saturday .
This is now the third College Game Day visit to a MWC school in the last five weeks .
Congress itself has seemed relatively quiet of late despite the fact that TCU can arguably boast an undefeated record with a tougher SOS and a stronger resume than No. 3 Texas at this point .
Especially if the Frogs top Utah on Saturday .
Validity to the Speculation : Why it Makes Sense
I 've heard from fairly reliable resources that the MWC was planning to announce the addition of Boise State after the season .
Last year at this time , the folks from Boise State were particularly vocal about gaining MWC admission .
That talk has been hard to find of late , which leads to the conclusion that they 've been adopted into the fold .
Utah AD Chris Hill , a very well - connected and widely respected ( he hired Rick Majerus , Urban Meyer , and Kyle Whittingham ) figure in the MWC has been atypically open about his willingness to take the Broncos in .
It 's not a common thing for an AD to come out and say that .
The Broncos would be bringing a lot to the table .
Their brand recognition and reputation alone will help further the MWC cause .
Nevada and Fresno State would seem an upgrade to the middle tier .
While Boise has historically been weak in other athletic departments , Nevada and Fresno State seem much more established in the other venues .
Fresno State is fresh off its 2008 College World Series National Championship .
Nevada was the WAC basketball regular season champion from 2004 through 2008 , reaching a top 10 ranking in 2007 and finishing the season with a 28 - 4 record .
The MWC would also be gaining decently sized Reno , Boise , and Fresno markets .
Markets that expand MWC coverage but also boast some of the faster growing areas in the country .
The league would likely be divided geographically .
My guess is they 'd go from West to East .
With San Diego State , Fresno State , Nevada , UNLV , Boise State , and Wyoming making up the western component .
And Utah , BYU , Colorado State , TCU , Air Force , and New Mexico shoring up the East .
This way , teams would have logical travel partners and natural rivalries ( with a few exceptions ) .
The East would seem football heavy while the West would be stronger on the basketball court .
The concept also makes perfect sense from a legal perspective .
The MWC and its famed plight for congressional support would be satisfied .
Senator Hatch can rest easy and focus on resolving other ills of society knowing that his teams would have a much greater shot at a National Championship under this model .
As we speak , this conference alone would boast two top six teams , three top 15 teams , and four ranked teams .
That 's more ranked teams than the SEC .
Twice as many as the Big 12 .
And more combined BCS Bowl victories than the entire ACC since 1998 .
Or the Big Ten since 2004 .
The conference championship at this point would feature the TCU - Utah winner against Boise State .
That 's as compelling , if not more , than any other conference championship outside of Atlanta .
Certainly more exciting and more meaningful than anything seen in the Big 12 Title game since 2003 .
As an MWC fan , I 'd support this without hesitation .
I think the BCS would be reluctantly supportive but take comfort knowing the anti-trust suits would be put to bed .
Granted , it 's all speculation at this point , but if this did all come to fruition , here 's my first guess at the top three winners and the top three losers .
Winners
Boise State : The Broncos are on par to complete their fourth undefeated season and possibly their third without a BCS invite .
This conference allows them to dramatically improve their schedule and actually have their BCS fate determined on the field .
Nevada , Fresno State : A move to a BCS conference would be a huge upgrade to both of these programs .
MWC : Without question , the MWC will enlarge its TV market by expanding into three new coverage areas that also have to be some of the fastest growing markets in the country .
Not to mention the guaranteed BCS paycheck that probably would n't have to be split with the other non-AQ conferences anymore .
Losers
Pac - 10 : The Pac has been crying for national attention as the lone horse out west .
Despite the Pac 's phenomenal season this year , having another BCS conference out west means more competition for recruits , votes , and tv coverage .
It also dims the chance of having another second BCS berth .
( The Pac - 10 has n't had a second berth since 2002 . )
Plus , if USC returns to dominant form , it would be markedly easier for teams like Utah , TCU , and BYU to get to the BCS than for most of the Pac - 10 teams .
Perhaps some western recruits might take note .
Big Ten :
While the Big Ten has shown signs of weakness of late , it has managed to sneak in a second BCS berth year in , year out .
Adding a seventh BCS conference would almost assuredly take that away .
Dan Hawkins : Left a great gig at Boise State to join a BCS conference in Colorado .
Hawkins and the Buffaloes have struggled while the Broncos have n't skipped a beat .
World 's Largest English Language News Service with Over 500 Articles Updated Daily
" The News You Need Today … For The World You ’ll Live In Tomorrow . "
Obama Tells Russian Leader …
… “ US Constitution Dead ”
“ Do you want to know who you are ?
Do n't ask .
Act !
Action will delineate and define you . ”
Thomas Jefferson , Third President of the United States ( April 13 , 1743 – July 4 , 1826 )
One of the saddest Kremlin reports we ’ve ever read stated that during President Obama ’s meeting with President Medvedev at the Asia - Pacific summit of APEC Nations in Singapore , the American leader when asked his thoughts on Prime Minister Putin ’s warning that the United States should cease its march towards socialism replied , “ It does n’t matter since for all intent and purposes the US Constitution is dead ” .
In his speech to the World Economic Forum in Davos , Switzerland , this past winter Putin had warned Obama of the dangers of socialism by saying , “ In the 20th century , the Soviet Union made the state ’s role absolute , in the long run , this made the Soviet economy totally uncompetitive .
This lesson cost us dearly .
I am sure nobody wants to see it repeated . ”
Putin further cautioned Obama against using military Keynesianism to lift its economy out of recession , saying , “ In the longer run , militarization wo n’t solve the problem but will rather quell it temporarily .
What it will do is squeeze huge financial and other resources from the economy instead of finding better and wiser uses for them . ”
Unfortunately for the American people , Obama has not only failed to heed Putin ’s warning , he has embarked upon an unprecedented mission since taking office of subverting the United States , and its people , by literally bowing down before the leaders of a Globalist elite intent upon the destruction of our present World so as to remake it in an image more befitting the ancient era of omnipotent Kings who ruled over their subjects with iron fists and tolerated no dissent whatsoever .
In Obama ’s bowing down before the brutal Saudi Arabian King with the “ beaming ” Jewish French President Nicolas Sarkozy looking on [ photo top left ] , to be followed this past week by his bowing down before the Japanese Emperor [ photo top right ] whose people consider him to be a “ god ” , the American people have been given the clearest example possible that the World they once knew is totally gone .
And to this “ New World ” these American people are entering they have n’t the slightest clue about the horrors they are about to face , a fact made more cruel because of their propaganda media organs all being a part of the greater plot to see these once great people , and their Nation , completely destroyed and sacrificed upon the alter for an elite class of rulers who include the CEO of the Goldman Sachs banking giant Goldman Sachs ( who have engineered every major market manipulation since the Great Depression - and are about to do it again ) who this past week in London said , and I quote exactly , that they are “ doing God 's work ” by their making hundreds of billions in profits off the backs of the American people who are losing their jobs and homes by the tens - of - millions .
For those American people believing that Obama is going to protect them against monsters such as this they should think again too , because the fact that he , Obama , is President of the United States at all is due to his being placed in power over them by Goldman Sachs in the first place , who by all accounts “ own Obama , lock , stock and barrel . ”
So , if the American people are no longer being protected or told the truth by either their leaders or their propaganda news media , who is this battle being left to ?
Simple , those of us who have dared to stand up against this tyranny of lies and destruction and SHOUT as loud as we can of the dangers coming so that they can protect themselves .
But we ca n’t do this without you , and whether you realize it or not , you need us now more than you have ever needed us before .
Unfortunately for us , and those like us , this is an expensive battle and those we are opposed to are relentlessly ruthless is silencing us and keeping you from knowing the truth about what is happening now , what has happened in the past , and what is going to happen in the future .
Only you can decide what you are going to be told , to whom you are going to listen to …. is n’t it time that you stopped listening to lies ?
If so , than ACT to protect those few of us left still willing and able to tell the truth before you no longer have any choices left .
Without your support we cannot survive into next week , let alone next month , please do n’t let this happen because when you turn away from us you are turning your back on the truth .
If every one of you reading these words gave just $ 50.00 we would be able to survive for an entire year .
But because so few of you do we have to continually ask for your support .
And when you will finally wake up to the reality that you are a combatant in a real life and death war , and your enemy is your own government and press , you had better hope that we , and other like us , are still around otherwise you ’ll be totally uninformed and unprotected .
Just like the people in Ukraine , who without our reports , and others using our reports to further inform these people , would have no idea about what is happening to them .
And make no mistake about this , what is happening in the Ukraine IS GOING TO HAPPEN TO YOU , the only question you have to answer is how much you trust your own government and press to warn you ahead of time ?
The time for fun and games is OVER … WAKE UP , START ACTING LIKE YOUR LIFE DEPENDS ON WHAT YOU DO…IT DOES !
( Please note that those who respond to this appeal , in any amount , with receive , at no charge , Sorcha Faal ’s November , 2009 / Decemberr , 2009 lecture series to the Sisters of the Order titled “ Total War : the Collapse of the United States and the Rise of Chaos : Part 11 ” .
This is another one of Sorcha Faal ’s most important lectures dealing with the coming timelines of war , famine , catastrophic Earth changes and disease as predicted by ancient prophecies . )
Continue To Main News Page
Exclusive to STR
It is amusing to listen to our rulers arguing for , or against , the administration 's ' health care ' scheme .
( I put health care in quotation marks because the plan has nothing to do with health care , which existed LONG before politicians became involved with it .
It has to do with taxation and regulation , i.e. , government ! )
We are solemnly warned , by the proponents of the plan , that the present system is headed for destruction , and change is urgently needed .
What is not mentioned is that at the inauguration of the present Medicare , we got similar warnings , even though , as a physician newly in practice in 1963 , I was unaware of any health ' crisis , ' and my patients seemed unaware of it as well .
Now it seems that the system designed to protect us from a ' health care crisis ' is itself in crisis , and a new , bigger , system is called for .
Why should we believe that more of a failed system is better ?
Do we treat burns with a blowtorch ?
Opponents of the president 's plan argue that it's too much , with excessive interference by government in medical care .
( It 's not the principle of the thing that 's objectionable , you see , only some niggling details . )
A strategy seems to be evolving : demand a mile , and then settle , with great fanfare -- for the triumph of private enterprise !-- , for a kilometer .
It 's as though a mugger demanded your wallet , and then , overcome with concern for your welfare , allowed you to keep a few bucks -- and expected you to thank him .
Absolutely NEVER proposed is the total abandonment of government involvement with medicine , although that is the obvious path to better , cheaper , health care .
The fact that at least a portion of the populace is against more government meddling with matters medical is encouraging , however .
Can the body politic be awakening ?
Even the most somnolent citizen would be outraged if a group of people -- strangers to him -- came to his door demanding large amounts of money in order to pay for his medical expenses , with certain conditions attached , of course .
' What right do you have to demand that I pay you for services I may not want or need , and to dictate how those services be provided , should I ever need them ? ' he might ask .
It 's a good question , but he never asks it when the demanding strangers proclaim themselves ' government . '
In some remarkable manner , never explained , individuals who have no authority over others at all , gain such power upon being elected , although never by a majority of the people they claim to represent .
They may claim that their authority is via delegation from the people , while doing things which the people could never do , and therefore could not delegate .
Once they decide what we must do , or not do , according to procedures of their own devising , they write their wishes down in a book and call them ' law , ' and enjoin us to treat the ' law ' with great respect and reverence .
These ' laws , ' which we are taught to take very seriously , and obey without question , are justified , at least by those who make them , with the claim that the lawmakers are elected by the people , and therefore do their will .
Since , in a democracy , the majority rules , the whole system is based upon popular consent , via elected representatives .
That 's the theory .
But it 's all hooey .
In the first place , not all of us voted for ' our ' representatives .
Those who accept rule by the elected are certainly free to do so , but what about us , who do n't ?
But even if you voted , your candidate might have lost .
Are you then represented ?
If your candidate won , does he always vote as you would ?
What of the other 533 congressmen ?
Do n't their votes on matters such as Medicare count just as much as your own congressman's ?
The idea of ' representative democracy ' is simply absurd , as is , ultimately , the idea of government itself .
Government is only valid , in my opinion , when prefixed by the word ' self . '
In the past , when most people took the idea of religion seriously , they knew how to behave , and if there was a question of the right path to follow , they looked to the churches for guidance .
Today , the role once played by religion is played by government , except that moral rules do n't apply , but rather , political expediency .
The expression ' power corrupts ' is a perfect explanation of modern government .
The ultimate irony is that our rulers call themselves ' public servants . '
That they can do so with a straight face shows the level of their duplicity , or the extent of their unawareness .
Happily , increasing numbers of the general public are awakening to the absurdity of that designation .
Imagine the servant dictating to the master , and threatening him if he does not obey !
The idea is simply grotesque .
Perhaps even more grotesque is the fate of someone who declines to subject himself to his ' servant . '
He may find himself the defendant in a suit brought by his master , the government , although the government is not a tangible entity , and cannot claim hurt or injury resulting from the sovereign 's ' transgression . '
Nonetheless , a trial may take place , in a courtroom owned and operated by the plaintiff , according to the plaintiff 's rules , with a prosecutor on the plaintiff 's payroll , with jurors receiving benefits from the plaintiff , before an impartial (! ) judge employed by the plaintiff .
But not to worry !
It 's all one hundred percent proper and according to law - - the law having been made by -- the plaintiff .
If any good comes from this ridiculous ' crisis ' involving health care , it will be that more and more citizens are awakening to the true nature of government .
The sheep 's clothing is tattered and torn ; the wolf beneath is becoming increasingly visible .
It 's about time !
ATHENS , Greece ( CNN ) -- Greece 's opposition Socialist party on Sunday defeated the incumbent center - right government of Prime Minister Kostas Karamanlis , as Socialist leader George Papandreou promised to chart a new course for an economic comeback .
Socialist George Papandreou is set to become Greece 's next prime minister .
" On this course , nothing is going to be easy -- it will take work , hard work , " Papandreou said in his victory address .
" And I will always be honest with the Greek people so that we may better solve the problems of the state . "
Sunday 's national elections were held two years before originally scheduled .
Karamanlis called the elections in response to pressure from Papandreou 's Panhellenic Socialist Movement of Greece , which threatened to block the election of a president in February if no general election was held .
The Greek constitution requires the two major parties to agree on the election of a president , giving either party an effective veto .
Karamanlis ' term was not due to expire until September 2011 .
But Papandreou insisted on new elections before the end of President Karolos Papoulias ' term as president .
The country 's ailing economy was the focus in the run up to the elections , as both candidates offered conflicting prescriptions to revive it .
While Karamanlis called for cuts in spending , Papandreou proposed a massive stimulus .
Karamanlis , of the New Democracy party , congratulated Papandreou in a nationally televised concession speech .
" And like every Greek , I hope that he succeeds at the big challenge of facing up to the economic situation , " Karamanlis said .
" Because this challenge , I have said many times , is a national issue . "
Do n't Miss
Greek prime minister calls elections 2 years early
It was unclear whether Karamanlis would step down as New Democracy party leader , as the elections marked the worst defeat the party has seen in more than 20 years .
According to figures posted on the Interior Ministry 's Web site , the Socialist party received 44 percent of the vote , compared wotj New Democracy 's 34 percent , with 87 percent of votes counted .
The margin is the largest seen in a Greek vote in decades .
The Socialist party will receive an estimated 160 seats in Greece 's 300 - seat Parliament , officials said , compared with New Democracy 's 93 seats .
Greek state television ERT showed cheering , flag - waving crowds surrounding Papandreou as he made his way to party headquarters .
" All of the opinion polls are suggesting that Greek voters are becoming more frustrated with ( Karamanlis ' ) governance , more frustrated that after two parliamentary terms some of the objectives which he'd set have not been achieved , " Kevin Featherstone , director of the London School of Economics ' Hellenic Observatory , told CNN .
However , Papandreou 's stimulus plan is also under scrutiny , with critics wanting to know more details , such as how it would be funded .
In addition , problems such as corruption have long plagued the Greek government , Featherstone noted .
" These are systemic problems .
These are problems which have been in Greece for generations .
Over the last 20 years , we 've had a succession of governments coming into power promising to clean up , promising to tackle waste , promising to reform the public administration , promising to be more transparent and clean , " he said .
" By and large , voters have been disappointed or there has been some fair degree of frustration and disappointment . "
" Tackling the problem , these endemic problems , really requires major efforts to reform public administration to tackle corruption and to change the culture of expectations , " he said .
Karamanlis ' conservative New Democracy party suffered a sharp setback in European elections in June , when the Socialists matched New Democracy 's tally of eight seats , with 36 percent of the vote .
That election was seen as a litmus test for Karamanlis at a time of political and economic uncertainty with the economy shrinking and the country staring at a recession after nearly 15 years of high - profile growth .
Nearly 10 million Greeks are registered to vote .
CNN 's Christine Theodorou and Journalist Anthee Carrasava contributed to this report .
All About Greece • Kostas Karamanlis • George Papandreou
It was time for the " Childfree Landslide News . "
Christine Fisher leaned forward and announced this in a soft voice that would sound surprisingly strong when it aired as part of her weekly ( at least on Mars , she says , where weeks are 13 days ) online show , the " Adult Space Child Free Podcast . "
She had just put in a day at the pharmaceutical company where she works and was home in her Newark apartment , shoes off , with her husband flopped on a sofa reading in the next room and her two cats roaming underfoot .
She started the podcast , a medley of commentary , news and personal narrative , to reach an audience outside " diaperland " about a year ago .
Fisher knew as early as third grade that she did not want children .
She had no interest in games that involved playing house or cooing over babies .
In the world of childfree men and women , she is what 's known as an " early articulator . "
Now 32 , she has had her share of friends who became temporarily unavailable or disappeared when they had kids .
Even in the Bay Area , which Fisher finds one of the better places for childfree mingling because of its cultural diversity -- San Francisco has one of the lowest ratios of kids of any U.S. city -- it can be hard for the childfree to connect .
Her listeners are a far - flung demographic , with a few hundred of various ages mostly in the United States , but also scattered as far away as the United Arab Emirates , Norway and Uruguay .
The topics are almost as varied .
On this winter Tuesday , Fisher reviewed medical news ( part of the landslide ) about hospital admissions from unsafe abortions in developing countries and hormone - related skin cancer risk , responded to listener feedback ( someone named Snerdie wanted to know whether strollers are really allowed in casinos ) , listed her New Year 's resolutions , and gave a " shout - out " to a friend who was ill .
Then , in what 's become her signature end to the show , she leaned into the microphone and said , " This is Chris the Fixed Kitty saying , ' Keep from breeding ! ' "
" It 's very difficult to find other childfree people , " said Fisher , who works part time as a quality assurance associate .
" We tend to be a very quiet , closet - type group .
When I mention I 'm not having kids , I get a few specific reactions .
Either someone tells me I will change my mind , which is probably more frequent with the older generation , or they try to persuade me .
Or I get this really strange reaction , which is , ' You are so nice . '
When you realize there is this public perception that you 're cold or not caring , you learn to be quiet about it . "
Childfree organizations have been around for a few decades , but new social groups , books , an online magazine , unscripted : the childfree life , and myriad Web sites ( Childfree by Choice alone links to 20 other resources ) have sprung up in the past few years , their visibility fueled by the Internet but also by changing attitudes .
In the 1950s , there was an assumption that everyone would get married , then have children .
Family life " proceeded in lockstep , " said Stephanie Coontz , a professor at Evergreen State College in Washington and director of research and public education at the Council on Contemporary Families .
As many as 80 percent of people thought that staying single and childless was " deviant or abnormal , " she said .
But in the 1970s , amid turbulent social change , the availability of the birth control pill and public debate about population growth , those assumptions were challenged .
These days , the " vast majority " of people think it is acceptable not to have kids or marry , said Coontz .
" My generation was looking at whether we could have careers and keep our own names , " said Coontz .
" The next generation was not as interested in that and not as defensive .
A lot of these strong feelings are part of the process of sorting out how we deal with this changing world . "
Personally , Coontz takes a " middle - of - the - road approach , " she said .
She has kids but supports the decision of those who choose not to .
The childfree often spend more time caring for aging parents or relatives and also end up , through taxes , supporting the next generation .
" It 's the younger generation that is going to pay for our Social Security and foot some of the bills , " she said .
" We do owe parents who raise kids a debt . "
Even so , the stigma remains .
" We 're seen as threatening institutions , " said Teri Tith , an East Bay woman with a Web site called Purple Women & Friends .
Jennifer L. Shawne , author of the 2005 tongue - in - cheek book " Baby Not on Board , " was inundated with responses from readers -- and people who just heard about it .
Many but not all thanked her , said Shawne , who lives in San Francisco .
To some , a decision not to have kids is tantamount to a stand against religious or American values .
" I did a lot of radio call - in shows where I was called names , " she said .
" One man in Beaumont , Texas , said my husband and I deserved to die alone . "
Several people interviewed for this story wanted to be known by a first name only or not identified at all because they were not , as one woman put it , " out . "
The woman said she was worried about her boyfriend , who is still uncertain about fatherhood .
Would her feelings be a deal - breaker ?
It has happened before .
" There is still a public - policy and religious and cultural stigma , " said Elaine , a Southern California blogger known as AlphaGirl , who is unapologetic about the adversarial tone of her Web site -- Childfree : Uncut .
Unedited .
Uncensored -- but did n't want to use her last name .
" For some reason when someone comes forward and says , ' I want to have kids , ' no one comes forward and says , ' You will change your mind . '
But when I was younger and said kids were n't on the docket , people felt free to question the decision . "
Some statistics suggest more women now are childless by choice , but it's hard to come up with a firm estimate because women , on average , are having children older , and demographers do n't usually ask why they do n't have them .
The National Center for Health Statistics confirms that 6.6 percent of women between the ages of 15 and 44 called themselves voluntarily childless in 1995 , up from 2.4 percent in 1982 .
And according to 1998 U.S. Census Bureau statistics , 19 percent of women 40 to 44 were childless , compared with 10 percent in that age group in 1976 .
As a group , the childfree are no more homogenous than parents .
They include gay and lesbian and single men and women who all , these days , face the same kind of question :
Why do n't you want kids ?
Some grappled with infertility , then embraced the childfree life .
Others never had the urge to procreate , grew out of it or decided against kids because of a mate who did n't want them .
And there are those who say they just can't afford it , especially in San Francisco .
" For us , it 's well thought out , " said Teresa Marchese , a fitness trainer , whose husband , Jay Mercado , is an artist .
" It 's the whole financial aspect .
Neither of us has the option of quitting work .
We rent and we have a fluctuating income .
The people I know who are having kids , they 're moving back to Oklahoma .
We do n't want to leave the city . "
In one survey of childfree couples , most ranked independence , marital satisfaction and the lack of desire to have kids as top reasons not to have them .
To them , the decision was not a " lifestyle " choice , said Laura Scott , a Virginia writer who 's surveyed more than 170 childfree couples about their decision for a project on the subject .
Being able to travel or sleep late were benefits , not motivations , for most , she said .
Attitudes about kids also vary .
There are childfree people who are annoyed by what they see as a kidcentric society , where they are constantly forced to listen to people talk about their children 's schools , precious achievements or poop .
They resent employee benefits that are offered only to parents , or what they see as the burden of doing more than their share of work while people with kids rush off to pick them up .
" Work - family benefits ? " writes AlphaGirl .
" Yeah , right .
Lactation rooms in the workplace ?
Oh , please . "
She once confronted the human resources department at the large bank where she worked to demand the same flexibility given her co-workers who were parents .
The bank did n't make a policy change , and Elaine said she is disappointed in the lack of progress toward treating all employees equally .
" I do n't think one group should come before any other , " she said .
Many childfree people want to spend time around children , the kind who can be handed back .
They just want to find a social universe that does n't revolve around children .
" We 're getting harder to ignore , " said Tith .
" We 're controversial whether we mean to be or not . "
Even the term childfree can be contentious .
There are people who prefer a hyphenated child - free or childless , names that , to others , imply that something is missing .
Tith joined No Kidding ! , a social club founded by a Toronto teacher in 1984 , after moving from the Bay Area to Canada because of her husband 's job .
Through No Kidding !
she joined a poker group , worked on the organization 's annual convention and made friends who did n't have kids .
When she returned to live in a rural East Bay town , she co-founded the San Francisco Bay Area Childfree Meetup , a group that gets together for dinner and winetasting , and started her blog , where she posts her own comments and links to other childfree bloggers -- even some who are not , including a Silicon Valley moms group , that also links to her .
( " They found my blog to be an even and reasonable voice , and I was terribly flattered , " she says of the moms group ) .
" Some of us do hate kids , but that makes me uncomfortable because I do n't , " she said .
Tith came to her childfree decision by circumstance , after a medical condition made it clear she could n't conceive .
Married at 22 , she and her husband split up , partly , she said , because of the strain of fertility issues .
" To me , I would always be one half of an infertile couple , " she said .
Nine years ago she remarried .
Her husband , who thinks that the world is crowded enough , did not want kids .
" I assumed I would want kids , " she said .
" I had to accept that I could n't and I made a choice to .
But every woman 's story is different .
You hear all different ones . "
Lingba , a Potrero Hill lounge , is crowded and noisy on a winter night when the members of the newly formed San Francisco Childfree Meetup find one another at a corner table .
There are about a dozen this time , more than at the previous month 's inaugural event .
There are several couples , two married women who came without their husbands and many single people .
Most are from San Francisco , but a few live other places , including Novato , where , one woman said , " Yuppies go to breed . "
" When I said I was happily childfree I might as well have said I was a serial killer , " she said .
" I just never realized I did want kids , " said Valerie Francescato , the group 's founder , who works for a furniture manufacturer .
What stops the rude questions , she said , is to say she can't have kids .
" I had a hysterectomy , but that 's not related to why I do n't want kids , " said another woman , who is from Australia , where she felt as if being childfree was n't such an issue .
After moving to the Bay Area , she said , she finds it hard to socialize with people in her apartment building because they all have kids and they leave her and her husband out of their social plans .
" I said we'd have to rent a couple of kids , " she said .
" Then I ran across this group and said , ' Thank God . ' "
An Iranian American woman who is a financial analyst said she 'd been asked if she did n't want kids because she 'd been abused or neglected .
" They assume something is wrong with me , " she said .
" I 'm 35 .
I wo n't change my mind .
I hang out with a lot of Europeans who are a lot more accepting of it .
Why do I have to explain myself ?
It happens so much I 'm angry . "
" Your best friends disappear .
They fall off the end of the earth when they have kids , " said Rick , a scientist whose best friend moved to Palo Alto to be closer to work , then became unavailable .
Rick said he 's " child neutral " but is leaning toward not wanting them .
" I would have to be crazy about someone , then it would have to be financially right . "
His decision has prompted colleagues to assume he 's gay , since he lives in San Francisco and is n't coupled up , with kids .
" Whatever , " he said .
" Some people are so narrow - minded . "
Men face many of the same stereotypes that women do , he said .
People think it 's a selfish decision or that there is something wrong with him .
" Do you notice kids in strollers ? " asked Rick , as Meetup members sipped their drinks .
" I do n't , " said the financial analyst .
" I 'll stop and pet a dog , but I wo n't stop and say , ' That 's so cute , ' to a baby , " said Rick .
" I just like peace and quiet , " said the analyst .
" I can't imagine waking up four or five times a night , " Rick said .
" Friends ask me , ' How 's your fabulous life ? ' said the analyst .
" And I say , ' Fabulous ! ' "
Most of the talk was not about children , or a lack of them , but about hobbies and recent trips and interests .
Like people on a first or second date , the childfree were trying to figure out where and if their lives intersected .
Chris Fisher first got involved in the childfree world as a college student in Toledo , Ohio , by joining a mailing list .
She was too busy in graduate school -- a stint in medical school before finding her way to a graduate program in biology -- to look for other childfree people .
But she was settled enough in her decision by her mid-20s to undergo a tubal ligation .
" I need to do an episode about that saga , " she said , in a phone interview during her commute home from work , a time she uses to record her thoughts on an MP3 or return calls .
" I was 25 and had known I was going to have my tubes tied eventually . "
The time was right because she had health insurance and was about to move .
The problem :
Her doctor was hesitant because of her age and childless status .
" I could have gotten a handgun faster , " she said .
Eventually the doctor was " worn down , " she said , but only after he saw in her medical records that she 'd been stating her intention not to have kids for years .
She had to sign a consent form and wait for 30 days to undergo the procedure , guidelines that exist in many states .
" I 'm set , " she said .
" I got a doctor to agree to do this , but it 's difficult for women across the country . "
She met her husband at a fencing club .
She mentioned she did n't want to be a mother , but was looking forward to being an aunt .
" He said he wanted to be an uncle , " she said .
" That was very interesting , in my eyes . "
Her parents have accepted the couple 's decision not to have kids , although they initially thought their only child would change her mind , Fisher said .
" They have to settle for grand - kitties , " she said .
She and her husband moved from the Midwest to the Bay Area in 2005 for work .
He is a physicist in Silicon Valley .
" It 's hard to express how different this place is , " she said .
" There is an understanding here that there are many things people devote their lives to .
...
It 's not the mommies and the non-mommies .
We all live in the same world .
There is a lot more we have in common than we do n't have in common . "
Fisher recently scaled back to part - time work so she'd have more time for other pursuits -- photography , writing , podcasting , reading ( especially science fiction and horror ) and spending time with her husband , who arrived home one Tuesday as she was podcasting and sat in the next room reading .
He sometimes makes sound effects , but leaves the content to her .
It was while talking to him one day that she came up with the nickname Fixed Kitty .
" We were talking about some comment and I said , ' That 's why I 'm not a parent .
I 'm fixed .
I 'm a fixed kitty . ' "
" This is where I get to look like Carrie Fisher instead of Chris Fisher , " she said , as she put on her headphones , which did make her look a little like the " Star Wars " actress , if you ignored the long pony tail hanging down her back .
At various times she had to fend off a cat , which wanted to jump on her lap , then went to sit in an empty box left out for his benefit .
She talked about her New Year 's resolution to come up with a better response to people who do n't understand her decision .
Why is it people feel they can ask if she has kids ?
Would they come up and ask if she were gay ?
" When someone asks why you do n't have kids , it gets very personal , " she said .
" They need to rethink the assumption that there is something wrong if you do n't . "
Minnesota Law Firm
Minnesota Employment Law Firm
The Minnesota law firm of Neff Law Firm , P.A. , has a highly experienced Minnesota employment attorney and litigator in the Minneapolis / St. Paul area , who provides skillful legal help with wrongful termination , unfair employer treatment , hostile work environment , bullying , discrimination , sexual harassment , unfair employment practices , whistleblowing , breach of contract , severance packages , legal help for doctors and medical providers and other employee rights issues throughout Minnesota .
Minnesota Employee Rights Law Firm
A Minnesota employment lawyer from Neff Law Firm , P.A. , has provided experienced employment legal help to employees and employers in Minneapolis , St. Paul , and elsewhere facing employment contract disputes , whistleblowing issues , employment retaliation , wrongful termination of employment , Qui Tam claims ( Federal False Claims Act ) , employment manual matters , bullying , severance packages , human rights issues , hostile work environment , job penalties , violations of Minnesota employee rights , demotions , employment related sexual harassment , unequal pay , non-compete agreements , glass ceiling issues , wage law violations , FMLA ( Family and Medical Leave Act ) , ADA ( Americans with Disabilities Act ) , age discrimination , and illegal employment discrimination for over 30 years .
As a top employment law firm in Minnsota , Neff Law Firm , P.A , offers comprehensive legal help for both Minnesota employees and employers who face issues involving safety violations , breach of contract , employee manual or employee handbook issues , wrongful termination , sex harassment , bullying , discrimination , unfair employment practices , unequal pay , glass ceiling , fraudulent practices , hostile work environment , and discrimination .
As expected of one of the best employment lawyers in Minneapolis , there is legal help solving Minnesota employment problems both in and out of the courtroom .
Neff Law Firm P.A. , employment attorneys in St. Paul and Minneapolis , have guided both employees and employers in Minnesota facing legal claims and challenges .
These top employment lawyers in Minnesota have helped with illegal firing , whistleblower claims , retaliation , OSHA violations , discrimination , bullying , harassment , hostile work environment , and other employment issues .
The firm 's employment attorneys in Minnesota have been chosen by consumers who wanted a knowledgeable and experienced employment attorney in the twin cities of Minnesota .
Minneapolis Legal Help for Employment Disputes & other Legal Problems
Neff Law Firm , P.A. , can provide assistance with a wide range of legal problems such as employment law , civil litigation , criminal defense , business litigation , complex litigation , defense of an occupational and / or professional license as well as other types of legal matters and related legal help .
The > wrongful termination lawyers in MN provided by Neff Law Firm , P.A. , have been successful helping victims of employment discrimination , hostile work environment , retaliation and harassment .
The Minneapolis employment lawyers from the firm have helped employees receive fair treatment and just compensation .
A Minneapolis employment lawyer can help protect employee rights .
Minnesota employees , business owners , and consumers can consult with an experienced Minnesota attorney who can provide comprehensive legal representation to clients in the Twin Cities and greater Minnesota .
Complex Litigation Law Firm
Neff Law Firm , P.A. , has handled highly complex litigation in various state and federal jurisdictions .
For over thirty years a Minneapolis employment lawyer from the firm has helped protect employee rights .
Some of the complicated legal matters in which Minnesota attorney Fred Neff has been involved in providing legal help were plaintiffs ' anti-trust , employment contract disputes , fraud claims , Federal multi-district litigation , wrongful death , employment litigation and discrimination litigation on behalf of individuals and large groups of claimants .
Neff Law Firm , P.A. , has rendered legal help to the injured and protected the legal rights of many people subjected to discrimination in and out of the workplace in the twin cities of Minneapolis and St Paul , and elsewhere .
It has provided legal help to people who have had state discrimination claims and federal discrimination claims in the twin cities of Minneapolis and St. Paul as well as elsewhere .
Minnesota Business Attorney
The experienced Minnesota business lawyer at Neff Law Firm , P.A.'s , twin cities law office in Edina , Minnesota has for many years helped businesses with their legal problems such as : contract disputes , employee claims , fraud claims , litigation , legal problems with creditors and debt relief .
An employment lawyer in Minnesota from the firm has successfully dealt with various business related employment issues such as employment contracts , breach of contract , creation of employee manuals or handbooks , safety issues at the workplace .
Employment lawyers in Minnesota from the firm have been successful in helping both Minnesota employees and employers handle simple as well as complicated lawsuits .
Since 1986 Minneapolis employment lawyers from the firm have halped Minnesota employers with employee concerns and claims .
Neff Law Firm , P.A. , has been a trusted member of the Twin Cities community since 1986 , and has provided legal assistance to many generations of Minnesota families and businesses .
This is a testament to the law firm 's ability to satisfy its clients ' varied legal needs .
A Minnesota lawyer from Neff Law Firm , P.A. , confidently guides clients through complex legal issues , legal problem solving , and litigation when necessary .
A Minnesota attorney will meet personally with a client to understand his or her legal goals and then work together with them to develop an effective legal strategy to ensure those goals are met .
In certain circumstances , Minnesota attorneys associated with Neff Law Firm , P.A. , will represent clients with attorneys licensed to practice in other states .
In such situations , your Neff Law Firm , P.A. , Minnesota lawyer will retain a primary role in the handling of your case .
Contact a Minnesota lawyer at Neff Law Firm , P.A. , in the Minneapolis - St. Paul , Minnesota area to schedule an initial consultation .
Flexible appointment times are available .
Medical recruiters say a 12 - month delay in introducing a new accreditation program for overseas doctors has left hundreds of rural communities without a GP .
The new , streamlined recruitment program for general practitioners was supposed to be introduced in July last year but it still has not been approved by medical regulators .
The Rural Doctors Association says right now there is a shortfall of 1,800 doctors across regional Australia .
But medical recruiters say even when qualified doctors from overseas want to work here , they are being held up by a bureaucratic delay .
The chief executive of Health Workforce Queensland , Chris Mitchell , says the situation is discouraging doctors from coming to Australia .
" The frustration levels are significant to the point where we have heard a number of practitioners have said , ' I 'm just not coming .
I'm a senior general practitioner and you 're asking me to go through too many hoops ' , " Mr Mitchell said .
" One ponders why those bureaucratic barriers are being in place at a time when we are crying out for more doctors in the bush . "
Mr Mitchell says state and federal health ministers agreed on a new specialist pathway program specifically for GPs that was supposed to streamline the entry of overseas doctors .
This was due to be introduced in July last year .
" The new arrangements were announced under the COAG agreement and then the Royal College of General Practitioners has had time to prepare a pathway , develop the program and then the Australian Medical Council has to , as I understand , accredit the program , " he said .
" And I do understand a pathway has been put up [ but ] it has not yet been approved .
But if there is a blockage it needs to be sorted out it , and this has gone on for far too long now . "
Mr Mitchell says the numbers vary between states but the process has stopped at least a dozen doctors from working in rural Queensland .
" We would have been able to attract another 12 to 15 general practitioners during this time - that 's 12 communities that either do n't have a doctor or the current doctors are overworked because they are still waiting for their vacancy to be filled , " he said .
" And we need every assistance we can to support these rural communities . "
' Jobs protection '
The president of the Australian Doctors Trained Overseas Association , Andrew Schwartz , believes the delay is due to Australian medical unions wanting to protect their jobs .
" They are susceptible to the pressures put on by the medical profession , " he said .
" It is the strongest union in Australia and they are extremely active and efficient at protecting their turf and they are particularly interested in preventing large numbers of doctors coming into Australia and entering the private market . "
A spokeswoman from the Australian Medical Council says it has been waiting on paperwork from the Royal Australian College of General Practitioners ( RACGP ) .
The vice - president of the RACGP , Dr Morton Rawlin , says the proposal has been ready for nine months , but the delay has been getting approval from each state medical board .
" We have had difficulties getting formal agreement through the various jurisdictions , the various state boards that are required to in fact sign off and register these doctors , " he said .
Dr Rawlin says he understands the final documentation has now been signed off by the Australian Medical Council and expects the new accreditation system to be operating by the beginning of October .
On August 5th , officials at the Central Intelligence Agency , in Langley , Virginia , watched a live video feed relaying closeup footage of one of the most wanted terrorists in Pakistan .
Baitullah Mehsud , the leader of the Taliban in Pakistan , could be seen reclining on the rooftop of his father - in - law ’s house , in Zanghara , a hamlet in South Waziristan .
It was a hot summer night , and he was joined outside by his wife and his uncle , a medic ; at one point , the remarkably crisp images showed that Mehsud , who suffered from diabetes and a kidney ailment , was receiving an intravenous drip .
The video was being captured by the infrared camera of a Predator drone , a remotely controlled , unmanned plane that had been hovering , undetected , two miles or so above the house .
Pakistan ’s Interior Minister , A. Rehman Malik , told me recently that Mehsud was resting on his back .
Malik , using his hands to make a picture frame , explained that the Predator ’s targeters could see Mehsud ’s entire body , not just the top of his head .
“ It was a perfect picture , ” Malik , who watched the videotape later , said .
“ We used to see James Bond movies where he talked into his shoe or his watch .
We thought it was a fairy tale .
But this was fact ! ”
The image remained just as stable when the C.I.A. remotely launched two Hellfire missiles from the Predator .
Authorities watched the fiery blast in real time .
After the dust cloud dissipated , all that remained of Mehsud was a detached torso .
Eleven others died : his wife , his father - in - law , his mother - in - law , a lieutenant , and seven bodyguards .
Pakistan ’s government considered Mehsud its top enemy , holding him responsible for the vast majority of recent terrorist attacks inside the country , including the assassination of former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto , in December , 2007 , and the bombing , last September , of the Marriott Hotel in Islamabad , which killed more than fifty people .
Mehsud was also thought to have helped his Afghan confederates attack American and coalition troops across the border .
Roger Cressey , a former counterterrorism official on the National Security Council , who is now a partner at Good Harbor , a consulting firm , told me , “ Mehsud was someone both we and Pakistan were happy to see go up in smoke . ”
Indeed , there was no controversy when , a few days after the missile strike , CNN reported that President Barack Obama had authorized it .
However , at about the same time , there was widespread anger after the Wall Street Journal revealed that during the Bush Administration the C.I.A. had considered setting up hit squads to capture or kill Al Qaeda operatives around the world .
The furor grew when the Times reported that the C.I.A. had turned to a private contractor to help with this highly sensitive operation : the controversial firm Blackwater , now known as Xe Services .
Members of the Senate and House intelligence committees demanded investigations of the program , which , they said , had been hidden from them .
And many legal experts argued that , had the program become fully operational , it would have violated a 1976 executive order , signed by President Gerald R. Ford , banning American intelligence forces from engaging in assassination .
Hina Shamsi , a human - rights lawyer at the New York University School of Law , was struck by the inconsistency of the public ’s responses .
“ We got so upset about a targeted - killing program that did n’t happen , ” she told me .
“ But the drone program exists . ” She said of the Predator program , “ These are targeted international killings by the state . ”
The program , as it happens , also uses private contractors for a variety of tasks , including flying the drones .
Employees of Xe Services maintain and load the Hellfire missiles on the aircraft .
Vicki Divoll , a former C.I.A. lawyer , who now teaches at the U.S. Naval Academy , in Annapolis , observed , “ People are a lot more comfortable with a Predator strike that kills many people than with a throat - slitting that kills one . ”
But , she added , “ mechanized killing is still killing . ”
The U.S. government runs two drone programs .
The military ’s version , which is publicly acknowledged , operates in the recognized war zones of Afghanistan and Iraq , and targets enemies of U.S. troops stationed there .
As such , it is an extension of conventional warfare .
The C.I.A. ’s program is aimed at terror suspects around the world , including in countries where U.S. troops are not based .
It was initiated by the Bush Administration and , according to Juan Zarate , a counterterrorism adviser in the Bush White House , Obama has left in place virtually all the key personnel .
The program is classified as covert , and the intelligence agency declines to provide any information to the public about where it operates , how it selects targets , who is in charge , or how many people have been killed .
Nevertheless , reports of fatal air strikes in Pakistan emerge every few days .
Such stories are often secondhand and difficult to confirm , as the Pakistani government and the military have tried to wall off the tribal areas from journalists .
But , even if a precise account is elusive , the outlines are clear : the C.I.A. has joined the Pakistani intelligence service in an aggressive campaign to eradicate local and foreign militants , who have taken refuge in some of the most inaccessible parts of the country .
The first two C.I.A. air strikes of the Obama Administration took place on the morning of January 23rd — the President ’s third day in office .
Within hours , it was clear that the morning ’s bombings , in Pakistan , had killed an estimated twenty people .
In one strike , four Arabs , all likely affiliated with Al Qaeda , died .
But in the second strike a drone targeted the wrong house , hitting the residence of a pro-government tribal leader six miles outside the town of Wana , in South Waziristan .
The blast killed the tribal leader ’s entire family , including three children , one of them five years old .
In keeping with U.S. policy , there was no official acknowledgment of either strike .
Since then , the C.I.A. bombardments have continued at a rapid pace .
According to a just completed study by the New America Foundation , the number of drone strikes has risen dramatically since Obama became President .
During his first nine and a half months in office , he has authorized as many C.I.A. aerial attacks in Pakistan as George W. Bush did in his final three years in office .
The study ’s authors , Peter Bergen and Katherine Tiedemann , report that the Obama Administration has sanctioned at least forty - one C.I.A. missile strikes in Pakistan since taking office — a rate of approximately one bombing a week .
So far this year , various estimates suggest , the C.I.A. attacks have killed between three hundred and twenty - six and five hundred and thirty - eight people .
Critics say that many of the victims have been innocent bystanders , including children .
In the last week of September alone , there were reportedly four such attacks — three of them in one twenty - four - hour period .
At any given moment , a former White House counterterrorism official says , the C.I.A. has multiple drones flying over Pakistan , scouting for targets .
According to the official , “ there are so many drones ” in the air that arguments have erupted over which remote operators can claim which targets , provoking “ command - and - control issues . ”
General Atomics Aeronautical Systems , the defense contractor that manufactures the Predator and its more heavily armed sibling , the Reaper , can barely keep up with the government ’s demand .
The Air Force ’s fleet has grown from some fifty drones in 2001 to nearly two hundred ; the C.I.A. will not divulge how many drones it operates .
The government plans to commission hundreds more , including new generations of tiny “ nano ” drones , which can fly after their prey like a killer bee through an open window .
With public disenchantment mounting over the U.S. troop deployment in Afghanistan , and the Obama Administration divided over whether to escalate the American military presence there , many in Washington support an even greater reliance on Predator strikes .
In this view , the U.S. , rather than trying to stabilize Afghanistan by waging a counter - insurgency operation against Taliban forces , should focus purely on counterterrorism , and use the latest technology to surgically eliminate Al Qaeda leaders and their allies .
In September , the conservative pundit George Will published an influential column in the Washington Post , “ Time to Get Out of Afghanistan , ” arguing that “ America should do only what can be done from offshore , using intelligence , drones , cruise missiles , air strikes and small , potent Special Forces units , concentrating on the porous 1,500 - mile border with Pakistan , a nation that actually matters . ”
Vice - President Joseph Biden reportedly holds a similar view .
It ’s easy to understand the appeal of a “ push - button ” approach to fighting Al Qaeda , but the embrace of the Predator program has occurred with remarkably little public discussion , given that it represents a radically new and geographically unbounded use of state - sanctioned lethal force .
And , because of the C.I.A. program ’s secrecy , there is no visible system of accountability in place , despite the fact that the agency has killed many civilians inside a politically fragile , nuclear - armed country with which the U.S. is not at war .
Should something go wrong in the C.I.A. ’s program — last month , the Air Force lost control of a drone and had to shoot it down over Afghanistan — it ’s unclear what the consequences would be .
“ He works and plays well with others . ” Facebook
Twitter
Email
Shopping
The Predators in the C.I.A. program are “ flown ” by civilians , both intelligence officers and private contractors .
According to a former counterterrorism official , the contractors are “ seasoned professionals — often retired military and intelligence officials . ”
( The intelligence agency outsources a significant portion of its work . )
Within the C.I.A. , control of the unmanned vehicles is split among several teams .
One set of pilots and operators works abroad , near hidden airfields in Afghanistan and Pakistan , handling takeoffs and landings .
Once the drones are aloft , the former counterterrorism official said , the controls are electronically “ slewed over ” to a set of “ reachback operators , ” in Langley .
Using joysticks that resemble video - game controls , the reachback operators — who do n’t need conventional flight training — sit next to intelligence officers and watch , on large flat - screen monitors , a live video feed from the drone ’s camera .
From their suburban redoubt , they can turn the plane , zoom in on the landscape below , and decide whether to lock onto a target .
A stream of additional “ signal ” intelligence , sent to Langley by the National Security Agency , * provides electronic means of corroborating that a target has been correctly identified .
The White House has delegated trigger authority to C.I.A. officials , including the head of the Counter - Terrorist Center , whose identity remains veiled from the public because the agency has placed him under cover .
People who have seen an air strike live on a monitor described it as both awe - inspiring and horrifying .
“ You could see these little figures scurrying , and the explosion going off , and when the smoke cleared there was just rubble and charred stuff , ” a former C.I.A. officer who was based in Afghanistan after September 11th says of one attack .
( He watched the carnage on a small monitor in the field . )
Human beings running for cover are such a common sight that they have inspired a slang term : “ squirters . ”
Peter W. Singer , the author of “ Wired for War , ” a recent book about the robotics revolution in modern combat , argues that the drone technology is worryingly “ seductive , ” because it creates the perception that war can be “ costless . ”
Cut off from the realities of the bombings in Pakistan , Americans have been insulated from the human toll , as well as from the political and the moral consequences .
Nearly all the victims have remained faceless , and the damage caused by the bombings has remained unseen .
In contrast to Gaza , where the targeted killing of Hamas fighters by the Israeli military has been extensively documented — making clear that the collateral damage , and the loss of civilian life , can be severe — Pakistan ’s tribal areas have become largely forbidden territory for media organizations .
As a result , no videos of a drone attack in progress have been released , and only a few photographs of the immediate aftermath of a Predator strike have been published .
So you want to do pull - ups ?
Well , improbable things happen all the time , even in the most orderly of universes .
Here 's what to do : find a bar just above your outstretched fingertips .
Reach up and grab it , palms facing away from you .
Now , without pushing off the ground , pull your body up until your chin is over the bar , without kicking , swinging , or bicycling your legs .
What 's with the writhing ?
Having some trouble ?
Do you even have a clue what you 're trying to do ?
Visually , yes , you are pulling your chin over a ridiculously placed bar — or at least attempting to .
But conceptually , intellectually , anatomically , physiologically and even geometrically , you are trying to do something slightly different .
Nerds , read onward .
This is for you .
Conceptually
Conceptually , you are weightlifting .
You are lifting a weight — your weight — with outstretched arms .
How much do you weigh ?
Can you bench press that amount ?
Could you even lift that much weight with a wheelbarrow ?
So what put it into your head that you could lift it from a dead hang ?
But do n't worry — do n't lose hope .
There 's no reason you should n't soon be able to lift your weight without a wheelbarrow .
You can hasten that glorious moment by following the glaringly obvious logical conclusion of the above revelation :
Tip 1 : The less you weigh , the easier your pull - ups will be .
Shed extraneous weight .
Intellectually
Intellectually , a long and arduous journey lies ahead of you .
If you are female , add a hyperbolic qualifier to that sentence .
Pull - ups are not for the faint of heart .
Pull - ups are the perfect exercise for those who believe in mind over matter .
Your mind wants to overcome gravity , while your matter is attracted to the ground by a force proportional to your mass .
But after all , life is about facing and overcoming adversity .
Here is adversity identified in black and white ( or silvery ) terms : a bar to rise above .
It will be rough - going ; there will be pain , frustration and time lost that you could have spent reading the encyclopedia .
Nevertheless , make up your mind to persevere and succeed .
Self - doubt is inevitable .
Those that cave in become accountants .
Those that do n't can conquer the world ( or at least can do pull - ups ) .
Tip 2 : Make up your mind to succeed .
Then do it .
Brainy By - products
While on the subject of the mind , pull - ups could help you develop yours .
In the strange but true department , a whole series of studies have shown that exercise keeps the brain healthy and even helps it develop .
Elderly people who exercise stave off the onset of Alzheimer 's disease while younger people actually grow new brain cells .
Every time a muscle contracts and releases , it sends out , among other chemicals , the protein IGF - 1 , which travels across the blood - brain barrier into the brain .
There , it stimulates the production of ( among other chemicals ) brain - derived neurotrophic factor ( BDNF ) .
BDNF happens to be essential for higher thought processes .
Regular exercise leads to higher levels of BDNF , which causes nerve cells to start branching out and connecting in new ways ; another way of saying the brain learns .
So if you 're having trouble wrapping your brain around relativity , pull - ups are a relatively good study strategy .
Among middle - aged people , increased exercise and high cardiovascular fitness is associated with the growth of new brain neurons in the dentate gyrus of the hippocampus — the area of the brain that controls learning and memory .
Until recently , scientists did n't think the brain could grow new neurons after a certain age .
It turns out , with exercise it can .
In fact , it can slow or reverse the ageing process .
Other By - products
Weight - training is the superior form of exercise for shedding fat .
Muscles burn calories when you use them as you train , but they also burn more calories when at rest than any other tissue , meaning that if you develop bigger muscles , you will burn extra calories even while watching TV .
Exercise makes the muscles more sensitive to insulin , which means the pancreas creates less insulin , which means your body moves sugar out of your blood more slowly , which means you do n't get hungry as fast .
Yes : pull - ups can be an appetite suppressant .
Exercise is also a known de-stresser .
It lowers your level of cortisol , which is the chemical associated with stress ( and the additional fat that comes along with it ) .
Also , the high - intensity workouts you 'll need will release endorphins , giving you that runner 's high and making you feel just great .
Geometrically
When you dead hang from the pull - up bar , your arms describe a 180° angle in relation to your body ; that is , they are straight .
A full pull - up takes you through a range of motion that ends with your arms forming an angle of approximately 25° – 30° .
The most difficult part of the pull - up will be getting from 180° to 140° .
A pull - up that starts from a flexed hang ( 140° ) is known among tough guys as a ' girly ' pull - up , because even girls can do it ( with a bit of exercise ) .
You will be able to do a girly pull - up long before you can do a manly one .
Knowing this , you should emphasise early on the aspects of your workout that will develop strength in the muscles you need to manage those first 40 degrees .
At first , you will be a helpless dangler .
Go ahead — dangle .
Dangling and straining to pull yourself upward is more of a workout than it appears to be .
( Note : if you get embarrassed easily , do n't do this at a public gym . )
Eventually , you will get to the point where you can flex your muscles while you dangle , though it wo n't change the angle of your arms a jot .
Then you 'll be able to flex an oh - so - difficult five degrees ... and finally , you 'll be able to drag yourself up to a 30° angle .
Tip 3 : Do n't leave the first part for last .
Work on the dead hang immediately .
Anatomically
Pull - ups will be a great lesson in anatomy .
The morning after your first workout you will not only discover which muscles you were using to exercise , but also what other mundane tasks those muscles perform each and every day .
It will be painful but educational .
Here are the biggest culprits , vaguely in order of importance :
Deltoids : deltoids are the superficial muscles that cap your shoulders .
You use them for reaching and pulling in pretty much every direction .
Latissimus Dorsi :
These are the muscles that wrap most of your back , from a bit below the shoulder to your waist .
It is known as the swimmer 's muscle because it gets so involved in anything that requires reaching and pushing against a force .
( Like water .
Or a pull - up bar . )
Pull - ups happen to be among the cruellest things you can do to your lats .
Brachialis and Brachioradialis :
These fellows will make you wish you could chop off your arms at the elbow .
Almost everything requires bending your elbow , and these fellas on the inside ( Brachialis above the joint , Brachioradialis below ) will scream every time .
Even worse , while other muscles may stop hurting after the initial few workouts , your Brachialis will fuss daily for weeks - even months .
Get used to it .
Pectorals : the pectoralii major are the slabs of muscle that make up your chest .
The pectoralii minor are closer to your shoulders underneath the more famous pectoralii major , reaching up to your deltoids .
For pull - ups , the minor are more important than the major , though both are used .
Anything that requires reaching outward or across your body is the business of these fellows .
Teres Major , Teres Minor , and Infraspinatus ( Rotator Cuff Muscles ) : Under and right behind your arms .
Need to stretch or reach ?
These guys are on it .
They are the ones who allow you to get your arms into your sleeves .
Usually , anyway .
The morning after your first workout they 'll be wanting a vacation .
Trapezius :
This is a sheet of muscle that makes up your upper back , beginning at the cervical ( neck ) vertebrae and narrowing downward to the middle of the spine .
Biceps Brachii and Triceps : the biceps form the bulge in the top middle of your upper arm while the triceps are below .
Neither are excessively involved in pull - ups , but they have their input in almost anything that requires flexing the arm .
Choracobrachialis , Levator Scapulae , and Rhomboids : might as well throw in the rest of the arm and back muscles , because they 're all involved to a certain extent .
If you do n't feel them initially , you probably will later .
Of course , you will only use these muscles if you do pull - ups the right way .
Your arms should grip the bar at approximately shoulder distance apart .
Your palms should be facing away from you , in what is known as a pronated grip .
If your palms are facing toward you , the grip is supinated and the exercise is known as a chin-up .
Initially , some of these muscles will be more developed than others .
While the only way to eventually do pull - ups is to work out by attempting to do pull - ups , you can speed up the process by performing peripheral , weight - lifting exercises to target specific muscle groups .
( More detail later . )
Tip 4 : Find out what the weakest link is and strengthen it .
Routinely
Before you start on the actual workout , there are a few things you need to learn from your local bodybuilder .
Yes , of course you 're not becoming a bodybuilder , but you 're building muscle mass — you certainly can't lose any — and that 's what these guys do all day long .
Like all speciality workers , bodybuilders have their lingo .
Lucky for you , bodybuilders on average are not as technical a bunch as , say , brain surgeons , so their jargon is n't too difficult to catch on to .
Here are the most important three terms :
Rep : a rep is the single execution of a motion , eg , lifting yourself above the bar and lowering yourself back down .
It 's short for ' repetition ' , because you 're going to aim to do more than one .
Set : a set is a number of reps repeated one after another .
A set of eight reps means you 're doing eight pull - ups in a row before resting .
A number of sets make up a single workout .
Between sets , take a one - to two - minute rest .
Instead of lying inert during those two minutes , most pros recommend exercising a different group of muscles .
This prevents you from losing momentum .
Total failure : total failure describes the weak , jelly - like feeling muscles get when they are no longer capable of supporting a straw .
Initially , it probably wo n't take you too many reps to reach this interesting state .
Opinions differ over whether this is a desirable state to reach , and when .
An exercise routine consists of a specific number of sets composed of a specific number of reps .
Most people prefer to do a steady number of both , eg , 12 sets of eight reps each .
Others believe in ' pyramid ' routines , where you start with a set of one rep , continue to a set of two reps , etc , building up to eight or 12 reps and then working your way back down to one .
The pyramid routine has the advantage of incorporating a warm - up and cool - down period .
In general , you should perform per set ( or at the top of your pyramid ) the number of reps that lead you right up to total failure , without actually achieving it .
In other words : you should end the set just short of total collapse .
Do n't kill yourself , but come close .
Tip 5 : Do n't pamper yourself .
The point at which you think you 're going to collapse is probably a good half - dozen reps before you really do .
If you are n't breaking a sweat you are n't working out .
Muscle burn has three stages : the warm tingly stage ; the searing streak stage ; and the tight knot of pain stage .
Stop after the onset of stage three .
The number of sets you perform should be the number you need to reach total failure for the workout .
Here 's why .
Physiologically
Muscle has been growing on man ever since he first lifted something heavy .
Yet at our much later point in history , more research has been done on growing the brain , bonsai plants , and a successful women 's shoe company than on growing muscles .
In fact , most of the field is based on theory and anecdotal evidence .
What is known for certain is that repeated stress and strain of muscles causes them to grow .
Beyond that , there are only a few popular theories .
The long , slow workout : since the repeated use of muscles is linked to their growth , many advocate a lengthy workout that does n't push the boundaries of what you 're able to do .
For example , if you can just barely pump 30 pounds for a few reps , advocates of this workout recommend pumping 20 pounds for many sets .
This workout has been tied to growth in stamina and endurance .
Bodybuilders disdain it as not leading to rapid and bulgy muscle growth .
The short , intense workout : since muscle strain is linked to muscle growth , many advocate a short workout using weights just beyond what you 're able to do .
For example , if you can just barely pump 30 pounds for a few reps , advocates of this workout recommend pumping it to total failure .
This workout is linked to explosive but short lived power .
Bodybuilders also claim it creates bigger muscles faster .
Both of these theories have some validity , and both have successfully built muscles , but both have their fans and naysayers .
Those who are against the long , slow workout point out that it takes too long to make significant progress .
( Some say that long , slow workouts lead to harder muscles while short , intense workouts lead to larger muscles , but that is the bodybuilder 's equivalent of an old wives ' tale . )
The naysayers for the short and intense workout mutter about tissue damage , brevity of strain and overworking .
Muscularly
Muscles go through three stages after a workout : renew , repair and grow .
Renewal occurs after you collapse to the floor gasping following a set .
Repair occurs after the workout , when the body repairs the tissue you 've just shredded .
Growth occurs over the course of the next few days , when the body tries to prevent damage from occurring again by strengthening the muscles .
If you work out daily , your body only gets a chance to carry out the renew and repair part of the process .
It literally treads water , trying to piece the tissue together in time for your next assault .
When this happens , you will not gain strength between workouts .
That 's why experts recommend working out only every other day , or even better , a mere three times a week .
Those workouts , though , should be pretty thorough in their scope .
Tip 6 : If you are n't getting stronger between workouts , either you 're not working out hard enough or you 're working out too hard .
You 're a nerd — think of it as the trajectory of a parabola ; you can plot an optimal workout with a bit of calculus .
If you 're a high - intensity - workout person , resting every other day might not be rest enough .
Taking off a week every five months or so will let your body finish repairing the tissue ; you 'll be surprised to find you gain strength by just surfing the Internet .
A brief note about protein : protein is necessary to build and repair muscle tissues .
Athletes take their protein very seriously , usually aiming to ingest at least half their body weight in grams of protein daily .
Yes - that 's a lot of tuna .
Because they tend to want to keep their body weight down , many supplement their diets with protein shakes .
For bodybuilders , comparing protein shakes is , like comparing workout routines , a source of social small - talk ; the more disgusting your shake , the more of a right you have to swagger about it in the locker room .
For the average pull - up doer , a protein shake is probably unnecessary .
If you eat scrambled eggs and fish for meals instead of biscuits and a latte , you 'll do fine .
Confusingly
Just in case you thought you were getting the hang of things , there 's another type of workout : the military or ' push ' workout .
This workout consists of purposely overworking for an extended period of time , usually a week to ten days .
During this period , the person does around twice their usual limit of reps in as condensed an amount of sets as possible .
Afterwards , they rest completely for a period of four to six days .
Done properly , this leads to explosive muscle growth — almost doubling their strength .
The push workout is based on the military , where new soldiers manage to gain strength despite repeating the same intense workout day after day without let - up .
Technologically
DARPA ( Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency ) developed , as part of an ongoing project to create superhuman soldiers , a tea - kettle shaped contraption they imaginatively dubbed ' the glove ' .
The glove sucks blood toward the hand it envelops , cools it and sends it back into circulation .
By using the glove to cool off between sets , a DARPA lab technician raised his number of pull - ups per day from 100 to 600 within 12 weeks .
( See , you 're not the only nerd doing pull - ups . )
DARPA researchers believe this suggests that muscles tire not because the mitochondria run out of fuel , but because they get overheated .
Tiring faster means less repetition means less exercise and less growth .
This does n't mean you should avoid getting hot and sweaty .
Sweat and muscle burn are signs of strain , and strain means gain .
However , it does mean you should try to keep as cool as possible .
Air conditioning is the most obvious way ; soaking your T - shirt before the workout might be effective ; taking freezing showers between sets might be going a tad too far ; but after all , it 's in the name of cutting edge science .
Nor does it mean you should n't warm up before a workout .
Warming up with a few easy sets prepares the body for exertion by loosening the muscles , increasing blood flow and metabolic rate and focusing your attention .
Tip 7 : Warm up .
Perform an aerobic exercise ( like star jumps ) or a few easy sets before starting a serious workout .
The DARPA research does punch a hole in the short , intense workout , demonstrating as it does that repetition is central to advancement .
Tip 8 : Cooling off between sets will increase your stamina and hasten your progress .
Practically
OK , so now you know the parameters of a healthy workout .
But what should your workout consist of ?
And what equipment will you need ?
Equipment
A firmly parked pull - up bar .
There is no getting around this .
You can't do pull - ups without it .
Do n't even try to get along with thick moulding above a doorway or those swinging rings in a local playground ; you need a good ol ' bar three inches above your fingertips for doing the job right .
Some bars install into doorways .
These are very convenient , but are usually quite low , and will require you to bend up your lower legs when you exercise .
Others need to be installed into ceilings .
Whichever you choose , do no attempt to do any pull - ups until you are positive the bar is solidly installed .
A low chair or footstool .
Something you can stand on to get level with the bar .
A bungee cord ( optional ) .
The cord should either be just long enough to stretch between your belt and the bar or long enough to make a swing - like loop that you can step into .
Bungee cords are a solid investment anyway ; they 're excellent for tying things to the roof of your car or preventing splattering when you jump off a cliff .
Weights and a rope ( optional ) .
A weights - and - rope combo is a potential replacement for the bungee cord .
It 's more awkward because there 's always the chance that something will come untied and land on your toes .
However , if you 're a dyed - in - the - wool dweeb , you 'll want a set of 5 lb dumb - bells for peripheral exercises that will get you up to speed .
Nothing else .
The nice thing about pull - ups is that they 're a low - maintenance exercise .
The only thing you really need is a bar above your head ( and some clearance above the bar ) .
Doing Pull- ups
When You Can't
When you have your equipment , you 'll be wanting to do pull - ups .
Problem is , you 're too darn heavy for yourself .
So lighten up .
There are a few ways to go about this :
Use a spotter :
This is a very obvious technique , which you will probably not use , for equally obvious reasons .
The logic is that since you 're too weak to lift yourself , you have someone help you along .
The problem is that it requires another person who is willing to grab you around the knees and lever you up three times a week for around a month or two when you are at your sweatiest .
Use the bungee cords :
If you hook one end of a short bungee cord to your belt and the other to the bar , it will exert a helpful pulling force .
This method places some limitations on your workout wardrobe .
Another way is to tie the ends of a longer bungee cord to the bar , creating a tight loop you can step into , which will push you up .
This only works if your bar is above your fingertips at stand height , since it relies on a stiffness in the body that wo n't be there if your knees are bent to accommodate a lower bar .
Use the weights and rope : Just like the bungee cord , a rope with a weight on one end and your belt on the other with a bar in between will work a bit like a deadweight pulley system .
Unfortunately , there is the awkward difficulty of getting the weights out of your way so they do n't bonk you in the stomach or shins .
Use the stool :
This makes the most sense because less can go wrong .
The stool should put the top of your head about level with the bar .
Push the stool either forward or backward , so you can exert some upward pressure with your feet when you 're at a dead hang , but not enough to make this an exercise in standing up and sitting down .
Other stuff :
You can do pull - ups on the side of the pool or in reduced gravity if either of them is available or convenient .
All these methods help you do what is called an ' assisted pull - up ' .
Another way to work up to pull - ups is by doing a ' reverse pull - up ' .
You 'll need your stool again for this .
Climb up to the proper ending position for a pull - up ( 30 degrees ) .
Slowly , with maximum agony , lower yourself to the proper starting position .
Instead of starting with slack muscles and flexing them as you pull up , you are starting with flexed muscles and slackening them as you go down .
It does n't matter — they 're the same muscles .
Weight a Second
You can also hasten the moment of your first pull - up with some weight training that targets the right muscles :
Rowing : Rowing exercises your latissimus dorsi ( aka ' lats ' ) , biceps and trapezius .
If you do n't have a rowing machine , fear not .
Find a bench or stool and support one knee and hand on it .
With the other , lower and pull back up a dumb - bell , using a rowing motion .
Do n't do any swinging .
Shoulder press :
This will work your deltoids , brachialis , brachioradialis , triceps , and to a certain extent , your trapezius .
Hold a dumb - bell in each hand with a pronated grip .
Slowly straighten your arms skyward and then lower them down again .
If you move your arms outward , you can even get your pectoralis minor into the game .
The motion imitates reverse pull - ups , but is less intense because you are n't lifting your body weight .
Dip :
This works your triceps and pectoralis .
You need two benches ( or bars , if you want to be utterly uncomfortable ) .
Sit on one , put your feet on the other .
Place your hands on the first bench and lower yourself off from it , until your arms are bent at a 90 degree angle ( no more ) .
Lift yourself back up .
Lat pull - down :
This is another reverse - pull - up style exercise .
You pull down at a bar suspended by a tight elastic cord .
Most gyms have one , but you can probably rig one up yourself with that bungee cord .
Bicep curls :
These tackle your brachialis , brachioradialis , triceps , and of course , biceps .
You hold two dumb - bells in front of you against your thighs in a supinated grip .
Slowly bend your elbows and raise them to your shoulders and back down again .
Do n't swing — not only will you probably hurt yourself , but you wo n't use the full range of muscles .
Push - ups :
These work out your pectorals , triceps , and deltoids .
Lie on your stomach , palms flat on the ground just outside your shoulders .
Keep your legs straight and your toes tucked under against the floor .
Press yourself upward until your arms are straight .
Keep your back straight too .
Lower yourself to a fist 's distance from the floor and repeat .
The best way to train for pull - ups is to do pull - ups .
But until you can do that first pull - up these exercises can help you along .
Just remember : the best way to train for pull - ups is to do pull - ups .
Do n't let any secondary exercises exhaust you so that you can't do the primary exercises .
Tip 9 : The best way to train for pull - ups is to do pull - ups .
The best way to train for pull - ups is to do pull - ups .
The best way ...
Designing a Workout Routine
There are websites that claim to design a workout routine for you .
They tell you to do this many reps per set of this exercise for two weeks and then switch to this amount of that ...
Forget it .
Get used to designing your own workout .
It 'll work best .
Only you know how much you can really handle , and if you do less it 's because you know you 're being lazy , and not because you 're using recommendations made by someone who does n't want to be sued .
A mix of the short and long workouts is probably best .
You want to reach total failure , but you do n't want to do it until you 've worked out for at least 30 - 45 minutes ( but less than an hour ) and done a considerable number of sets .
Every two weeks , evaluate and upgrade your workout so it continues to be a challenge .
Until you can do one pull - up , you 'll want to increase the intensity by adding weight .
After you can do a pull - up , increase the intensity by adding reps .
As long as you keep pushing yourself to the max , you 're on the right track .
Psychologically
It is n't just the physical act of doing pull - ups that is difficult — mentally getting up the nerve to train for them is even harder .
Beginning a workout is like diving into a cold swimming pool before breakfast .
It means attempting again and again to do something you know you will fail to accomplish , over and over again , for weeks .
Most people like to succeed , which is why most people do n't do pull - ups .
It is daunting .
You will doubt yourself .
You will doubt your goals and priorities .
You will doubt your physical ability .
Everyone does , so get used to it .
It will be encouraging if you keep track of your progress .
Begin every workout with the same reverse pull - up routine to see how many reps you gain each week .
Note when weights begin to feel light , or when assisted pull - ups require less assistance .
Measure muscle size or hardness to see how they 're developing .
Talk to people who have put in the effort and succeeded .
Tip 10 : Remaining motivated should be as much a part of your routine as assisted pull - ups .
One great foe of the workout is boredom .
Try to stay focused on the physical presence of the workout , in a sort of ' be here now ' meditation kind of way .
A wandering mind is detrimental to the workout .
For that reason , the steady beat of rap or heavy metal is more conducive to a good workout than listening to your favourite Richard Feynman lectures .
Chronologically
Unless you already work out , it will probably take you a month or two ( depending on gender , workout intensity , genetics ... ) before you can do that first pull - up .
There will be little or no advanced warning - no drumroll or dramatic music - leading up to it .
One day you wo n't be able to do a pull - up .
The next day you will .
Feel free to test your disbelief by repeating it several times throughout the day .
And congratulations !
You have joined a fairly exclusive club .
The drive and determination that saw you to this milestone will doubtless aid you in many future goals .
LONDON ( MarketWatch ) -- Goldman Sachs said late Tuesday that it would provide $ 500 million to support small businesses , hours after its CEO Lloyd Blankfein apologized for the group 's role in the global financial crisis .
Goldman GS , +2.12 % has faced growing criticism over its likely massive bonus payouts as the U.S. economy remains in turmoil .
It has also received , and subsequently paid back , $ 10 billion of aid from the Troubled Asset Relief Program .
The group said it will provide $ 100 million a year over the next five years , including a total of $ 200 million to provide scholarships for business and management educations and $ 300 million in the form of " loans and philanthropic support " to increase access to capital for small businesses .
Goldman has already set aside nearly $ 17 billion to cover pay and bonuses this year and that figure could rise to as much as $ 23 billion , meaning the five - year program is equivalent to a little more than 2 % of its annual wages bill .
The Financial Times reported that the $ 100 million annual cost is the equivalent of one good trading day and that the bank had 36 days in the third quarter where it made more than $ 100 million .
Goldman said it will set up an advisory council co-chaired by CEO Blankfein , Warren Buffett and Michael Porter , of Harvard Business School .
" Our recovery is dependent on hard working small business owners across America who will create the jobs that America needs , " said Berkshire Hathaway BRK.A , +1.30 % BRK.B , +1.18 % CEO Buffett .
" I 'm proud to be a part of this innovative program which provides greater access to know - how and capital -- two ingredients critical to success , " he added .
Goldman made no reference in the announcement to the public backlash over its profits , but Blankfein earlier did offer an apology for Goldman 's role in the cycle of cheap credit that helped fuel the crisis .
" We participated in things that were clearly wrong and have reason to regret , " Blankfein reportedly said , adding " we apologize . "
• Civilian crew seized on yacht sailing from Bahrain to Dubai • Government in contact with the Iranians – David Miliband
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
Five British sailors have been detained in Iran after their racing yacht was stopped by the Iranian navy while sailing from Bahrain to Dubai , the Foreign Office said tonight .
The civilian crew were seized last week while on a racing yacht sailing from Bahrain to Dubai after allegedly straying into Iranian waters .
The Foreign Office said a racing yacht owned by Sail Bahrain and crewed by five British nationals , had been stopped by Iranian naval vessels on 25 November .
The five crew members , whose families have been informed , are said to be safe and well in Iran .
The foreign secretary , David Miliband , said the government was in contact with the Iranians .
" FCO officials immediately contacted the Iranian authorities in London and in Tehran on the evening of 25 November , both to seek clarification and to try and resolve the matter swiftly , " he said .
" Our Ambassador in Tehran has raised the issue with the Iranian Foreign Ministry and we have discussed the matter with the Iranian Embassy in London .
I hope this issue will soon be resolved .
We will remain in close touch with the Iranian authorities , as well as the families . "
The Foreign Office said the yacht might have strayed " inadvertently " into Iranian waters .
It is believed the sailors were heading to Dubai to join the Dubai - Muscat Offshore Sailing Race .
Sail Bahrain was recently launched by yachting company Team Pindar .
The detention of the sailors comes at a time when relations between Iran and the west are already extremely strained over the country 's plans to build 10 new nuclear fuel plants .
It is not the first time that Britons have been captured by the Iranian authorities while at sea .
Iran took 15 British service personnel hostage on 23 March 2007 and held them for 13 days .
The Royal Navy sailors and Royal Marines , from the frigate HMS Cornwall , were taken at gunpoint by Iranian warships during a routine search of a cargo ship in the northern Persian Gulf .
Iran alleged the frigate had strayed into Iranian territorial waters but the Ministry of Defence denied the allegation and said the ship was in Iraqi waters .
Footage of crew members was broadcast by Iranian television .
Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad agreed to pardon and free them on 4 April 2007 .
In June 2004 , six Royal Marines and two Royal Navy sailors were held for three days .
They were part of a Royal Navy team which had been training the new Iraqi security forces to conduct anti-smuggling operations in the Shatt al - Arab waterway and were arrested while on their way to Basra to deliver one of the patrol boats to the new Iraqi riverine patrol service .
The Iranian authorities said the boats had entered Iranian territorial waters in the Shatt al - Arab waterway which divides Iran from Iraq .
The Iran - Iraq border runs down the middle of the waterway .
Some of those captured were also paraded on television .
The History Channel gives you a reason to buy a new TV : “ WWII in HD ”
I am neither a history buff nor a particular aficionado of war footage , but when The History Channel presented its TCA panel for the upcoming series , “ WWII in HD , ” premiering on Nov. 15th , I do n’t mind telling you that I was absolutely enthralled .
Culled from thousands of hours of lost and rare color archival footage gathered from a two - year - long worldwide search through basements and archives , the miniseries – narrated by Gary Sinese , with additional contributions from Ron Livingston , LL Cool J , Rob Lowe , Steve Zahn , and others – is unquestionably going to change the way a lot of younger people think of World War II … and by “ younger , ” I ’m talking from , like , 50 - year - olds on down the line .
I ’ve seen the first couple of episodes , and it ’s just mindblowing to see all of this color footage , so much so that you ’ll almost be embarrassed that you ’re having a hard time accepting that it ’s real .
For instance , my wife and I were watching footage of a Nazi rally , with Adolf Hitler riding down the street to a crowd chanting his name , and we were just stunned .
I mean , you ’ve seen pictures of Hitler , and you ’ve seen the grainy black and white footage , but to see him in living color … ?
It ’s truly bizarre , and the same goes for the moments where you see FDR , Churchill , and any number of other familiar faces from the era .
It ’s almost disconcerting , frankly , and that ’s not even getting started on seeing the scenes of combat .
Here ’s the trailer for “ WWII in HD , ” so you see at least a little bit of what I ’m going on about :
Keep in mind that the trailer itself is n’t in HD , of course , but I dare say you can see how much they ’ve cleaned up this found footage .
It ’s truly remarkable , and it is absolutely must - see .
Mark it on your calendar now : Nov. 15 , 9 PM , The History Channel .
Two types of Function
g ( m , t , f , v ) = v+( t / m ) *f
g ( m , t , Rf , Rv ) = Rv+(t/ m ) * Rf = Rg ( m , t , f, v )
f(e , v, B ) = ev×B
f(e , Rv, RB ) = Rf(e , v, B )
0
1
2
f( x , y ) = ( x 0 y 0 , x 1 y 1 , x 2 y 2 )
Rotational Invariance
Vector APIs
0
1
2
i
Coordinate System Invariance
Lots More Types
Conclusion
Example Code
> data Triple = T Float Float Float deriving Show
> class Vector v where
> (.+ ) :: v -> v -> v
> (.*) :: Float -> v -> v
> dot :: v -> v ->
Float
> cross :: v -> v -> v
> instance Vector Triple where
> T x y z .+
T u v w = T ( x+u ) ( y+v ) ( z+w )
> a .* T x y z = T ( a * x ) ( a*y ) ( a*z )
> dot ( T x y z ) ( T u v w ) = x*u+y*v+z*w
> cross ( T x y z ) ( T u v w ) = T
> ( y* w - v*z )
> ( z* u - x*w )
> ( x*v-y*u )
Triple
> f :: Vector v => ( v , v, Float ) -> [ ( v ,
v ) ]
Many software libraries , especially those for physics or 3D graphics , are equipped with tools for working with vectors .
I 'd like to point out how in these libraries the functions for manipulating vectors sometimes have special and useful properties that make it worthwhile to separate them out into their own interface .
Suppose an object of mass m is moving with velocityand we apply forceto it for time t.
What is the final velocity ?
This is given by g: Now suppose that R is a rotation operation , typically represented by a matrix .
What happens if we apply it to both of the vector arguments of g ?
In other words , rotating the vector arguments is the same as rotating the vector result .
Another example : Consider the function that gives the force on an electric charge as a function of its velocity and the magnetic field :
It 's essentially just the cross product .
If you rotate both of the arguments to the cross product then the result is rotated too .
The result is that
On the other hand , many 3D APIs come with a function to perform componentwise multiplication of vectors .
Write vectorsas triples ( x , x , x ) , and so on , we can write such a function as : You can show that this does n't have a similar property .
To make things easy , let 's restrict ourselves to functions of scalars and vectors .
And when I say vector , I 'm talking strictly about vectors representing magnitude and direction , but not positions .
Examples of such vectors are velocities , accelerations , angular velocities , magnetic fields , and the difference between two positions .
A function is said to beif applying a rotation R to all of its vector arguments results in the same thing as applying R to all of the vectors in its value .
This allows you to have a function that returns multiple vectors , like a tuple or array .
The first two functions I described above were rotationally invariant but the third was n't .
Notice how the first two examples also described physical processes .
This is the important point : as far as we know , all of the laws of physics are rotationally invariant .
If you write down an equation describing a physical process then replacing all of the vectors in it by their rotated counterparts must also result in a valid equation .
So if you 're describing a physical process with a computer program , and you end up with a function that is n't rotationally invariant , you 've made a mistake somewhere .
Vector APIs frequently come with all manner of functions .
Some have the invariance property and some do n't .
If you write code that you 'd like to be rotationally invariant , but it turns out that it is n't , you usually have to examine the code to find the bug .
But if you separate the invariant functions into their own interface , and then write code using just that interface , the code is guaranteed to be invariant .
If your programming language has reasonably strict types then you may even be able to arrange things so that the type signature of the function alone is enough to tell you that the function is invariant .
In effect you are able to make the compiler prove that your function is invariant .
( As an aside , this is an example of why a good type system does much more than you might at first have guessed .
They do n't just stop you making typos , they can do things like prove that your programs satisfy certain geometrical properties .
)
So what functions would you have in such an API ?
Among the essential rotationally invariant functions are : 1. Multiplcation of a vector by a scalar2 .
Addition of vectors3 .
Dot product4 .
Cross product
In terms of these you can build functions such as1 .
Vector length2 .
Vector normalization3 .
Rotation of one vector around an axis specified by another vector4 .
Linear interpolation between vectorsWhat kinds of functions would be excluded ?
1 . Constructing a vector from three scalars , ie .
f( x , y, z ) = ( x , y , z ) .
2 .
Constructing a vector form a single scalar , ie . f( x ) = ( x , x , x ) .
3 .
Extracting the ith component of a vector , ie .
f( i , ( x , x , x ) ) = x4 .
Pointwise multiplication of vectors .
5 . Computing the elementwise cosine of a vector .
On seeing the first excluded example above you might ask " how am I supposed to construct vectors ? "
The point is that you do n't program exclusively with an invariant API , you simply use it whenever you need to prove invariance .
One purpose of writing to a particular interface is that it allows the API to hide implementation details from the user .
Using a rotationally invariant API has a role to serve here .
For example , many 3D renderers allow you to write shaders .
These are essentially functions that compute the colour of a piece of geometry that needs rendering .
You write a shader and the renderer then calls your shader as needed when a fragment of geometry passes through its pipeline .
Frequently these are used for lighting calculations but there are all kinds of other things that may be computed in shaders .
In a 3D renderer different parts of the computation are often performed in different coordinate systems .
For example it may be convenient to perform lighting calculations in a coordinate system oriented with the direction of the light .
But the author of a renderer does n't want to be committed to a particular choice .
In order to do this , it is essential to be able to write shaders that are agnostic about which coordinate system is being used .
If we work with rotationally invariant functions , our shaders are guaranteed to be agnostic in this way ( assuming that the only kind of coordinate change that takes place is a rotation ) .
I 've concentrated on just one type of invariance , rotational invariance .
If we consider more types of invariance then more types of interface naturally emerge .
It would take too long to cover all of the details here so I 'm just going to briefly sketch the beginnings of the more general case .
So just read this section as a list of pointers to further reading .
For example , some functions are invariant under translations .
These can be thoght of as functions of points in space .
If we allow more general linear transformations then we find that some common functions transform ' oppositely ' to vectors .
In particular , normals to surfaces transform in this way .
In fact , Pixar 's Renderman has three distinct types , vectors , points and normals that captures these different invariances .
If we go back to rotations again but now extend these by allowing reflections then we find an interesting new phenomenon .
For example , consider the result of reflecting in the x-y - plane , followed by reflecting in the y - z - plane followed by reflecting in the x -z - plane .
This simply multiplies vectors by - 1 .
Dot product is invariant under this : ( - ) ·(- ) =.
But cross product is n't because ( - ) ×( - ) =.
Even though the cross product is apparently vector , it does n't get multiplied by - 1 .
When we start considering invariance under reflection we find that some vectors behave differently .
These are the pseudovectors and in effect they have their own separate type and interface .
Interestingly , nature likes to keep pseudovectors and vectors separate except in parity violating phenomena .
There are even pseudoscalars
Incidentally , if you consider invariance under scaling you 're led to the idea of encoding dimensions in your types
If you 're writing a vector API think about the invariance properties that your functions may have .
If any are useful then it may be worth placing those in a separate interface .
The more distinct types you have , the more properties you can make your compiler prove .
Obviously this needs to be balanced against practicality , complexity for users and what you actually need .
To some extent , many existing APIs make some of these distinctions with varying degrees of strictness .
The main point I want to make clear is that these distinctions are based onproperties , something that not all developers of such APIs are aware of .
At some point I hope to return to this topic and enumerate all of the common vector - like types in a single framework .
Unfortunately it 's a big topic and I 've only been able to scratch the surface here .
In particular there are some subtle interplays between dimensions and types .
On a deeper level , I think there must be some type theoretical framework in which these invariance properties are free theorems Update : I believe some of this material is covered in Jimm Blinn 's Vectors and Geometry and Objects , Oh My ! , but I do n't have access to that .
I suspect that there is one big difference in my presentation : I 'm not so interested here in vectors ( or normals or whatever ) in themselves but as defining interfaces to functions with invariance properties .
Like the way category theorists shift the focus from objects to arrows .
It makes a difference because it immediately gives theorems that our code is guaranteed to satisfy .
It 's the invariance property of the cross product ( say ) that is useful here , not the fact that the components of a vector transform a certain way when we change coordinates ( because I might not even want to refer to coordinates in my code ) .
To show that I 'm talking about something very simple , but still powerful , here 's some Haskell code :
You can freely apply the four primitive functions to elements of typebut if you have a function of , say , signatureyou are guaranteed it is invariant .
Like many Americans and many Jews , I grew up with a positive view of Israel as a peace - seeking democracy .
Israel symbolized to me the one protection that Jews had against the type of persecution that had plagued families like mine throughout history .
I saw the Jewish state as a tiny and victimized country that simply wanted to live in peace but couldnt because of its aggressive , Jew - hating Arab neighbors .
In 2003 , during a backpacking trip through the Middle East , I began to meet Palestinian refugees from 1948 .
I didnt know who the Palestinians were , or where Palestine was , and through my new acquaintances I began to hear a narrative about the history and present of Israel / Palestine that was entirely different from the one I had learned growing up in the United States .
My first reaction was disbelief , and anger .
Families told me stories of past and present military attacks , house demolitions , land confiscation , imprisonment without trial , and torture .
It seemed that these actions were not carried out for the protection of Jewish people , but rather for the creation and expansion of a Jewish state at the expense of the rights , lives , and dignity of the non-Jewish people living in the region .
It was hard for me to believe that Israel could act so unjustly .
Not believing what I heard , I decided to do some research to prove myself right .
Immediately , I was shocked to find how much I didnt know about the situation on the ground .
Not knowing who or what to believe anymore , I decided to go to see the situation with my own eyes .
Since I returned , Ive dedicated my life to informing fellow Americans and others about what I found , and what they can do to support a just peace for all peoples in Israel / Palestine .
Recently , I updated my Twitter feed : " I 'm in a board meeting .
Having a miscarriage .
Thank goodness , because there 's a fucked - up three - week hoop - jump to have an abortion in Wisconsin . "
I am 42 years old and run a social networking site for managing careers , and a blog with half a million visitors a month .
On Twitter , the micro- blogging site , my feed is one of the most popular around .
I have tweeted about my sex life , my period , and even a minor run-in with the police .
For me , Twitter is a way to make a note about the most important things that happen in the day .
So , I never thought this message would cause uproar .
But it did .
Television , blogs and newspapers around the world reported what I had written .
People posted critcisms on my blog .
I was even interviewed on CNN where the news anchor asked me , " Young lady , do you have no shame ? "
My boyfriend 's extended family called to make sure he was dumping me – although my mother told me she was proud of my CNN interview and forwarded it to all her feminist friends .
People were shocked at my response to the miscarriage .
But I was shocked by their outrage .
I am not sure why people think there is a " correct " emotion for miscarriages .
For anything , really .
Emotions are complicated .
Sometimes people laugh in a crisis because they can't control themselves .
We know some men walk away during a fight , we know some parents hit their kids when they love them .
Pregnancies , too , are complicated .
Something I knew when I wrote that tweet .
I have given birth to two children and they are the love of my life .
They are four and seven years old .
And they are difficult , fun , scary , smart and always seem to need something from me – they make my life feel full and important .
I also understand the pain a miscarriage can cause .
I had one in between having my two kids , and I thought I was never going to recover .
I remember the ultrasound technician 's face when she saw the baby was dead .
I knew before she told me : I screamed and had to be put in a separate room at the doctor 's office because I had a panic attack and nearly fainted .
I was inconsolable for days .
I was scared I 'd never have another child .
I hated myself for not trying to have children sooner .
But this time was different .
I knew I did not want the baby .
Is that so bad ?
I had taken a pregnancy test when I could n't do my normal run or stay awake at work .
When it came back positive , I felt old , scared and angry .
When I called my boyfriend to tell him , he cried .
He does n't believe in abortion .
But I have a child with autism and the odds that the next child will have autism is almost 90 % .
The odds of a mother over 40 having a child with Down 's syndrome is one in 100 .
The risk that a woman who is 42 will miscarry at some point in the pregnancy is higher than 50 % .
These are not good odds .
And I 'm the sole breadwinner .
I already knew that the risks of this pregnancy were huge .
And if I had a baby with compromised medical health , it would jeopardise my ability to care for my two kids in the way I want to .
So , of course I was relieved that I did n't have to have an abortion because the decision was made for me .
That this is controversial is absolutely shocking to me .
I have had an abortion before .
I know a few things about abortions .
They are difficult morally , terrifying emotionally , and they are usually secret .
People have said that I should n't have got pregnant in the first place .
But according to the Guttmacher Institute in the US ( a not - for - profit organisation that works to advance reproductive health ) , most women who have abortions were on birth control the month they got pregnant .
And half the women in the US will have an unintended pregnancy by age 45 .
So there is no single emotion for miscarriage or for pregnancy .
What none of the commentators of my tweet seems keen to discuss is how a woman 's right to have an abortion where I live in Wisconsin has been undermined .
It is one of 12 states that make women wait 24 hours before they can schedule an abortion .
And the only place to get one that is covered by insurance is at a Planned Parenthood clinic , of which there are only three in the state .
There is a week - and - a - half wait to get the first meeting and a week - and - a - half wait to get the abortion .
To me , this is far more important than judging whether or not I should share personal information .
Some people say that a miscarriage is too private to discuss at work .
But why ?
It 's an important part of a woman 's experience .
It is not dirty or evil or shameful .
A large number of women will have miscarriages in their lifetime .
It 's part of being a woman .
And most men at the office have lived through the miscarriage of a significant other .
It 's an experience that happens over weeks , not hours .
And it happens at work .
We talk about death at work .
We talk about violence at work .
We talk about emotional problems such as breakups and mishaps and major disappointments .
Why can't we talk about miscarriage ?
Who is hurt by keeping the topic taboo ?
Others say I should not have discussed my experience on Twitter , but Twitter is not a public forum .
Those who want to read my tweets have to sign up to receive my updates .
And I can approve or disapprove people on an individual basis .
The percentage of people who subscribe to my Twitter feed who were offended by my miscarriage tweet is very small .
I know because you can unsubscribe to the feed , and only about 70 did .
I believe that the history of women can be seen , in some ways , as a history of language .
The more women talk about their experiences , the more power they have to shape those experiences .
Words such as date rape and antenatal depression are empowering because they give us ways to talk about issues that were hidden when we did not have the language to express them .
We have a word for miscarriage .
We should use it to explore the complicated issues around it .
If you insist on keeping the word private , you force the experience of women back into darkness .
If you start telling women which media is appropriate for which emotion , you undermine the progress we make .
I did n't think about any of this when I wrote my tweet .
But all the media attention has made me think a lot more , and I 'm glad I have .
I 'm smarter for it .
You can read Penelope Trunk 's blog at http://blog.penelopetrunk.com
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Police in Los Angeles say a multi-million dollar Andy Warhol art collection has been stolen from a private home in the city .
Among the missing works are 10 pieces created by Warhol in the late 1970s depicting famous athletes , including Muhammad Ali and OJ Simpson .
They were taken from the house of businessman Richard Weisman .
A portrait of Mr Weisman was also stolen .
A $ 1 m reward has been offered for information leading to their recovery .
The silkscreen pieces , commissioned by Mr Weisman , are valued at several million dollars .
Police said that the artworks - each one 40 inches ( 101 cm ) square - had been taken on the 2 or 3 September .
STOLEN WARHOLS Muhammad Ali OJ Simpson Chris Evert Tom Seaver Jack Nicklaus Kareem Abdul - Jabbar Pele Willie Shoemaker Dorothy Hamill Rod Gilbert
Their disappearance was discovered by a domestic employee , who found the dining room walls bare and alerted the police .
Among the sports stars depicted in the series of the pieces were tennis champion Chris Evert , Los Angeles Lakers basketball great Kareem Abdul - Jabbar and Olympic skater Dorothy Hamill .
Though the house was locked up at the time of the theft , Los Angeles police said the rest of the property had remained untouched and there was no sign of forced entry .
" This was a very clean crime , " Detective Mark Sommer said .
" [ The home ] was n't ransacked . "
He added that the Warhol collection of sports personalities seemed to have been specifically targeted for the theft as other artwork , including pieces by Warhol , had not been taken .
" For some reason they had an interest in this collection , " he said .
Mr Weisman described the theft of the works as " a profoundly personal loss to me and my family " .
Andy Warhol , who died in 1987 , became internationally famous in the 1960s for his iconic image of a Campbell 's soup can and the social gatherings at his New York studio , " The Factory " .
It 's been only two days since Manny Pacquiao 's historic 12th - round knockout of Miguel Cotto on Saturday night in Las Vegas to win a welterweight title -- Pacquiao's record seventh in a seventh division -- but already the focus is firmly on a potential Pacquiao showdown with Floyd Mayweather Jr .
And Freddie Roach , the trainer Pacquiao now refers to as " my master , " is licking his chops for the fight after seeing Pacquiao cut through a big , strong welterweight like Cotto .
" I 've thought about Mayweather for a long time now , " Roach told ESPN.com from his Wild Card gym in Hollywood , Calif. , on Monday .
" He 's the ultimate opponent .
His style does pose some problems because he 's very good at what he does .
But after seeing Manny with Cotto , Manny showed he takes a punch well .
We 'll definitely knock Mayweather out .
He 'll break down .
He can't stand up to Manny 's pressure .
He wo n't last as long as Cotto .
" I got a feeling Mayweather does n't really want to fight Manny .
When he says he wants 65 percent [ of the revenue ] , that 's like saying he does n't want to fight , " he said .
Roach had heard about Mayweather 's first public comments about the possible mega - fight , which if made would almost certainly challenge the pay - per- view buy record of 2.4 million set by Mayweather 's fight with Oscar De La Hoya in May 2007 .
" The thing is with Pacquiao I do n't see any versatility as a fighter , " Mayweather , the former pound - for - pound king who ended a retirement by easily outpointing Juan Manuel Marquez on Sept. 19 , said to England 's Sky Sports .
" He 's a good puncher but just one - dimensional .
" I 'm in a no -win situation .
If I beat Manny Pacquiao you know what they are going to say ?
' You are supposed to beat him , you are Floyd Mayweather , you are the bigger man . '
If I knock him out they 'll say , ' You 're supposed to knock him out [ because ] he 's been knocked out before . '
I 'm in a no -win situation and when I beat him no one is going to be surprised because he 's been beaten before .
Whatever I do to Pacquiao has been done before .
He 's been beaten on three occasions .
And if I knock him out I do n't want the world shouting because he 's been knocked out twice before [ as a flyweight in the 1990s ] , " he said .
Roach is n't buying Mayweather 's talk , especially considering Pacquiao is obviously a far superior fighter now than he was during his days as a flyweight , when he was weight drained and was stopped twice , once in 1996 as a teen and again when he lost the title in 1999 at age 20 .
" Floyd can say what he wants , but I saw Floyd get almost beat by Oscar and when he fought [ Jose Luis ] Castillo for the first time , " Roach said .
Castillo lost the lightweight title to Mayweather via decision in 2002 in what was the toughest fight of Mayweather 's career .
Mayweather won more convincingly in the rematch later that year .
Castillo was one of Pacquiao's main sparring partners to prepare him for the fight with Cotto , so Roach talked to Castillo about Mayweather .
" I talked to him about Mayweather when we had him in camp with us and he told me Pacquiao is faster and hits way harder than Mayweather , " Roach said .
" I thought Castillo won their first fight .
He put pressure on Mayweather and broke him down .
Whatever Floyd gives us , we 'll take .
Manny will him on the arms , the shoulders , wherever he can , and Mayweather will feel it .
There 's no way Mayweather can win the fight running , and that 's what he does best . "
If the fight happens , the date of March 13 has been floated .
However , Roach thinks that is too soon .
Although Pacquiao beat Cotto , it was a physically demanding fight .
Pacquiao suffered a broken right ear drum in addition to the cuts and bruises on his face , Roach said .
" May or June , in that ballpark , " Roach said about when he thought the fight should happen .
" March may be too close to get a big fight like that going .
I 'd like to see Manny take a rest and then get into it .
We 'll have a change in sparring partners and style because Mayweather is so different than our last four opponents [ Cotto , Ricky Hatton , De La Hoya and David Diaz ] .
We have to study him really hard .
But I know Mayweather really well .
I just need Manny to see what I see .
" I would love to see Manny knock this guy out and then retire , " he said .
" There 's no place to go after that .
We will break Mayweather down .
He 's a fragile guy .
I know he is hard to get to but we will get to him .
Manny can match Mayweather 's speed and he has better footwork and more balls . "
While the fight may not ever happen , casinos in Las Vegas are already taking bets on who will win if Pacquiao and Mayweather get into the ring .
Pacquiao opened as an 8 - 5 favorite at sports books operated by Station Casinos , and it did n't take long for bettors to take a side .
Several $ 20,000 bets were put down on Mayweather , forcing the line down to 7 - 5 in the early going , said Art Manteris , the casino operator 's vice president of sports book operations .
Dan Rafael is ESPN.com 's boxing writer .
Information from The Associated Press contributed to this report .
Sorry , this game is not available on mobile devices
Thank you for voting !
Please leave a tip or a game review below !
Thank you for voting !
Please leave a tip or a game review below !
Game description
Cat with Bow Golf is a free physics game .
Try not to send this kitty sailing out of bounds .
Getting the cat on target is harder than it looks , but the usual rules of golf apply to these floating greens .
Instructions
See game for instructions Cat with Bow Golf , Free Online Shooting Game , Free Online Fun Game
Cat with Bow Golf gameplay
CONTENT RATING : Teen + ( more info )
RELEASE DATE : 13 Jun 2007
RATING : 87 %
12,370,486 PLAYS
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan ( CNN ) -- Pakistan 's army said Sunday it has killed 60 " terrorists " as it battles to wrest control of part of the country from the Taliban .
Five soldiers were killed in the last 24 hours of the assault , the military said .
Pakistani Taliban leader Hakimullah Mehsud , pictured in November 2008 .
But the Taliban claimed they had killed 68 Pakistani security forces in the last day .
Pakistani Taliban spokesman Azam Tariq told CNN by phone that only one Taliban fighter had been killed and three injured in that time .
He said the Taliban had killed the Pakistani troops with roadside bombs and in combat .
He said the anti-government forces had " huge quantities " of weapons " which we got during the war against Russia and it is sufficient for us for many years , " he said , presumably referring to the Soviet Union 's 1979 - 1989 occupation of Afghanistan .
Pakistani troops launched the massive ground offensive backed by air power this weekend in South Waziristan , a refuge and a power base for insurgents operating in Pakistan and along the Pakistani - Afghan border .
The highly anticipated offensive comes after a wave of suicide attacks in Pakistan .
It has prompted the exodus of tens of thousands of civilians , the U.N. refugee agency said .
Although the offensive is not the first , it is the most important , military spokesman Gen .
Athar Abbas told CNN , " because we have concluded that this area has become the center of gravity of the problem . "
Pakistan said it was not targeting civilians .
" In some areas , people ( including women ) raised white flags ; they were left off after search , " Pakistan said in a statement .
One military official said Pakistani troops seized control of Kotkai , the home village of Pakistani Taliban leader Hakimullah Mehsud , where Mehsud has lived with fellow Taliban commander Qari Hussein .
Hussein is the mastermind of some of Pakistan 's deadliest suicide attacks .
Airstrikes from jet fighters and helicopter gunships targeted militant hideouts in Kotkai and the villages of Badar , Barwand , and Khisur -- all strongholds of the Taliban and their late leader Baitullah Mehsud , another official told CNN .
Watch how the offensive began »
The officials asked not to be identified because they are not authorized to speak to the media .
Four Pakistani soldiers were killed and 12 others were wounded on the first day of the battle , the military said .
The ground offensive in South Waziristan was launched Saturday morning after the military received clearance from the government , said Gen. Athar Abbas , the Pakistan military spokesman .
He said the region 's eight entry and exit points have been sealed by troops .
Asked by CNN about the potential that the Taliban militants might flee , Abbas said , " there 's a huge presence of security forces in the area . "
When the main arteries in and out of the area are closed and the militants ' freedom is restricted , " I think half the battle is over for them , " he said .
But the government does n't want help from U.S. drones , he said .
" The policy of the government is very clear , " Abbas said . " ...
The government feels it does more harm than it helps . "
A peace deal is not an option , according to Abbas .
When militants lay down their arms and surrender , " only then it will be accepted you are not fighting , " he said .
Pakistani officials said about 10,000 to 15,000 militants linked to the Taliban or to al Qaeda operate in South Waziristan , a harsh terrain familiar to militants but difficult for others to navigate .
About 28,000 Pakistani soldiers have moved into the epicenter of Taliban activity in the region to counter their activities , officials said .
Elsewhere in Pakistan 's tribal region -- in the Mohmand Agency -- at least eight militants and one soldier were killed on Saturday when they exchanged gunfire near a military checkpost , the military said .
For months , the military had been targeting militant hideouts in South Waziristan and other hotspots in Pakistan 's tribal areas .
Earlier this year , troops launched a large operation targeting militants in the Swat Valley , in Pakistan 's North West Frontier Province .
But despite these efforts , insurgents have continued to strike with relative impunity inside Pakistan , brazenly targeting government , police and security locations .
The latest attack occurred Friday in the northern city of Peshawar , when a suicide car bomber detonated near a police station , killing 13 people -- most of them civilians .
The recent wave of deadly attacks has raised concerns about the ability of Pakistan 's security forces to maintain control .
The attacks heightened internal and international pressure on the government to take swift and effective action .
On Thursday , U.S. President Barack Obama approved an additional $ 7.5 billion in assistance to Pakistan over the next five years .
Journalist Nasir Dawar contributed to this report .
All About Pakistan • Taliban Movement of Pakistan
N Korea 's known nuclear programme is based around its Yongbyon plant North Korea has entered the final phase of uranium enrichment , the country 's state media has reported .
" Uranium enrichment tests have been successfully carried out and that process is in the concluding stage , " the North 's KCNA news agency said .
Uranium enrichment would give Pyongyang a second way to make a nuclear bomb - but it also said it was continuing to reprocess and weaponise plutonium .
The UN passed tougher sanctions after a nuclear test by Pyongyang in May .
Both that test and an earlier nuclear test by North Korea in 2006 were understood to have been carried out with plutonium .
The worry is that uranium enrichment is a process that can be easily hidden , and in addition , North Korea has ample natural reserves of the raw material , says the BBC's John Sudworth in South Korea .
Defiance KCNA reported that North Korea 's delegation at the United Nations had written to the UN Security Council , saying Pyongyang was now ready " for both sanctions and dialogue " .
" Reprocessing of spent fuel rods is at its final phase and extracted plutonium is being weaponised , " it said .
Uranium admission : ruse or reality ?
How the nuclear fuel cycle works " If some permanent members of the UN Security Council wish to put sanctions first before dialogue , we would respond with bolstering our nuclear deterrence first before we meet them in a dialogue , " the delegation said .
South Korea 's Foreign Ministry condemned what it calls " threats and provocative acts . "
The United States ' special envoy for North Korea , Stephen Bosworth , said the enrichment claim was " of concern " .
" Obviously , anything that the North is doing in the area of nuclear development is of concern to us , " he said .
North Korea has gone from completely denying that it was enriching uranium just three months ago to admitting processing , says our correspondent .
The statement may seem to be at odds with recent gestures from Pyongyang that many observers saw as an attempt to lower tensions .
But South Korea 's defence minister warned in June that " it is clear " the North was going ahead with plans to enrich uranium .
Lee Sang - hee said an uranium enrichment programme would be far easier to hide than reprocessing plutonium from spent fuel rods , as it can be conducted in a space as small as 600 sq metres ( 6,500 sq feet ) .
North Korea 's plutonium programme is based on the Yongbyon reactor , which is under US satellite observation .
Observers say the US has long suspected the existence of a secret uranium enrichment programme in the North , though experts say it remains little - developed .
Renewed tensions
But recently , the secretive communist nation has made more conciliatory gestures on the world stage .
Two US reporters and a South Korean worker were released from detention and Pyongyang said it was interested in resuming cross - border tourism and industrial projects with the South .
Less than two weeks ago , the first meeting between officials from the North and South for nearly two years took place unexpectedly in the South 's capital , Seoul .
However , the KCNA report indicates the North is unhappy that the UN allowed South Korea to launch a satellite last month , having condemned its own rocket launch in April .
The communique also reiterated Pyongyang 's opposition to continuing the long - running six - party talks , involving the two Koreas , China , Russia , the US and Japan , on the nuclear issue .
" We have never objected to the denuclearisation of the Korean Peninsula and of the world itself , " it said .
" What we objected to is the structure of the six - way talks which had been used to violate outrageously [ North Korea 's ] sovereignty and its right to peaceful development " .
Pyongyang has in the past said it is open to direct talks with the US , but US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said in June that the six - party talk framework was " the appropriate way to engage with North Korea " .
Correspondents said Pyongyang 's latest remarks appeared to seek once again to ratchet up tensions on the Korean peninsula .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Toyota has announced that it is to pull out of Formula 1 with immediate effect .
The Japanese car company revealed its surprise decision in a news conference in Tokyo today following an earlier board meeting .
It said the current economic situation had prompted its departure .
" Toyota Motor Corporation ( TMC ) announces it plans to withdraw from the FIA Formula 1 world championship at the end of the 2009 season , " said a Toyota statement .
" TMC , which had viewed its participation in F1 as contributing to the prosperity of automotive culture , remained dedicated to competing at the pinnacle of motor sports even in the face of the abrupt economic changes that started last year .
" However , when considering TMC 's motorsports actitives next year and beyond from a comprehensive mid-term viewpoint reflecting the current severe economic realities , TMC decided to withdraw from F1 "
There had been doubts about Toyota 's F1 future after the company reported its first ever operating loss in March , and given the departures of fellow manufacturers Honda and BMW .
Toyota had also pulled its Fuji track , which hosted the 2007 and 2008 Japanese Grands Prix , from the calendar , and its customer team Williams decided to end its engine deal a year early .
But Toyota signed the new Concorde Agreement , committing it to the world championship through 2012 , and team boss John Howett was adamant that the squad would be on the grid in 2010 , although there were hints of a reduced budget .
The team had been pressing ahead with 2010 preparations - approaching big name drivers including Kimi Raikkonen and Robert Kubica , and talking of signing impressive stand - in Kamui Kobayashi for next year as recently as last weekend .
Current drivers Jarno Trulli and Timo Glock had already been expected to move on .
" TMC also wants to express its heartfelt gratitude to all Panasonic Toyota Racing drivers to date and to all Toyota Motorsport GmbH employees who have helped make the team 's achievements possible , " said the statement .
" TMC intends to do its best to find a solution for those parties who will be affected by any inconvenience this decision may cause . "
Toyota entered F1 in 2002 , and was tipped to swiftly become a championship challenger given its huge budget and resources .
But it failed to win a race and has just three pole positions , 13 podium finishes , and a best result of fourth in the 2005 constructors ' standings to show for its 139 grands prix .
The departure of Toyota is set to throw the former BMW Sauber team a lifeline , as the Hinwil squad and its new owners had been relying on another team dropping out in order to claim the final spot in next season 's expanded 26 - car entry .
Renault is also holding an extraordinary board meeting to discuss its future plans today .
Although the indications are that the French company is committed to F1 , Toyota 's decision to pull out could give Renault an opportunity to follow suit if it wished .
Toyota added that it would continue to use its F1 experience in " developing exciting production vehicles " and that it would remain involved in motor racing , albeit at a lower level .
" In motorsports , [ Toyota ] will not only race in various categories , but will also actively contribute to further development of motorsports by supporting grassroots races and planning events in which it is easy for people to participate . "
By turning the brain cell activity underlying fly eyesight into mathematical equations , researchers have found an ultra-efficient method for pulling motion patterns from raw visual data .
Though they built the system , the researchers do n't quite understand how it works .
But however mysterious the equations may be , they could still be used to program the vision systems of miniaturized battlefield drones , search - and - rescue robots , automobile navigation systems and other systems where computational power is at a premium .
" We can build a system that works perfectly well , inspired by biology , without having a complete understanding of how the components interact .
It 's a non-linear system , " said David O'Carroll , a computational neuroscientist who studies insect vision at Australia 's University of Adelaide .
" The number of computations involved is quite small .
We can get an answer using tens of thousands of times less floating - point computations than in traditional ways . "
The best - known of these is the Lucas - Kanade method , which calculates yaw — up - and - down , side - to - side motion changes — by comparing , frame by frame , how every pixel in a visual field changes .
It 's used for steering and guidance in many experimental unmanned vehicles , but its brute - force approach requires lots of processing power , making it impractical in smaller systems .
In order to make smaller flying robots , researchers would like to find a simpler way of processing motion .
Inspiration has come from the lowly fly , which uses just a relative handful of neurons to maneuver with extraordinary dexterity .
And for more than a decade , O'Carroll and other researchers researchers have painstakingly studied the optical flight circuits of flies , measuring their cell - by - cell activity and turning evolution 's solutions into a set of computational principles .
In a paper published Friday in Public Library of Science Computational Biology , O'Carroll and fellow University of Adelaide biologist Russell Brinkworth put these methods to the test .
" A laptop computer uses tens of watts of power .
Implementing what we 've developed can be done with chips that consume just a fraction of a milliwatt , " said O'Carroll .
The researchers ' algorithm is composed of a series of five equations through which data from cameras can be run .
Each equation represents tricks used by fly circuits to handle changing levels of brightness , contrast and motion , and their parameters constantly shift in response to input .
Unlike Lucas - Kanade , the algorithm does n't return a frame - by - frame comparison of every last pixel , but emphasizes large - scale patterns of change .
In this sense , it works a bit like video - compression systems that ignore like - colored , unshifting areas .
To test the algorithm , O'Carroll and Brinkworth analyzed animated high - resolution images with a program of the sort that might operate in a robot .
When they compared the results to the inputs , they found that it worked in a range of natural lighting conditions , varying in ways that usually baffle motion detectors .
" It 's amazing work , " said Sean Humbert , a University of Maryland aerospace engineer who builds miniaturized , autonomous flying robots , some of which run on earlier versions of O'Carroll 's algorithm .
" For traditional navigational sensing , you need lots of payload to do the computation .
But the payload on these robots is very small — a gram , a couple of Tic Tacs .
You 're not going to stuff dual - core processors into a couple Tic Tacs .
The algorithms that insects use are very simple compared to the stuff we design , and would scale down to small vehicles . "
Intriguingly , the algorithm does n't work nearly as well if any one operation is omitted .
The sum is greater than the whole , and O'Carroll and Brinkworth do n't know why .
Because the parameters are in constant feedback - driven flux , it produces a cascade of non-linear equations that are difficult to untangle in retrospect , and almost impossible to predict .
" We started with insect vision as an inspiration , and built a model that 's feasible for real - world use , but in doing so , we 've built a system almost as complicated as the insect's , " said O'Carroll .
" That 's one of the fascinating things here .
It does n't necessarily lead us to a complete understanding of how the system works , but to an appreciation that nature got it right . "
The researchers drew their algorithm from neural circuits attuned to side - to - side yaw , but O'Carroll said the same types of equations are probably used in computing other optical flows , such as those produced by moving forward and backwards through three - dimensional space .
" That 's more challenging , " said O'Carroll .
" It may involve a few extra neurons . "
Images : 1 ) Flickr / Tambako the Jaguar .
2 ) PLoS Computational Biology .
See Also :
* Citation : " Robust Models for Optic Flow Coding in Natural Scenes Inspired by Insect Biology . "
By Russell S. A. Brinkworth , David C. O'Carroll .
PLoS Computation Biology , November 6 , 2009 . *
Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and reportorial outtakes ; Wired Science on Twitter .
Brandon is currently working on a book about ecosystem and planetary tipping points .
At the Aspen Institute 's Ideas Festival this past July , Salam Fayyad , acting prime minister of the Palestinian Authority , spoke enthusiastically about the rule of law in a future Palestine .
I asked him whether the same rights would be available to Jewish citizens of a Palestinian state that are available to the over one million Arab citizens of Israel .
Could they enjoy freedom of religion and speech , and be able to vote for real representatives in a real legislature ?
Most importantly , would they be able to sleep at night without worrying that someone might kick down the door and kill them ?
Mr ....
( Washington DC ) - Members of the US House of Representatives should oppose a resolution that calls for the Obama administration to reject scrutiny of Israel and Hamas for laws - of - war violations in the recent Gaza conflict , Human Rights Watch said today .
House Resolution 867 calls on the US president and secretary of state to " oppose unequivocally any endorsement or further consideration of the ‘ Report of the United Nations Fact - Finding Mission on the Gaza Conflict ' in multilateral fora . "
Debate on the non-binding resolution is scheduled for November 3 , 2009 .
The UN Gaza report - known as the Goldstone report after its chief author Justice Richard Goldstone - documents war crimes and possible crimes against humanity by Israel and Hamas during 22 days of fighting in Gaza and southern Israel in December 2008 and January 2009 .
The UN General Assembly is expected to debate a resolution on the report on November 4 .
" The congressional resolution condemning the Goldstone report has factual errors and would help shield from justice the perpetrators of serious abuses - both Israeli and Palestinian , " said Sarah Leah Whitson , Middle East and North Africa director at Human Rights Watch .
" Congress should oppose this rejection of a detailed and balanced report that the Obama administration says deserves attention . "
The US government has strongly criticized the Goldstone report but also said it contains serious allegations that merit domestic investigations by Israel and Hamas .
On October 15 , US Deputy Permanent Representative to the UN in Geneva Douglas M. Griffiths told the UN Human Rights Council that the report " raises important issues and serious allegations . "
He continued :
There have been calls for accountability on all sides of this conflict .
These calls come not just from political leaders in international organizations and government officials , but from husbands , wives , parents and children who live with the pain of losing innocent loved ones to violence and with the threat of imminent danger to their families .
These calls cannot be ignored or deflected .
They must be heard , and they deserve a response .
" Congress should n't undermine the Obama administration 's efforts to encourage credible domestic investigations , " Whitson said .
Human Rights
Watch also called on the Obama administration to articulate its specific criticisms of the Goldstone report .
" US officials should state their specific concerns about the Goldstone report rather than criticize it in general terms , " Whitson said .
" The failure to give details suggests the concerns are more about domestic politics than the facts . "
Co-sponsored by Representatives Ileana Ros-Lehtinen and Howard Berman , the bi-partisan House Resolution 867 contains serious factual errors , Human Rights Watch said .
The resolution , for example , erroneously states that the Goldstone report " makes no mention of the relentless rocket and mortar attacks " by Palestinian armed groups into Israel .
The report documents these unlawful attacks on Israeli civilians , calling them war crimes and possible crimes against humanity .
The resolution condemns the allegedly anti-Israel bias of the fact - finding mission 's mandate , but fails to mention that the working mandate was deliberately expanded to look at both Israel and Hamas .
The resolution claims that Hamas significantly shaped the report 's findings " by selecting and prescreening some of the witnesses . "
Goldstone has adamantly rejected the claim and , to date , no one has provided any evidence that Hamas selected or prescreened witnesses .
The resolution also says that the report " denied the State of Israel the right to self - defense . "
The report does not question Israel 's right to use military force .
It examines whether Israel and Hamas , in resorting to force , conducted military operations in compliance with the laws of armed conflict , which are designed to spare civilians as much as possible the hazards of war .
Human Rights
Watch reiterated its opposition to one - sided UN resolutions and reports that look only at Israel .
But the Goldstone report represents a departure because it looks critically at all parties to the conflict , Human Rights Watch said .
" The Goldstone report presents an opportunity to pursue justice for the victims in Gaza and Israel , " Whitson said .
" Instead of denouncing the report , the US Congress should urge Israel and Hamas to break the cycle of abuse and impunity , which for too long has fueled hatred and hindered efforts at peace . "
The Goldstone report 's findings that both Israel and Hamas committed serious violations of international law in their deliberate and indiscriminate attacks on civilians are corroborated by several human rights organizations that conducted their own investigations in Gaza and Israel , including Human Rights Watch .
Israel and Hamas must now launch credible domestic investigations into the serious allegations in the Goldstone report , Human Rights Watch said .
The US Congress and Obama administration should demand that those investigations take place , not engage in partisan charades that undermine the prospects for justice and an end to abuses .
You own 7,000 records , but all she likes is disco …
What 's the best way to get your children into art without putting them off for life ?
Our critics reveal their own successes and failures
Alexis Petridis on pop
' The Tweenies made me want to drive the car into a lamppost '
Three years ago , not long after my daughter Esme was born , something rather odd happened .
The world at large seemed suddenly obsessed with taking control of children 's taste in music , determining to lure them away from Crazy Frog and the Wiggles , steering them instead towards something adults might enjoy .
A spate of kids '
CDs were released , clearly marketed at parents desperate for an alternative to the Tweenies ' Music
Is Pop - A - Rooney : there was the Belle and Sebastian - curated Colours Are Brighter , They Might Be Giants ' No ! , and the Punk Rock Baby series .
The chill - out duo Lemon Jelly organised a handful of kid-friendly afternoon concerts .
Then came a series of articles by journalists boasting that they never allowed their children to listen to anything that did n't measure up to their own impeccable taste .
One Sunday broadsheet even offered a guide to indoctrinating your toddler in the " classic rock " of Bob Dylan , Van Morrison and the Pogues ( play your cards right and your three - year - old could develop musical tastes every bit as boring as those of your average fiftysomething rock hack ) .
Ours is not the first generation to think that what younger people listen to is drivel ; but we are perhaps the first generation conceited and self - centred enough to think we have to do something about it .
Personally , I 'm a firm believer that it is not a parent 's place to meddle in their offspring 's music taste : you should let them discover music for themselves .
My first musical crush was Adam and the Ants ; but I do n't think I would have fallen in love with them if my dad had come home with a copy of Kings of the Wild Frontier and started lecturing me on its genius .
What made Adam and the Ants special was that I discovered them for myself , in the front room , watching Top of the Pops .
Of course , it was easy to crow about my laissez - faire attitude before Esme started taking an interest in music , which she expressed by screaming until one of her CDs was played on every car journey .
And , as I learned , there is no escaping the fact that most children 's music is awful – badly written , poorly made , infected with an insulting sense of " this 'll do , it 's just for kids " .
Some of it is actively depressing .
You can tell the woman trilling The Grand Old Duke of York to the accompaniment of a cheap synthesizer never thought it would come to this .
Never the world 's most authoritative motorist , repeated exposure to the Tweenies ' Music
Is Pop - A - Rooney while driving began to turn me into a one - man public health hazard .
Clearly , some other kind of music – something that did n't make me want to mount the pavement and pilot the car into a lamppost – would have to be introduced .
The only grown - up music Esme had expressed a liking for was That 's Not My Name by the Ting Tings , rather undercutting the song 's feminist message with her steadfast belief that it was called Sit On My Knee .
So I settled on disco , partly because it functions on two levels ( tunes and glittery fabulousness to entice young ears , but enough emotional complexity to keep adults interested ) ; and partly because it does n't belong in the dreary canon of " classic rock " .
To my initial delight , it worked .
Esme appeared to love Andrea True Connection 's 1976 single More More More , but the record she really alighted on was Sheila and B Devotion 's Spacer , produced by Chic at the height of their mind - boggling powers – although she rather undercut its futuristic sophistication with her steadfast belief that it was called Spencer .
She wanted to listen to it again and again .
And again .
To the exclusion of everything else .
In my enthusiasm , I had underestimated the capacity of a toddler to repeat an activity they enjoy many , many times .
Two months on , and , despite frantic efforts on my part , nothing has supplanted Spencer in Esme 's affection .
I now feel the same about Chic at the height of their mind - boggling powers as I once did about the Tweenies ' Music Is Pop - A - Rooney .
What 's the lesson ?
That I was right all along : do n't meddle in your children 's musical taste , however tempting it seems .
Three great family songs
Tom Gray : Flyaway Katie
That rarest of things : children 's music an adult might enjoy .
Saint Etienne : Up the Wooden Hill
A great track from Saint Etienne 's planned ( but never finished ) children 's album .
Four Tet : Go Go Ninja Dinosaur
From the children 's album Colours Are Brighter , this endearingly off - kilter , hip - hop - inspired cartoon theme is terrific .
Lyn Gardner on theatre
' She was out and into the foyer like greased lightning '
On the night Vanessa Redgrave was born , in 1937 , her father Michael was playing Laertes to Laurence Olivier 's Hamlet at the Old Vic in London .
At the curtain call , Olivier silenced the applause to announce : " Tonight a great actress was born .
Laertes had a daughter . "
Presumably , after that , Vanessa 's destiny was fixed ; there was little chance she would become a midwife or an accountant .
Last weekend , my eldest daughter went off to college to study theatre .
The youngest has just chosen to take GCSE drama .
I 'm slightly taken aback by this burgeoning interest , because I have often mistrusted those dynasties that produce generations of actors or doctors or lawyers , somehow feeling that the act of following in your parents ' footsteps is a failure of the imagination .
Have these people never heard of anthropology , or fishmongering ?
My kids have always been more interested in sport .
While I was going to the theatre , they were playing tennis , riding horses , rowing , learning to cook three - course meals and helping their dad pick the winner in the 3.15 at Kempton Park .
If , as seems likely , at least one of them will end up working in the theatre , I suspect it will be more in spite of my job than because of it .
As my eldest put it recently , quite bluntly : " For years I hated theatre , because it was what took you away from us every night .
You never put us to bed . "
For a long time , I never took them to the theatre with me , either .
Like their contemporaries , they grew up on Postman Pat , Where the Wild Things Are and Teletubbies – not Shakespeare .
( Although I do recall once reading Edward Bond 's Saved , with its famous baby - stoning scene , while feeding the baby one afternoon and feeling slightly guilty . )
Born just before the era when theatre for babies became fashionable , my eldest was three before we ventured into a theatre .
It was not a success .
The stage was bare but for a dustbin .
The show began ; a man dressed as a giant talking cat emerged from the dustbin , and my daughter was out and into the foyer like greased lightning .
We avoided theatre for some time after that ; but then our outings started to increase .
When they were in primary school , Christmas was my favourite time of year , because it was an opportunity to take them with me .
My youngest once saw 15 Christmas shows in a month , quite happily – although I suspect the appeal was time spent with me ( albeit in the dark ) rather than an unhealthy obsession with beanstalks .
I noticed that , presented with the opportunity to see a wide range of theatre , the children took it all in their stride ; unlike adults , they made absolutely no distinction between high and low , between contemporary dance and opera .
They enjoyed pretty much everything , particularly ice - cream at the interval .
But I never forced either of them to come .
By 11 or 12 , my eldest had lost interest .
She did n't want to come , unless it was the Lion King or Sam West was in it .
( She sat gripped through four hours of his Hamlet , despite " not liking " Shakespeare . )
Comedy was her thing , and it was comedy – particularly at the Edinburgh fringe – that brought her back to theatre a few years ago .
At an age when many mothers and teenage daughters find themselves growing apart , I now have a terrific bonus : a daughter who wants to come out with me at every possible opportunity .
She may only be there for the free tickets , but theatre has brought us together in a way I could never have imagined after that first disastrous trip , and I 'll always be grateful .
Regular theatre - going may not produce children that are any more cultured than their peers , but it can do wonders for relationships .
Could it be that the family that goes to plays together , stays together , too ?
Three great family shows
War Horse
Pure poetry – but be ready for tears .
Billy Elliot
They 'll be dancing in their seats .
A good pantomime
Try York Theatre Royal or the Hackney Empire .
Peter Bradshaw on film
' Watch a movie with a five - year - old and it becomes more potent '
Several years ago , I was sprawled on the sofa in the front room , watching a video of a hardcore Asian film whose name now escapes me .
Agonised screams of torture victims rang around the room , together with the dull thunking sound of a machete meeting an unexpectedly tough femur .
My partner entered the room and her pained glance took it all in .
" Is this entirely appropriate ? " she said acidly .
" Well , look , you know , this is my job , " I started whining .
" It 's what I do for a living , I mean . . . "
" No , " she interrupted , pointing at my chest .
" That 's what I mean . "
I looked down and saw there the curled - up , dozing figure of my three - month - old son , Dominic .
Our subsequent debate established , after some acrimony , that he was unable to take anything in , but that I should not mix childcare with watching very violent films – and that I should think hard about how to introduce Dominic to films more generally .
I have never , and would never , sit my five - year - old son down and make him watch a movie with the intention of teaching him what to like .
What a counterproductive business that would be .
I have taken him to the cinema many times , to watch great films like Wall - E , and dodgy ones like Alvin and the Chipmunks , but only in the same spirit that I 've taken him to the pool , the zoo and the Proms .
It certainly would n't have occurred to my own father , a professional photographer , to drum into me who the great photographers were .
But as it happened , he loved the cinema and would sometimes chat about it , casually .
I remember him once cheerfully telling me and my sister , then respectively 12 and 11 , all about the plot of Psycho over the dinner table .
He also told me that Kind Hearts and Coronets was the greatest of the Ealing comedies – and he was absolutely right .
Part of the reason my father loved the film , I think , was the fact that one of Alec Guinness 's characters was Henry D'Ascoyne , a keen photographer , and I never watch the film without thinking of him .
Occasionally , reviewers are invited to bring their children along to special family screenings .
Before I had my son , and for a while afterwards , I rather looked down on this practice , on the grounds that it was a coy abnegation of critical responsibility .
It 's all very well saying that , hey ho , this film is n't for the likes of me , it 's for the kids , so I 'll bring some children and ask them what they think .
That 's a bit wet .
I think the critic has to delve inwards to find his or her own inner child .
But there 's no doubt that watching a film with your child gives you an insight you would n't otherwise get .
When I first saw the Disney / Pixar film Up , I knew that I loved it , and also that I had a very emotional response to it .
The film has a brilliantly composed montage sequence showing a little boy growing into a young man , getting married and then , finally , heart - rendingly , becoming a sad and lonely old widower , who eventually ties thousands of multicoloured helium balloons to his house so that he can fly away .
I cried when I watched it the first time , and felt very nervous about watching it again , in the company of my son : how would he react to the sight of his dad sobbing through a film ?
As it turned out , I need n't have worried .
The 3D glasses hid my swollen eyes .
But Dominic was n't sad at the death of the old lady , not in the way I was – although he seemed to pick up on the general tone of melancholy , chiefly through the sad orchestral score .
He was , however , absolutely terrified at the appearance of a pack of savage dogs halfway through .
Jaded and obtuse grown - up that I was , it had never occurred to me that this scene was really frightening – only dramatic .
Through a scientific gizmo implanted into their collars , these dogs have the ability to talk .
However , their leader , a scary Doberman , experiences a problem with his voice - gizmo and his voice comes out all high - pitched and squeaky .
Only later is his awful , booming drone allowed to be heard .
Before , I had taken this to be a straightforward gag .
Now , I think I can see that it is something else : a way of making sure that children do not freak out too early at the appearance of this horrible hound .
As for the scenes showing people almost falling from houses that have been hoisted up into the air – well , it did n't occur to me to think they were vertiginous and scary , either .
Just funny .
But watch the film with a five - year - old – who takes it all straight , and does n't realise that you can't , in fact , make a house fly up into the air with balloons – and you start picking up on the fear .
This fear started to react , chemically , with the sadness that was still sloshing about in my subconscious ; the film was far more potent , more disquieting second time around .
So it has n't been a question of me teaching Dominic about films .
More him teaching me .
That 's a better arrangement .
Three great family films
ET : The Extra-Terrestrial
A thrilling parable of childlike wonder .
Les Vacances de Monsieur Hulot
Tati 's comedy classic shows the adult 's inner child .
Spirited Away
A handcrafted animation that speaks to children 's vulnerability .
Judith Mackrell on dance
' As the dancer stepped out , my son piped up : " Not him again ! " '
Today 's dance companies have wised up to the demand for child - friendly performances .
The English National Ballet now offers a cute introduction to tutus and pointe shoes in their Angelina Ballerina adaptations , while choreographers Will Tuckett , Arthur Pita and Liv Lorent are experimenting with forms of family dance that do n't require an interest in Darcey Bussell .
But when my two teenage boys ( now 19 and 16 ) were very small , there was not much to take them to , beyond the annual Christmas Nutcracker .
Promises of ice - cream saw us through a couple of early performances , but that soon did n't cut it .
I knew it was a hopeless case when , after enjoying the marauding mice in the opening act , Fred , the eldest , began to fidget through the pure dance numbers .
Our prince that evening was the Japanese virtuoso Teddy Kumakawa .
As he stepped out of the wings for his final variation , my boy 's protest was pipingly audible : " Oh no , not him again ! "
It 's lovely if your kids share your passions .
But it 's not something you can force , and , given all the other areas in which parents are required to be tyrants – schoolwork , teeth - cleaning , table manners – I decided I did n't want dance to be part of that battle .
As my boys got older , it was obvious what they enjoyed and what they did n't .
And while I believed it was important for them to stay open to new experiences – including the occasional dance performance – I only suggested shows that chimed with what they cared about .
Fred loved the movies , for instance , and particularly the films of Tim Burton , so my kudos as a mother was never higher than when I took him to the first night of Matthew Bourne 's adaptation of Edward Scissorhands – attended by Burton himself .
The hip - hop boom also proved popular ; music generally has tempted both boys to an unexpected variety of performance .
From Merce Cunningham 's use of Radiohead to Anne Teresa de Keersmaeker 's concert of Steve Reich dances and Michael Clark 's homage to David Bowie , Iggy Pop and Lou Reed , there have been several quite rarefied dance events to which they 've asked to come , largely because they 've wanted to hear the scores .
I do n't think either of them would now come to a dance show for the choreographic content alone .
But I can chat to them about what I 've seen without being greeted with blank stares .
All the performances we 've seen together have somehow settled into the general compost of family life .
Great family dance theatre
Hip - hop shows
They have the music as well as the moves ; also , they cut across the boy / girl divide and appeal to most ages .
Will Tuckett 's family - oriented repertory A winning mix of dance puppetry and theatre , reinventing familiar fairytales .
Sampled
Sadler 's Wells 's annual taster programme offers bite - size chunks of classical ballet , flamenco , and all shades of contemporary dance .
Jonathan Jones on art
' I let her touch the sculptures .
What harm can baby hands do ?'
The other day , my four - year - old daughter told me with a grin : " I 'm chopping the fish . "
She had a toy knife and a plastic bowl .
Inside the bowl was a jigsaw piece with the word " fish " on it .
Kids , eh – teach them to read and they think they 're René Magritte .
Primavera 's love of clowning is certainly fed by a precocious knowledge of art .
On her first day at nursery last year , she was shown a painting of flowers .
Asked what it was , she replied : " Sunflowers by Vincent van Gogh . "
She was right – it was , but I think she was just meant to say " flowers " .
In Jean - Luc Godard 's film Bande à Part , there is a scene where the heroes run through the Louvre , past the history paintings of David and Géricault .
I 've got used to running through museums in the same way .
The Elgin Marbles gallery in the British Museum is my daughter 's personal racetrack ( we live nearby ) and one day I hope to be able to stop and look at the frieze .
But she learns on the hoof .
Ask her what those half - horse monsters carved into the marble are and she 'll tell you they are centaurs .
I love two things in this world , art and my family , so of course the two come together in all sorts of ways .
We visit galleries a lot , and Primavera knows – increasingly – that I write about art and that it may therefore be a way of getting my attention .
This summer , she strode around the Uffizi gallery in Florence announcing herself as Primavera , the most important modern artist in the world .
But I definitely do n't have aspirations to turn her into an art critic or an artist .
The wonderful thing about being four is that all the world , all possibilities , are waiting .
Who knows where this will lead ?
What I do believe in is education , and that museums are great places to nurture minds of all ages .
This discovery is scarcely unique to me ; Britain 's museums are full of families .
But I have learned a couple of things that might help .
One is that adults who are bored by museums will communicate that boredom .
Her parents both love museums , so the enthusiasm is infectious ; she knows we are at our best there .
Another thing is to break the rules , or at least bend them .
When she was a baby I let her touch the sculptures , surreptitiously .
What harm can baby hands do ?
Now we play and yell in galleries , occasionally reprimanded by a humourless guard .
Would they rather I sat her at home in front of CBeebies ?
Our favourite museum is the one with the dinosaurs , of course , and the richness of the Natural History museum is magical .
But art creeps in even there .
Once we were playing in its Investigate room and Primavera organised some butterflies into a Hirst - like installation .
" It 's modern art ! " commented a supervisor .
Well , she says she 's the most important modern artist in the world : what did they expect ?
Great family artworks
British Museum
The perfect place for a baby to discover world art .
And the mummies ensure the interest of older children .
George Stubbs 's Whistlejacket
The rearing majesty of Stubbs 's horse , at the National Gallery , appealed to my daughter straight away .
Jackson Pollock drip paintings
It may seem risky to introduce babies to abstract art , but drip painting does give them art ideas .
Very messy art ideas …
In a letter they will send to Senate Banking Committee Chairman Christopher Dodd this afternoon , Reps. Ron Paul ( R. , Tex . ) and Alan Grayson ( D. , Fla . ) will ask that the Senate hold off on Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke ’s confirmation hearing until the central bank releases more information about its rescues .
( Read the full letter . )
It is up to the Senate and not the House to confirm the Fed chairman , and the congressmen ’s letter might not carry much weight in the neighboring chamber .
Still , it is a sign of the potentially hostile environment Mr. Bernanke could face when he returns to Congress in the weeks ahead to defend his policies in confirmation hearings .
Mr. Paul has won broad support in the House for a bill that would subject the Fed to audits by Congress ’s Government Accountability Office .
The lawmakers offer a long list of disclosure demands , including a call for more information on which financial firms have received emergency Fed loans in the past year and transcripts of Federal Open Market Committee meetings up to June 2009 .
Transcripts are released with a five year league .
The Fed has resisted calls for information about firms receiving its loans for fear it will stigmatize them in markets and make them and others reluctant to turn to the central bank in a time of crisis .
Both congressmen have been sharp critics of the Fed .
“ We are writing to ask you postpone the confirmation of Ben Bernanke until the Federal Reserve releases documentation that will allow the public and the Senate to have a full understanding of the commitments that the Federal Reserve has made on our behalf , ” the letter says .
Senate confirmation hearings have n’t been scheduled yet .
The Fed declined to comment .
Dear Cecil : I 've often heard people say " the camera adds ten pounds " when they 're photographed .
Is that just an excuse or is there any truth to it ?
Emma
Cecil replies :
No question there ’s an element of denial here .
Since you ’re not looking at yourself most of the time , it ’s easy to maintain a self - image reflecting the svelte physique you had ten years ago , as opposed to the corpulent wreck you ’ve become .
But that ’s not the whole story .
For reasons having to do with optics and the way your brain works , the camera can in fact make you look heavier than you are .
The main difference between a camera ’s view of the world and yours is that the camera has a single “ eye ” whereas you have two .
That subtly changes the way things look .
Here ’s an experiment .
Pose a round object in front of a varied background — a coffee cup in front of the computer monitor worked well enough for me .
From a distance of two or three feet , look at the object alternately with both eyes , then one .
You ’ll notice that , seen with one eye , the object looms larger in your field of vision , and obscures more of what ’s behind it .
It seems bigger and bulgier .
In other words , it looks fat .
To find out why , look at the object first with your right eye , then your left .
Notice the familiar shift in perspective known as parallax — background features hidden from one eye can be seen by the other .
When you look at the object with both eyes , the brain blends the two views together .
You see more of what ’s behind the object , making it seem smaller .
Result : binocular vision is slimming , monocular the opposite .
There are ways to compensate for the fattening effect of the camera .
One is to use a telephoto lens when shooting portraits .
Step back from the subject and zoom in — parallax , and thus the addition of pounds , diminishes with distance .
( I knew a photographer who swore by the rule “ Never use a lens whose focal length , in millimeters , is less than the weight of the woman . ”
Sexist thought ?
No doubt .
Just saying it ’s a guideline you might want to keep in mind . )
If you do n’t have a telephoto lens but you do have digital photo - editing software , you can still step back when taking portraits and crop out the extra background later on the computer .
If you ’re on the other side of the camera , here ’s some advice : watch out for amateur photographers who feel they need to have the subject fill the frame .
They ’ll tend to take portraits from three feet away , making it appear that your face has been painted on a balloon .
You say you ’ve figured out how to compensate for the ten pounds added by the camera , but your subject is 20 pounds overweight ?
Still not a problem .
There are other ways to make people look slimmer :
“ Short lighting ” can make a broad face look thinner .
The subject turns one side of his or her face toward the camera and the photographer shines a studio light on the other side .
Bright lighting on only half the face tends to elongate it .
Dress your subject in black and put him against a dark background , thereby concealing excessive circumference .
Have the subject turn at an angle to the camera , creating a narrower silhouette .
Let ’s not forget those vertical stripes .
Get Mister Chubs to lay off the chimichangas .
Not a terribly practical hint on the day of the photo shoot , but in the long run more likely to do him some good .
Dear Cecil :
How much nutrition do you get from eating corn ?
I know the day after I eat corn , what appear to be full kernels are released back into the wild .
Does everyone have this condition ?
— Just Being Corny , Reno
Cecil replies :
It ’s not just you , my friend .
A lot of us have had occasion to think , as one thinks of certain relationships : corn is just passing through .
A corn kernel has a tough outer hull that ’s about 90 percent crude fiber and none too digestible .
However , the human body ’s capabilities include an amazing process that enables us to get the most out of stubborn foods .
It ’s called chewing .
Thus exposed , the inside of the kernel is loaded with nutritionally useful stuff — starch , sugar , protein , and oil .
Think of the hull as a wrapper around a natural candy bar .
Even if you do n’t chew it enough , corn probably still does you some good .
My assistant Una calculates that at most 10 percent of corn ’s bulk is truly indigestible .
We ’re assuming , of course , that your digestive juices manage to breach the hull , and I ’m sure not going to say they do n’t .
To be on the safe side , though , listen to Unca Cecil : sit up straight , get lots of fresh air , and chew your food .
Cecil Adams
Send questions to Cecil via cecil@straightdope.com .
Stone Age satnav : Did ancient man use 5,000 - year - old travel chart to navigate across Britain
It 's considered to be one of the more recent innovations to help the hapless traveller .
But the satnav system may not be as modern as we think .
According to a new theory , prehistoric man navigated his way across England using a similar system based on stone circles and other markers .
Connected by triangles : Some of the sites created by Stone Age man ( below )
The complex network of stones , hill forts and earthworks allowed travellers to trek hundreds of miles with ' pinpoint accuracy ' more than 5,000 years ago , amateur historian Tom Brooks says .
The grid covered much of southern England
and Wales and included landmarks such as Stonehenge and Silbury Hill , claims Mr Brooks , a retired marketing executive of Honiton , Devon .
He analysed 1,500 prehistoric sites in England and Wales and was able to connect all of them to at least two other sites using isosceles triangles - these are triangles with two sides the same length .
This , he says , is proof that the landmarks were deliberately created as navigational aides .
Many were built within sight of each other and provided a simple way to get from A to B .
For more complex journeys , they would have broken up the route into a series of easy to navigate steps .
Anyone starting at Silbury Hill in Wiltshire , for instance , could have used the grid to get to Lanyon Quoit in Cornwall without a map .
Mr Brooks added : ' The sides of some of the triangles are over 100 miles across , yet the distances are accurate to within 100 metres .
You can not do that by chance .
One of the monuments was on Silbury Hill , Wiltshire .
It was part of a giant geometric grid used for navigating
' So advanced , sophisticated and accurate is the geometrical surveying now discovered , that we must review fundamentally the perception of our Stone Age forebears as primitive , or conclude that they received some form of external guidance . '
On the question of ' external guidance ' , he does not rule out extraterrestrial help .
For more on the Chinese Revolution , click HERE .
By Graham Milner
The revolution that brought the Chinese Communist Party ( CCP ) to power in 1949 marked the second great breach , after the Russian Revolution of October 1917 , in the 20th century imperialist world order , and initiated a process that was to remove from the capitalist orbit the most populous nation in the world , containing over a quarter of its population .
[ 1 ]
The revolution of 1949 aroused vast expectations not only among China 's popular masses , but also among the peoples of the Third World as a whole , and indeed among the socialist - minded everywhere .
[ 2 ]
However , by the end of the 20th century , communism had been overturned in Eastern Europe and the USSR , while in China a largely discredited , authoritarian , Stalinist regime had virtually abandoned anything more than a nominal adherence to socialist ideals .
So what went wrong ?
In China , one of the central events that occurred between the 1949 revolution and the crushing of the movement for socialist democracy in 1989 was the experience of the ``Great Proletarian Cultural Revolution ' ' .
This volcanic event lasted from 1966 - 1976 ( ending only with the death of Mao Zedong and the fall of the ``Gang of Four ' ' ) , but the period of greatest upheaval was concentrated between 1966 and 1969 .
C.L. Chiou , in his reasonably balanced analysis of the Cultural Revolution published in the mid-1970s , [ 3 ] divides the schools of intepretation of it into three : one holding that the event marked a crisis in legitimacy of the regime similar to those prefiguring the ``end of a dynasty '' in Chinese history ; a second defining the events as a conscious policy move on Mao 's part , and over which Mao exercised control throughout ; and the third ( to which Chiou himself subscribes ) in which Mao is seen as only partly in control , not acting in accordance with a preordained plan , but not the victim of a crisis situation either . [ 4 ]
Power struggle
The Cultural Revolution can perhaps best be understood not so much in terms of the ideological labels used by the Mao faction during the course of the struggle , but more in terms of a fairly ruthless power struggle between Mao's group in the party and the army on the one hand , and his more conservative opponents on the other -- leading figures among whom , such as Liu Shao-chi and Deng Xiaping , were ousted from their positions .
Looking back on the literature of the time , it is interesting to note that the lexicon of the Mao faction , and the Maoist regime 's conceptual understanding of what the struggle was about , was taken over , often more or less uncritically , by Western observers situated on the left politically .
Fred Halliday , an editor of the London - based New Left Review , saw no problem in drawing a parallel between Mao's ``Red Guards '' and the revolutionary May 4th student movement of 1919 .
[ 5 ]
The US Monthly Review editors , while not uncritical of the Cultural Revolution , nevertheless endorsed it as a legitimate fight against bureaucratic degeneration , a view rejected by their US Trotskyist critics . [ 6 ]
Some left - liberal commentators , such as the Committee of Concerned Asian Scholars , accepted in essence the claims of the Chinese regime that the Cultural Revolution was primarily an exercise in shifting the ``ideological - cultural superstructure '' more in line with the ``socio- economic base ' ' , in accordance with Mao 's notion , expressed in the 1950s , that the class struggle should continue to be sharply prosecuted in the transitional period between capitalism and socialism . [ 7 ]
Some conservative observers have attempted to explain these remarkable events , which brought China to the brink of civil war , in psychological terms .
Robert Jay Lifton 's studies have focused on the methods of ``thought control '' , or ``brainwashing ' ' , in China -- familiar notions from Cold War discourse .
The phenomena considered in the Cultural Revolution are linked with the various earlier Maoist ``rectification campaigns ' ' . [ 8 ]
Lifton 's book Revolutionary Immortality , while it is psychologistic in approach , could be making a valid point concerning Mao 's desire to guarantee the future of the revolution after his death , by bringing forth a new revolutionary generation through the Cultural Revolution . [ 9 ]
Leslie Marchant 's idea that Chinese communism is a millenarian , eschatological movement and ideology , similar to earlier chiliastic religious movements , [ 10 ] is not a helpful tool in understanding the Cultural Revolution , or very much else about revolutionary China .
One is always tempted , when confronted with these type of arguments , to ask : should not conservatism be defined in similar terms as an ``eschatology of the present '' ?
Alongside and often in opposition to the above outlined perspectives is an unalloyed revolutionary Marxist tradition of writing and scholarship on the Cultural Revolution , going back in some cases to the 1960s .
Isaac Deutscher saw the essential parallel of Mao's campaign not in the Proletkult of the 1920s in Russia , but with Zhdanov 's and Stalin 's cultural repression of the late 1940s . [ 11 ]
Peng Shu-tse , a founder of the Chinese Communist Party who became an important leader of the Trotskyist current in China , and who went into exile after 1949 , wrote superb analytical commentaries on Chinese politics -- articles that often appeared in obscure journals . [ 12 ]
More recently , Charlie Hore , a British socialist , has produced a fine overview of China 's history in the 20th century which consistently argues the case for a revolutionary Marxist standpoint , as against the Stalinist and other non-Marxist orthodoxies that have distorted the picture . [ 13 ]
Young people
Young people have always been of importance in movements for revolutionary social and political change .
Post - World War II demographics have made youth , in China as elsewhere , of growing significance as a sector of the population . [ 14 ]
The international communist movement had , from its earliest history , placed stress on the creation of strong youth organisations , [ 15 ] and the Chinese Communist Party after 1949 mainitained a large and extensive Young Communist League for people ageed 15 - 25 .
Before 1966 , the YCL incorporated a sizeable proportion of China 's youth , with up to 35 million members . [ 16 ]
The YCL was to be eclipsed during the Cultural Revolution by the Red Guards , mobilised from among China 's youth by the Mao faction . [ 17 ]
Education in China , in the period before the Cultural Revolution , has been described as reflecting a fundamentally ``bourgeois '' ethos , [ 18 ] with a tendency for university education in particular to be dominated by students from non-proletarian or non-lower - peasant backgrounds , i.e. by the sons and daughters of CCP functionaries or of the middle class .
Ronald Price has pointed out that virtually any system of university selection would tend to favour the children of educated parents . [ 19 ]
But if Chinese schools and universities were ``academically stultifying '' before the depredations of the Red Guards , as Luckin maintains , [ 20 ] then it is hard to see how these institutions ' ceasing to function altogether , as was often the case between 1966 - 1969 , [ 21 ] could have improved the situation .
Freedom of thought and of adademic inquiry , always defended and promoted by genuine Marxists , [ 22 ] were certainly never on the agenda during the Cultural Revolution .
Nothing illustrates the character of the Cultural Revolution , and its impact on the education system of China , more clearly than the fact that the education ministry was abolished in 1966 , and not reopened until 1975 . [ 23 ]
The rationale of Mao's program was rooted supposedly in the notion that ``bourgeois intellectuals ' ' would be re-educated through physical labour , and that young people in the urban areas would be integrated with the rural peasant population . [ 24 ]
To facilitate the latter project , it is estimated that 12 million or more youth were transferred to rural China during the Cultural Revolution . [ 25 ]
This program has been seriously assessed as having been a developmental and educational strategy for Third World countries ! [ 26 ]
Other such uncritical works , reflecting the influence of Maoist ideology , have also taken seriously the regime 's claims concerning education strategy . [ 27 ]
Critics have , more realistically , seen the hand of a ruling party bureaucracy behind the rhetoric of the ``mass line ' ' , [ 28 ] while some Soviet observers for example pointed out the obvious contradiction between Lenin 's real views on ``cultural revolution '' on the one hand , and the destructive impact of Maoist nostrums on China 's educational infrastructure , on the other . [ 29 ]
The low quality of Mao's Marxism has been remarked upon , [ 30 ] and the poverty of much of the ideology generated by the Cultural Revolution is clear from the literature circulated during its course . [ 31 ]
The psychological effects of the Cultural Revolution on China 's youth may best be discerned from a survey of the often excellent and revealing memoir literature that has come out of China , particularly since the 1980s . [ 32 ]
Some of these works , such as Jung Chang 's Wild Swans , have become bestsellers in the West .
The clearest message emerging from this literature is one of disorientation and disillusionment , and this theme contradicts the claim made by Wilfred Burchett and Rewi Alley that the ``Cultural Revolution did much to restore the confidence of young people in themselves ' ' . [ 33 ]
Accounts of Red Guard activity , including factional fighting , while they may reflect the initial euphoria felt by secondary and university students at being freed from formal study and being allowed free travel and accomodation , usually end with disappointed hopes and a sense of betrayal . [ 34 ]
Those young people whose family members suffered during the crisis , and who were often torn in loyalty between parents and party authorities , were often very bitter about their experiences . [ 35 ]
``Class labelling '' among the young , even involving pre-school children , and the immense psychological damage this must have done , was one of the more insidious features of the Cultural Revolution . [ 36 ]
The Confucian family tradition seems to have been fused with crudely conceived class critiria to damn whole groups of so - called ``black '' or ``bad - class '' categories . [ 37 ]
The real purpose behind this push , as has been pointed out above , was primarily the promotion of the interests of the Mao faction in its struggle against opponent groups in the bureaucratic ruling stratum in China .
The misdirection of youth by Mao's faction , and the cynical misuse of the idealism of an entire generation of the young in China , had devastating consequences on the psychological wellbeing of these young people , as well as on the political prospects of socialism .
Of the many students who were sent out to the countryside to perform menial tasks , thousands were still there in the 1980s , ``abandoned by their radical patrons at the top ' ' . [ 38 ]
The massive scale of the disillusionment among China 's youth , caused by their negative experiences during the Cultural Revolution , underlines the fundamental responsibility of the regime for the spreading mood of cynicism about socialism and politics in general among that generation . [ 39 ]
The struggle for democratic freedoms in the Chinese People 's Republic that was crushed in the Tienanmen Square massacre of 1989 , a movement led by a fresh generation of student and worker youth , should have led to the flowering of socialist democracy , but socialism itself was further discredited as the grip of the Stalinist police state in China fastened anew on the populace , young and old . [ 40 ]
The future of socialism in China surely lies with the rediscovery of the lost tradition of revolutionary socialism ; a tradition buried with the defeat of the Second Revolution of 1925 - 27 , but which emerged again with the student - worker upsurge of 1989 . [ 41 ]
A future generation of youth in China , determined to build a humane , socially just and democratic future for their country , will hopefully find the path to genuine Marxist socialism . [ 42 ]
[ This essay dates from 2002 .
In my opinion , the Cultural Revolution retains its significance as a defining episode in China 's 20th century history , and it strikes me as useful to review the general background of this event , and to focus in particular on the issue of youth .
Many revolutionary socialists in the West , including myself , come from a background in student politics , and it is worthwhile drawing attention to the connections that were made by the Western student left at the time of the Cultural Revolution in China .
I admit myself to purchasing a copy in 1970 of the Little Red Book of Mao's ``Thoughts '' at a bookshop in the city where I live , and brandishing it as an act of defiance during a school assembly at which the Gideons were distributing their free copies of the New Testament and Psalms .
Some of the sources mentioned make it plain that significant layers of the student left in the West in the 1960s and early 1970s saw the ``Red Guards ' ' as an authentic expression of student protest against authority .
I have tried to demonstrate from the sources that this in fact was not so , and that the youth were largely being manipulated for the purposes of intra-bureaucratic faction fighting within the party - state hierarchy .
( Graham Milner is a member of the Socialist Alliance in Australia . ) ]
Notes
1 . For a good discussion of the Chinese Revolution and its context in world politics see Nahuel Moreno , `` The Chinese and Indochinese Revolutions ' ' , in Ernest Mandel ( ed. ) , 50 Years of World Revolution ( New York , 1968 ) pp. 146-81 .
2. China Shakes the World ( Harmondsworth , 1973 ; original ed. , 1949 ) , US journalist Jack Belden 's inspiring account of communist advance during the revolutionary civil war in the late 1940s , aroused enthusiasm for the Chinese Revolution around the world .
Earlier in the century , John Reed 's classic account of the October Revolution , Ten Days that Shook the World had aroused similar enthusiasm .
3. Maoism in Action : The Cultural Revolution ( Brisbane , 1974 ) .
4. Ibid. , pp.3-12 .
5. Students of the World Unite , Alexander Cockburn and Robin Blackburn ( eds. ) , Student Power : Problems , Diagnosis , Action ( Harmondsworth , 1969 ) p. 303 .
See also the upbeat assessment of the student movement during the Cultural Revolution by Bill Luckin , " Students and the Chinese Cultural Revolution " , in Tariq Ali ( ed. ) , The New Revolutionaries : A Handbook of the International Radical Left ( New York , 1969 ) , pp. 115-30 .
6. See George Novack and Joseph Hansen , " The Upheaval in China : An Analysis of the Contending Forces " , Peng Shu-tse , et al. , Behind China 's Great Cultural Revolution ( New York , 1967 ) , pp. 42-63 .
7. See Committee of Concerned Asian Scholars , China !
Inside the People 's Republic ( New York , 1972 ) chapter 3 .
Mao's speech " On the Correct Handling of Contradictions Among the People " , in K. Fan ( ed. ) , Mao Tse-tung and Lin Piao : Post - Revolutionary Writings ( New York , 1972 ) , pp. 151-96 , delivered shortly after the Hungarian events of 1956 , is a good guide to Mao 's thinking on post - revolutionary society .
8. Thought Reform and the Psychology of Totalism : A Study of " Brainwashing " in China ( New York , 1961 ) and Revolutionary Immortality : Mao Tse-tung and the Chinese Cultural Revolution ( London , 1968 ) .
9. Ibid .
10 . The Turbulent Giant : Communist Theory and Practice in China ( Sydney , 1975 ) .
11 . " The Great Cultural Revolution " , in Russia , China and the West 1953 - 1966 ( Harmondsworth , 1970 ) , p. 334 .
12 . See the documents collected in The Chinese Communist Party in Power ( New York , 1980 ) .
Livio Maitain , another Fourth Internationalist , wrote an important book on the Chinese Cultural Revolution , Party , Army and Masses in China : A Marxist Interpretation of the Cultural Revolution and its Aftermath ( London , 1976 ) .
13 . The Road to Tienanmen Square ( London , 1991 ) .
14 .
For a superb Marxist analysis of youth politics in the 1960s see the document adopted at the 1969 World Congress of the Fourth International : " A Strategy for Revolutionary Youth " , in Leon Trotsky , The Transitional Program for Socialist Revolution ( New York , 3rd ed. , 1977 ) , appendix 2 , pp. 221-46 .
15 . See E.H. Carr , Socialism in One Country 1924 - 26 , vol. 3 ( Harmondsworth , 1972 ) part 5 , chapter 45 , " The Communist Youth International " .
Lenin 's views are expressed in " The Tasks of the Youth Leagues " , in V.I. Lenin , On Youth ( Moscow , 1970 ) , pp. 235-52 .
16 . John Israel , " The Red Guards in Historical Perspective : Continuity and Change in the Chinese Youth Movement " , China Quarterly 30 ( April - June 1967 ) pp. 1 - 2 .
17 . See Adrian Hsia , The Chinese Cultural Revolution ( New York , 1972 ) , pp. 150-2 .
18 . Stephen Castles and Wiebke Wustenberg , The Education of the Future : An Introduction to the Theory and Practice of Socialist Education ( London , 1979 ) , p. 108 .
This situation is seen as contradicting the Yenan ethos of pre-revolutionary Chinese communism , an ethos also believed to be evident during the Great Leap Forward of the late 1950s ; pp. 112-13 .
Han Suyin sees the Cultural Revolution as a recrudescence of the earlier rectification campaign of 1942 - 44 : see China in the Year 2001 ( Harmondsworth , 1970 ) , p. 126 .
19 . Marx and Education in Russia and China ( London , 1979 ) , p. 100 .
20 . Students and the Chinese Cultural Revolution , p. 129 .
21 . Castles and Wustenberg , The Education of the Future , p. 116 .
Some universities did not reopen until 1970 or later .
22 . See George Novack 's eloquent essay " Freedom for Philosophy " , in Polemics in Marxist Philosophy ( New York , 1978 ) , pp. 39 - 58 .
23 . Castles and Wustenberg , The Education of the Future , pp. 121-22 .
24 . Ibid. , p.120 .
See also the item from the Chinese press dating from the early 1970s ``Up to the Mountain and Down to the Countryside : Educated Youth in the Communes ' ' , in Mark Slden ( ed. ) , The People 's Republic of China : A Documentary History of Revolutionary China ( New York , 1979 ) , pp. 633-38 .
25 . Thomas Bernstein , Up to the Mountains and Down to the Village : the Transfer of Youth from Urban to Rural China ( New Haven , Conn. , 1977 ) , p. 32 .
26 . Ibid. , chapter 7 .
27 . See , for example , Ruth Gamberg , Red and Expert : Education in the People 's Republic of China ( New York , 1977 ) and William Hinton , Hundred Day War : The Cultural Revolution at Tsinghua University ( New York , 1972 ) .
28 . Castles and Wustenberg , The Education of the Future , p. 137 .
29 . F.V. Konstantinov , et al. ( eds. ) , A Critique of Mao Tse - tung 's Theoretical Conceptions ( Moscow , 1972 ) , chapter 7 .
30 . See Leszek Kolakowski , Main Currents of Marxism , vol .
3 " The Breakdown "
( Oxford , 1981 ) , pp. 494-522 .
31 . The three articles by Mao most commonly cited during the Cultural Revolution : ``Serve the People ' ' , `` The foolish Old Man Who removed the Mountain ' ' and ``In Memory of Norman Bethune ' ' are simple injunctions to unselfish devotion to the cause .
The Quotations from Chairman Mao Tse-tung ( the Little Red Book ) , brandished by Mao 's supporters , consisted mainly of bland and banal aphorisms .
32 . See Gordon A. Bennett and Ronald N. Montaperto , Red Guard : The Political Biography of Dai Hsiao - Ai ( New York , 1971 ) ; Jung Chang , Wild Swans : Three Daughters of China ( London , 1993 ) ; Gao Juan , Born Red ; A Chronicle of the Cultural Revolution ( Stanford , Cal. , 1987 ) ; Liang Heng and Judith Shapiro , Son of the Revolution ( New York , 1984 ) ; Li Lu , Moving the Mountain : from the Cultural Revolution to Tienanmen Square ( London , 1990 ) and Chihua Wen , The Red Mirror : Children of China 's Cultural Revolution ( Boulder , Col. , 1995 ) , a selection of accounts by children of intellectuals .
For the experience of members of the intelligentsia during this period see Yang Jiang , Lost in the Crowd : A Cultural Revolution Memoir ( Melbourne , 1989 ) .
33 . China : The Quality of Life ( Harmondsworth , 1976 ) , p. 311 .
34 . On the Red Guards and factionalism , see Anita Chen et al. , " Students and Class Warfare : the Social Roots of the Red Guard Conflict in Guangshou ( Canton ) " , China Quarterly 83 ( September 1980 ) , pp. 397-446 .
Good accounts of Red Guard involvement , and the disillusionment it induced , include Bennett and Montaperto , Red Guard ; Jung Chang , Wild Swans , chapters16 - 18 and Heng and Shapiro , Son of the Revolution .
35 . See the accounts in Chihua Wen , The Red Mirror .
The author of the piece " Prisoners and Warders " , whose mother was driven to an early death during the Cultural Revolution , concluded by remarking , of the CCP : ``I will never forgive them ' ' , p. 41 .
36 . See Li Lu's account of political indoctrination and ``class labelling '' in kindergarten in Moving the Mountain , chapter 1 .
37 .
For a good discussion of the issues , see Anita Chen , " Images of China 's Social Structure : The Changing Perspectives of Canton Students " , World Politics 34 , No. 3 ( April 1982 ) , pp. 295-323 .
Compare Chen 's view with Israel , The Red Guards in Historical Perspective , p. 5 , where the legitimacy of working - class concerns about educational access and equality is taken into consideration .
38 . William Joseph , " Forward " , p. xxvii , in Gao , Born Red .
39 . See Wen , The Red Mirror , p.169 .
See also Red China Blues : My Long March from Mao to Now ( Sydney , 1997 ) in which Jan Wong records her experiences in China in the early 1970s : her own disillusionment with Maoist politics is matched by that of the surrounding society .
40 .
On the 1989 events , see Doug Lorimer , " China 's Struggle for Socialist Democracy " , Socialist Worker ( Sydney ) vol .
4 , no. 3 ( September 1989 ) , pp. 4 - 9 .
41 . On the second Chinese Revolution see Harold Isaacs , The Tragedy of the Chinese Revolution ( Stanford , Cal. , 1962 ) .
On the revolutionary tradition in China in the 20th century as a whole , see Hore , The Road to Tienanmen Square .
42 . On Maoism 's relationship to Stalinism see Tom Kerry , The Mao Myth and the Legacy of Stalinism in China ( New York , 1977 ) ; Les Evans , China After Mao ( New York , 1978 ) ; and Nigel Harris , The Mandate of Heaven : Marx and Mao in Modern China ( London , 1978 ) .
In the weeks leading to the Canadian Radio - television and Telecommunications Commission hearing on broadcasting licences , Canadians were inundated with splashy advertising campaigns claiming that new fees for local signals were either a TV tax or would save local television .
With all of the major broadcasters and cable companies appearing before the commission , the fee - for - carriage ( or value - for - signal ) issue unsurprisingly took centre stage at last week 's hearing .
Local TV News : Who Should Pay ?
read more
Announcements , Events & more from Tyee and select partners Hurrah !
Tyee Reporter Katie Hyslop Celebrates 10 - Year Tyeeversary
She ’s covered education , youth and housing issues for a decade now , and we ’re lucky to have her .
Yet those convinced that the broadcaster plan was limited to a new fee were in for a rude awakening .
Fee - for - carriage is only part of the story , as broadcasters are also seeking to block U.S. signals , leave some Canadian communities without over - the - air television , and delay the transition to digital television transmission until 2013 .
The prospect of blocking U.S. television signals will come as a shock to many , but both CTV and Canwest , Canada 's two largest private broadcasters , have asked the CRTC to establish a new program deletion policy .
For many years , Canadian broadcasters have benefited from simultaneous substitution , which allows them to air U.S. programs at the same time as U.S. broadcasters but to substitute their broadcast ( complete with advertisements ) on both channels .
That policy is the reason programs such as House or Desperate Housewives air simultaneously in the U.S. and Canada , creating an important commercial advantage for Canadian broadcasters .
The broadcasters now wish to expand the simultaneous substitution policy with program deletion .
It would provide that when a Canadian broadcaster purchases the rights to a U.S. program , they would have the right to air it whenever they choose within a seven - day window .
The hook is cable and satellite companies would be required to block the U.S. broadcast of the same program if it did not air simultaneously .
Mom , why is the screen blank ?
The proposal , which would lead to millions of Canadians regularly encountering blank screens instead of expected programs , would perversely increase the attractiveness of U.S. programming .
Moreover , given the increasing expectation of on - demand program viewing , it seemingly would send more Canadians away from broadcast television to the Internet where there are no blackout messages and most programs are readily available in both legal and illegal forms .
The broadcasters also confirmed some Canadian communities will lose their over - the - air signal as part of the transition from analog to digital .
For decades , Canadian broadcasters have used spectrum to transmit over - the - air analog broadcast signals ; estimates indicate ten per cent of Canadians still rely on over - the - air TV signals .
The shift to digital transmission brings several advantages including better image and sound quality and more efficient use of spectrum that will open the door to new telecom services .
Yet the broadcasters are not willing to invest in digital transmitters for all communities , leaving residents of Kingston , Sudbury , Thunder Bay , and Kelowna ( among others ) without over - the - air signals .
Moreover , the broadcasters admit they will not be able to complete the transition by the Aug. 31 , 2001 deadline .
Instead , they now target 2013 , four years later than their U.S. counterparts .
A spectrum yearning to be free
A delay necessarily will hold up the availability of new spectrum to be freed - up as part of the transition .
This spectrum -- known as the 700 MHz spectrum -- opens up a host of possibilities for new innovation , competitors , and open Internet access .
For Canadians anxious for new entrants into the wireless sector , delayed availability of the spectrum will mean more delays in spectrum auctions , keeping the market at a stand - still and costing taxpayers billions of dollars in lost spectrum revenue .
If the plan is fully adopted , Canadians would be left with blacked out broadcasts , lost spectrum revenue , and delayed telecom competition .
After a week of hearing from broadcasters and cable companies , it is clear that the hearing is about far more than TV taxes and saving local television .
View Transcript
Transcript
The Boss says , " We need more of what the management experts call ' Employee engagement . ' "
The boss says , " I do n't know the details , but it has something to do with you idiots working harder for the same pay . "
Dilbert says , " Is anything different on your end ? "
The boss says , " I think I 'm supposed to be happier . "
At least eight Afghans working with US forces have been killed in a Nato air strike in north - western Afghanistan , the defence ministry in Kabul says .
Nato confirms an air strike was ordered and is investigating whether it was the cause of the deaths on Friday .
It was launched as US and Afghan forces reportedly came under insurgent attack during search operations in Badghis province for two missing US soldiers .
Five Americans and 18 Afghans were also wounded on Friday .
Nato said the casualties occurred " during a joint operation that involved multiple engagements over several hours " .
' Important mission '
The Afghan defence ministry said a base housing coalition troops and Afghan security forces was mistakenly hit by the air strike .
Four Afghan soldiers , three police and another person believed to have been an interpreter were killed .
A spokesperson for the Nato force , US Navy Capt Jane Campbell , said : " We are saddened by the loss of life and injuries sustained during this very important mission . "
ANALYSIS Andrew North , BBC News , Kabul
It will be embarrassing for the US - led force if this does prove to be friendly - fire - coming just days after the controversy and criticism directed at Afghan security forces after five British troops were shot dead by a policemen they had been training .
One question that may be asked in this case is whether tighter rules on the use of what is known as ' close air support ' , laid down by the US commander General Stanley McChrystal , could have contributed .
He ordered the changes because of mounting anger among Afghans over civilian casualties caused by air strikes .
If Nato troops come under insurgent attack , in most cases they are now only supposed to call for an air strike if they are in danger of being over - run .
But this means insurgents are likely to be a lot closer by the time the order is made - therefore increasing the chance of aircraft thousands of feet above hitting the wrong target .
The Afghan deaths come days after an Afghan policeman killed five British troops in Helmand province , who the soldiers had been training .
The BBC's Andrew North in Kabul says that incident provoked fears about the possibility of Taliban infiltration into Afghanistan 's armed forces .
Officials have said they believe the two US soldiers missing in western Afghanistan after failing to return from a routine resupply mission have drowned .
Afghan officials say the men , who were from 82nd Airborne Division , died two days ago in what appears to have been an accident .
Police said they died trying to recover supplies dropped by Nato aircraft which had fallen into a river .
A Taliban spokesman told Reuters news agency that they recovered the bodies in Badghis province .
Soldiers from more than 40 countries are taking part in Nato 's force of nearly 110,000 troops in Afghanistan , two - thirds of them from the US .
Western Afghanistan has recently seen a rise in violence , with Taliban insurgents planting roadside bombs to maximise fatalities .
This year more than 400 troops have been killed , most of them Americans .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
LIMA , Peru ( AP ) 
A gang in the remote Peruvian jungle has been killing people for their fat , the police said Thursday , accusing the gang ’s members of draining fat from bodies and selling it on the black market for use in cosmetics .
Medical experts expressed skepticism , however , that a major market for fat might exist .
Three suspects have confessed to killing five people for their fat , said Col. Jorge Mejía , chief of Peru ’s anti-kidnapping police .
He said the suspects , two of whom were arrested carrying bottles of liquid fat , told the police it was worth $ 60,000 a gallon .
Colonel Mejía said the suspects had told the police that the fat had been sold to intermediaries in Lima , the capital .
While police officials suspect that the fat was sold to cosmetic companies in Europe , he said he could not confirm any sales .
Several medical experts acknowledged that fat had cosmetic uses , but they also said they doubted that there was an international black market for human fat .
Dr. Lisa M. Donofrio , a Yale University dermatology professor , speculated that a small market might exist for “ human fat extracts ” to keep skin supple , though she added that scientists considered such treatments “ pure baloney . ”
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke said on Friday congressional proposals to audit the Fed and strip it of regulatory powers as part of post - crisis reforms could damage prospects for economic and financial health in the future .
Chairman of the Federal Reserve Ben Bernanke speaks during The Economic Club of New York luncheon in New York , November 16 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Shannon Stapleton
“ These measures are very much out of step with the global consensus on the appropriate role of central banks , and they would seriously impair the prospects for economic and financial stability in the United States , ” Bernanke wrote in a column posted on the Washington Post ’s website .
The rare newspaper column by a Fed chairman comes shortly before Bernanke testifies before a Senate panel on his renomination to serve a second four - year term at the helm of the central bank and answers a series of steps on Capitol Hill that could diminish the central bank ’s role .
Lawmakers are angry with the Fed over its emergency bailouts of major financial firms and its failure to prevent the contagion of mortgage delinquencies that crashed the financial system .
A proposal to audit the Fed ’s monetary policy deliberations won a committee vote recently over the objections of House Financial Services Committee Chairman Barney Frank .
Frank ’s Senate counterpart , Banking Committee Chairman Christopher Dodd , is himself the author of a proposal to consign the Fed solely to making decisions about setting benchmark interest rates .
Bernanke , in his column , conceded the Fed had missed some of the riskiest behavior in the lead up to the crisis .
But he said the Fed had helped avoid an even more damaging economic meltdown and has stepped up its policing of the financial system .
“ The Fed played a major part in arresting the crisis , and we should be seeking to preserve , not degrade , the institution ’s ability to foster financial stability and to promote economic recovery without inflation , ” he said .
Bernanke acknowledged that lawmakers are responding to public anger over the government ’s response to the turmoil .
“ The Federal Reserve , like other regulators around the world , did not do all that it could have to constrain excessive risk - taking in the financial sector in the period leading up to the crisis , ” he said .
However , the central bank has moved “ aggressively ” to fix the problems , Bernanke said .
The Fed ’s knowledge of complex financial institutions is invaluable in supervising them , he said .
The Fed ’s ability to slash interest rates to combat a recession without fueling inflation depends on its political independence he said .
Allowing audits of its monetary policy -- as proposed legislation would do -- would increase the perceived influence of Congress on interest rate decisions , he said .
That , in turn “ would undermine the confidence the public and the markets have in the Fed to act in the long - term economic interest of the nation , ” Bernanke wrote .
Frank has said the audit provision is likely to be revisited as legislation winds through both houses of Congress .
Dodd has said his proposal is a starting point for debate .
This is part of a series I started in March 2008 - you may want to go back and look at older parts if you 're new to this series .
A diversion into Method missing
So far the method_missing implementation has just printed a notice and quit .
During the trip down the rabbit hole that is attr_accessor and friends that became a major annoyance .
The problem is that this notice has not included a stack backtrace or any way to figure out where it occurred .
It 's also been impossible to override it and actually figure out what method was being called because we currently get to method_missing by jumping straight into the vtable .
We get method_missing when we hit the pointer that 's installed there as default when nothing has overridden it .
So how do we get better debug output ?
And how do we support users overriding method_missing and actually getting a symbol to use ?
Thunks
A " thunk " in terms of a object oriented languages is generally a small piece of compiler generated code that gets inserted to " adjust " a function or method call .
In this specific case , we will generate a separate thunk for each vtable entry .
Instead of inserting a pointer to method_missing directly , we will insert the address of a small thunk .
The thunk will not even create a full stack frame , but simply add the address of the Symbol corresponding to the vtable slot as the first argument on the stack , and then jump straight into method_missing , thereby simulating a " direct " call to method_missing with the symbol as the first argument .
It 's actually very simple - we just need to pop the real return address off the stack , push the symbol onto the stack , and then push the real return address back on .
Ok , so we still cheat a bit .
Eventually we need to make our method_missing into a real method , but for now it 's a function .
Here 's the code I 've added to create a " base " vtable that is used to initialize the vtable slots of Object :
def output_vtable_thunks @vtableoffsets .
vtable .
each do | name , _ | @e . label ( " __vtable_missing_thunk_ #{clean_method_name(name)} " ) compile_eval_arg ( GlobalScope . new , " : #{name.to_s} " . to_sym ) @e . popl ( : edx ) @e .
pushl ( :eax ) @e .
pushl ( : edx ) @e . jmp ( " __method_missing " ) end @e . label ( " __base_vtable " ) ClassScope :: CLASS_IVAR_NUM . times { @e . long ( 0 ) } @vtableoffsets .
vtable .
to_a . sort_by {| e | e [ 1 ] }. each do | e | @e . long ( " __vtable_missing_thunk_ #{clean_method_name( e [ 0 ] ) } " ) end end
I hope it 's reasonably easy to follow .
First it generates a number of functions that will look like this :
__vtable_missing_thunk_to_yaml : subl $ 4 , %esp movl $ 1 , % ebx movl $.L110 , ( %esp ) movl $ __get_symbol , %eax call * %eax addl $ 4 , %esp popl %edx pushl %eax pushl %edx jmp __method_missing
This can be optimized a lot , but if you 've followed this series , you know getting something working is higher priority .
In this case we generate a call to __get_symbol , which was introduced in the last part , and we pass the string corresponding to the name :
. L110 : .string " to_yaml "
Then we adjust the stack as mentioned above .
The next step is to create the __base_vtable .
Here 's an excerpt :
__base_vtable : .long 0 .long 0 .long __vtable_missing_thunk_new .long __vtable_missing_thunk___send__ .long __vtable_missing_thunk___get_symbol .long __vtable_missing_thunk___method_missing .long __vtable_missing_thunk_array .long __vtable_missing_thunk___new_class_object .long __vtable_missing_thunk_define_method ...
Then we need to modify __new_class_object to assign entries from __base_vtable instead of just blindly assigning a pointer to __method_missing :
def __new_class_object ( size , superclass , ssize ) ob = 0 %s ( assign ob ( malloc ( mul size 4 ) ) ) i = 1 %s ( while ( lt i ssize ) ( do ( assign ( index ob i ) ( index superclass i ) ) ( assign i ( add i 1 ) ) ) ) %s ( while ( lt i size ) ( do ( assign ( index ob i ) ( index __base_vtable i ) ) ( assign i ( add i 1 ) ) ) ) %s ( assign ( index ob 0 ) Class ) ob end
Finally we make __method_missing output the symbol , instead of just spitting out " Method missing " :
Today , I received a copy of a letter that my local MP sent to the education secretary , Ed Balls .
This letter was prompted by my concerns about the Badman report , a review into home - education which was submitted in June and immediately accepted by Balls .
The government may implement these recommendations by including them in the Queen 's speech on 18 November .
My six - year - old daughter is educated by me , at home .
I am not a home - education evangelist and neither do I have any problem with the concept of school , but I do know that home education works for us .
Badman 's recommendations would change what home education means to us – a positive and successful part of our family life – into an ongoing battle with the state .
It would be compulsory for me to register with the local authority and a criminal offence for me not to .
I would also have to apply to my local authority for approval which may , or may not , be granted .
Even if granted , I would have to go through this process on an annual basis and , at any point the LEA could refuse my application and force my child into school .
In terms of fostering an educational environment which feels secure for the child , it is hard to think how the government could be less helpful .
My greatest concern about Badman , though , is his suggestion throughout the report that being at home rather than with " professionals " means that the child is at a " greater risk of harm " .
He claims that home education is the perfect cover for child abuse , but provides no evidence to support this claim .
The education officers who liaise with home - educators are trained teachers , not social workers , and so are not trained in the highly specialised field of child abuse .
Under the new regulations though , they would have the legal right to enter my home and interview my child alone in a room to " check " for signs of abuse , not because of any good reason to suspect abuse is taking place , but simply because I have chosen to home educate .
Will education officers also be going into schools and taking each child into a room by themselves to " check for signs of abuse " ?
No , because what the report implies is that if you send your child to a school , you are less likely to be a child abuser .
This report is a solution without a problem .
As with so much legislation that the government has managed to get through parliament under the emotive banner of " child welfare " , this proposed legislation peddles the idea that children can only be dealt with by professionals .
More and more parents are choosing to home educate because the school system fails their children .
There is widespread complaint among parents that children are tested too young and too often , teaching them only to pass tests so that civil servants can compile ultimately meaningless statistics .
Only a fortnight ago a report was published by Robin Alexander and his team at Cambridge University which found that the primary school curriculum is too narrow and involves too much testing .
Rather than taking on the challenge of addressing existing problems in a failing system run by overworked and pressured staff , Ed Balls is making a scapegoat of those who have chosen to work outside of that system , and blame them for noticing the government 's educational failings .
Of course , we all know that bad parents exist .
But typically , the state tends to make the worst parent of all , and I do n't need its kinds of lessons .
Now judge puts green beliefs of a worker on a par with Christianity
Green beliefs are as worthy of protection in the workplace as religious ones , a judge ruled yesterday in a landmark case .
Christian groups said the decision was further evidence of Britain ' abandoning its Christian heritage ' at a time of increasing discrimination against religion .
Legal experts warned the case would ' open the floodgates ' for claims of unfair dismissal based on someone 's environmental beliefs .
Buying local : Tim Nicholson shopping at a market in Oxford with his wife and child
Tim Nicholson , 42 , had claimed his desire to prevent climate change was protected under laws to prevent workplace discrimination on the grounds of belief .
His employer argued that green views were simply a lifestyle choice .
Yesterday , Sir Michael Burton ruled at the Employment Appeal Tribunal that Mr Nicholson 's green views qualified as a ' philosophical belief ' under the Religion and Belief Regulations 2003 .
This opens the way for the married father of one , from Oxford , to claim he was sacked because of his green principles , in the first case of its kind at an employment tribunal .
If he wins he could be entitled to an unlimited compensation payout .
Mr Nicholson was dismissed from his job as head of sustainability at Grainger , the UK 's biggest residential landlord , which manages 27,000 properties worth £ 3 billion .
He claims he was unfairly made redundant in July 2008 , after two years ' service , for criticising senior management .
His criticisms included accusations that executives failed to live up to their own green policies to cut emissions of the greenhouse gas carbon dioxide , including driving ' the most polluting cars on the road ' .
When Mr Nicholson tried to find out how much CO2 Grainger emitted , executives blocked him .
Mr Nicholson said yesterday : ' I 'm delighted with the result .
I felt I was obstructed from doing my job properly , and in part that was because of my philosophical beliefs .
' My moral and ethical values are similar to those promoted by many of the world religions .
' The difference is mine are not faith - based or spiritual but grounded in overwhelming scientific evidence . '
However , Andrea Williams , of the Christian Legal Centre , condemned the ruling .
She said : ' When a country abandons its Christian heritage then what happens is there is no legal and moral framework for decision making .
' In a world of human rights , all kinds of religious and philosophical views compete and it leads to legal and social chaos .
Mr Justice Burton ruled that employers should not discrimate against employers for being green , while Grainger plc ( chief executive Rupert Dickinson pictured right ) maintains Mr Nicholson 's redundancy was driven by operational needs
' Christians are being discriminated against for holding orthodox views that have been protected in law over many centuries
in Britain .
We have 45 cases where Christians have found themselves discriminated against . '
These include several highprofile cases involving the Employment Appeal Tribunal .
Former registrar Lilian Ladele is challenging the tribunal 's ruling in support of Islington Council 's decision to discipline her for refusing to carry out civil partnerships on the grounds of her Christian beliefs .
Christian airport worker Nadia Eweida is seeking to overturn a tribunal 's ruling that British Airways did not discriminate against her when it refused to allow her to wear a silver cross neck chain in public view .
The Equality and Employment ( Religion or Belief ) Regulations 2003 were brought in to stop employees being sacked on the grounds of their religion .
But after lobbying by secular groups , philosophical beliefs were also included .
To qualify for protection , a philosophical belief must be ' genuinely held ' , be about a ' weighty and substantial aspect of human life ' , and have ' seriousness , cohesion and importance and be ' worthy of respect in a democratic society ' .
But Jonathan Exten - Wright , an employment partner at legal firm DLA Piper , said that yesterday 's ruling ' presents real practical challenges for employers - when will a belief be the type of belief that is
protected ?
The court describing it as being of a similar cogency or status to a religious belief leaves many questions unanswered .
Understanding the dividing line in practice in the workplace will clearly be problematic .
' Ultimately it will be a test of causation , namely why someone was treated in a certain way but it is an area crying out for clear guidance . '
Peter Mooney , of Employment Law Advisory Services , warned the judgment ' would open the floodgates for others who believe their employers have victimised them simply because of their views on the environment . '
Dave Butler , of Grainger , said : ' Grainger absolutely maintains that Mr Nicholson 's redundancy was driven solely by the operational needs of the company during a period of extraordinary market turbulence .
' Grainger rejects outright any suggestion that there was any other motivation relating to Mr Nicholson 's beliefs or otherwise .
' We are looking forward to addressing the issues at tribunal level and demonstrating that there was no causal link between Mr Nicholson 's beliefs and his redundancy . '
Maryland Law Firm Focusing on Personal Injury , Criminal Law , Traffic Violations , and Family Law & Divorce for Over 50 Years
At the Law Offices of Elling & Elling , we believe that half of all legal problems have common sense solutions .
Our attorneys take a practical approach to handling a variety of legal problems .
We believe that quality legal service is rooted in respect for the client and genuine concern about the client ’s best interest .
We are a father - son team with over 50 years of combined experience serving the community .
When 6 Feet Might Not Protect You From the Coronavirus
The Most Shocking Moments of the First Presidential Debate
What ’s Fact and What ’s Fiction in the Gloria Steinem Biopic
Donald Trump
Is America ’s Abusive Father
The Most Important Thing Biden Did During Tuesday ’s Debate
Human Rights
Watch says people seeking redress in Beijing for local injustices have been abducted , detained and abused
Large numbers of Chinese citizens – including children – have been held for days or months in unofficial " black jails " that appear to have emerged when a controversial detention system was abolished , according to a report published today by a human rights group .
Dozens of citizens who had travelled or tried to travel to Beijing to seek redress for local injustices told Human Rights
Watch they were instead abducted , detained and in many cases abused in the illicit prisons .
The prison issue received unusual coverage in the domestic media this year when a guard was accused of raping a young detainee – although the carefully worded articles , which did not include the term " black jails " , were soon deleted from Chinese websites .
The English - language newspaper China Daily reported last week that the guard had pleaded guilty and a verdict was expected within the month .
Foreign and domestic journalists , Chinese human rights organisations and Chinese scholars have collected details of several jails as well as speaking to those who have been held there .
But the Chinese government denies such sites exist .
During a United Nations human rights commission review in June , it said : " There are no black jails in the country . "
Former detainees have said some sites were described as " legal education centres " .
Human Rights
Watch interviewed 38 former detainees for the report , An Alleyway in Hell , but withheld all names for fear of reprisals .
Interviewees reported physical violence by guards , extortion , threats and deprivation of food , sleep and medical care .
" Two people dragged me by the hair and put me into the car …
They put me inside a room where there were two women who stripped me of my clothes … beat my head [ and ] used their feet to stomp my body , " said a woman from Jiangsu province .
Another , from Sichuan , said her guards warned that if she tried to escape they would take her to the male prison and allow the inmates to rape her .
A 15 - year - old girl told Human Rights Watch she was abducted while petitioning for her disabled father , locked up for more than two months in Gansu province and severely beaten .
Tens of thousands of petitioners head to Beijing each year in a last - ditch attempt to solve problems in their home towns such as land grabs or corruption .
A law professor , He Weifang , is cited in the report as comparing the system to " drinking poison to quench a thirst " .
Local governments try to stop citizens seeking redress from the central government because officials ' careers suffer if many petitions are filed from their area .
The report says the operators of black jails receive fees for each person held , creating another incentive for detention .
It says the jails appear to have emerged since the custody - and - repatriation system – which allowed police to return those without official permission to live in cities to their home towns – was abolished in 2003 , following a national outcry over the death of a young man in one centre .
" The existence of black jails in the heart of Beijing makes a mockery of the Chinese government 's rhetoric on improving human rights and respecting the rule of law , " said Sophie Richardson , Asia advocacy director for Human Rights Watch .
She said China was ignoring its own laws and urged the government to close the facilities , investigate those running them and provide help to those abused .
D.C. is a town teeming with corporate brothels .
You 've got your non-profit bordellos like Third Way , your for - profit massage parlors like the U.S. Chamber of Commerce , and , of course , K Street is the single biggest red - light district in the world .
But bar none , the best little whorehouse in definitely the New Democratic Caucus , and this Bloomberg News story could serve as its advertisement :
The New Democrats got Rep. Barney Frank to drop provisions that would have required banks to offer so - called plain vanilla products like 30 - year mortgages or low - fee credit cards .
The lawmakers were also influential in excluding non-financial companies such as accounting firms , auto dealers and retailers from the agency 's oversight ...
Now the group is turning its attention to brokering a more difficult compromise over whether the proposed consumer agency should have the power to enforce its rules over banks that already answer to federal regulators , and whether states should be allowed to enact consumer - protection rules for nationally chartered financial institutions that are stricter than federal standards .
The coalition has n't taken a public position on either issue , though its members are wary of the administration proposal that gives the new regulator policing power and allows states to enforce tougher rules .
Those concerns are shared by the banking industry .
The story goes on to note that in just the first six months of 2009 , the 15 New Democrats on the relevant Financial Services committee " received about $ 1.9 million in contributions from the finance , insurance and real estate industries . "
They may be high - class hookers - but that 's a pittance when considering their work will result in billions of dollars in higher consumer fees - and thus an orgasmic happy ending for bank executives .
What 's so hilarious about these harlets is the public justifications they offer up for their prostitution .
They insist their lascivious behavior has nothing at all to do with the cash their clients throw at them , citing everything from " good policy " to personal experience .
This is my favorite :
" We 're pro-growth , innovative Democrats with real - life experience , " said New York Representative Joseph Crowley , who is the coalition 's chairman and also was invited on Air Force One after the president 's speech .
" Many of us come out of the business world . "
Of course , Crowley , the group 's pimp , has no " real - life experience " if ( as he asserts ) " real - life experience " means " coming out of the business world . "
As you can see in his Roll Call biography , his " previous occupation " before machine politicking his way into a congressional seat representing working - class Queens was " public official . "
That 's right , from the instant he graduated college he 's been a career politician .
But then , Crowley and the New Democrats are as serious about their public explanations as other run-of - the - mill prostitutes are in insisting they 're only asking you if you are free for " a date . "
We 're all supposed to know it 's code for something much more lucrative .
_______
About author David Sirota is a political strategist and NY Times bestselling author whose work appears in major newspapers and magazines .
He has appeared on CNN , MSNBC , CNBC and The Colbert Report .
He has appeared in TV debates with right - wing icons like Ann Coulter , John Stossel and John Fund .
Email : david [ at ] davidsirota.com .
Tony Blair in talks with Tesco over £ 1 m deal as supermarket eyes Middle East
Dual role : Tony Blair , pictured as peace envoy in the West Bank , has been in talks with Tesco
Tony Blair faced fresh questions over his role as Middle East envoy yesterday after it was claimed he had been in talks to help Tesco open stores in the region for a fee of £ 1 million .
His proposed job for the supermarket giant would apparently have been to act as a figurehead for the group 's bid to break into the Middle East market .
His discussions with the store - slogan : ' Every little helps ' - were said to have gone on for five months but ended without agreement .
Sources close to Mr Blair told The Mail on Sunday the talks did not break down over money , but over another issue , on which they did not elaborate .
The revelation added to growing questions about the mixing of Mr Blair 's various money - spinning commercial ventures and his taxpayerfunded political role .
His work as a peace envoy representing world powers brings him no salary but his expenses are picked up by taxpayers .
He travels to the Middle East for a week every month meeting decision - makers to discuss peace initiatives .
But he also finds time to hold meetings wearing his
commercial hat representing big businesses .
While there is no suggestion of any impropriety , some of his critics claim it can be difficult to see where Mr Blair 's political work ends and his private endeavours begin .
Tesco has successfully exported its brand to more than 2,000 stores worldwide but has so far failed to follow the likes of Marks & Spencer into the Middle East .
Tesco chief executive Sir Terry Leahy was a Government adviser , and was knighted under Mr Blair 's premiership .
There is no suggestion Mr Blair was seeking to use Tesco to profit from his activities as a peace envoy .
' Every little helps ' : Tesco chief Sir Terry Leahy was an adviser to the Blair government
Mr Blair 's spokesman declined to comment on his proposed work for the supermarket , but issued a statement saying : ' Tesco is a great British company .
However , Tony Blair and Tony Blair Associates have never done any work on behalf of Tesco .
' Tony Blair does not have any commercial relationship with Tesco and has not made any representations on their behalf .
' The vast majority of Mr Blair 's time is taken up by his unpaid activities , principally his role as Quartet Representative ( for the United Nations , European Union , Russia and United States ) in the Middle East , advocating on issues such as climate change and Africa and with the work of his faith and sports foundations . '
Tesco chiefs were understood to have been ' deeply disappointed ' when they were unable to reach agreement with Mr Blair .
A statement from Tesco said : ' We would n't comment on which advisers we may or may not talk to or speculation about potential markets for Tesco . '
The ex-PM , currently seeing his chances dwindling of becoming Europe 's first President , has endured an uncomfortable spotlight thrown on his finances .
At the weekend , the complex web of official duties , secretive private companies and business deals that makes life after Downing Street so lucrative for him were disclosed .
Mr Blair has made an estimated £ 15 million from his commercial activities since stepping down as prime minister in 2007 , and there is every sign that his earning capacity is increasing .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi says health care is a right ; President Obama says health care is a right ; the 2008 Democratic National Platform says health care is a right .
Republicans say that health care is not a right .
Right ?
Former Republican Senate majority leaders Bill “ bought and paid for by the AMA ” Frist and Bob “ bought and paid for by Big Pharma ” Dole support health care reform , but the Republicans in Congress , who have to answer to the voters , are balking .
As much as I deplore with every fiber of my being every facet of the federal government ’s intrusion into medicine , health care , and medical insurance I am still not very excited about the Republicans in Congress opposing the Democrats ’ health care reform proposals .
Yes , the Republicans in Congress have correctly said that Obamacare is too expensive , too intrusive , and too socialistic .
But when the late Sam Francis called the Republican Party the stupid party he was only telling half the story .
The Republicans are hypocrites who frequently support legislation that is expensive , intrusive , and socialistic — especially when it is their own .
As we saw when Clinton was president , many Republicans in Congress have started talking , and some have started acting , like the conservative advocates of liberty and less government they claim to be .
On the issue of health care , it even seems of late as though congressional Republicans have en masse embraced a real free market for medical care .
But have these Republicans suddenly become libertarians , or are they partisan hypocrites without any real allegiance to the Constitution or the principles of liberty and limited government ?
The Revolution that Wa ... Laurence M. Vance Best Price : null Buy New $ 5.95 ( as of 12:45 EST - Details )
For proof that the answer is the latter we can turn to two of the biggest expansions of taxpayer - funded health insurance since the creation of Medicare and Medicaid in the 1960s : SCHIP and the Medicare prescription drug benefit .
The State Children ’s Health Insurance Program ( SCHIP ) is a partnership between federal and state governments that was created in 1997 — thanks to a Republican majority in Congress .
It provides federally - funded health insurance to children in families with incomes too high to qualify for Medicaid .
Funding for the program was due to expire in March of this year .
A bill ( H.R. 2 ) reauthorizing the program and increasing its funding by $ 32.8 billion was passed in January with hardly any Republican support in the Senate ( only 8 votes ) and very little in the House ( only 40 out of 173 Republicans voted for it ) .
Rethinking the Good War Laurence M. Vance Best Price : null Buy New $ 5.95 ( as of 12:45 EST - Details )
But it was Republicans that created SCHIP in title IV of the Balanced Budget Act of 1997 ( H.R. 2015 ) .
Only 12 Republicans in the Senate at the time and only 32 in the House voted against it .
And when SCHIP was up for reauthorization in 2007 , it passed the Senate by unanimous consent on the day the bill ( S. 2499 ) was introduced and passed the House the next day with only 3 Republicans voting against it .
Why all the Republican opposition to SCHIP now ?
And then there is the Medicare Prescription Drug , Improvement , and Modernization Act of 2003 — thanks again to a Republican majority in Congress .
Initially projected to cost about $ 400 billion ( which is still $ 400 billion too much ) , it is now projected to cost over a trillion dollars .
This Republican version of health care reform was introduced on June 25 , 2003 , by the Republican House Speaker Dennis Hastert .
It was supported by the Republican House Majority leader Tom DeLay .
It was supported by the Republican House Majority Whip Roy Blunt .
It was support by the Republican Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist .
It was supported by the Senate Majority Whip Mitch McConnell .
It passed the House ( 220 - 215 ) and the Senate ( 54 - 44 ) in late 2003 with overwhelming Republican support .
It was signed into law by the Republican President George Bush on December 8 , 2003 .
As shocking as it sounds , it was Democrats that almost defeated this massive expansion of the welfare state .
Only 25 Republicans in the House and 9 Republicans in the Senate voted against health care reform in 2003 .
Why all the Republican opposition to health care reform now ?
Since conservatives have short memories when it comes to Republicans , let ’s take a look at how the Republicans currently in Congress who oppose Obama ’s health care reforms supported Bush ’s health care reforms back in 2003 .
Read the rest of the article
The Best of Laurence M. Vance
“ Some of the witnesses that experienced this tragic event are still seeking medical attention , and we have not been able to talk to them , ” he said , flanked by lead investigators from the Army , the F.B.I. and the Texas Rangers .
Mr. Grey said a motive for the shootings had yet to be determined .
He also said investigators believed that Major Hasan had been the only gunman at the scene , had had no orders from Army superiors to be there and had had no scheduled appointments there .
Major Hasan was supposed to deploy to Afghanistan on Nov. 28 with several Army Reserve units of mental health professionals trained to deal with combat stress .
Five of the soldiers he is charged with killing came from those Reserve units .
The civilian who died , Michael Grant Cahill , 62 , was a physician ’s assistant who had been working at Fort Hood and , according to his family , had also worked with soldiers dealing with mental health problems who were either going or returning from overseas .
President Obama has ordered all government agencies to search their files for any information obtained about Major Hasan before the shooting , the White House announced Thursday .
In the order , dated Tuesday , the president also directed the F.B.I. , the Defense Department and intelligence agencies to assess how the information had been “ handled , shared and acted upon . ”
Mr. Grey took no questions at the news conference about the precise circumstances in which Major Hasan was brought down by the Army ’s civilian police .
“ Our investigation thus far , ” he said in his statement , “ indicates that two responding police officers , one male and one female , arrived at the scene and both engaged the armed suspect .
I would caution anyone from drawing final conclusions concerning the actual engagement , in terms of who did what , until all the evidence is fully analyzed . ”
Military officials initially reported that one police officer , Sgt. Kimberly D. Munley , had wounded the gunman during an exchange of gunfire with him .
But a second civilian officer , Senior Sgt. Mark Todd , said in an interview on Thursday that he shot Major Hasan while Sergeant Munley , already wounded , was lying on the ground .
He said he did not know whether Sergeant Munley too had shot the major .
Correction :
An earlier version of this story incorrectly attributed the $ 400 figure to the Congressional Research Service .
The number is from the Pentagon .
Last year , the price of gasoline in the United States topped the $ 4 per gallon mark .
This year in Afghanistan , the price has topped $ 400 .
The stunning revelation emerged Thursday in a report from the Pentagon to House officials .
The information conveyed offers new insight into a recent report by the Congressional Research Service , which found that the US spends $ 1 million per year for each servicemember on the ground in Afghanistan .
ADVERTISEMENT
Why so much ?
The cost includes shipping , which sometimes includes the pricetag of a helicopter flight .
Sending fuel by helicopter is woefully inefficient , because it uses up almost as much fuel as it carries .
Speaking to the Capitol Hill newspaper The Hill , House Appropriations chairman John Murtha ( D - PA ) said the figure was “ worrisome ” and “ we started looking into it . ”
Afghanistan is also landlocked , meaning that fuel must be transported in ways that stretch the limits of economic reason .
Because the country has no seaports , fuel is shipped to Karachi , in Pakistan , then carried across land by commercial trucks through Afghanistan .
For remote bases , gasoline is sometimes transported by air .
“ One of the most expensive ways to supply fuel is by transporting it in bladders carried by helicopter ; the amount that can be flown at one time can barely satisfy the need for fuel , ” the Hill notes .
ADVERTISEMENT
The paper notes that the $ 400 pricetag is referred to in Pentagon argot as the “ fully burdened cost of fuel . ”
The government ’s Defense Energy Support Center provides fuel to the military at $ 2.78 per gallon , the conveyance of which then grows exponentially more expensive as it travels through dangerous combat zones .
Gen. James Conway , who runs the Marine Corps , told a Navy forum that perilous risky routes up gasoline that originally cost $ 1.04 gallon up to $ 400 .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ These are fairly major problems for us , ” Conway was quoted as saying .
House Republican leaders have produced their own health care reform bill .
Here is the first thing you need to know :
It would do almost nothing to reduce the scandalously high number of Americans who have no insurance .
And it makes only a token stab at slowing the relentlessly rising costs of medical care .
Despite that , the Republicans are pitching their bill as far more affordable than the Democrats ’ approach .
And you are sure to hear a lot in coming days about how it could reduce health insurance premiums .
How it compares in that respect with the Democratic proposal is not yet clear .
But a lot of the Republicans ’ savings on premiums come from reduced coverage .
Pay less and get less .
The good news is that this bill has no chance of passing .
The bad news is that unless the White House and Congressional Democrats push back with the hard facts , the Republicans could use it to spread false hope of a “ cheaper ” alternative to scuttle real health care reform .
There ’s no question that the Republicans ’ bill is cheaper because it does so little to help the uninsured .
According to the Congressional Budget Office , it would provide $ 61 billion over 10 years to expand coverage , compared with more than $ 1 trillion in the Democrats ’ bill .
JJ Abrams was successful with the direction he took the new imagined Star Trek franchise in .
Leonard Nimoy was in the first installment and now it looks like Mr. Abrahms is looking for ways to get William Shatner in the second installment of the brand new Star Trek franchise .
"
It was a foregone conclusion that we wanted Shatner in the [ first ] movie .
The problem was that his character died on screen in one of the ' Trek ' films .
And because we decided very early on that we wanted to adhere to ' Trek ' canon as best we could , the required machinations to get Shatner into the movie would have been very difficult to do given the story we wanted to tell and also to give him the kind of part that he would be happy with .
In terms of moving forward , I am open to anything .
I would love to figure out something .
There 's going to be more opportunity to work with him again .
I would love to work with him .
We speak .
We actually have a lunch date planned .
I 'm a fan .
I 'm a friend of his .
Or , he 's at least a friend of mine .
He may say otherwise on his blog today .
I have no idea .
But , I really could n't like him more and would love to work with him .
" I trust JJ , he did a great job with the first movie and will continue to do so in the second Star Trek film , regardless if they figure out a way to bring Kirk back or not .
So , lay it all out there ComicBookMovie fans , do you want to see the Shat back as Captain Kirk in Star Trek 2 ?
Many thanks to SirPrize for providing the pic .
READER COMMENTS ON
" Bachmann - Teabag Overdrive Features Holocaust ' Health Care ' Protest Photo / Banner "
( 29 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Marybeth Kuznik said on 11/5/2009 @ 4:46 pm PT ...
I am so incredibly sick and tired of this outrageous and inappropriate stuff .
Images of the dead at the Dachau concentration camp equated with " Healthcare " and nobody in the GOP or mainstream media says anything .
Lovely , just absolutely lovely . ( / sarcasm )
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 11/5/2009 @ 4:53 pm PT ...
The crowd looked like they were the ' Armey of Lemmings ' ( teabaggers ) and ' Brooks Brothers rioters ' ( staffers ) to me .
mostly staffers .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Orangutan said on 11/5/2009 @ 8:34 pm PT ...
I was thinking when I posted this to reddit that this is one of the greatest titles of all time .
Then I am watching Colbert Report later that night and I see he used the same phrase .
Can we imagine if Colbert 's writers are Brad Blog readers .
I sure can .
Great job Brad .
Lots of Love .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 11/5/2009 @ 9:17 pm PT ...
That bastard stole my excellent title ?!
I agree , it rocked !
I 'm suing Colbert .
Thief .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... IntelVet said on 11/6/2009 @ 7:42 am PT ...
That poster looks to me like " HealthCare under Republicans " ™
Just sayin '
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Newell said on 11/6/2009 @ 8:20 am PT ...
Brad , I 'm sure you know what a teabagger is .
You are disgusting !
You and all of your ilk that use a term like that to describe Americans that diassagre with you .
You are not independent , you are a radical liberal person ( ? ) with a computer .
From what I have read of your drivel , you want a socialist government where I give the government my money to give to people who do n't or wo n't work for their own money .
I do n't mind helping out , I do n't want to see people starve especially kids .
But I do n't want to give money to adults who say they have no money when they are watching TV on a 60 " LCD HDTV ( getting full cable package ) and blogging on their computer connected to the internet with high speed cable and talking on their " Blackberry " phone .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Maxx said on 11/6/2009 @ 8:30 am PT ...
Brad ,
Please move to Red China .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... blubonnet said on 11/6/2009 @ 10:23 am PT ...
Newell , and Maxx , you should know that all the huffing and puffing is really the FreedomWorks funded rhetoric .
The funding to stop the health care reform is from the 1.5 million a day the health insurance companies have been putting into deluding folks like yourselves .
I 'm sorry to tell you , but you have been made a tool of and a fool of .
It 's a manipulation that big money ( from your having been overpaying the health insurance companies if you could afford health insurance , that is ) .
The whole " teaparty " party protest is NOT a grassroots movement , as it is portrayed to be .
Listening to the corporate crutches like FOX , and Limbaugh , only perpetuates the problems of corporatism .
Sadly , it 's really obvious , when listening to those people speaking in the crowd , interviewed by Brad and others , that the whole picture is not actually comprehended by the majority of those there .
The ones that DO understand it , that are there , are playing you like a set of bongo drums .
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 11/6/2009 @ 11:19 am PT ...
Newell @ 6 said :
You are not independent , you are a radical liberal person ( ? ) with a computer .
No I 'm not independent ?
Me and my computer are teaming up in a conspiracy against you ??
From what I have read of your drivel , you want a socialist government where I give the government my money to give to people who do n't or wo n't work for their own money .
Well , presuming you 're a tax - payer , you already do that .
But no , that 's not wht the fight for health care reform is about , just in case you 've been dis - informed ( as you clearly have ) .
For instance , the vast majority of those who declare bankruptcy are employed and , yes , " work for their own money " .
Of those , nearly 80 % actually * had* health insurance .
So what does that tell you ?
Given your demonstrated ignorance on the topic --- which , I 'll have to presume , as with much of your tea bagging brethren , is out of a desperate need to remain mis / disinformed --- it probably tells you nothing , because it does n't synch up with the misinformation you 've being supplied by your " news " outlets .
Still , if you bothered to investigate real facts , and real data , you 'd do both yourself and your nation a great service .
I do n't mind helping out Yes you do .
Else you 'd have bothered to inform yourself before shooting off your grossly misinformed opinions in public .
Maxx @ 7 said : Please move to Red China .
No , thanks .
Already lived under eight years of authoritarian rule here in the U.S. .
Did n't care for it .
Interesting though that both you and Newell each seem to feel I 'm the disgusting one , in apparent support of your tea bagger friends who would politicize the Holocaust to compare a public health insurance option like medicare to mass extermination of the Jews .
Why do you hate Jews ?
And the U.S. ?
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Houston said on 11/6/2009 @ 12:14 pm PT ...
I 'd like to know why the Federal Government can't stop these people from INCITING violence in this country .
The Prez speaks to other countries r/t human rights , yet he can't speak up and protect his own CITIZENS !!
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Newell said on 11/6/2009 @ 12:50 pm PT ...
blubonnet , you are wrong about the tea party movement .
You wo n't see any of the " Major " media giving any ceedence to it because they are in bed with Obama , Pelosi and Reid .
I agree that health insurance costs have skyrocketed .
They are doubling every 8 years .
Part of the problem is the tort system .
Fox is not the problem and neither is Limbaugh .
The problem is people like you and Brad that do n't know how much these health care bills will cost us .
I do n't think you care how much it costs .
Why do you want something for nothing ?
Brad , you insist on calling me a " C " sucker and I do n't appreciate it .
" I do n't mind helping out Yes you do .
Else you 'd have bothered to inform yourself before shooting off your grossly misinformed opinions in public . "
I am informed .
I have not read the whole 1200 pages of the health care bill from the House I doubt you have either .
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 11/6/2009 @ 1:45 pm PT ...
Nice try , Newell , but you are being woefully misinformed ( scammed ) by your propagandist media who have a corporate interest in fooling you .
They are doing a good job .
Fact is , the House health care bill has been scored by the CBO and found that it will reduce the deficit .
Same was found with the latest Senate plan as well .
Both of them , of course , are regrettably huge sops to the reprehensible private insurance business , so I do n't care for either of the proposals , but you are 100 % wrong about the costs .
Yes , Fox and Limbaugh are the problem , because they are lying to otherwise good folks like yourself and telling you what you 've inaccurately repeated here ( that we " dont ' know how much these health care bills will cost us " and that the prob is tort reform , which is already included in both versions of the House & Senate bills and is only believed , by all legitimate experts , to have a tiny impact on overall costs of health care . )
You are being scammed , amigo .
And you 're falling for it .
You 're being played for a fool .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 11/6/2009 @ 1:53 pm PT ...
BTW , the newly introduced GOP health care plan insures far fewer people , lowers the deficit less than the latest Senate Dem plan , and raises the costs of health insurance for many .
But that 's your own party 's plan , so I 'm sure you 've got a good explanation for it , and a good reason to support it .
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... owl said on 11/6/2009 @ 2:55 pm PT ...
Facts are n't important to folks like Newell .
I 'm being serious .
A recent study of conservatives holding specific views found that , given actual facts concerning different issues , conservatives still clung to old news if presented by trusted sources , even if those sources had since repudiated those positions .
An example :
in 2002 , over 80 % of American voters believed thatSaddam Hussein had initiated the attacks on the WTC , this because Bush and Cheney SAID SO .
Later , Bush and Cheney both REPUDIATED SADDAM'S INVOLVEMENT , admitting that they never had any evidence to back up their original claims , and further admitting that , as far as they know now , Saddam had NOTHING to do with the WTC bombing .
However , still 43 % of Americans STILL believe , despite literally hundreds of books and primary source documents and the admission of the former President that it was false , that Iraq had something to do with these bombings .
Folks , these 43 % are NOT liberals .
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 11/6/2009 @ 5:28 pm PT ...
Willful ignorance guys , just like when I used to go to the old wrassling matches .
There was a ton of people there you could n't convince it was staged .
Same type of ignoramuses .
Probably why Stossel became a corporate con artist .
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 11/6/2009 @ 11:30 pm PT ...
" Part of the problem is the tort system " ... riiiight ...
That 's such a tired old line .
More corporatist propaganda .
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 11/7/2009 @ 2:05 am PT ...
Just like Ko's calling Tom Tancrydo out for his chicken - hawkedness on the Ed Show ... he showed us what they really are .
He 'll probably sue now .
Hypocrite .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 11/7/2009 @ 2:12 am PT ...
I think they named a post after Newell , you know the old line .
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 11/7/2009 @ 7:30 am PT ...
He also happens to be the only Jewish Republican in Congress .
Republicans could get JC
Watts out of retirement , if they need a black Republican congressman to denounce the racism against blacks in the Tea Party .
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... dan evans said on 11/7/2009 @ 7:39 am PT ...
hey brad , figured out where obama was born yet ?
Since you 're an investigative journalist and all , why are all his documents sealed ?
Go gettm tiger !
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 11/7/2009 @ 8:00 am PT ...
Oooooh that 's a real stumper there Dan Evans .... if you 're a freakin ' idiot !
( Please note that I did not personally attack anyone with that comment . )
Listening to Randi last night , I did n't realize that Eric Cantor was Jewish ... with that heinous misuse of Holocaust imagery right in front of him and he says nothing .
Was he at all moved by it , I wonder , or he is he so politicized that he will stoop to any level to " win " ?
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 11/7/2009 @ 9:31 am PT ...
Cantor ?
I do n't have teh gaydar but ...
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Jason said on 11/7/2009 @ 12:11 pm PT ...
Newell said : I 'm sure you know what a teabagger is .
You are disgusting !
You and all of your ilk that use a term like that to describe Americans that diassagre with you .
Y'know , it amazes me that these Tea Party fools get angry when they 're called " teabaggers , " but they continually go around calling Democrats slurs like " socialist , " " communist , " " Nazi , " etc .
Of course , the double standard is part and parcel of conservative rhetoric , so it 's no surprise they 'd react to the insult like they do .
They should n't dish it out if they can't take it , especially if what they 're dishing out is 100 x more offensive that what we progressive and liberals are calling them .
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 11/7/2009 @ 1:04 pm PT ...
Not only that , Jason , but it was the Teabaggers themselves who initiated that borderline pornographic teabagging title .
They were self proclaimed TEABAGGERS until MSNBC picked up their self assigned name and ran with it ( read : beat it like a dead horse ) thus making them aware of just how patently and pornfully absurd it was .
Do n't remember that Newell ?
Wow .
What short , if not almost completely - truncated - by - brainwashing memories you all have !
From the Urban Dictionary : TEABAGGER : One who slaps another person in the face with their nad sack .
I just teabagged your sister .
TEABAGGER : A whining fool shouting loudly for liberty but not willing to pay the bill .
After most American workers saw more money in their paycheck due to the lower tax rate , the teabaggers at Fox News railed against high taxes , but did not discuss how much Jesus hated hypocrisy .
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 11/8/2009 @ 1:27 am PT ...
Newell said : I have not read the whole 1200 pages of the health care bill
No f*cking WAY do I believe that one !
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... blubonnet said on 11/8/2009 @ 2:26 am PT ...
Brad , I must say , you always hit the nail on the head .
Anyway , as far as tea - bagging goes , Bill Maher gives us yes another insight .
LOL
The whole clip is diverse , short , surprising ... and ...
http://current.com/172ti4c
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... MsKitty said on 11/8/2009 @ 5:39 am PT ...
I have one question for all of the " tea party patriots " , if you had to leave the US and live somewhere else , where would you go ?
... wait for it , wait for it , ( note that said country mentioned , most likely has government run health care ) ,
... , why not lovely Somalia ? , a country with little to no government to interfere with people 's lives .
again , as Brad continually campaigns for open accountable voting , this is the true key to freedom , a vote that counts .
( just once )
The american people are actually smarter than most of these people who are getting all of the face time on the ' news ' .
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... blubonnet said on 11/8/2009 @ 6:26 pm PT ...
You know how ignorant this " protest " is , well , here 's s clue how ridiculous it really is .
The quotation below is that of ADOLF HITLER ( the guy Bush 's grandfather Prescott , helped in banking his agenda ) .
Anyway , this quote is from HITLER : " The main plank in the National Socialist party is to abolish the liberalistic concept of the individual and to substitute for them , the folk community , rooted in the soil , and bound together by the bond of its xommon blood . "
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... StupidSteve said on 11/12/2009 @ 10:17 am PT ...
Cassini's camera captured this image of the misty plume spewing from the south polar region of Saturn ’s moon Enceladus on its Nov. 2 , 2009 , flyby .
Image credit : NASA / JPL / Space Science Institute
( PhysOrg.com ) -- Cassini has started sending data back from its Nov. 2 flyby of Saturn 's moon Enceladus .
The Cassini spacecraft has weathered the Monday , Nov. 2 , flyby of Saturn 's moon Enceladus in good health and has been sending images and data of the encounter back to Earth .
Cassini had approached Enceladus more closely before , but this passage took the spacecraft on its deepest plunge yet through the heart of the plume shooting out from the south polar region .
Scientists are eagerly sifting through the results .
In the unprocessed image above ( top left ) , sunlight brightens a crescent curve along the edge of Enceladus and highlights the moon 's misty plume .
The image was captured by Cassini 's narrow - angle camera as the spacecraft passed about 190,000 kilometers ( 120,000 miles ) over the moon .
Another raw image ( top right ) appears to show separate jets spewing from the moon .
This image was taken from approximately 330,000 kilometers ( 200,000 miles ) away .
The animation shows the approach to Enceladus , rotating through the various instruments scanning Enceladus for data .
Then at around 7:40 a.m. UTC , Cassini takes its long - anticipated dip through the heart of the plumes .
The spacecraft then zooms away from the moon , continuing to take measurements against the background of the peach - colored Saturn .
Then the spacecraft inspects Enceladus again .
Credit : NASA
At its closest point on Nov. 2 , Cassini flew about 100 kilometers ( 60 miles ) above the surface of Enceladus .
Since the discovery of the plume in 2005 , scientists have been captivated by the enigmatic jets .
Previous flybys detected water vapor , sodium and organic molecules , but scientists need to know more about the plume 's composition and density to characterize the source , possibly a liquid ocean under the moon 's icy surface .
It would also help them determine whether Enceladus has the conditions necessary for life .
Mission managers did extensive studies to make sure the spacecraft could fly safely through the plumes and not use an excessive amount of propellant .
To see one scientist 's preview of the flyby , click here .
Provided by JPL / NASA ( news : web )
Explore further Cassini Flies Through Watery Plumes of Saturn Moon
The Pirate Party and the Green group in the European Parliament are planning to put forward an Internet Bill of Rights .
What do you think it should contain ?
We have n’t written one yet , and we want to try a new way of doing so .
We want to draft it together with the swarm on the Internet .
Everybody is hereby invited to participate and contribute .
We ’ll start with a free form discussion , on especially two topics :
What should be in it ?
What existing documents are there that we can cut and paste from ?
The second question comes not just out of laziness a desire to work efficiently , but for a more fundamental reason .
We do n’t want to reinvent new fundamental rights , unless we absolutely have to .
We want to recognize the fact that the Internet is a central part of our society ’s information infrastructure , and clarify that our fundamental human rights apply there as well , just like in the rest of society .
I will give a first draft of an answer to the first question :
What sections should be in the Internet Bill of Rights ?
Fundamental rights .
The European Convention on Human Rights should be respected on the net as well , including Article 8 ( the right to privacy ) and Article 10 ( information freedom ) .
Net neutrality .
Internet operators should provide neutral connections without any restrictions on content , sites , platforms , or the kinds of equipment that may be attached .
Mere conduit .
I return for providing net neutrality , Internet operators and other suppliers of information infrastructure should not be held responsible for the information exchanged by their clients .
These are my first suggestions .
Are there any other areas that ought to be covered by an Internet Bill of Rights ?
The floor is open , and all suggestions and comments are welcome .
Comments are even more welcome on the second question :
What existing documents are there that already express things that should be in the Internet Bill of Rights ?
The European Convention on Human Rights , obviously .
But there are lots of other documents that are already established , that say what we want to say .
The FCC definition of Net neutraly , a number of already passed EU directives , other documents by various groups or authorities …
Finding information is what the swarm is particularly good at .
For that reason , I throw the question open .
What is there that we should take into consideration ?
The feeling I have after the successful conclusion of the Telecoms Package , is that there are many parliamentarians who agree that we need to address these issues now , and who want to be part of something good .
If we come up with a good proposal , it is not at all impossible that we will be able to build a strong political majority around it .
Thing could happen here .
So let ’s discuss what it is we want .
The floor is open .
…………
Andra bloggar om : piratpartiet , eu , politik , informationspolitik
Brendan Smialowski for The New York Times
Senator John Barrasso , a conservative freshman Republican from Wyoming , said on Tuesday that he would try to stop the Central Intelligence Agency from opening a new climate change center by choking off its funding .
“ The C.I.A. is responsible for gathering foreign intelligence information for the United States , ” Mr. Barrasso said in announcing an amendment to a 2010 spending bill to block any money being spent by the agency on the new office .
“ I do n’t believe creating a center on climate change is going to prevent terrorist attacks . ”
The agency announced late last month that it was creating a Center on Climate Change and National Security to look at how droughts , rising seas , mass migrations and competition for resources could affect the nation ’s military and economic priorities .
In a press release , the agency said it did not intend to duplicate scientific work done by other government and private institutions .
Rather , the agency said , the new unit would advise policymakers as they negotiate and verify international environmental agreements , including whatever emerges from the 192 - nation global warming talks in Copenhagen in December .
“ Decision makers need information and analysis on the effects climate change can have on security , ” said Leon Panetta , the C.I.A. director .
“ The C.I.A. is well positioned to deliver that intelligence . ”
The small center will be led by specialists from the agency ’s intelligence bureau and its directorate of science and technology .
It will compile and distribute satellite imagery and other information that can help policy makers and scientists inside and outside of government understand global environmental phenomena .
Climate change is a relatively new area of study for the American intelligence community .
The National Intelligence Council , which produces government - wide intelligence analyses , completed its first assessment of the national security implications of climate change just last year .
The unclassified report concluded that climate change would have significant geopolitical impacts around the world and would contribute to a host of problems , including poverty , environmental degradation and the weakening of national governments .
The assessment warned that the storms , droughts and food shortages that might result from a warming planet in coming decades would create numerous relief emergencies and put added strains on the American military .
Senator Barrasso said the intelligence community had enough challenges without taking on global warming .
“ Is this climate change center going to make demands on the current C.I.A. bureaucracy ? ” Mr. Barrasso said in his press statement .
“ Will someone sitting in a dark room watching satellite video of northern Afghanistan now be sitting in a dark room watching polar ice caps ? ”
“ This is reinventing the wheel , ” he added .
“ We need to let the agencies tasked with monitoring climate change do their job .
These agencies can provide the C.I.A. with any information they need . ”
Water vapour and other particles spew from fissures on the moon 's surface
Nasa has released the latest raw images of Saturn 's moon Enceladus , from the Cassini spacecraft 's extended mission to the planet and its satellites .
The images show the moon 's rippling terrain in remarkable clarity .
Cassini started transmitting uncalibrated temperature data and images during a flyby on 21 November .
The data will help scientists create a highly detailed mosaic image of the southern part of the moon 's Saturn - facing hemisphere , and a thermal map .
This thermal map will help researchers to study the long fractures in the south polar region of the moon 's surface , which have been dubbed " tiger stripes " and are warmer than the rest of the surface .
The icy moon 's surface contains ridges and fractures Scientists are particularly interested in these fissures because they spew out jets of water vapour , and other particles , in plumes that reach hundreds of kilometres above the surface .
This flyby was scientists ' last peek at the tiger stripes before the south pole fades into the darkness of winter for many years .
Cassini completed its initial four - year mission to explore Saturn in June 2008 .
But because the spacecraft is still functioning so well , it was reprogrammed to work overtime on the Cassini Equinox Mission .
The extended mission will last until late 2010 .
It was named after Saturn 's equinox , which occurred in August 2009 - when the sun shone directly on the equator , illuminating the northern hemisphere and the rings ' northern face .
Working overtime Saturn 's orbit is so vast that Equinox happens only once every 15 Earth years .
Cassini is now continuing to observe seasonal changes brought about by the changing sun angle on Saturn , its rings and its moons .
One of the " tiger stripes " from a previous Enceladus flyby " These first raw images are spectacular , and paint an even more fascinating picture of Enceladus , " said Bob Pappalardo , Cassini project scientist at Nasa 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , US .
" The Cassini teams will be delving into the data to better understand the workings of this bizarre , active moon . "
This was the eighth targeted flyby of Enceladus , and brought Cassini to within about 1,600 km ( 1,000 miles ) of the moon 's surface .
Cassini is now cruising toward Rhea , another of the planet 's moons .
Cassini's data will allow scientists to map the active moon in new detail
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
John Carmack is a gaming and programming legend , having co-founded id Software and having served as the lead developer on iconic games like Wolfenstein 3D , Doom , and Quake .
Most recently , Carmack has been working to port some of id ’s classic titles over to the iPhone , and more often that not , has had positive things to say about the iPhone ’s capabilities as a gaming platform .
But that does n’t mean that his experience of working with Apple has gone off without a hitch , and indeed , his interactions with Apple stretch back to before the iPhone was even under development .
In a recent interview with Kotaku , Carmack discussed what it ’s like working with Apple and his opinion on how Apple executives truly feel about the iPhone as a gaming device .
“ My relationship with Apple has been long standing , but it ’s a rollercoaster ride , ” said Carmack .
“ I ’ll be invited up on stage for a keynote one month and then I ’ll say something they do n’t like and I can be blacklisted for six months . ”
But Carmack is nonetheless encouraged by the fact that his long time colleague and former id employee Graeme Devine now works in Apple ’s iPhone Game Technologies division .
Devine ’s portfolio includes work on Quake III , Doom 3 , Return to Castle Wolfenstein , Age of Empires 3 , and Halo Wars .
So yeah , he ’s legit .
Kotaku notes that Devine began working at Apple earlier this year , and Carmack sees this as a positive step in the right direction .
“ Graeme Devine is in a significant position as a game developer at Apple , ” Carmack said .
“ I have a real man on the inside now .
We knew each other from way back in the day .
He ’s a real developer and I understand everything he is saying . ”
The most interesting thing Carmack had to say , however , centered on what he feels is Apple ’s underlying disinterest in gaming .
“ At the highest level of Apple , in their heart of hearts , ” Carmack said , “ they ’re not proud of the iPhone being a game machine , they wish it was something else . ”
And truth be told , for a company that ’s been as averse to gaming as Apple has been over the years , I can definitely see some truth in that assessment .
While I ’m sure Apple does n’t mind that people enjoy using the iPhone to play games , I would n’t be surprised if the higher ups at Apple are afraid that the iPhone / iPod Touch will be defined by that sole feature when the device is truly capable of so much more .
A new study has found the east Antarctic icesheet , which sits behind Australia 's Casey Station , has lost billions of tonnes of ice in the past three years .
Researchers from the University of Texas have been studying the ocean - icesheet interaction in Antarctica for the past seven years .
They have found that since 2006 , the east Antarctic icesheet is losing more ice than it is gaining .
The majority of the loss is in coastal regions and is estimated at 57 billion tonnes a year .
The Australian Antarctic Division 's Dr Roland Warner says the study confirms Antarctica is contributing to a rise in global sea levels .
" This is confirming the sorts of things that one would expect in a warming world and the fact that this Antarctic system is not in some exact equilibrium at the moment , is in fact losing ice into the ocean , is an indication that things are changing , " he said .
" That 's contributing to half a millimetre of sea level rise per year . "
It is estimated that sea levels are rising a total of three millimetres a year .
The study also found the smaller but less stable West Antarctic icesheet is also shedding significant amounts of ice .
Scientists used twin satellites to detect mass flows into the ocean by measuring changes in the Earth 's gravity field .
And while they found significant losses in both east and west Antarctica , they warn the satellites do have a margin for error .
Dr Warner says scientists are also studying changes to icesheets .
" The Totten Glacier and the enormous catchment area it has south is the subject of a big Australian field program to measure accurately the geometry and the character of the ice , " he said .
" We will be able to make more reliable computer models to project what might happen in the future . "
PC gaming super - blog Rock , Paper , Shotgun loves R&D !
In a new review Alec Meer praises the mod as " a seismic shift " away from the norm , telling readers that it is " as must - play as an HL2 mod gets " :
R&D ’s hook is that it ’s essentially non-combative .
Yep – you go without guns throughout ( bar the ol ’ Gravity jobbie , but hey , that ’s more about construction than destruction here ) .
Sure , you can tell an Antlion to claw someone to death or arrange to squash men with falling girders , but you ’re definitely not Edward Pistolhands .
It ’s an environmental adventure game , taking the irregular physics and logic puzzles seen in HL2 itself and turning them into the game itself .
Mazes , gravity , exploding microwaves and fire - retardant antlion carapaces all make an appearance – it ’s very much a point ’n ’click adventure in an FPS engine .
If you still have n't played Research and Development , which requires Episode Two , download it now !
Update : Destructoid also has a very positive review .
Where are those lawsuit abuse groups when you really need them ?
Chance are that you 've seen ads , letters - to - the - editor , op - ed pieces and other materials put out by outfits with such civic - sounding names on Citizens Against Lawsuit Abuse .
By whatever name , the message is always the same , usually delivered in a sort of urgent , basso profundo voice saying something like this : " Bloodsucking lawyers are constantly filing frivolous lawsuits against beleaguered corporations .
Stop these lawyers and their loser clients — demand that your lawmakers cut them off from the courthouse . "
Hmmmm .
Stop consumers from bullying big business — now there 's an improbable populist cause if I ever heard one !
Who are these " citizens " who 've formed such noisy lawsuit abuse groups ?
Well , they 're just neighbors , we 're told by the groups .
Yeah , assuming you have a neighbor named Philip Morris .
In the mid-'90s , this tobacco giant was still fighting off class - action lawsuits from hundreds of thousands of Americans who'd been addicted to , sickened and killed by the corporation 's murderous products .
Unable to win in court , Philip Morris and its corporate allies secretly launched a nationwide campaign to rig the rules of judicial access in their favor .
Philip Morris itself put up $ 16 million in 1995 to hire a PR firm to create faux " grassroots " fronts in every state under the banner of Citizens Against Lawsuit Abuse .
These CALA front groups ( which continue to demonize consumer lawyers and fight for new laws to take away our fundamental right to seek legal redress against corporations that injure us ) are funded and controlled through another corporate front named ATRA — American Tort Reform Association .
Its backers include a who 's who of big business brand names , from Anheuser - Busch to Wyeth Pharmaceuticals .
The lawsuit abuse groups are innately dishonest , not only because they deliberately hide their special - interest parentage from the public , but also because they 're not really against abusive lawsuits .
It 's only legal actions against big corporations that get their knickers in a knot .
On the other hand , when those same corporations turn their powerhouse legal departments against the hoi polloi ( consumers , small businesses , environmental groups , etc. ) , we never hear a peep of complaint from a CALA about abuse .
Curiously inconsistent , huh ?
For example , where is their outrage about Hansen Beverage Inc. , the nationwide , billion - dollar marketer of " Monster " energy drinks ?
This Goliath has unleashed its legal hounds to go chasing clear across the continent to take a big bite out of a tiny David in Morrisville , Vt .
There , Matt and Renee Nadeau have created a local business producing artisan beers .
Their Rock Art Brewery employs seven people , and they make a terrific brew with the bodacious name of , " The Vermonster . "
When this label hit the sensitive radar of Hansen Beverage , the corporate lawyers fired off a nuclear email to the Nadeaus , demanding that they cease and desist from using the Vermonster name — or be sued .
Sued for what ?
For infringing on Hansen 's " Monster " trademark , barked the cross-country lawyers , adding that Rock Art 's use of " Vermonster " would " undoubtedly create a likelihood of ( consumer ) confusion " between the two brands .
Uh , we make a beer not an energy drink , replied the Nadeaus — and our beer comes in a 22 - ounce brown bottle that looks nothing like a Hansen product .
Commonsense , however , is not spoken by corporate lawyers , and the Hansen gang promptly shifted from frivolous to abusive , demanding the surrender of the label , plus compensation to cover Hansen 's high - priced legal fees .
Corporate executives and lawyers know that they can drag out cases like this for years .
The timeline takes no skin off the nose of billion - dollar outfits with their own legal staffs , but a protracted fight can quickly bankrupt a small business .
Thus , even though the corporate power is in the wrong , it can usually bully the innocent into submission .
Maybe not this time , though .
" Corporate America can't be allowed to do this , " declared a defiant Matt Nadeau .
So the feisty couple has mounted an online campaign to rally us consumers and others to push back against the abuse of the Hansen " monster . "
They wo n't get the support of the CALA frauds , but maybe they 'll get yours .
Check out their revolt at www.rockartbrewery.com
To find out more about Jim Hightower , and read features by other Creators Syndicate writers and cartoonists , visit the Creators Syndicate web page at www.creators.com.
3
Partners in style View photos Collaboration is never easy .
Here Fortune salutes the teams who make hard work look as smooth as silk .
Photographs by Ben Baker .
Quick Vote
How strong is any economic recovery in your area ?
Very strong
Small signs of a rebound
No recovery here or View results
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
In a major consolidation of the tool industry , Stanley Works agreed to acquire Black & Decker in a $ 4.5 billion all - stock deal , the companies said Monday .
Under the terms of the deal , Black & Decker ( BDK , Fortune 500 ) shareholders will receive 1.275 shares of Stanley Works ( SWK ) common stock for each B &D share .
That 's a 22.1 % premium to Black & Decker 's closing share price on Friday .
The deal is expected to close in early 2010 , and the new company will be called Stanley Black & Decker .
Black & Decker shares rose almost 20 % in after - hours trading , while Stanley shares jumped 2.6 % .
Stanley , which is a leader in hand tools , owns brand names including FatMax , Bostitch and Mac Tools .
Last month , Stanley raised its 2009 earnings outlook to $ 2.84 to $ 2.94 per share from its previous prediction of $ 2.34 to $ 2.84 per share .
Black & Decker , known for its power tools , owns Kwikset , Baldwin and Price Pfister , among others .
" Joining these two companies together creates a powerful engine for growth , both as markets around the world recover and over the long - term , " said Stanley chief executive John Lundgren , in a statement .
Lundgren will become president and CEO of the new company .
The merger will save about $ 350 million in costs over the next three years , the statement said .
Once the deal is complete , Stanley shareholders will own approximately 50.5 % of the equity of the combined company and Black & Decker shareholders will own about 49.5 % .
Six members from Black & Decker 's board of directors will join the nine current Stanley members .
Here and there we ’ll make an effort to visit with Stacy Keibler ’s eBay store to see what ’s doing .
The former leggy WWE Diva ’s online selling has slowed lately ( see her 30th birthday sale item after jump ) but she made a splash this week with a return to selling bikinis used during Diva photo shoots .
Starting bid ?
$ 275 .
The latest offering comes from the Diva ’s July 2004 magazine “ Beauty and the Beach . ”
Looking to pick up the perfect Christmas gift for the wife – or the husband ’s memoribilia collection ?
This bikini is sure to be a conversation starter or the perfect outfit for that Spring Break trip to Cancun .
That is a $ 185 hat Keibler wore at Disneyland last month for her b-day .
At one point during the Keibler eBay selling hysteria she was selling cocktail dresses and ring boots .
The selling may have hit a low point this past week when some guy actually wanted the Disney hat she wore during a 30th birthday visit to the amusement park .
The final bid ?
$ 185 .
So , as you can imagine , the bikini has much more value to the disturbed collector or the guy who just wants to be close to Stacy .
Sorry to bust all the perverts bubbles but Stacy has some news for you inside the listing .
Fabric has hint of Shimmer … ……
Ebay policy requires all items to be properly cleaned per manufacturers instructions prior to shipping
But you ’ll still get a signed letter of authenticity to prove to your buddies that Stacy wore the bikini .
Awesome !
[ Keibler Smoke ‘ N Salmon Bikini – eBay ]
[ nggallery id=37 ]
CAMBRIDGE , Mass . 
Gone are the hot breakfasts in most dorms and the pastries at Widener Library .
Varsity athletes are no longer guaranteed free sweat suits , and just this week came the jarring news that professors will go without cookies at faculty meetings .
By Harvard standards , these are hard times .
Not Dickensian hard times , but with the value of its endowment down by almost 30 percent , the world ’s richest university is learning to live with less .
The Faculty of Arts and Sciences , Harvard ’s largest division , has cut about $ 75 million from its budget in recent months and is planning more .
With the cuts extending beyond hiring and salary freezes to measures that affect what students eat , where they study and other parts of their daily routine , the euphoria of fall in Harvard Yard is dampened .
The Faculty of Arts and Sciences anticipates a deficit of $ 130 million over the next two years and is awaiting recommendations from groups of faculty members and students who have been weighing the options .
Pro-family group livid retailer was promoting ‘ Happy Whateveryouwannakah ’ Day
The conservative American Family Association has decided to extend a holiday gesture to a company that it had just recently decided to boycott .
From a press release sent to RAW STORY :
The American Family Association is suspending its Christmas season - boycott of Gap , Old Navy and Banana Republic pending the debut of a new Christmas - themed commercial this Saturday , Nov. 28 .
Gap ’s Vice - President of Corporate Communications , Bill Chandler , informed the AFA via email that Old Navy ’s new commercial “ has a very strong Christmas theme . ”
“ As a gesture of our ‘ good will to men , ’ we have decided to suspend our boycott of Gap and its divisions until we see the content of this new commercial , ” said Bryan Fischer , the AFA ’s director of issues analysis .
“ We firmly believe that Gap is responding to an enormous amount of pressure from the AFA network .
It looks like Gap has finally decided that a recession is a bad time to take a principled stand on secularism and alienate a huge percentage of their customer base .
We ’re happy that they ’re apparently keeping Christ and Christmas in the Christmas season . ”
Added Buddy Smith , the executive assistant to Tim Wildmon , the president of AFA , “ Gap cheapened the meaning of this holy day in their most recent commercial by putting it on the same level as Kwanzaa and the winter solstice .
But , because of the importance of Christ ’s influence on the world in general and America in particular , celebrating His birth should be in a class all by itself .
We are pleased that Gap is apparently beginning to agree . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
However , the statement adds , “ AFA officials made it clear that the boycott may be resumed if the new ad is not respectful to Christians and Christmas shoppers . ”
AFA ’s beef with the GAP is that their new ad campaign “ mentions Christmas but encourages people to have a ‘ Happy Whateveryouwannakah , ' ” Denver ’s 7 News reported earlier this month .
“ AFA believes this ad to be completely dismissive and disrespectful to those who celebrate the meaning and spirit of Christmas , ” said Randy Sharp of the American Family Association . ….
When 7NEWS asked people what they thought about “ Whateveryouwannakah , ” the reactions were mixed .
“ Everything is PC about everything , ” said Vicky Greer .
“ I think it ’s funny , ” said Suzanne Wilson .
The Week noted that the AFA had complained that the GAP was “ taking a ‘ cavalier approach ’ to the Christian holiday by equating it with ‘ pagan ’ holidays .
Since the day after Thanksgiving , referred to by retailers as Black Friday , is the busiest shopping day of the year , GAP stores have to be pleased with the AFA ’s decision .
ADVERTISEMENT
If the GAP commercial , say , includes an all - out fist fight between Santa and Jesus ( YouTube link to South Park clip ) , however , then the boycott will probably be back in full effect before anyone ’s leftover Thanksgiving turkey is finished .
This is a video of the GAP ’s Christmas ad :
Is Legit Online Jobs Scam ?
How To Avoid Work At Home Data Entry Scams
If you are searching for legit online jobs you need to be aware of the work at home data entry scams .
Recently , we at a Scam Review did some serious research on work at home data entry scams and related online jobs scam .
Nearly every offer we researched was based around misleading ads and lies .
In fact , many of these ads that promised so much money were not for jobs at all and had nothing to do with entering data .
Most of them were link building jobs that would earn affiliate commissions .
There is a significant amount of advertisement on the net for data entry jobs that offer to make you money online .
These offers are not usually very specific and this is not helped by the fact that data entry is a very confusing term .
It can mean anything from paid surveying to affiliate marketing and everything else in between , including data entry work from home scams .
Before jumping into an occupation that sounds too good to be true , it is best to take a look at the research below and find out first whether or not it is really worth it .
Check out our Legit Online Jobs scam review below .
Excellent All Around Program # 1 Legit Online Jobs Legit Online Jobs Scam Review Legit Online Jobs is quickly becoming popular in the work at home arena .
Many people claim to be earning some serious cash , while others say it ’s a scam .
What is the truth behind the mixed messages ?
Let ’s get to the bottom of this and disclose the facts about Legit Online Jobs scam .
What are the pros ?
Number One
The program covers different methods of making money online .
This includes data entry , auto pilot websites , Google Adsense , as well as affiliate marketing and more .
The site is straightforward and simple to navigate .
The information supplied is useful and worth reading .
The system is actually what they advertise .
Accessibility
No matter where one lives , these make money methods will work .
It will definitely help people from the UK .
Anyone that wants to get involved with Legit Online Jobs will be able to work from anywhere in the world .
How It Works
The first step is to select a business to promote .
There is a large list of various products , companies and services to choose from .
The next step is simply to complete a form that creates an ad for that business , and then the system will automatically posts this new advertisement .
This is a unique marketing program that is clever and easy to follow .
Some people confuse this new marketing approach with paid surveys .
Legit Online Jobs has set things up so that it can be used by nearly everyone .
All the ads created are posted quickly on classified sites without any further work from the user .
Sales tend to appear fairly quickly if a good offer was selected .
Easy To Use
This program provides plenty of information on how to use the system and these include a lot of screenshots .
This makes it even easier to read and understand and is also proof that these are real , functioning methods of earning money .
But Does It Make You Money ?
Within two days of trying the program I was able to earned $ 109 from various sales commissions and this with only a few hours of work .
This was mostly spent exploring the website and learning the system , which is a slight learning curve .
Part of the time was also spent choosing a company .
What are the cons ?
Amazingly , there are no cons to Legit Online Jobs .
The system works and is worth testing out .
Legit Online Jobs Scam Review : Final
Thought !
In the end , this is the best program for data keying work out there .
Considering all of the sites available on the net , this site is one of the rare few that offer exactly what it says .
Thumps up !
Visit Legit Online Jobs Data Entry Bank - Avoid Work At Home Data Entry Scams to Watch For
There are a number of sites that are nothing else but scams .
Here are some valuable tips on avoiding these deceiving work at home data entry scams .
x No Real Companies
It is hard to believe but more than ninety percent of programs that claim to be entry of data actually have nothing to do with it .
The ads use the wording for data entry , but in the end , they are just scams .
x Incorrect Information
The vast majority of these programs are really involved in affiliate marketing and while this is a legit method of earning money , it is still a lie to call it data entry .
While it is possible to earn money this way , people are conned constantly and must put money out to advertise the products they are interested in promoting .
x Who Makes The Money ?
The creators of these sites with data entry scams are the ones making the money .
While many people realize they are being scammed , most will never request their refund .
x No Refunds !
Big red flag .
Whenever there is no guarantee that money will be made , things should be avoided .
This is a sure sign that things are not right .
x Data Entry Work At Home Scams
Keep in mind that there are hundreds , if not thousands , of make money fast scams out there .
Of these , data keying is one of the biggest and can rapidly deplete funds .
Instead , be careful and do some research to ensure that only real online positions are being taken .
This can be done by checking reviews similar to this one and heeding the advice given .
Last Word On Data Entry At Home Scams
Remember guys , data typing jobs is ripe with money making scams systems and work at home data entry scams promising riches the world over .
Take particular care in this field as you research ways to earn extra money from your home with real opportunities that will help you to pay your monthly bills .
Good luck !
Doctors said the regrowth was remarkable given the size of the area of bone
The severely damaged skull of a Northumberland man involved in a car crash 50 years ago has regenerated itself , a process thought to be rare .
Doctors operated to treat an infection in Gordon Moore 's head and found the bone had grown back beneath the metal plate inserted after the accident .
This would not be unusual in a child , whose bones are growing , but there are very few documented cases in adults .
Doctors said it was particularly remarkable given the size of the area .
Mr Moore , from Ridsdale , made headlines previously by becoming among the first tourists to visit Iraq and Afghanistan .
We had no idea what we were going to find underneath , but I did n't expect to find a new skull
Param Bhattathiri
Neurosurgeon
The former postmaster flipped his car while driving near Berwick in 1955 .
The metal plate which was inserted was itself dented three years later in a subsequent car crash .
His new skull reportedly follows the contours of this dent .
Mr Moore said the plate had never bothered him , but he was relieved he would no longer " set the alarms off at the airport " .
His consultant , Param Bhattathiri , told the Newcastle - based Evening Chronicle : " It was a great surprise to find the skull had grown back .
" You would expect it in a child , but not in an adult , certainly not in an area of bone so big . "
But he added it was unusual in any event to remove a metal plate after so many years .
Tests are to be carried out to ascertain the thickness and strength of the new bone .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
After posting massive losses , yet again , Fannie and Freddie have warned that they will be needing another round of bailouts in the near future .
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , already reeling in red ink , are warning they could face additional losses from the weakening condition of mortgage - insurance companies .
Fannie and Freddie together have required capital injections from the Treasury of $ 112 billion since the government took them over through conservatorship last year .
Their need for government support would have been greater without collecting on claims from mortgage - insurance companies .
Fannie and Freddie have received payouts of $ 2.3 billion and $ 658 million , respectively , from mortgage insurers through September this year .
But as conditions for mortgage insurers deteriorate , Fannie and Freddie have warned that their claims against the insurers may not be paid in full .
So you see , contracts are only sacred when it comes to taxpayer money .
Private mortgage insurance is required on any home mortgage with less than a 20 % downpayment .
The insurance typically only covers a fraction of the losses in the event of a default .
Last month , Standard & Poor 's Ratings Services downgraded Mortgage Guaranty Insurance Corp. , a unit of MGIC Investment Corp. , the largest mortgage insurer for both Fannie and Freddie , and placed seven other mortgage - insurance companies on watch for downgrade .
S&P said its move reflects " our view that macroeconomic conditions may have become more difficult for the mortgage insurers . "
It 's sort of hard to buy into this housing recovery spin when the mortgage insurers are scaling back on business and being downgraded .
The story does n't end here .
It seems the so - called housing recovery is threatening the viability of the FHA as well .
Due to “ significant losses ” on mortgages closed before this year , the Federal Housing Administration ’s ( FHA ) capital reserve ratio plummeted below the congressionally mandated 2 % threshold , according to an actuarial study of FHA ’s fiscal strength .
The capital reserve ratio , which measures the reserves held in excess of what is needed to cover projected default - related losses over the next 30 years , now stands at 0.53 % of total insurance - in - force as of September , compared with 3 % in fall of 2008 .
These funds , held in the FHA ’s Capital Reserve Account , are in excess of the funds held in the Financing Account to cover the “ base case ” projection of capital needed to cover default - related losses on existing loans over the next 30 years .
Most of the FHA 's projections predict no need for a taxpayer bailout .
Of course the FHA never forecast a drop in reserves below the congressionally mandated 2 % threshold either , so you have to wonder how good those projections are .
[ Update : ]
It seems the losses at the FHA are forcing them to reconsider the wisdom of personally trying to re-inflate the housing bubble .
( Dow Jones ) - U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development Secretary Shaun Donovan said his agency is " actively looking " at raising premiums and minimum downpayments for borrowers seeking a Federal Housing Administration - backed mortgage .
Painful Adjustments to the " New Normal " Economy
We left our Crash Alert flag up while we were away in the mountains .
And for a while last week it looked like we were geniuses .
Stocks seemed like they were going to crash .
But along came two very important bits of information .
First , we got word that the crisis was officially over .
GDP grew last quarter .
Thanks to all the Cash for Clunkers , Cash for Bankers , Cash for Houses , Cash for Trash , and cash for every other blessed thing under heaven , the number crunchers were able to report positive economic growth for the third quarter .
Let ’s not get too excited .
Stocks bounce .
Bonds bounce .
An economy bounces .
Even dead economists bounce .
And if we ’re following the Japanese experience , with a long , slow on - again / off - again period of depression , we can expect some quarters of growth , followed by quarters of non-growth .
It ’s going to be a painful adjustment to the ‘ new normal , ’ whatever that is .
The other important bit of news was that the Fed – faced with undeniable evidence of growth and prosperity – decided to err on the side of caution .
It will keep monetary policy loose from here until kingdom come , if necessary , in order to avoid a Japan - style slump .
But so far , a Japan - style slump is just what we seem to have …and our public officials are fighting it , Japan - style .
Unemployment is headed up .
The U6 figure – a more accurate picture of how many people are out of work – is up to 17 % .
There are 1.5 million homeless children in the US now , including 300,000 in the state of California alone .
One out of 10 Americans will not bite the hand of government – for it is the hand that gives him his food stamps .
Foreign direct investment has dropped 30 % .
International trade is down 10 % .
Do you call this a recovery ?
We do n’t .
As David Rosenberg puts it , the man on the street is perhaps “ less enthused by the fact that a lower rate of inventory de-stocking is arithmetically underpinning GDP growth at this time . ”
In other words , it ’s ‘ growth ’ that only an economist could love … and then , only an economist who was an idiot .
Rosenberg :
“ Put simply , a Wall Street Journal / NBC
News poll just found that 58 % of the public believe the economic recession still has a ways to go – and that is up from 52 % in September and means that the private investor , unlike the hedge fund manager , is not interested in adding risk to the portfolio even after a 60 % surge in the equity market .
“ Only 29 % of those polled believe the economy has hit bottom – imagine having that psychology with nearly zero interest rates , a bloated Fed balance sheet and unprecedented fiscal deficits ( poll was taken from October 23 - 25 ) .
Nearly two in three ( 64 % ) said the rally in the stock market ( still a bear market rally – not the onset of a new bull market ) has not swayed their view ( or ours for that matter ) .
There is going to be some very tough slogging ahead as far as the economy is concerned . ”
Growth is largely illusional .
It is the result of delusional policy - making at the Fed .
So , we ’ll just keep our Crash Alert flag flying .
Meanwhile , gold hit a new record high yesterday .
It ’s at $ 1,089 .
More on gold , below .
The Dow went up too – 203 points yesterday .
It ’s over 10,000 again .
Not very impressive for a bear market bounce .
A 50 % retracement would take the Dow to 10,300 .
But you have to give the bounce credit .
It ’s been going on since March .
That is impressive .
And now everyone is bullish , except us .
We ’ll see who ’s right … in the fullness of time …
Gold seems to be advancing towards a new milestone – $ 1,100 .
Makes us nervous .
We always feel more comfortable out in the wide , open spaces … that is to say , in trades we have all to ourselves .
But gold is still a marginal holding by marginal investors – like us .
Central banks – especially those in emerging countries – have very little gold .
The man on the street does n’t know anything about gold .
He would n’t know a gold coin if it hit him on the head .
As gold becomes accepted as a true store of value , we can expect more and more people to want to own it .
Practice makes perfect , but how ?
Two groups of neuroscientists using MRI brain imaging announced last month that they were able to see changes inside the brains of people after mastering a new skill .
The big surprise is that the part of the brain that changed has no neurons or synapses in it !
The cerebral remodeling during learning was seen in the mysterious and still largely unexplored “ white matter ” region of the brain .
“ Grey matter ” is synonymous with smarts , but in fact only half of the human brain is grey matter .
White matter , the “ other brain tissue ” , is rarely mentioned .
Neurons in the cerebral cortex are packed into in the top layers of the brain , where they are connected together through synapses .
Learning takes place in the grey matter by linking neurons together into new circuits by strengthening synapses or forming new ones .
But beneath the topsoil of the brain lies a dense network of fibers packed into a spaghetti- like snarl that is so complicated it is difficult to study or comprehend .
These fibers are the wire - like axons projecting out from neurons in grey matter that transmit electrical impulses .
Like buried telephone lines , these tightly bundled cables transmit information over long distances to communicate between distant regions of the cerebral cortex that are specialized to carry out different aspects of a complex cognitive function .
To understand the importance of white matter , consider what is happening under the baseball cap of a left fielder leaping over the wall to snatch a baseball in mid air .
Visual processing in the back of his brain perceives and tracks the flying object and at the same time it monitors all the other objects on the field as the athlete runs to catch the ball .
Then the motor control centers in the parietal region of his brain engage to launch his body on a running trajectory to intercept the projectile .
Finally , precisely timed fine motor control extends his arm into space with millimeter precision to clench fingers at the right instant to pluck the speeding ball out of the sky .
All the while the player simultaneously perceives the fluid situation on the field as runners advance and strategies unfold so that he can make critical split - second decisions —
“ Do I hold the ball or hurl it to home plate ? ”
This higher level decision making is calculated in the frontal lobes , just behind the eye brows .
All this vital communication sweeps across the entire brain from the back of the skull to the front to activate different regions of cerebral cortex specialized in executing individual aspects of the skill .
That ’s the job of white matter — long distant speedy communication .
The tissue is white because many axons are coated with tightly wrapped layers of electrical insulation called myelin .
This insulation , made by non-neuronal cells ( called oligodendrocytes ) , speeds the transmission of electrical impulses 100 times faster than transmission rates through bare axons .
The complex skill of catching a baseball is a far cry from Pavlov and his slobbering dog learning to associate the sound of a bell with food .
Skill learning is likely to involve different mechanisms .
The kind of complex learning involved in mastering new skills such as catching a fly ball , takes time to learn and repetition over the course of days , weeks or years .
This type of learning is what these neuroscientists dared to tackle .
In the first study , Jan Scholz and colleagues at the University of Oxford , England , used MRI brain imaging to obtain a detailed scan of the brain of 48 right - handed adults .
Then they taught half of them to juggle .
Anyone who has tried to master the three - ball - toss knows how difficult juggling is and how much practice it takes to learn it .
But as in learning to ride a bike , once the complicated skill is mastered , suddenly everything “ clicks ” and the process becomes mysteriously automatic .
Learning to read is like that too , which is what the second research group investigated , but first let ’s have a look at the fascinating study peering into the brain of jugglers .
Six weeks after training , the jugglers had their brains re-scanned , as did the other half of the group who were not taught to juggle .
The untrained individuals comprise the vital experimental control group , which allows researchers to check whether any brain changes they find in the jugglers might have happened by chance .
What the researchers found is that the structure of white matter in the region beneath the cortical area known to handle visuo - motor processing became more highly organized after learning to juggle ( the right posterior intraparietal sulcus , IPS ) .
A third MRI taken a month later without any further training showed that the changes in the white matter in this area of the juggler ’s brain were still evident .
The study ’s lead author , a juggler herself , was not too surprised to see changes in this part of the brain , “ It is an area of visuo - motor integration , which is an essential aspect of learning to juggle , ” she told me .
“ The IPS is quite important for the co-ordination of quick and precise arm and grasping movements with the visual tracking of the juggling balls . ”
But the big surprise was to find that the white matter regions in this part of the brain had changed at all .
Not unexpectedly , changes were seen in the grey matter above these white matter fibers , but the grey matter changes seemed to be independent of the white matter changes .
“ The white matter changes seemed to be primarily training or activity related .
In contrast , once triggered , the grey matter changes seem to continue even after 4 weeks of training abstinence , suggesting a more sluggish underlying mechanism . ”
Changes in dendrites or vascular supply could have caused the grey matter changes , but what about the white matter ?
The brain imaging cannot tell us exactly what has changed at a cellular level in white matter after learning to juggle .
The technology , called diffusion tensor imaging , is sensitive to how uniformly water diffuses between the fibers in white matter .
The larger the fiber diameters and the more densely packed axons are , or the more thickly wrapped with myelin insulation , the better water flows along the fibers than in all directions .
Just as paint will flow up the bristles of a paint brush , but stains diffuse symmetrically through the fibers of a carpet because they are less organized , the microstructure of these white matter tracts carrying signals coordinating vision and hand motion became more organized after learning to juggle .
Since none of the jugglers were willing to donate their brains to science , we can only wonder what has changed on a cellular level in their white matter tracts as they learned the new skill .
Research on experimental animals shows that experience can increase myelin formation , and recently research has shown that impulse activity in axons is communicated to the myelin forming oligodendrocytes , stimulating them to form more myelin .
This is what the researchers would be most excited to learn , because changes in myelin during learning would affect the speed of information transmission through neural circuits , and optimizing the speed and synchrony of nervous signals transmitted between the distant cortical regions could in theory explain part of the process that enables us to learn new complex skills .
Another difficult but very important skill for everyone to master is learning to read .
Brain imaging has detected differences in certain white matter tracts in the brains of people with dyslexia , and differences in white matter have been observed in children with different reading abilities , but this does not necessarily mean that learning to read changes white matter .
These differences could be individual differences or related to a large number of other changes taking place in the brain of children as they mature .
To test this hypothesis , one would need a population of adults who were never taught to read , and then after giving them reading lessons , scan their brain for any changes .
But where would you find such a population of illiterate adults ?
Dr. Manuel Carreiras and colleagues at the Bosque Center of Cognition Brain and Language in Spain , told me he stumbled upon the perfect set of experimental subjects by chance .
“ I was looking for illiterates and they were very difficult to find in Spain .
One of my doctoral students was from Colombia , so I asked her . ”
She related the troubled history of guerrilla warriors in her country who were now being re-integrating into mainstream society and learning to read for the first time as adults .
“ So I asked her whether it would be possible to get them in Bogota , where we could find an MRI machine . ”
The brain scan gave the answer as clear as a picture .
The splenium of the corpus callosum was bigger in the guerrilla warriors who had completed the reading lessons .
The corpus callosum is the large bundle of fibers that connects the left and right sides of our brain together .
This was just the spot that previous research had found was sometimes underdeveloped in people with dyslexia .
A remarkable contribution of this study is that this is a snapshot of brain structure , not a DTI measure of water diffusion .
Carrieras and colleagues also did DTI and functional brain imaging , which backed up their findings with structural MRI .
Since the fibers in the splenium of the corpus callosum are laid down during embryonic development , the increased bulk of white matter in this pathway must have developed during the process of learning to read as an adult .
Again , we ca n’t say exactly what has changed on a cellular level in rewiring the brain during reading , but Dr. Carreiras also suspects increased myelin could be involved .
This raises some interesting new leads for helping children with dyslexia .
Most children with dyslexia struggle with reading , but eventually most do learn to read , and some become quite proficient in reading and writing later in life .
Their biggest problem , many argue , is a rigid school system that cannot adapt to the fact that there are great individual differences in the way everyone ’s brain is wired , and this affects the way and the rate of learning different kinds of skills , such as reading and mathematics .
Because this study shows that this white matter region vital for reading changed in the process of learning to read , this casts a new light on the large body of literature that had documented differences in dyslexic brains .
“ This new study therefore suggests that some of the differences seen in dyslexia may be a consequence of reading difficulties rather than a cause , ” Carreiras told me .
This new insight also offers a hopeful outlook for people with dyslexia because it suggests the possibility that dyslexics could ( or perhaps they do ) modify these pathways through experience as they eventually learn to cope with the reading difficulty .
“ This is precisely one of the questions we are addressing , ” he shared with me in explaining his plans for a large project on dyslexia in Spain .
Discovering changes in white matter turns traditional concepts of cellular learning on its head , because these are modifications of the output of neurons rather than changing the synaptic input .
Historically myelin was of no interest to neuroscientists working to understand how the brain learns .
Myelin was thought to be static , a structural element that was laid down on axons during development , but the insulation never changed unless it was damaged or diseased , as in multiple sclerosis .
These old assumptions are now being re-examined .
It 's now clear that we will never fully understand the mechanism of learning if all attention is focused only on what happens at tiny synapses and we fail to consider the efficiency of information flow through the global system of networks in the brain .
By analogy , neuroscientists have broadened their scope of investigation from the transistor to the internet .
Following this cerebral information highway is leading us on a fascinating road into the future .
Arizona schools Superintendent Tom Horne announced Friday that he has canceled a controversial pledge to hold quarterly lunches for top contributors if his campaign for attorney general is successful .
Horne 's announcement came on the same day The Arizona Republic reported that Horne had created a club for donors who gave the maximum contribution of $ 840 to meet with him quarterly throughout his terms in office .
The fundraising strategy was sharply criticized by state election officials , who said it offered access to the state 's highest ranking law - enforcement officer in exchange for political contributions .
They said they would immediately consider seeking new legislation that would make any such promise illegal .
Horne said Friday that he still believed the " 840 Club " was a good idea but wanted to avoid any misunderstanding .
" No one gets any special favors from me , " he said in a written statement .
" Any implication to the contrary is wrong . "
Horne , a Republican , would not say how many people have given $ 840 to his campaign .
In an interview Friday , he said that he was not required to disclose that until next year under campaign - contribution reporting laws .
He said he did not believe anyone gave money based on the promised meetings .
" They gave to me because they believe in what I stand for , " he said in an interview .
" If anybody wants their money back . . .
I will happily give it back . "
Horne stressed that the 840 Club was not about giving special access and that as superintendent , he is known as someone whose door is always open .
" I have always been extremely accessible , to teachers , constituents , taxpayers or virtually anyone who has asked to meet , " he wrote .
" The 840 Club would have been just one more way to get input and would not have involved any kind of access different than that of many people who do not contribute . "
Arizona Attorney General Terry Goddard , who has been in office since 2002 , cannot seek re-election in 2010 because of term limits .
In addition to Horne , two other Republicans and two Democrats have expressed interest in running for the office .
Horne is a former state legislator and former special assistant attorney general .
He said he started the 840 Club as part of an exploratory campaign .
In e-mails and printed mailers obtained by The Republic , Horne said that an individual 's maximum donation amount is $ 840 , or $ 1,680 per couple , and if " elected as attorney general , I pledge to have quarterly lunches with members of the ' 840 Club ' throughout my administrations . "
State election officials and a California ethics expert said the promise should raise red flags .
Election officials said if the same promise were made by a sitting elected official , it would likely be illegal .
They said the 840 Club exposed a gap in state law , because bribery statutes do not apply to campaign fundraising or to a candidate promising future access to office .
Assistant Secretary of State Jim Drake said Friday that he will continue pursuing legislation .
Reach the reporter at robert .anglen@arizonarepublic.com .
Every house you see has a blueprint behind .
Before it was built in real bricks and mortar , it existed in somebody ’s mind .
It was first a drawing on a drawing board .
A wireframe .
A scheme .
A design .
Your life as you live it right now has a blueprint behind .
A set of rules and values .
Every day you live your life according to that blueprint .
You ’re building your life based on your own lifestyle design .
What ’s Your Lifestyle Design ?
From my experience there are at least 3 ways in which you can design your lifestyle ( and more than 100 ways to improve your life , for what matters ) .
Think at them as they are architectural styles .
Different ways to build a house .
The first one is emotions driven .
The second one is social rules driven .
And the third is values driven .
Following Emotions
Your lifestyle design is based on joy , fear , enthusiasm , sorrow , thrill , or something in between .
You appreciate people based on how they make you feel .
Everything you do is a result of one of your emotions .
If somebody hurts you , you ’re sad .
If somebody makes you happy , you ’re joyful .
In the middle of your world is your heart .
Being emotions driven is a little bit of a roller - coaster .
It gets you up and down pretty fast .
Following Social Rules
Your lifestyle design is built on the most visible and secure path you can find and keep .
You appreciate people for the social validation you receive from them .
You hate rejection and obey rules .
If somebody hurts you , you focus on how the situation looks from “ the outside ” rather than honestly experiencing pain .
If somebody makes you happy , you feel accepted and integrated .
In the middle of your world is your material security .
Being social rules driven is like driving a huge truck .
Safe , difficult to change course , powerful and sometimes pretty boring .
Following Values
Your lifestyle design is based on discovery , learning and experimenting .
You appreciate people for what they can teach you , rather than for how they make you feel or how much validation you receive from them .
You respond to many situations with rationality and lucidity .
If somebody hurts you , you think what you have to learn out of this .
If somebody makes you happy , you ’re enjoying it and then move on .
In the middle of your world is your curiosity .
Being value driven is like being a world explorer .
Traveling light , looking for unusual places , learning and sharing your discoveries .
Your Master Lifestyle Design
Of course , all of the above are just abstract architectural styles .
You ca n’t build your house exclusively on one of these , it ’s just impossible to isolate a pure emotions driven lifestyle design , or a pure values driven lifestyle design .
Or if you can , that lifestyle design is a serious imbalance . 😉
In real life we mix those styles in various amounts .
We have a little bit of emotional response , a little bit of social complacency and a little bit of growth fueled by our curiosity .
But we do have what I call a master lifestyle design .
Our master lifestyle design is the dominance of one of those three styles .
If your master lifestyle design is emotion driven , you may have a little bit of difficulty to be socially integrated .
Your roller - coaster will take you higher than a truck can drive .
It could also be difficult to learn new things , because you ’re addicted to your roller - coaster and backpacking the world would seem dull .
If your master lifestyle design is social rules driven , than you ’re having a real hard time changing your life and growing .
Your truck wo n’t get you far away from known roads .
And it would n’t be able to offer you the thrills of a roller - coaster ride .
If your master lifestyle design is values driven , you can get a little bit disconnected .
You ’re backpacking the world , but do n’t have the thrills of a roller - coaster .
And you ’re a little bit insecure , missing the protection of a big , solid and secure truck .
The Choice Of A Personal Path
I think my predominance right now is curiosity and learning .
I do have emotional responses and some of them are shaping my life big time , but my master lifestyle design is rooted in values .
I ’m also pretty indifferent to social rules , and social rules seem to be pretty indifferent to me , as long as I ’m not a threat to the system .
Truth is you can chose whatever response you want , as long as you do n’t give in to it .
And as long as you know the advantages and pitfalls of each design .
If you ’re overly emotional , then society might raise a bit of rejection around you .
If you ’re concerned too much with social complacency then you might lose a hell of a good time .
And if you ’re too obsessed with learning and sharing , then you might get emotionally disconnected .
The bottom line of this is you can build your house exactly as you want .
You are the blueprint creator .
A house is built on brick and mortar but your life is much more fluid than that .
You can change it .
Even more than change ( which is more than often something forced from outside ) you can start designing it from the inside .
Lay out your life structure the same way you design a house .
Start with the front door .
How do you want to enter in your life ?
SAN FRANCISCO ( MarketWatch ) -- Past Securities and Exchange Commission probes of Bernard Madoff were incompetent , according to a report issued Wednesday by SEC Inspector General David Kotz .
In his report , Kotz said that three agency exams and two investigations failed to uncover Madoff 's multibillion - dollar Ponzi scheme despite warning signs .
The report , however , found no evidence of improper ties between the SEC and Madoff 's firm .
Mysterious images that show incidents 18 hours before they happen are transmitted from space .
As a space scientist attempts to explain their source , detectives race against time to change the future .
A drug that raises levels of ' good ' cholesterol , when taken in addition to standard statin therapy to lower ' bad ' cholesterol , can reduce the furring up of arteries in patients with established heart disease , an Oxford University study has shown .
The findings are published in a recent issue of the Journal of the American College of Cardiology .
' This is the first clear evidence that a therapy to raise levels of good cholesterol when taken alongside statins can have a beneficial effect , ' says Dr Robin Choudhury of the Department of Cardiovascular Medicine at the University of Oxford , who led the study .
' Using MRI scans , we have shown a reduction in the size of artery walls in patients after a year of treatment with nicotinic acid .
' Our imaging study has identifying this as a very promising new prospect for treatment , and if the findings are borne out in ongoing larger studies this could benefit large numbers of people worldwide . '
Heart disease is still the biggest killer in the Western world , and atherosclerosis -- the ' furring up ' or hardening of arteries -- is closely linked to later heart attacks and strokes .
The standard treatment for patients with atherosclerosis is to be prescribed statins .
These drugs are effective in reducing the risk of heart attacks and stroke and work by lowering levels of ' bad ' cholesterol , or low - density lipoprotein ( LDL ) cholesterol , which might otherwise get deposited in the arteries .
advertisement
' Good ' cholesterol , or high - density lipoprotein ( HDL ) cholesterol , is thought to help remove bad cholesterol from the arteries , and high levels of good cholesterol are associated with lower risk of heart disease .
It has been thought that patients with low levels of good cholesterol might additionally benefit from treatments to raise these levels , but until now there has been little evidence to back this up .
Nicotinic acid , sometimes known as niacin , is one of the oldest drugs used for atherosclerosis and only fell out of favour as statins came to prominence .
It is known to raise levels of good cholesterol in the blood .
Researchers at the Oxford Centre for Clinical Magnetic Resonance Research ( OCMR ) have been one of the leading groups to develop MRI methods for investigating vascular disease .
So the Oxford team , along with colleagues from the University of Manchester , set out to see whether a high dose of nicotinic acid in addition to statins would affect the progression of atherosclerosis , using MRI to measure any changes in the thickness of the walls of the carotid artery ( which takes blood to the head and neck ) in particular , as well as other arteries and measures of major blood vessel function .
71 patients , all with existing vascular disease , low levels of good cholesterol , and taking statins as prescribed by their GPs , were randomised to receive either 2 g of nicotinic acid or placebo for 1 year .
MRI scans were performed before , after 6 months and after 12 months of the study .
After a year , the size of the carotid artery walls in patients who had received nicotinic acid was reduced compared with placebo .
The area of the artery wall had got smaller by an average of 1.1 sq mm , while those receiving a placebo saw an average increase in the carotid artery wall of 1.2 sq mm .
Patients receiving nicotinic acid for 12 months showed an average 23 % increase in levels of good cholesterol in the blood and a reduction in bad cholesterol of 19 % .
' For years we had always been taught that atherosclerosis was a relentless progressive disease , ' says Dr Choudhury .
' It is exciting to see a regression in established atherosclerosis . '
While this is evidence of a change that could be beneficial to patients , it is not a large - scale study of clinical outcomes to show whether taking nicotinic acid in addition to statins actually leads to fewer heart attacks , strokes or reduced mortality .
But two such studies involving thousands of patients will report their results in the next few years ( including one led by a different group at Oxford ) , which will give a clearer picture on whether therapies to increase good cholesterol should be added to strategies to combat heart disease .
' Our results are very encouraging in that they have shown a very definite potential benefit , and will certainly increase the great interest the large outcome studies that are due to report in the next couple of years , ' says Dr Choudhury .
" Life has to go on , " said Samar Mehdi , 35 , another young designer who studied fashion at Bristol University .
" And this is a way to tell the people want our lives to stop that ' No , we wo n't let you . ' "
Roubini is back !
After a summer of mixed messages , he 's now firmly back to stark warnings , most recently sounding the alarm about a massive bubble due to the dollar carry trade .
And today in the Daily News he has some bad news for the unemployed : the worst is yet to come .
Also , remember :
The last recession ended in November 2001 , but job losses continued for more than a year and half until June of 2003 ; ditto for the 1990 - 91 recession .
So we can expect that job losses will continue until the end of 2010 at the earliest .
In other words , if you are unemployed and looking for work and just waiting for the economy to turn the corner , you had better hunker down .
All the economic numbers suggest this will take a while .
The jobs just are not coming back .
There 's really just one hope for our leaders to turn things around : a bold prescription that increases the fiscal stimulus with another round of labor - intensive , shovel - ready infrastructure projects , helps fiscally strapped state and local governments and provides a temporary tax credit to the private sector to hire more workers .
Helping the unemployed just by extending unemployment benefits is necessary not sufficient ; it leads to persistent unemployment rather than job creation .
The current recession notwithstanding , Roubini is of the view that unemployment is now a permanent condition , in part due to the outsourceability of so many jobs ( that 's interesting , because it seems like an attack on free trade , which is somewhat new for Dr. Doom ; that being said the increase in unemployment is part of a long , long trend from before the recession so there 's something to this ) .
What 's Roubini 's answer ?
Massive fiscal stimulus , and " bold policy action , " the likes of which Krugman advocates .
A justice of the peace in Louisiana who has drawn widespread criticism for refusing to issue a marriage license to an interracial couple says he has no regrets about his decision .
" It 's kind of hard to apologize for something that you really and truly feel down in your heart you have n't done wrong , " Keith Bardwell told CNN affiliate WAFB on Saturday .
The couple at the center of the controversy , Terence McKay and Beth Humphrey - McKay , are now married and fighting to get the justice ’s license revoked .
They spoke to Kiran Chetry on CNN ’s “ American Morning ” Monday .
Below is an edited transcript of the interview .
Kiran Chetry :
What ’s the latest with this justice of the peace who refused to marry you ?
Terence McKay : I ’m completely still in shock .
I ’m thankful for the justice of the peace that did marry us .
Beth McKay : I guess he just wo n't resign , wo n’t stand down , and he wo n't apologize .
So that 's his stance right now .
Chetry : Beth , you were the one that experienced this firsthand , because you spoke to his wife and you were going through the whole rigmarole .
You had to say who you were , when you wanted to go there , what your plans were , and then she asked you , “ Are you an interracial couple ? ”
How did that happen ?
Beth :
That 's exactly how it happened .
At the end of the conversation , she said , “ I have a question to ask you .
Is this an interracial marriage ? ” I was shocked , and I said , “ Excuse me ? ”
She said , “ Is this an interracial marriage ? ”
And I said , “ Yes , ma'am . ”
And she said , “ Well , what 's the deal ?
Is he black , are you black ? ”
So I answered her questions and she just said , “ Well , we do n't do interracial marriages . ”
Chetry :
The governor of your state , of Louisiana , Bobby Jindal , basically says that this guy 's license should be revoked .
There have been others who have joined that , Senator Landrieu as well , and I 'm sure public opinion is certainly on your side .
What do you think of the fact that he continues to maintain that he did nothing wrong by what he says is just following his heart ?
Official : No regrets in nixing interracial marriage
Terence :
Well , everyone is entitled to their own opinions , but he 's absolutely wrong on all aspects of his stance .
He 's saying the only reason he does n't marry interracial couples is because of the offspring of the marriages .
But if it was n't for interracial couples today , we would n't have our president .
So for him to take that outlook , that 's still like 1800s or something .
Chetry :
What 's been the reaction from people in the town , who have heard about this situation ?
Beth : A lot of people have come up to us and said , “ We 're in interracial relationships as well , ” not just black and white , and just encouraged us to stand up for our rights and speak out against things like this .
Chetry :
You 've been together for nine months and lived in this area for some time .
Have you had any other bad experiences where you felt like people were judging you because you were together and happen to be of different races ?
Terence :
Not so very obvious .
You do have some slight undertones , especially dealing with southern states , but nothing that 's been so blatantly obvious as this .
But this totally caught us completely off guard .
We ’re just trying to live our lives .
Chetry :
And I know you said you were going to reach out to the U.S. Justice Department .
The national Urban League was going to do the same .
Has there been any movement legally in terms of getting Mr. Bardwell 's license revoked or anything along those lines ?
Beth :
We 've retained an attorney and we 're in the process of taking the next steps in order to make sure that he loses his job .
Federal police have raided the offices of a Reserve Bank subsidiary in Melbourne in the latest part of a scandal involving plastic banknotes in other countries .
The raids happened yesterday , with police executing a search warrant on commercial premises and on the homes of managers connected to the company .
It is a serious development in a scandal that has been unfolding around Securency International , a company half owned by the Reserve Bank .
It involves multimillion dollar payments in deals for printing plastic banknotes in other countries .
The AFP also raided the homes of Securency 's managing director , Myles Curtis , in Mont Albert north , and that of another senior manager in Roxburgh Park .
No one has been arrested or charged and the AFP 's investigation is continuing .
It is understood police seized computers and files .
Plastic banknotes
Securency International manufactures the polymer material which is used in Australian banknotes .
The patented polymer formula is now used in 27 other countries , including Vietnam , which switched to polymer notes in 2002 .
Hanoi businessman
Anh Ngoc Luong played a major role in the deal and last month it was revealed that Securency paid Mr Luong and his company more than $ 12 million .
It is claimed Mr Luong is a Vietnamese government official .
Under Australia 's federal bribery laws , it is illegal for Australian companies to pay foreign officials or government - controlled entities to gain a business advantage .
If it can be proven that Securency executives knew or should have known that Mr Luong worked on behalf of the Vietnamese government , they may face criminal charges , which carry a 10 - year jail sentence .
The allegations also raise questions about the conduct of the Reserve Bank , because some of its officials sit on the Securency board and oversee its activities .
The Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade and other Australian agencies also work with Securency around the world .
The pilot for the project will start in June , a minister said
India plans to set up a centralized system to monitor communications on mobile phones , landlines and the Internet in the country , a minister told the Rajya Sabha , the upper house of Parliament , on Thursday .
Indian laws allow the interception and monitoring of communications under certain conditions , including to counter terrorism .
A pilot of the new Centralized Monitoring System ( CMS ) is to be started by June next year , subject to clearances by other government agencies , Gurudas Kamat , Minister of State for Communications and Information Technology told the Rajya Sabha , according to an announcement by the government 's Press Information Bureau .
The CMS will have central and regional databases to help central and state - level enforcement agencies intercept and monitor communications , the government said .
It will also have direct electronic provisioning of target numbers by government agencies without any intervention from telecom service providers , it added .
It will also feature analysis of call data records and data mining of these records to identify call details , location details , and other information of the target numbers .
The current system used by the government for call monitoring can be easily compromised because of the requirement of manual intervention at many stages , the minister said .
Interception using the new system will also be instant , he added .
The statement by Kamat comes on the anniversary of a terrorist attack on a number of sites in Mumbai , including two premium hotels , a railway station , and a Jewish community center .
The terrorists are believed to have used mobile communications and the Internet extensively to plan and execute their attacks .
The government brought into force earlier this year the Information Technology ( Amendment ) Act 2008 , an amendment to an earlier law , which broadened the government 's powers to intercept and monitor communications .
Some experts have argued that the government should set up an organization like an ombudsman to ensure that information collected during surveillance is not misused .
Prof David
Nutt has warned that more ACMD members could resign
The drugs adviser controversially sacked by the government says he will establish a new scientific committee if the current advisory body disbands .
Professor David Nutt was removed from the Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs last week after saying cannabis was less harmful than tobacco or drink .
Two other members have resigned , and the rest are to meet the home secretary next week to discuss its future role .
If talks fail , Professor Nutt says he has backing for an independent body .
The professor said he had been pledged sufficient funding to cover the costs of a new council .
The present Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs costs £ 150,000 per year to run .
But he refused to comment on where this money would come from , stressing only that " it was not surprising that there is someone out there who wants to support sensible voices " .
Responding to the suggestion of a new council , a spokesperson for the Home Office said : " The government already has an independent advisory body to give advice on drug related issues . "
Concessions
There have been no further resignations since Dr Les King and pharmacist Marion Walker left the 31 - strong committee over the weekend .
In principle , without a pharmacist on board , the ACMD is contravening its statutory requirements .
The remaining members are due to meet Alan Johnson on Tuesday 10 November to discuss how the body will continue to function .
The government has to wake up to this timebomb and the health risks of alcohol
Professor David Nutt ' The population is with me '
It is thought likely they will press for written assurances from Mr Johnson as to how government sees their role .
" They have to make their own minds up , " said the professor , asked how many might resign .
" All I can say is many of them are completely behind me and many of them are minded to resign .
If they all get the right kind of concessions , they might not . "
Mr Johnson sacked Professor
Nutt last week after a lecture he gave stating his view that illicit drugs should be classified according to the harm they cause , and that alcohol and tobacco caused more harm than LSD , cannabis and ecstasy .
The sacking , Mr Johnson said , was because he had " crossed a line " into politics with remarks that amounted to " lobbying " against government drugs policy .
Spice wars Speaking at a media briefing on Wednesday , Professor Nutt claimed a number of high profile drugs projects were threatened , regardless of whether the committee stayed or was disbanded as the expertise of the departed Les King was so important .
He highlighted work into what is known as Spice - an often complex mixture of synthetic cannabinoid drugs easily available on the internet and GBL - a chemical solvent party drug .
Mr Johnson said over the summer that these would be banned by the end of the year .
He also highlighted ongoing work into ketamine , the class C anaesthetic drug , and its effect on the bladder .
And he raised questions about the drugs policy of a future Conservative Government , which he characterised as " back to get 'em off , lock 'em up and keep ' em clean " .
The Conservatives have already backed Mr Johnson 's decision to sack Professor Nutt , saying some of his comments had been " particularly ill - judged " .
But Professor
Nutt made clear he was unrepentant , and that it was high time society engaged with the real drug problem - alcohol .
If it were developed tomorrow , it would quickly become illegal , he argued .
" The government has to wake up to this timebomb and the health risks of alcohol , " he said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Novel bacterial strains capable of neutralizing toxins produced by blue - green algae have been identified by researchers at Robert Gordon 's University , Aberdeen .
Aakash Welgama presented the group 's findings during the Society for General Microbiology 's meeting at Heriot - Watt University , Edinburgh .
Blooms of blue green algae ( cyanobacteria ) are found in both fresh and salt water throughout the world .
They produce toxins called microcystins which are released into the water and are easily ingested by animals and humans by drinking , swimming or bathing in contaminated water .
Once in the body the toxins attack liver cells causing acute and chronic poisoning .
Conventional methods for water treatment such as sedimentation , sand filtration , flocculation and chlorination do not remove microcystins .
The researchers at Robert Gordon 's University have identified more than ten bacterial strains capable of metabolizing microcystins , breaking them down into harmless non-toxic materials .
The bacteria , Arthrobacter sp , Brevibacterium sp and Rhodococcus sp were able to break down six commonly occurring microcystins .
Six of the strains were incubated in river water with variants of the toxin to simulate natural conditions ; all six strains were able to degrade the microcystins .
The costs of advanced water purification strategies are beyond most of the world 's population , " said Mr Welgama , " Using bacteria to remove microcystins from water provides a reliable , cost - effective purification system , which does not involve any use of harmful chemicals or any other substances harmful to the environment " .
Source : Society for General Microbiology
July 1933 : Adolf Hitler passes the Law for the Prevention of Hereditarily Diseased Offspring , in turn enforcing the compulsory sterilisation of any citizen with a “ genetic defect . ”
Defects include schizophrenia , deafness and even chronic alcoholism .
In the coming years , approximately 400,000 sterilisations will be carried out .
May 1939 : Hitler — as per a request from the boy ’s father — agrees to authorise the killing of Gerhard Kretschmar , a child born blind and with limbs missing .
After the 5 - month - old child ’s death in July , Hitler quickly initiates a Children ’s Euthanasia program and upwards of 5,000 youngsters are killed due to “ defects . ”
October 1939 : Hitler signs the following memo , backdated to September , and the euthanasia program becomes official .
Now named Action T4 , the program no longer discriminates with regards to age and all persons , young and old , can now be killed should they be “ unworthy of life . ”
As noted in the memo , Karl Brandt and Philipp Bouhler are handed the reigns and over the next few years will oversee the murder of approximately 200,000 people .
Action T4 ’s need to kill humans in such vast numbers will also result in the introduction of “ death by gas ” to the Nazi regime .
Transcript and translation follow .
Transcript
BERLIN , DEN 1.Sept.1939 .
Reichsleiter Bouhler und Dr. med .
Brandt sind unter Verantwortung beauftragt , die Befugnisse namentlich zu bestimmender Ärzte so zu erweitern , dass nach menschlichen Ermessen unheilbar Kranken bei kritischster Beurteilung ihres Krankheitszustandes der Gnadentod gewährt werden kann .
( Signed , A. Hitler )
Translation
BERLIN , 1.Sept.1939 .
Reichsleiter Bouhler and Dr. med .
Brandt are instructed to broaden the powers of physicians designated by name , who will decide whether those who have – as far as can be humanly determined – incurable illnesses can , after the most careful evaluation , be granted a mercy death .
( Signed , A. Hitler )
Britain : Protests and political campaigning redefined as “ domestic extremism ”
By Robert Stevens
29 October 2009
A central feature of the assault on democratic rights in Britain , carried out by the Labour government in the name of the “ war on terror , ” is its effort to criminalise political activity .
A series of articles in the Observer and Guardian newspapers reveals that the state and its various spying agencies now define all political protest and campaigning as “ domestic extremism . ”
The National Public Order Intelligence Unit ( NPOIU ) was established under Prime Minister Tony Blair in March 1999 .
It now oversees the operations of the National Extremism Tactical Coordination Unit ( Netcu ) and the National Domestic Extremism Team ( Ndet ) .
The three secretive units actively spy on and compile a database of thousands of “ domestic extremists . ”
They also co-ordinate their work with the Confidential Intelligence Unit ( CIU ) , whose existence only came to light in February of this year .
According to the Guardian ’s research , these three police units are run by the “ terrorism and allied matters ” committee of the Association of Chief Police Officers ( Acpo ) , which receives “ £9 m in public funding , from police forces and the Home Office , and employs a staff of 100 . ”
The Guardian adds that Anton Setchell “ is national co-ordinator for domestic extremism . ”
The newspaper comments that the NPOIU “ runs a central database which lists thousands of so - called domestic extremists .
It filters intelligence supplied by police forces across England and Wales , which routinely deploy surveillance teams at protests , rallies and public meetings .
The NPOIU contains detailed files on individual protesters who are searchable by name . ”
The Observer described the NPOIU files as “ essentially a giant database of protest groups and protesters in the country , ” whose purpose is “ to gather , assess , analyse and disseminate intelligence and information relating to criminal activities in the United Kingdom where there is a threat of crime or to public order which arises from domestic extremism or protest activity . ”
Originally targeting “ animal rights groups , ” NPIOU was expanded in 1999 to “ include all forms of domestic extremism , criminality and public disorder associated with cause - led groups . ”
It contains some information supplied by companies that hire private investigators to spy on protesters , sometimes by infiltration .
Nectu is described by the Observer as helping “ police forces , companies , universities and other bodies that are on the receiving end of protest campaigns . ”
The 16 - person - strong unit “ works with police forces across the country , keeps detailed files on protest groups , rather than individuals , and liaises with thousands of companies in aviation , energy , research , farming and retail , ” the newspaper said , identifying the head of Nectu as Superintendent Steve Pearl .
Ndet was established in 2005 and operates from a central London building , where its focus now includes crime “ linked to single issue - type causes and campaigns . ”
The role of the Confidential Intelligence Unit as part of the NPOIU is to process “ sensitive information from informants in protest groups . ”
Redefining of political protest
In the article , “ How police rebranded lawful protest as ‘ domestic extremism ’ , ” the Guardian details the police response to a campaign by environmental protests outside the Drax power station in North Yorkshire in 2006 .
The protest was held there because the power station is the UK ’s largest emitter of carbon .
The newspaper reported that it has obtained internal police papers that described the Drax protest as “ the first time domestic extremism took place against national infrastructure in the county . ”
The report continues , “ The term ‘ domestic extremism ’ is now common currency within the police .
It is a phrase which shapes how forces seek to control demonstrations .
It has led to the personal details and photographs of a substantial number of protesters being stored on secret police databases around the country . ”
Noting that “ there is no official or legal definition of the term , ” the report adds that the police spying network has instead effectively created its own all - embracing definition .
The article continues , “ Senior officers describe domestic extremists as individuals or groups ‘ that carry out criminal acts of direct action in furtherance of a campaign .
These people and activities usually seek to prevent something from happening or to change legislation or domestic policy , but attempt to do so outside of the normal democratic process ’ . ”
Protest by its very definition is based on “ preventing something from happening or to change legislation . ”
The use of this terminology suggests that police agencies are moving to criminalise well - established forms of extra-parliamentary political activity .
The definition is so deliberately vague that it could be applied to forms of protest like public meetings , demonstrations , occupations and industrial action .
According to the Guardian , the three units divide their activities into four categories : “ animal rights campaigns ; far - right groups such as the English Defence League ; ‘ extreme leftwing ’ protest groups , including anti-war campaigners ; and ‘ environmental extremism ’ such as Climate Camp and Plane Stupid campaigns . ”
The level of surveillance involved is vast and all - encompassing .
According to one report , it includes the tracking of vehicles associated with protesters via automatic number plate recognition ( ANPR ) cameras .
ANPR is being introduced in urban centres across the UK .
Described as a “ ring of steel , ” it is able to record the registration plate number , car colour and entry time of all cars entering a designated area .
The information can then be kept by police .
The newspaper cited one example of a man , without any criminal record , who was “ stopped more than 25 times in less than three years after a ‘ protest ’ marker was placed against his car after he attended a small protest against duck and pheasant shooting .
ANPR ‘ interceptor teams ’ are being deployed on roads leading to protests to monitor attendance . ”
It continues , “ Police surveillance units , known as Forward Intelligence Teams ( FIT ) and Evidence Gatherers , record footage and take photographs of campaigners as they enter and leave openly advertised public meetings . ”
These are then added to the central NPOIU files and “ entered on force - wide databases so that police can chronicle the campaigners ’ political activities . ”
While Setchell did not disclose to the Guardian how many names are on the NPOIU ’s national database , the report said , “ He estimated they had files on thousands of people . ”
The article details how “ surveillance officers are provided with ‘ spotter cards ’ used to identify the faces of target individuals who police believe are at risk of becoming involved in domestic extremism . ”
The movements of “ high - profile activists regularly seen taking part in protests ” are then continuously monitored .
Setchell commented to the Guardian that anybody can now be swept up in such a police dragnet : “ Just because you have no criminal record does not mean that you are not of interest to the police .
Everyone who has got a criminal record did not have one once . ”
Asked to comment on the news reports , Home Secretary Alan Johnson claimed that while he had not issued any guidance to police on the definition of “ domestic extremists , ” “ [ T ] he police know what they are doing , they know how to tackle these demonstrations , they do it very effectively . ”
Animal rights activism was just “ one form of domestic extremism , ” he continued , adding contemptuously , “ if the police want to use that as a term , I certainly would n’t fall to the floor clutching my box of Kleenex . ”
The reports confirm that under the guise of the “ war on terror , ” Labour has established the apparatus of a police state .
The focus on so - called “ domestic extremism ” is aimed at silencing the growing social and political opposition that is developing amongst millions of working people in opposition to the official parties and their policies of imperialist war and austerity .
Acpo is reportedly taking a close interest in the ongoing strikes by postal workers .
The Guardian stated that the association “ was closely monitoring the situation and had issued guidance to forces on dealing with large - scale strike action .
Each police force is assessing and reviewing the implications for public disorder that might arise from industrial action . ”
The author also recommends :
Confidential Intelligence Unit : Unaccountable spying operation established in Britain
[ 22 April 2009 ]
Blair lays down framework for police state in Britain
[ 10 August 2005 ]
Scientists have established beyond doubt that in rare cases cancer can be transmitted in the womb , following the birth of a baby to a woman with leukaemia .
A team at the Institute of Cancer Research , a college of the University of London , working with colleagues in Japan , found that the cancer had defied accepted theories of biology .
Leukaemia cells had crossed the placenta and spread from the 28 - year - old mother to her unborn baby .
There have been suspicions for years that cancer could be passed on in the womb .
About 17 cases of suspected mother - to - child transmission have been noted – usually leukaemia or melanoma .
But until now researchers have been unable to establish whether it had happened and , if so , how .
If the cells did cross the placental barrier , the child 's immune system should have recognised them as foreign invaders and destroyed them .
In the latest case no one knew the mother , who was Japanese , had cancer during her pregnancy .
She had a normal delivery in hospital , giving birth to an apparently healthy baby girl .
But just over a month later the mother developed vaginal bleeding , which became uncontrollable .
She was diagnosed with an advanced stage of leukaemia and died .
When the baby was 11 months old she was brought to hospital with a swollen right cheek .
Tests showed she had a tumour in her jaw and the cancer had spread to her lungs .
Although the cancers were not the same – the baby had a lymphoma and is now in remission – the Japanese doctors suspected a link to the leukaemia that had killed her mother .
They called in the team at the Institute of Cancer Research , which has done a lot of work in recent years on the genetics of cancers of identical twins .
In the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , the researchers explain how they used genetic " fingerprinting " techniques to establish that the child 's cancer cells came from the mother .
They found the cancer cells of mother and baby carried the identical mutated cancer gene ( called BCR - ABL1 ) , but the infant had not inherited this gene .
This meant that the child could not have developed the cancer in isolation – the cells must have come from the mother .
To investigate how leukaemia cells could have crossed the placental barrier and survived in the baby , the scientists looked for evidence of some form of immunological acceptance or tolerance of the foreign cells by the foetus .
They examined the genes of the cancer cells in the infant and found a deletion mutation – some DNA missing in the region that controls expression of the major histocompatibility locus ( HLA ) .
This was significant because HLA molecules primarily distinguish one individual , and his or her cells , from another , so the absence of these on the cancer cells meant the infant 's immune system would not have recognised that they were foreign .
Professor Mel Greaves , who led the study , said : " It appears that in this and , we presume , other cases of mother - to - offspring cancer , the maternal cancer cells did cross the placenta into the developing foetus and succeeded in implanting because they were invisible to the immune system .
We are pleased to have resolved this longstanding puzzle .
" But we stress … the chances of any pregnant woman with cancer passing it on to her child are remote . "
Dr David Grant , scientific director at Leukaemia Research , said : " The important message from this … is that leukaemia cells can be destroyed by the immune system .
Harnessing the power of the immune system to cure and protect patients from leukaemia is one of our priority areas of research . "
Fans chanted for Morrissey to return to the stage Morrissey stopped a concert halfway through the second song after he was hit by a missile thrown from a member of the crowd in Liverpool .
The former frontman of Manchester band The Smiths was hit in the eye by a plastic drinks container during Black Cloud at the Liverpool Echo Arena .
The 50 - year - old singer then said " goodnight " to the 8,000 - strong crowd on Saturday and walked off .
The Arena manager said one fan had " ruined " the night for everyone else .
Morrissey had recently resumed his tour after collapsing three weeks ago .
He opened the concert with the words : " It 's Saturday , it 's Liverpool , it 's raining , it 's perfect " , before launching into the Smiths ' hit This Charming Man .
He 's a 50 - year - old man who has just been ill and he deserves better than that
Iain Kavanagh
Concert - goer
But when he moved to shake the hands of fans at the front , the container was hurled from the crowd .
When he walked off stage fans burst into chants of " Morrissey , Morrissey , Morrissey " in an effort to get the performance back on track .
But about five minutes later an announcement was made to a chorus of boos that he had been hit on the head and would not be resuming the concert .
Jay Silker , 27 , from Mossley Hill , Liverpool , said : " If there 's ever a singer who would not take kindly to a bottle being thrown at him , it 's Morrissey . "
Complaints Merseyside Police have been informed about the incident , Echo Arena general manager Tim Banfield said .
" We are exceptionally disappointed that one individual should choose to recklessly cause the concert to be abandoned , ruining what should have been a brilliant night out for thousands of Morrissey fans .
" The Echo Arena team take great care to ensure the safety of visitors and artists at the venue . "
Concert - goers have been advised to contact their ticket retailer to find out if they will get their money back .
Iain Kavanagh , 33 , from Liverpool , said : " Some people were complaining afterwards because he 's been in the game for years and he should be used to it by now .
" But he 's a 50 - year - old man who has just been ill and he deserves better than that . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Barack Obama , winner of the 2009 Nobel Peace Prize , is planning another war to add to his impressive record .
In Afghanistan , his agents routinely extinguish wedding parties , farmers and construction workers with weapons such as the innovative Hellfire missile , which sucks the air out of your lungs .
According to the UN , 338,000 Afghan infants are dying under the Obama - led alliance , which permits only $ 29 per head annually to be spent on medical care .
Within weeks of his inauguration , Obama started a new war in Pakistan , causing more than a million people to flee their homes .
In threatening Iran — which his secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , said she was prepared to " obliterate " — Obama lied that the Iranians were covering up a " secret nuclear facility , " knowing that it had already been reported to the International Atomic Energy Authority .
In colluding with the only nuclear - armed power in the Middle East , he bribed the Palestinian Authority to suppress a UN judgment that Israel had committed crimes against humanity in its assault on Gaza — crimes made possible with US weapons whose shipment Obama secretly approved before his inauguration .
At home , the man of peace has approved a military budget exceeding that of any year since the end of the Second World War while presiding over a new kind of domestic repression .
During the recent G20 meeting in Pittsburgh , hosted by Obama , militarized police attacked peaceful protesters with something called the Long - Range Acoustic Device , not seen before on US streets .
Mounted in the turret of a small tank , it blasted a piercing noise as tear gas and pepper gas were fired indiscriminately .
It is part of a new arsenal of " crowd- control munitions " supplied by military contractors such as Raytheon .
In Obama ’s Pentagon - controlled " national security state , " the concentration camp at Guantanamo Bay , which he promised to close , remains open , and " rendition , " secret assassinations and torture continue .
The Nobel Peace Prize — winner ’s latest war is largely secret .
On 15 July , Washington finalized a deal with Colombia that gives the US seven giant military bases .
" The idea , " reported the Associated Press , " is to make Colombia a regional hub for Pentagon operations . . . nearly half the continent can be covered by a C - 17 [ military transport ] without refueling , " which " helps achieve the regional engagement strategy . "
Freedom Next Time : Res ... Pilger , John Best Price : $ 1.49 Buy New $ 10.55 ( as of 03:25 EST - Details )
Translated , this means Obama is planning a " rollback " of the independence and democracy that the people of Bolivia , Venezuela , Ecuador and Paraguay have achieved against the odds , along with a historic regional cooperation that rejects the notion of a US " sphere of influence . "
The Colombian regime , which backs death squads and has the continent ’s worst human rights record , has received US military support second in scale only to Israel .
Britain provides military training .
Guided by US military satellites , Colombian paramilitaries now infiltrate Venezuela with the goal of overthrowing the democratic government of Hugo Chávez , which George W Bush failed to do in 2002 .
Obama ’s war on peace and democracy in Latin America follows a style he has demonstrated since the coup against the democratic president of Honduras , Manuel Zelaya , in June .
Zelaya had increased the minimum wage , granted subsidies to small farmers , cut back interest rates and reduced poverty .
He planned to break a US pharmaceutical monopoly and manufacture cheap generic drugs .
Although Obama has called for Zelaya ’s reinstatement , he refuses to condemn the coup - makers and to recall the US ambassador or the US troops who train the Honduran forces determined to crush a popular resistance .
Zelaya has been repeatedly refused a meeting with Obama , who has approved an IMF loan of $ 164 m to the illegal regime .
The message is clear and familiar : thugs can act with impunity on behalf of the US .
The Wretched of the Earth Frantz Fanon Best Price : $ 7.60 Buy New $ 9.48 ( as of 10:49 EST - Details )
Obama , the smooth operator from Chicago via Harvard , was enlisted to restore what he calls " leadership " throughout the world .
The Nobel Prize committee ’s decision is the kind of cloying reverse racism that has beatified the man for no reason other than he is a member of a minority and attractive to liberal sensibilities , if not to the Afghan children he kills .
This is the Call of Obama .
It is not unlike a dog whistle : inaudible to most , irresistible to the besotted and boneheaded .
" When Obama walks into a room , " gushed George Clooney , " you want to follow him somewhere , anywhere . "
The great voice of black liberation Frantz Fanon understood this .
In The Wretched of the Earth , he described the " intermediary [ whose ] mission has nothing to do with transforming the nation : it consists , prosaically , of being the transmission line between the nation and a capitalism , rampant though camouflaged . "
Because political debate has become so debased in our media monoculture — Blair or Brown ; Brown or Cameron — race , gender and class can be used as seductive tools of propaganda and diversion .
In Obama ’s case , what matters , as Fanon pointed out in an earlier era , is not the intermediary ’s " historic " elevation , but the class he serves .
After all , Bush ’s inner circle was probably the most multiracial in presidential history .
There was Condoleezza Rice , Colin Powell , Clarence Thomas , all dutifully serving an extreme and dangerous power .
Britain has seen its own Obama - like mysticism .
The day after Blair was elected in 1997 , the Observer predicted that he would create " new worldwide rules on human rights " while the Guardian rejoiced at the " breathless pace [ as ] the floodgates of change burst open . "
When Obama was elected last November , Denis MacShane MP , a devotee of Blair ’s bloodbaths , unwittingly warned us : " I shut my eyes when I listen to this guy and it could be Tony .
He is doing the same thing that we did in 1997 . "
October 16 , 2009
John Pilger was born and educated in Sydney , Australia .
He has been a war correspondent , filmmaker and playwright .
Based in London , he has written from many countries and has twice won British journalism ’s highest award , that of " Journalist of the Year , " for his work in Vietnam and Cambodia .
His latest book is Freedom Next Time : Resisting the Empire .
John Pilger Archives
The Best of John Pilger
The wedding story was written by Michael E. Uslan and illustrated by Stan Goldberg , a longtime “ Archie ” artist .
The first half was called “ Archie Marries Veronica , ” but issue No. 603 , on sale next month , is called “ Archie Marries Betty . ”
The end of bachelorhood began in issue No. 600 , in which Archie found himself on a road named Memory Lane , which he has often traveled .
This time he walked a different direction and encountered a fork in the road .
He chose the left path , which allowed him to see his future with Veronica and their twins , and himself working for her tycoon father .
Image Robert Frosts  Road Not Taken was one inspiration for the story of Archies future love life .
Credit ... Archie Comic Publications
At the end of the October issue , No. 602 , Archie goes for an evening stroll and encounters the fork again .
In the November issue Archie will find himself back in Riverdale High , this time envisioning a future with Betty as his wife .
( A set of twins factors into this destiny as well . )
This alternative future will be a relief to the fans who reacted negatively to the marriage to Veronica .
“ The polls that I ’ve seen ran about 80 / 20 , Betty over Veronica , with Jughead continually coming in a strong third , ” said Mr. Uslan , a comic - book historian , a longtime “ Archie ” fan and a producer of the big - screen “ Batman ” films .
Mr. Uslan said his inspiration for the story included a film ( “ Sliding Doors ” ) , a poem ( Robert Frost ’s “ Road Not Taken ” ) and a song ( “ Both Sides , Now ” ) .
Mr. Uslan ’s relationship with Archie began in his childhood .
“ My mom told me I learned to read from ‘ Archie ’ comics and ‘ Casper , ’ ” said Mr. Uslan , now 58 .
Assembling the 1980 publication “ The Best of Archie ” required Mr. Uslan and his colleague Jeffrey Mendel to read every “ Archie ” comic ever published .
At that time Mr. Uslan met Victor Gorelick , then an editor and now co-president and editor in chief of Archie Comic Publications .
Last October , nearly 30 years and a career away from “ Archie , ” Mr. Uslan approached Mr. Gorelick about writing a milestone story .
With the comic nearing issue No. 600 , and the 70th anniversary fast approaching , the timing seemed right .
Investor Jim Rogers sat down for an interview with Maria Bartiromo for BusinessWeek , and in it he strikes on a lot of familiar themes ( Farmland in Africa is a good bet , gold will break $ 2,000 sometime in the next decade , there 's too much paper money printing going on , etc. ) , though what really stood out was his little foray into politics , specifically embattled Tim Geithner .
Tim Geithner has been under attack lately .
How 's he doing ?
Listen , I have been a critic for years .
Geithner should never have been appointed to anything .
He 's been wrong about just about everything for 15 years .
Do you think he 'll lose his job ?
Of course he 's going to lose his job , because as Mr. Obama realizes that Geithner does n't know what he 's doing , he 's going to look for somebody else because he does n't want to take the heat himself .
So he 's going to look to blame somebody , and the obvious person is Geithner .
What specifically has he been wrong about ?
Maria , why did n't you delve on that one ?
Read the whole thing >
Mit künstlichen Wimpern wird ein atemberaubender Augenaufschlag erzielt .
Die Dame kann aus Einzelwimpern oder einem vollen Wimpernkranz auswählen Ebenfalls Wimpernkleber sind möglich .
Die falschen Wimpern gibt es in verschiedenen Größen und Längen .
Um künstliche Wimpern anzubringen wird folgendes benötigt :
Ein Paar falsche Wimpern Einen passenden Kleber Wimpernzange Pinzette Schwarze Volumen - Mascara , Schwarzer oder silberfarbenen Eyeliner Schwarzer oder grauer , leicht verwischbarer Kajal Schwämmchen zum Absoften der Farbe Wattestäbchen Schere
SECHS einfache Schritte
Schritt 1 : Formen der Wimpern
Zu beginn werden die natürlichen und ungeschminkten Wimpern mit einer Wimpernzange in Schwung gebracht .
Wird die Wimpernzange mit dem Fön angewärmt , lassen sich die Wimpern leichter in Form bringen .
Geübte bringen die künstlichen Wimpern schon am geschminkten Auge an .
Für Anfänger empfiehlt es sich die Schminke erst zum Schluss aufzutragen .
Schritt 2 : Anpassen der falschen Wimpern
Mit Hilfe einer Pinzette werden die falschen Wimpern vorsichtig aus der Schachtel raus genommen .
Künstliche Wimpern sollten immer am Wimpernansatz aufgenommen werden , damit kein Härchen abreißen kann .
Die künstlichen Wimpern werden testweise an die gewünschte Stelle gehalten und die überschüssige Länge mit einer Schere sauber abgeschnitten .
Schritt 3 : Falsche Wimpern und der Kleber
Danach wird eine dünne Schicht Wimpernkleber auf der Unterseite des Wimpernansatzes angebracht .
Dieser trocknet durch Pusten leicht an .
Weniger Wimpernkleber ist mehr .
Zuviel Kleber hält nicht gut und das Ergebnis wird nicht sauber .
Beim Kleber empfiehlt es sich eine höhere Investition zu tätigen , da ein günstiger Kleber weniger gut hautverträglich ist und zudem nicht besonders widerstandsfähig ist .
Schritt 4 : Anbringen der falschen Wimpern
Nun kommt der wichtigste Schritt und gleichzeitig der schwierigste , welcher ausreichend Zeit benötigt Der Kopf wird leicht nach hinten gebeugt und die künstlichen Wimpern werden von der Augenmitte beginnend , so knapp wie möglich über dem eigenen Wimpernrand angedrückt .
Meistens scheitert der erste Versuch und es braucht mehrere Versuche bis die optimale Stelle gefunden ist .
Ist die Position der künstlichen Wimpern optimal , werden diese vorsichtig mit den Fingern oder einem abgeschnittenen Wattestäbchenstiel festgedrückt .
Der Wimpernkleber , der zu viel ist , wird mit der soften Seite des Wattestäbchen entfernt .
Das Auge muss zwei bis drei Minuten geschlossen bleiben , bis der Kleber vollständig trocken ist .
Schritt 5 : Den Ansatz der Wimpern natürlich verdichten
Nach der Trocknung des Wimpernkleber wird der Ansatz der künstlichen und natürlichen Wimpern mit einem Lidstrich verdichtet .
Geübte Damen erzielen mit einem flüssigen Kajal oder Gel - Eyeliner ein perfektes Ergebnis .
Um einen Katzenaugen - Effekt zu erhalten , kann der Lidstrich dicker aufgetragen werden und am Ende wird er schwungvoll nach oben gezogen .
Schritt 6 : Tuschen der Wimpern
Nun können die Wimpern wie gewohnt getuscht werden , am besten mit Volumen - Mascara .
Werden die echten und falschen Wimpern zusammen gekämmt , ist das Ergebnis sehr natürlich .
Klümpchen werden mit einer Wimpernbürste entfernt .
Entfernung von falschen Wimpern
Wer seine künstlichen Wimpern nicht mehr möchte , kann ein Wattepad in flüssigen Makeup - Entferner eintauchen und damit den Wimpernrand gut abtupfen .
Der Makeup - Entferner muss etwas einwirken , bevor die künstlichen Wimpern , vom inneren Augenwinkel beginnend , abgezogen werden .
Künstliche Wimpern können öfter zum Einsatz kommen , wenn diese nach dem Abnehmen mit Alkohol gereinigt werden .
Wem das Anbringen von falschen Wimpern zu aufwendig ist , der kann sich die Wimpern in einem professionellen Kosmetikstudio verlängern lassen .
The White House are on Sale
Just not the presidential one .
This White House is just a scale - down replication by the presidential house .
Them are located in suburban Atlanta .
It is owner , an American - Iranian – Fred Milani , has lived in it for seven years but he accepts recently put it on sale as $ 9.88 million .
Source : nytimes.com
Ich nutze Mangahigh seit über fünf Jahren .
Was mich dabeibleiben lässt , sind die Mathe - Spiele und das umfassende Angebot an Lernkonzepten .
Aber das aller Beste ist , dass die Kinder es wirklich LIEBEN .
Ich habe Schüler , die mich darum bitte , sie für Lehrer - Heruasforderungen anzumelden .
Um mehr Matheaufgaben bitten ?
Damit bin ich einverstanden !!
By Michael Bristow
BBC News , Beijing
China 's government protested when these bronze heads went on sale earlier this year China is planning to send teams of experts to the United States , Europe and Asia to find looted treasure .
The teams will be looking for precious items stolen from Beijing 's former Summer Palace nearly 150 years ago .
Chinese experts believe 1.5 million items could have been taken from the site , which was destroyed by British and French troops .
Over recent years , China has become increasingly active in its efforts to raise the issue of stolen treasures .
Long road home
The latest expedition abroad was announced by Chen Mingjie , the director of the former palace 's management office .
He said the first team will be sent to the US , where they will scour museums , libraries and private collections .
Experts will also visit Europe - principally the UK and France - and search Chinese collections across Asia , particularly those in Japan .
" We do n't really know how many relics were plundered , since the catalogue of treasure was burned during the catastrophe , " the state - run China Daily newspaper reported Mr Chen as saying .
" But based on our rough calculations , about 1.5 million relics are housed in more than 200 museums in 47 countries , " he added .
The ruins of the former Summer Palace form a park in Beijing He told another Chinese newspaper that the aim of the mission was simply to work out what had been taken from the palace .
He said this project was not being carried out in order to get the foreign collections to give back the items .
" Because of many factors , the road we need to take to get back cultural relics that have been lost overseas is a long one , " he told the Beijing News .
" We will continue to work hard , but getting them back will not be easy . "
China set up a fund in 2002 with the aim of getting back stolen cultural treasures .
The fund 's administrators use its resources to try to persuade overseas collectors and museums to give back items or buy them themselves when they are put up for sale .
Ruins on show Stolen treasure is a sensitive subject in China because it reminds ordinary people of a period when the country was weak .
Most items were looted and taken abroad between 1840 to 1949 when China was invaded by a number of foreign powers .
Just how sensitive this issue is was revealed earlier year when two bronze animal - head statues - taken from the old Summer Palace - were put up for auction .
The statues were two of 12 that once made up an elaborate fountain at the former palace .
There was anger from both the Chinese government and ordinary people when they went on sale .
China 's leaders continue to remind their citizens about incidents like the destruction of the old Summer Palace , which was looted and then burnt down by a joint British and French force in 1860 .
The European allies were at the time trying to persuade China to open up more of the country to Western trade .
The former palace is now a park , where visitors can still see some ruined palaces among the trees and lakes .
Visitors are given guided tours of the destruction and reminded just who did the damage .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Directors Justin Sterner and Wesley Cox have n’t been making television shows for very long , but they look like they ’ve done it a million times .
Between coordinating camera and lighting equipment setup , speaking the on - set lingo and prepping talent …
Wednesday , September 23 , 2020
ROCHESTER —
The remains of six children , two adults , 10 wooden coffins , some buttons and a whole lot of history : these are the discoveries made thus far at the Legro family burial ground nestled in a wooded area near Spaulding Turnpike Exit 15 .
ROCHESTER —
The remains of six children , two adults , 10 wooden coffins , some buttons and a whole lot of history : these are the discoveries made thus far at the Legro family burial ground nestled in a wooded area near Spaulding Turnpike Exit 15 .
Archaeologist Kathleen
Wheeler said her crew may uncover the remains of a seventh child once their excavation is complete .
Her Portsmouth - based firm , Independent Archaeological Consulting , has been at the grave site inside a bend of a highway exit since last week .
She said they hope to finish work today .
Wheeler does not believe Civil War veteran Elihu Legro 's remains are at the site .
According to records from the era , Legro died of disease in Washington , D.C. , on Jan. 1 , 1863 .
His body was supposedly shipped home for burial , but Wheeler now thinks it may have been a ceremonial burial and his body is not one of those found at the family 's cemetery .
She said the two adults found at the site are Legro 's parents .
In some cases , only darkened stains in the dirt — dubbed " sacred soil " by Wheeler — reveal to the keen eye of an archaeologist where a coffin once was .
Some tangible coffin pieces remain and appear to have ornate , elaborate engravings on them .
One child appeared to be wrapped in a shroud .
Archaeologist Jonathan
Douse held up a piece of glass found in the grave that Wheeler said would have allowed for a closed casket funeral where the child 's face was visible .
The glass had the unintended consequence of creating a " microenvironment " that allowed for better preservation of some remains , she said .
The evidence suggests the burials were conducted as part of a beautification of death movement that began in the 1840s and 50s .
Though it sounds morbid , Wheeler noted it is no more morbid than today 's burial rituals in America .
Researchers found elaborate buttons near the remains of the adult woman .
Wheeler said they indicate she was buried in a frock or dress .
These tidbits , coupled with evidence to be collected when the remains are studied in a laboratory , will help researchers better understand what kind of life the Legros lived in the 1800s .
The children 's remains are from the 1840s or ' 50s , while the adults may have been buried as late as 1871 , Wheeler said .
Richard Longo , the city historian whose research helped pinpoint the cemetery 's location , has said an archaeological excavation of such recent remains is disrespectful .
Wheeler said Tuesday she could not refute his sentiment and understands why some might feel uneasy about the endeavor .
But , she continued , saying she feels the work is important and could benefit the public .
An archaeological excavation is more respectful than having a grave digger quickly move the remains from one place to another , she said , adding the Department of Transportation worked closely with known descendants to find a scenario with which they were comfortable .
" I can't think of any more respectful way to treat these people , " she said .
City Manager John Scruton said he also supported the way Wheeler is conducting the removal .
Alternative methods include using a back hoe to quickly excavate the graves , he said .
Longo got a chance to visit the site on Tuesday .
He said afterward that it did not change his moral objection to the work , but said he enjoyed the visit nonetheless .
He originally doubted he could watch the work after being told no more than one member of the Legro Cemetery Committee could visit the work zone at any one time .
He cannot drive , but City Manager John Scruton gave him a ride to the site because he felt Longo earned the right to watch over the spot he invested so much time in .
" He had done so much work on it and really wanted to go , " Scruton said .
The visit gave Longo an opportunity to speak with Wheeler , with whom he had dealt previously when she handled a similar excavation at the Staples construction site .
He said the researchers are doing a thorough job — " not missing anything . "
They also discussed the brook that once ran through the area , and noted his surprise at the amount of sandy soil unearthed during excavation .
" It 's almost like a beach there , " he said .
The unexpected soil conditions contributed to the level of preservation .
The soil was thought to be too acidic , due to pine trees in the area , for preserving remains over such a long period .
Yet the conditions are so intriguing that Wheeler said a gardening consultant will be taking pH samples to study the soil .
While Longo discussed the work with Wheeler , Scruton took the opportunity to talk with DOT and Department of Safety officials .
He was careful to make sure he and Longo discussed no cemetery matters while on site because it would constitute a quorum of the committee .
The third committee member is Dan Meehan , and together the men will provide a report on the cemetery to the City Council for informational purposes .
There was originally some question as to when the remains would be interred at the new location in the New Rochester Cemetery .
Scruton learned Tuesday they hope to conduct the reinterment in November .
Longo said he is looking forward to that day because it will end the matter respectfully .
Elihu Legro was a minister in Farmington and a mason before becoming a Civil War soldier and the burial ceremony will reflect those accomplishments .
" My mind has n't changed any , but they 're doing it , it 's almost done and we 'll get them back in the ground and that 'll be the end of it , " he said .
" It will be a real nice burial . "
The Team Fortress 2 wiki page posted a link to a YouTube video that highlights ways to play the Demoman character well .
See related links below for the video .
" A new Ultra system ( which Capcom is being coy on , but we 've played it and would point anyone who wants a point of reference towards Street Fighter III 's Super Arts ) . "
Cool things to do with your mobile computer
The Australian Government is sparking fear and loathing online as it negotiates a global treaty on copyright which could see internet users disconnected after three illegal download complaints .
The ' three strikes and you 're offline ' policy is part of a proposed international treaty on intellectual property and Australia is part of negotiations .
Depending on what you read about it , the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement ( ACTA ) is either a campaign against internet users and service providers , or a much - needed response to massive fraud and theft online of copyright material .
Australia has been part of negotiations for the treaty since 2007 and was involved in the latest round of talks last week in Korea .
Peter Coroneos is chief executive of Australia 's Internet Industry Association and from his point of view , there is a lack of information about what the treaty might actually mean .
He says while the association is in talks with negotiators , details remain thin on the ground .
" The Australian Government negotiators are not at liberty to really canvass the issues under discussion in any great detail or even share documentation , " he said .
" On and off , yes [ negotiators are talking to us ] , but unfortunately whenever we ask them to provide us with details , actual texts , things that are actually really the substantial elements under discussion , they are bound by the terms of the multilateral negotiations , which basically means that they say at least they can't provide us with this information . "
The Department of Foreign Affairs says it has been briefing relevant stakeholders and seeking submissions on relevant issues but that has not halted escalating fears among online rights activists and internet providers over what the treaty will contain , especially after a European Union briefing paper was leaked , showing the United States is pushing for a tough regime on internet providers to contain illegal downloads .
Graduated response
Said to be on the table are so - called graduated response measures .
These would require internet providers to disconnect users who illegally trade in copyrighted material .
Similar measures are already in place in the United States and in France .
Kim Weatherall , a senior lecturer in intellectual property law at the University of Queensland , says there are fears that internet service providers ( ISPs ) may have to come up with extra regulation .
" The idea of graduated response has quite a lot of detail behind it , " she said .
" When we think of graduated response , we think of a system where ISPs will be required by law or regulation to send warning letters to people who are said to be infringing , perhaps escalating that to choking internet service and perhaps even the extreme end , terminate the internet service in infringers .
" Now under our current law , the ISP safe harbours actually give over quite a lot of discretion to the ISP .
" They more or less say ISPs must adopt some sort of policy to deal with repeat infringers but there is no detail about that .
" So I think what people are concerned about is that suddenly we are going to get a whole lot of extra regulation put in by a treaty which sets out a system that ISPs must observe at their own expense , no doubt , in order to deal with copyright infringement . "
iiNet court case
The question of copyright protection in Australia is being tested in another forum .
The Federal Court is hearing a case where the internet provider iiNet is being sued by film and television distributors over illegal sharing on its networks .
That case is back in court this week for final arguments , although a decision is not expected soon and perhaps not until next year .
Ms Weatherall says part of the concern about the treaty negotiations is that they are touching on the regulation of internet providers - at the same time as the current framework is being tested in the iiNet case .
" The meaning of the current safe harbours and what it means to adopt reasonably influential policies for dealing with copyright infringers is being tested , " she said .
" So it is being discussed at an Australian level in Australian courts and then , if something were to come down from the court that did n't work for industry , they could go to the Australian Government and lobby and get laws changed .
" I think what they are concerned about is that we will get something in a treaty and once it is in a treaty , you know you can't lobby government and say this has to change because it said it at an international level . "
To search , please put a proper query in the search box
MANCHESTER , Vt. —
It starts with a phone call or certified letter from an independent agent , or a station broker or a company executive .
And it 's directed to Brooks Brown .
He 's the tall , lanky , slow - talking Texan in wrinkled khakis with tools hanging on his belt .
He might be on the floor rewiring a console .
He might be atop the 180 - foot tower fixing the antenna .
But sooner or later , Brown takes the call or opens the letter , because that 's what you do when you own one of the last remaining independent , rock radio stations in the country , and corporations want to gobble you up .
Then Brown , who founded and owns WEQX , 102.7 FM , just says no .
Sometimes he says it this way : " I would n't sell to you if you were the last ( expletive ) station on Earth , because I do n't like what you do with the stations you buy . "
But most of the time , he says , grinning , " It 's not very complicated : How deep are your pockets ?
Send me your first born as a non-refundable down payment , and we 'll go from there . "
It 's been 25 years to the day since WEQX started broadcasting from a converted Victorian in Manchester , Vt. , playing rock music for listeners in the Capital Region and other parts of New York , Vermont , New Hampshire and Massachusetts .
The station signed on at 10:27 a.m. Nov. 14 , 1984 .
And for 25 years , Brooks has remained true to his vision of running an alternative radio station .
He 's rejected all offers from companies buying up independents and draining the life out of them .
He 's never changed formats , starting out playing modern rock , still playing modern rock and in recent years furnishing the bands for some of the Capital Region 's best festivals .
" Brooks is like the old - time radio- station operator , where the same guy owned it for years and years .
And he knew what it was all about , " says Peter Rief , a radio aficionado from Malta who for years was WGY afternoon news anchor and now works on radio shows including the nationally syndicated Mike Gallagher Show .
" He may be a little bit quirky .
He may be a little bit odd .
But you knew what he was about .
" Nowadays , radio stations change hands so fast that you do n't know who 's at the wheel .
It 's usually some banker somewhere in New York who does n't really care .
Brooks cares , " Rief said .
WEQX is the only radio station serving the Capital Region that has not changed hands in the past 25 years , excluding college and religious stations , said Joe Reilly , president of the New York State Broadcasters Association .
" Brooks is unusual in that he has not succumbed to the temptation of the almighty dollar , " Reilly says .
" He 's run the station his way , and he 's made it work . "
Brown , 62 , scratches
Fred , the station cat , who leaves trails of orange hair on a conference table .
Moments ago , Fred was eating from his dish on the kitchen floor , and Brown 's wife , Mimi , station general manager , was washing dishes in the sink .
In the second - floor studio , deejay Alexa Tobin is featuring music from 1995 as the station counts down the years , one each day , from the present back to 1984 , as part of its " 25 years in 25 days . "
Outside , paint peels from the old , three - story house , and the railing is broken leading to the porch where the sign hangs : 102.7 FM WEQX ROCKS .
Brown wears tools on his belt — Leatherman multi-tool , Maglite flashlight , tape measure , Sharpies — because he 's always fixing something .
The tools are so much a part of his personality that his wife has to remind him to take them off when they go to a formal affair .
He 's even tried to wear them through airport security , forgetting they 're there .
" He literally built the facilities , " says Willobee , operations manager and program director , who goes by only one name .
" He was involved in actually physically erecting the tower atop Mount Equinox , building the transmitter room there and building the studio and offices here .
" I think he 's a genius — a mad scientist / genius .
He 's a true renaissance man .
He still goes up the mountain and fixes the transmitter and climbs the tower to work on the antennae , " Willobee said .
Why does Brown continue doing this ?
Those interviewed give these reasons :
WEQX is his baby .
The station and employees are like family .
Now and then Brown yells at " the kids " to clean the ( expletive ) bathrooms .
It 's been his dream to run a radio station ever since elementary school in Houston , when his science teacher started an amateur - radio club in third grade .
After moving to Manchester in the mid-1970s to work for a ski company , he tried to buy an ad on the local radio station for students to unload the moving van .
There was no local station , and the ones nearby were " horrible . "
He declared : " I can do better than that . "
He 's a savvy businessman .
He saw a need and a market niche .
The right buyer has n't come along — one that meets Brown 's criteria of caring about radio as much as he does .
He enjoys frustrating greedy corporations by not letting them have what they want .
Or , it might be as simple as this :
" Maybe it 's because I'm ( expletive ) nuts , " says Brown , spelling the last two words , slowly , right to the " s " in " nuts , " grinning the whole way through .
Tom Keyser can be reached at 454-5448 or at tkeyser@timesunion.com .
There ’s a comic here even though Wes spent all weekend with a gnome and Tony mutated slowly .
I usually do n't write end of year roundups until those quiet last days of the year , but if Leave09 Behind gets legs , that might be next week !
But I 'm a member of the Social Media Advisory Board for SmartBrief , Inc , a terrific daily summary of social media insights and they asked me to do a roundup post for this week .
Over the past six months , I 've been collaborating on a book with Allison Fine , titled " The Networked Nonprofit " and we 've been sifting through stories , research , and seeing many patterns .
So for this post , I 'd like to share 5 fundraising trends that we saw emerging in 2009 related to fundraising and social media and that will most definitely continue to have impact in 2010 .
Less than 24 hours ago , Epic Change launched its TweetsGiving 2009 , a 48 - hour charity event to encourage people to express their gratitude using online tools and at face - to - face meet - ups .
This two - day event , which ends on Thanksgiving , also invites people to donate to Epic Change .
Last year , TweetsGiving , raised $ 11,000 to build a classroom in Tanzania using Twitter to spread messages of thanks and opportunities to donate .
More importantly , the event was one of a series of social media fundraisers that offered evidence that Twitter and other social media tools were not just a passing fad .
This year 's Tweetsgiving hopes to raise more than $ 100,000 in donations .
Even though we are well before the ending bell of this year 's campaign , there are number of principles that have been in used by other social media infused fundraisers over 2009 .
These principles will no doubt be copied , refined , remixed , and extended as nonprofits experiment with social media - powered fundraising techniques :
Weaving Together Online / Offline Into Real Time Web Fundraising Events
Last February , Twestival raised over $ 250,000 for charity : water in 24 hours through self - organized volunteer events in 200 cities around the world .
While " Tweet and Meet " events , called " Tweet Ups , " were popular with Twitter users in 2008 , " Tweet - Meet - Donate " events became more and more common in 2009 .
As we march into 2010 , might we see the invention of Real Time Web fundraising events ?
Or maybe as more nonprofit explore the possibilities of location - based social networks and fundraising , the distinctions between online / offline fundraising will melt away .
A Platform for Self - Organizing
Social networks like Twitter connect us with people online who share our interests or passions about making the world a better place .
They also provide fertile ground for us to organize rapid , collective fundraisers .
They key is designing the opportunity for connection , plus self - organizing .
As June Holley , a thought leader in networks , would say , " Be Rhizomatic . "
We witnessed the power of combining a platform for self - organizing with network building in the winter of 2009 with A Networked Memorial Service for Maddie , in memory of a toddler , Madeline ( Maddie ) Sphor who passed away suddenly .
The March of Dimes community rallied to raise money in Maddie 's memory , unleashing a groundswell of support and sympathy expressions .
Social Media Fundraising As Part of A Multi-Channel Strategy
Using social media channels alone for fundraising will not be as effective as making it a part of a multi-channel straetgy that includes traditional fundraising techniques .
This includes using email , web site presence , google ads , face - to - face events and reaching out to the online and mainstream media .
A great example of how well this multi-channel approach works is the Humane Society ’s Spay Day .
In 2009 , the organization launched the United State Spay Day Photo Contest in 2009 as one part of their overall effort that included broadcast media and other social media outreach efforts as well as offline event .
More than $ 550,000 was raised last March .
And just last week , GiveMN , a new online web site that hopes to encourage more Minnesotans to give and help create a stronger nonprofit community for Minnesota , raised over $ 14 million dollars in 24 hours using a multi-channel campaign .
Donors As Program Partners Not Just Check Writers
In May , 2009 , Peter Dietz , founder of Social Actions , reflected on the future of online fundraising and wrote about a shift in donor expectations .
That donors in an age of social media , will come to your organization with the expectation of being full partners in your work , not just an ATM machine to be tapped when cash is needed .
Take this compelling example of how deep engagement can lead to better results from Wildlife Direct .
In 2007 , WildlifeDirect had 7 blogs in the Democratic Republic of Congo written written about a specific animal by a conservation professional .
The blogs were an opportunity to engage people in conversations about the daily challenge of conservation work in Africa
These blogs raised $ 350,000 to pay rangers salaries and help save mountain gorillas in the Virunga National Park .
Says Paula , “ Two years later , we have over 70 blogs , donations have risen 4 fold , as has website visitation .
We treat our donors as partners in our programs . ”
Not recognizing the importance of relationship building and engagement as the first step in getting donations has lead to a number of articles in the mainstream media or research studies to conclude that social media is worthless as a fundraising tool .
If we only continue to use these tools to gather nonprofit trend data , we 're missing some opportunities ..
The Maturation of Peer - to - Peer Fundraising
Peer - to - Peer fundraising is about empowering people to fundraise on behalf of your nonprofit .
It works for marathons and in lieu of birthday presents or wedding gifts , although sometimes it can be a waste of time for nonprofits .
Last year , Facebook Causes added its birthday wish feature and we saw more peer to peer fundraising unfolding on social network sites .
Ammado has recently launched a new take on peer - to - peer fundraising called giving circles and giving communities that nonprofits should keep an eye on .
Another trend with peer - to - peer giving we are likely to see is that donors will want the opportunity to have a closer tie with those who benefit from their donations .
In 2010 , we are likely to see more interaction - not with the organizations , but with the actual recipients of the dollars .
Click at the Heartstrings
We know that good storytelling that tugs at the heart strings opens the purse strings .
With " click philanthropy " actions , ways that users can easily spread a message or leverage a donation , it is important to tap into human emotion .
Good fundraisers ( and marketers ) know that tugging at the heart strings can open the wallet .
Tweetsgiving is playing off the theme of gratitude , according to recent research is a powerful emotion that encourages positive behavior , the giving and receiving of thanks ( and gifts . )
Drew Olanoff , who was diagnosed with cancer , decided to raise money by taking revenge on cancer through his BlameDrewsCancer.com which allowed you with a twitter hashtag , # blamedrewscancer , to blame anything you want on his cancer .
And finally , fun and public humiliation - as NTEN 's executive director Holly Ross discovered , can be good levers for donations .
Although social media as part of the fundraiser 's tool box is not yet the norm , these experiments are laying the ground work for even more dramatic successes in 2010 .
Social media fundraising tools will come and go , but the ability to leverage one 's social graph to raise money for a good cause is bound to be with us for a long time .
What do you think are the key fundraising / social media trends of 2009 ?
What is important to take into 2010 ?
Posted by John , October 31st , 2009 - under Reform , Reformism , Revolution .
This is something I wrote at Left Focus in response to an argument by Geoff Drechsler that the ALP has a radical history which shows we should n’t write it off .
The article is called From the past to the future : Unearthing Labor ’s socialist tradition .
Geoff wrote about the socialisation units in the 30s .
This is my response .
John
I write , presumably as one of those few remaining revolutionaries Geoff refers to .
To dispel some myths , let me quote from Tom O’Lincoln ’s analysis of the Communist Party of Australia at the time of the socialisation units ( found in the August 2009 edition of Socialist Alternative . )
Tom says :
‘ In these years the CPA was often “ ultra - left ” .
The party did n’t know how to build alliances with non-revolutionaries .
The Communists saw the opportunist side of the Labor Party , for example , but by simply denouncing Laborism and leaving it at that , they missed important opportunities to influence rank and file ALP supporters .
For example , when ALP members formed leftist groupings called “ socialisation units ” and rallied behind sacked Labor Premier Jack Lang , the Communists largely stood aside from these mobilisations .
That was a terrible waste . ’
Far from rejecting a radicalisation of the rank and file of the Labor Party , we revolutionaries would welcome it and work with those comrades in a united front of action .
But let ’s be frank .
The Labor Party membership and even leadership today is not the Labor Party of the early 30s .
Where , to use one small example , is Labor for Refugees , campaigning against Rudd ’s racism ?
I think there is another element that needs discussing .
The socialisation units imagined the capitalist Parliament as the vehicle for socialism .
A militant and democratic communist party could have oriented towards those comrades in the units to help them understand it was the struggle for jobs , against wage cuts and to save homes from being repossessed ( to name a few ) , that was the way forward .
But by then the stalinisation of the CPA meant , although it led some magnificent struggles , that the idea of socialism from below had been destroyed as stalinism spread its influence across the communist parties of the world , and the USSR became a state capitalist country .
I welcome the opportunity to work with colleagues in the ALP when we fight for a common goal .
I just do n’t notice the ALP membership today mobilising itself , let alone wider sections of society , for anything progressive .
How Did Things Ever Get This Good ?
It 's an oft - repeated saying in photography that the camera does n't matter .
All that fancy equipment is a waste of money , and good shots are from inspired photographers with well - trained eyes .
Of course no one actually believes that .
Clearly some photos are just too good to be taken with some $ 200 camera from Target , and there must be a reason that pros can buy two - thousand dollar lenses and three - thousand dollar camera bodies .
The " camera does n't matter " folklore is all touchy - feely and inspirational and rolls off the tongue easily enough , and then everyone runs back to their Nikon rumor sites and over - analyzes the differences between various models , and thinks about how much better photos will turn out after the next hardware refresh cycle .
But the original saying is actually correct .
It 's just hard to accept , because it 's fun to compare and lust after all the toys available to the modern photographer .
I 've finally realized that some of those photos that once made me say " Wow , I wish I had a camera like that ! " might look casual , but often involve elaborate lighting set -ups .
If you could pull back and see more than just the framed shot , there would be a light box over here , and a flash bounced off of a big white sheet over there , and so on .
Yes , there 's a lot of work involved , but the camera is incorrectly assumed to be doing more than it really is .
In fact it 's difficult to find a truly bad camera .
What , if anything , does this have to do with programming ?
Life is good if you have applications or tools or games that you want to write .
Even a language like Ruby , which tends to hang near the bottom of any performance - oriented benchmark , is thousands of times faster than BASICs that people were learning to program 8 - bit home computers with in the 1980s .
That 's not an exaggeration , I do mean thousands .
The world is brimming with excellent programming languages : Python , Clojure , Scala , Perl , Javascript , OCaml , Haskell , Erlang , Lua .
Most slams against individual languages are meaningless in the overall scheme of things .
If you like Lisp , go for it .
There 's no reason you can't use it to do what you want to do .
String handling is poor in Erlang ?
Compared to what ?
Who cares , it 's so much easier to use than anything I was programming with twenty years ago that it 's not worth discussing .
Perl is ugly ?
It does n't matter to me ; it 's fun to program in .
Far , far , too much time has been spent debating the merits of various programming languages .
Until one comes along that truly gives me a full magnitude increase in productivity over everything else , I 'm good .
permalink November 10 , 2009
previously
Future Vision ( Image : U. Bellhaeuser / ScienceFoto / Getty )
The lens uses nanoscale and microscale electronic technology and is powered remotely by harvesting radio waves ( Image : Babak Parviz / University of Washington ) ( Image : Babak Parviz / University of Washington )
Advertisement
A contact lens that harvests radio waves to power an LED is paving the way for a new kind of display .
The lens is a prototype of a device that could display information beamed from a mobile device .
Realising that display size is increasingly a constraint in mobile devices , Babak Parviz at the University of Washington , in Seattle , hit on the idea of projecting images into the eye from a contact lens .
One of the limitations of current head - up displays is their limited field of view .
A contact lens display can have a much wider field of view .
“ Our hope is to create images that effectively float in front of the user perhaps 50 cm to 1 m away , ” says Parviz .
His research involves embedding nanoscale and microscale electronic devices in substrates like paper or plastic .
He also wears contact lenses .
“ It was a matter of putting the two together , ” he says .
Fitting a contact lens with circuitry is challenging .
The polymer cannot withstand the temperatures or chemicals used in large - scale microfabrication , Parviz explains .
So , some components – the power - harvesting circuitry and the micro light - emitting diode – had to be made separately , encased in a biocompatible material and then placed into crevices carved into the lens .
One obvious problem is powering such a device .
The circuitry requires 330 microwatts but does n’t need a battery .
Instead , a loop antenna picks up power beamed from a nearby radio source .
The team has tested the lens by fitting it to a rabbit .
Parviz says that future versions will be able to harvest power from a user ’s cell phone , perhaps as it beams information to the lens .
They will also have more pixels and an array of microlenses to focus the image so that it appears suspended in front of the wearer ’s eyes .
Despite the limited space available , each component can be integrated into the lens without obscuring the wearer ’s view , the researchers claim .
As to what kinds of images can be viewed on this screen , the possibilities seem endless .
Examples include subtitles when conversing with a foreign - language speaker , directions in unfamiliar territory and captioned photographs .
The lens could also serve as a head - up display for pilots or gamers .
Mark Billinghurst , director of the Human Interface Technology Laboratory , in Christchurch , New Zealand , is impressed with the work .
“ A contact lens that allows virtual graphics to be seamlessly overlaid on the real world could provide a compelling augmented reality experience , ” he says .
This prototype is an important first step in that direction , though it may be years before the lens becomes commercially available , he adds .
The University of Washington team will present their prototype at the Biomedical Circuits and Systems ( BioCas 2009 ) conference at Beijing later this month .
Our Custom CMS Web Development Services Offer Following Advantages
Website content includes number of things such as photo galleries and graphics , written text , pictures , video and audio clippings .
Looking at the present scenario , a well - featured website is must for every business to gain huge success .
Presently , there are a number of options available for hiring CMS developers .
It is vital to appoint such professional or a company , who has in - depth knowledge in creating an attractive website .
Perception System has talented developers , who create a robust and versatile Content Management System ( CMS ) .
With such CMS , one can easily manage or customize their website according to their business requirements .
We , at Perception System , offer service of custom CMS web development from its ODC in India .
Our developers are utilizing various advanced CMS website development platforms like Joomla , WordPress , Drupal , etc . so they can give the best content management solutions to their clients .
Our custom CSM web development service offers following benefits :
Mark down 8:35 p.m. PT
Monday :
That ’s when the plug will be pulled on John Ensign ’s grand delusion , the moment , as the Wachowski brothers might appreciate , that the Matrix is revealed and the grotesque reality becomes unavoidable .
As ABC ’s “ Nightline ” begins a half - hour devoted to the senator ’s sex , lies and lobbying scandal , the man walking around as if his career is alive will confront the shocking truth that he has been living in a fantasy world as 5 million people listen to his former best friend accuse him of morally bankrupt and potentially criminal behavior .
Doug Hampton , who began telling his story four months ago on “ Face to Face ” and has filled in blanks with The New York Times and now “ Nightline , ” will tell the country the awfully creepy story .
ABC may not break much new ground , but the impact of the story is likely to be substantial .
I do n’t suggest Ensign will resign .
As Joseph Welch once witnessed with a more infamous member of the Club of 100 , shame is not a quality that suddenly becomes apparent after years of shameless behavior .
But senators who are not lucky enough to watch “ Face to Face ” on the Web or did n’t slog through the Times piece last month will see Ensign ’s accuser describe what the senator did — and so will many of their constituents who might wonder why Mitch McConnell & Co. continue to condone his actions with their silence .
And the “ Nightline ” report may prod the Senate Ethics Committee , which has begun a preliminary inquiry , and the Justice Department , which may think Khalid Sheikh Mohammed slightly more important than John Ensign , to move forward .
Maybe .
Since he disclosed his affair with Cynthia Hampton , a former campaign treasurer , on June 16 , Ensign ’s attempt to coast through the storm of his own making has been sporadically interrupted by thunderbolts from his ex-lover ’s husband .
Hampton ’s original allegations that Ensign paid the couple an improperly undisclosed severance resulted in the laughable admission by the senator that his parents coughed up $ 96,000 in “ gifts ” as part of a “ pattern of generosity ” from Ma and Pa Ensign .
“ Pattern of generosity ? ” Hampton scoffs to “ Nightline ” co-anchor Cynthia McFadden in the interview .
“ Oh , hey , listen , ‘ We realize our son ’s having an affair with your wife , maybe some money will help . ’
It ’s ridiculous ! ”
Almost as ridiculous as Ensign ’s benign spin on how he may have importuned companies to hire Hampton and then , according to Hampton , engaged in a conspiracy to break a one - year cooling - off period to ensure his betrayed ex-best friend could make a living while he continued the affair with his wife .
“ Why would a client hire Doug Hampton if he did n’t think he would have access to John Ensign ’s office ? ” Hampton will say Monday night .
“ It ’s the only reason I would hire him ! ”
What do you say about a guy who goes on national television to essentially say he was hired only because of his ties to a U.S. senator — that ’s well beyond self - deprecation to self - emasculation — and then , as he did with the Times , admit to a crime ( violating the cooling - off law ) but says Ensign did , too , by aiding and abetting him ?
Yes , he ’s desperately out for revenge — as many similarly situated might be .
But he ’s also probably telling the truth .
Or is he ?
( Some have been vicious in assailing Hampton for his conduct .
But only one person in this sordid drama is an elected official . )
Hampton told ABC that he can prove his allegations , but he ’ll probably need more than a handwritten note on the severance to do so .
Much more serious is that he tells McFadden that Ensign arranged a meeting with a White House official for Hampton despite the cooling - off law .
Although laws may have been broken — we are a long way from that — the seminal issue is that Ensign has been exposed as a raging hypocrite who was a moralizing finger - pointer by day and philanderer by night — the same man who called on President Bill Clinton to resign for similar transgressions .
What would the John Ensign perched on his high horse for so long say about the John Ensign who slept with his best friend ’s wife while both were on staff , wrote a cynically pious “ Dear Cindy ” letter to deceive the C Street moralists he bunked with , funneled $ 96,000 in severance / hush money to the aggrieved couple , helped the former best friend land jobs with companies needing his legislative assistance and , while potentially breaking laws , reinforced the image of moral degradation too many Americans have of the D.C. elite ?
If you die in the Matrix , you die for real .
Monday night the plug will be pulled on John Ensign .
Jon Ralston hosts the news discussion program “ Face to Face With Jon Ralston ” on Las Vegas ONE and publishes the daily e-mail newsletter “ RalstonFlash.com . ”
His column for the Las Vegas Sun appears Sunday , Wednesday and Friday .
NPR reader / listener Jenness C. of New Jersey recently wrote in to to Planet Money to describe how much of an effort it really is to get a job in the new economy .
Here 's her details by the numbers :
Planet Money : I was laid off from my job as an assistant editor at a major book publishing company .
I was one of about 60 people laid off that day at my company , in a seemingly endless wave of publishing layoffs at most of the big houses .
Last week I started a new job , still in book publishing , but on a different career path .
Between then and now looked for new work and accrued meaningless statistics on my unemployment .
So here you go , my experience of losing my job :
Period of unemployment : 9 months , 3 weeks , 4 days
Number of jobs applied to : 95
Interviews : 15
Jobs interviewed for : 11
Number of interviews for the job I got : 3
Jobs interviewed for at the division that finally hired me : 3
Number of drafts of resume : 14
Number of interview suits : 5
Number of friends I begged to forward my resume to their HR departments : 10
Number of business cards collected : 22
Number of business cards handed out : ~ 400
Weirdest job applied for : Record Keeper for the Guinness Book of World Records
Lowest salary on offer for a job I applied for : $ 200 a month
Number of times I was asked if the job I was applying for was n't a step down for me : 6
Longest period between interviews : 12 weeks
Most interviews in a single week : 4
Number of interviews I never heard back from : 6
Number of times I found out through the grapevine I 'd been passed over : 5
Number of times I was not offered a full - time job , but asked if I would freelance instead : 2
Number of books I read to suck up to interviewers : 11
Number of times I cried over not being offered a job : 4
Number of times I contemplated grad school : 3
Number of Netflix movies rented : 139
Number of games of Hexic played : 57
Number of different careers considered : 5
( CNN ) -- A 9 - year - old girl was laid to rest Wednesday as a 15 - year - old girl , described as an acquaintance , was in court on charges she carried out the younger girl 's murder
Elizabeth Olten was coming home from a friend 's house last week in St. Martins , Missouri , when she disappeared .
Distraught residents searched for days for Olten without luck , when the Cole County Sheriff 's Department received a tip that led them to the alleged killer .
It did n't lead them to a stranger , a child predator or a convicted sex offender -- avenues police had originally considered because of Olten 's age
Instead , it led them to a 15 - year - old girl who , according to Peggy Florence , a family spokeswoman , had played with Olten .
The girl then led police to the body -- which was found in an area authorities searched before , the sheriff 's department said , but was hidden so well they had n't seen it .
Authorities said both physical evidence and some written evidence led to the suspect 's arrest .
She has been charged with first - degree murder .
On Wednesday , Olten 's family looked towards closure as two drastically different scenes unfolded in Missouri .
Olten 's family and friends watched as two white horses pulled her casket in a glass hearse .
Hours earlier , a judge had ordered the 15 - year - old suspect to be held while he decides whether she should be tried in adult court .
Authorities have not released the suspect 's name .
Authorities released few details about the case , though they said an autopsy was conducted Saturday .
The Olten family spent the day of Elizabeth 's funeral remembering a very special little girl and mourning their loss , choosing to celebrate her life , instead of attending the court hearing of the teen accused of killing her .
After the funeral ceremony , they released pink balloons , in honor of Elizabeth Olten 's favorite color .
For them , it was about their little girl -- the one who was always ready with a bright smile .
" She wanted to be a mother , she wanted to love others and take care of others , " family spokeswoman Florence told HLN 's Nancy Grace .
" She was just a lovely child -- she never met an animal she did n't love and dress up and play with . "
She loved to dress up and put on fancy dresses , Florence said , even in the snow and the mud .
" She was a beautiful little girly girl , " Florence said .
" She had everyone 's heart . "
I was looking for a small distribution to install on my old laptop for a while now .
It ’s a 7 year old pc , at 1.2GHz with 256 mb RAM .
I had first tried Puppy Linux when it was at version 4.2 and I was very drawn to it .
Version 4.3 was recently announced to my great pleasure .
It is based on the 2.6.30.5 Linux kernel and is advertised as “ a superb , compact , super - fast and free operating system ” .
I gave it a go to check this for myself . 🙂
Below I describe a step by step , including screenshots , full installation of Puppy Linux 4.3 from a CD , on an internal hard disk .
Booting from the Live CD
Obviously you first have to download the .iso file ( 105 mb ) from the site , and then burn it to a CD .
Booting from the CD will get you to the initial boot screen , wait 5 seconds and then you get to choose your keyboard layout , local settings and time zone .
1. 2 .
3. 4 .
5 .
Then you get to setup the X server , monitor and video settings .
6. 7 .
8 .
If all goes well you will then enter Puppy and you can start the installation process .
Since you are using a Live CD , you can of course give it a try before that and check that all will work as intended on your pc !
Starting the installation process
9. 10 .
11 . 12 .
If you have already partitioned your hard disk , then you can proceed to step no 21 after step 12 .
If not , you will have to start GParted and setup the partitions as I did .
I created a 512 mb partition used as swap space , and a 4.5 gb one to use for the PuppyLinux OS .
Using GParted to prepare the Hard Disk
13 . 14 .
15 . 16 .
17 . 18 .
19 . 20 .
Installing
After closing Gparted the installer will automatically start again and you can continue with the installation .
21 . 22 .
23 . 24 .
25 . 26 .
27 .
Setting up GRUB
Between these steps sometimes you may have to wait a minute or two so be patient and all will continue as planned .
28 . 29 .
30 . 31 .
32 . 33 .
34 . 35 .
36 .
Rebooting into Puppy
After installing GRUB the installation is almost finish .
All you have to do is reboot into your newly installed PuppyLinux system .
Do n’t forget to remove the Live CD from the CD ROM drive when it automatically ejects .
Once you reboot , you may have to enter the settings from steps 3 to 8 again , but thats the last time you will be asked to .
37 . 38 .
39 . 40 .
Welcome to Puppy Linux 4.3 !
You are good to go now !
After playing with it for some days I actually feel that my old laptop is resurrected .
I hope you too enjoy the experience !
For those that might have trouble with getting online , I added a quick tutorial on how to setup the internet connection .
Setting up the connection to the internet
Here I present the method used for the Wireless Internet .
The method is the same ( much simpler ) if you want to setup an ethernet connection .
41 . 42 .
43 . 44 .
45 .
At this point , after you scan for and select the network you would like to connect to , you must select the encryption that it uses ( Open , WEP , WPA , WPA2 etc. ) .
Click on the corresponding button , then enter the key required , and remember to save the profile .
After that you can use it to connect to the internet .
46 . 47 .
48 . 49 .
If all went well , you should be able to use Seamonkey and browse the web !
I hope you find the guide useful and practical !
If you have any questions , troubleshoots or feel that I left something out , do n’t hesitate to place your comment here .
Grassley Censorship Amendment - Take Action ( Updated )
Update Senator Grassley is apparently pulling the amendment , and yet defended it at the same time in a conversation with a reporter :
“ [ T ] he point is , for them to do what we tell them to do .
And one of the things that I was anticipating telling them not to do is to — to recommend or study the legalization of drugs . ”
Original Post :
Senator Charles Grassley of Iowa is trying to insert a censorship provision into Jim Webb ’s National Criminal Justice Commission Act of 2009 .
This is an important commission with a goal to look at every aspect of our criminal justice system with an eye to reform .
Here is the Grassley Amendment :
RESTRICTIONS ON AUTHORITY .
The Commission shall have no authority to make findings related to current Federal , State , and local criminal justice policies and practices or reform recommendations that involve , support , or otherwise discuss the decriminalization of any offense under the Controlled Substances
Act or the legalization of any controlled substance listed under the Controlled Substances Act .
Despicable .
UnAmerican .
Take Action Now .
The Senate Judiciary Committee could vote on this as soon as Thursday .
Update :
There was a problem with the Take Action Now link and apparently it was only processing entries that had email addresses already registered with LEAP .
They ’re working on getting it corrected .
You can also contact your senators directly here .
And here is a list of the senators on the Judiciary Committee .
Of course , one thing that ’s interesting about this amendment is that Grassley is essentially conceding that the facts would support decrim or legalization as being best for the country .
He does n’t want it for his own reasons and therefore , the only way he can attempt to stop it is to prevent considering it .
[ Thanks to Dudeman in comments … ]
A World Of Photo
Loosely inspired by the traditional " Spin the Bottle " , A World Of Photo is a casual , geo - multiplayer online game with with a social touch .
By spinning their phone , players select a peer who will spontaneously take a picture using their mobile camera and send it to them .
The selected player then continues the thread by spinning herself .
screenshots
download
The latest version is 1.1.9b , published 2010 - 11-09 .
A World of Photo is available in Google 's official Android Market in both a free and a donate version .
Free version
Donate version
Alternatively , the free version can also be downloaded from this site .
Download PhotoWorld - Free.apk 859.9 KB
The Swiebodas are selling out and moving their business to Nagambie - 115 kilometres from Melbourne .
They are hoping it will take the city a while to get that far .
Melbourne 's urban sprawl - the city is expected to expand by another 41,000 hectares in the coming weeks - is just one symptom of the creaking strains of massive population growth .
Melbourne and Victoria are growing at record levels - Melbourne is increasing by up to 1800 people a week - driven by increased birth rates and people moving to the city .
Last year , more than 71,000 babies were born in Victoria - the highest since 1971 .
A State Government report predicts that by 2036 , Victoria will grow by 2.3 million people , with 1.8 million extra people in metropolitan Melbourne and about 477,000 in regional Victoria .
An additional 600,000 dwellings will be needed over the next 20 years , of which 284,000 are anticipated in growth areas - 134,000 beyond Melbourne 's current boundary .
By 2049 , Melbourne is expected to have close to 7 million people .
But while proving an economic bonus for home builders and the Victorian economy , the state 's population has pushed many services to the brink of collapse and threatens long - term environmental impacts .
This has led some , including former Australian of the Year Tim Flannery , to call for an independent board - simliar to the Reserve Bank - to monitor and determine population growth and immigration .
The committee would be independent of government and politics and would consider economic , environmental and social factors - including birth rates and assistance for refugees - when setting immigration and population levels .
Flannery says immigration is '' far too important to be left to government .
Government will always want more taxpayers and business will always want more customers - so put the two together and you 'll get a recipe for endless population growth . ''
An Age / Nielson poll shows four in 10 Australians believe Australia 's projected population of 35 million by 2049 will be too many .
The effect of rapid population growth is something Victorians are increasingly familiar with - and frustrated by .
Public transport and roads are crowded - public transport patronage has grown far more rapidly than the Government had planned .
Green wedges are being sliced up for development , and environmental flows to struggling rivers such as the Thomson and the Yarra cut to provide more water for Melbourne .
The state 's power supplies are at tipping point as air - conditioners are cranked up across the state .
Last summer , during a trifecta of 40 - plus - degree days , the power grid went into meltdown with electricity cut to many suburbs .
The national energy industry body has predicted that without new power supplies , Victoria will be running dangerously low in a little more than three years .
Water restrictions have been in place for years , childcare and kindergarten places are difficult to find in many places and public housing is in short supply .
Melbourne is feeling the pressure of success .
Premier John Brumby is aware of the challenges posed by Victoria 's population explosion .
In a speech last week he warned : '' There are some clear and present threats to our liveability - none more than the challenge of managing population growth in the face of new pressure on resources and infrastructure . ''
Australian Education Union Victorian president Mary Bluett says schools are already experiencing strong demand in many locations because of population growth .
She warns that the baby boom which created long waiting lists at Melbourne 's childcare centres and now kindergartens will hit schools soon .
'' I think we are about three years away from the big wave coming into primary schools , '' she says .
In health , Melbourne 's public hospitals are also feeling the pressure .
According to the Government 's latest hospitals report , Victoria 's hospital system passed five of the Government 's nine performance benchmarks .
About 86,000 people waited longer than eight hours in emergency departments before they were transferred to a bed - 2000 more than during the previous year - and nearly 22,000 patients on the elective surgery waiting list waited longer than they should to receive operations .
Opposition Leader Ted Baillieu believes inadequate planning for the massive population growth is leading to stretched services and anti-social behaviour .
'' I think we are vulnerable in dislocation and disenchantment and that 's manifesting in many ways .
But I would suggest that is manifesting in the rising tide of anti-social behaviour , '' he says .
Public Transport Minister Lynne Kosky yesterday pointed to Melbourne 's growth and said that by 2036 , there would be half a million more people in the city 's west .
The Government has proposed two rail projects to cater for the west 's growth : a $ 4 billion rail line from Werribee into the CBD , allowing V / Line trains to run direct , and an $ 8.5 billion rail tunnel for metropolitan trains from Footscray to Caulfield .
The rail tunnel , at this stage , is little more than a concept , with $ 40 million set aside for a feasibility study .
The project is totally reliant on Federal Government funding and , even if it receives the cash , construction will not start until at least 2017 .
For Monash University 's Professor Graham Currie , the way to cater for massive population growth is straightforward : pump money into new buses , train and tram lines instead of building new freeways in the city 's inner suburbs .
He says the recent $ 1.4 billion M1 freeway widening project , which has seen a lane added in each direction to the Monash and West Gate freeways , will be seen by future generations as a terrible mistake .
'' For a long time , we will look at these ugly flyovers and we will regret it , '' he says .
Currie says a congestion tax applied to cars is essential , with the money to be then pumped into paying for better public transport .
'' It 's crucial for how we deal with growth , because anyone who is making inefficient use of the road will be charged , and the money can be used on making public transport better , '' he says .
For instance , the $ 8.5 billion train tunnel from Footscray to Caulfield - an idea first proposed by Currie - would carry the equivalent of 24 lanes of freeway traffic , he says .
Many also have environmental concerns with the huge growth .
Green Wedges Coalition joint co-ordinator Rosemary
West has called for a population summit to discuss a sustainable rate of growth and whether the public wants Melbourne to keep growing .
Australian Conservation Foundation president Professor Ian Lowe says Australia is living beyond its means and immigration levels need to be reduced to below a quarter of the current annual intake .
He says Australia can still help refugees while managing an immigration intake that improves sustainability .
Federal Labor MP Kelvin Thomson has backed the call for a population summit .
He says Victoria 's infrastructure and services are not coping with current growth and will struggle with forecast growth .
STATE Treasurer John Lenders defends Victoria 's growth .
'' New Victorians mean more jobs for the Victorian construction , retail and manufacturing industries , '' he says .
'' There is no doubt that Melbourne is a popular place to live with an attractive lifestyle , a resilient economy and the cheapest housing on the eastern seaboard . ''
Water Minister Tim Holding also shrugs off any threat to Melbourne 's water supply .
He says major water projects that are complete or under way for Melbourne , such as the desalination plant and the north - south pipeline , will ensure that the city has enough water .
'' Melbourne will have on average an additional 225 billion litres of water , which is about 50 per cent of our current water needs , so we have factored in a growing population in our long - term planning , '' he says .
But others point to problems with Melbourne 's development plans , predicting that if the current rate of growth continues , Melbourne will become a sprawling metropolis like Los Angeles .
Planning Minister Justin Madden says the Government does not apologise for population growth and it is '' one of the reasons why Victoria has done so well in an economic sense ' ' .
He says as well as development in the growth areas and a renaissance in regional Victoria , Melbourne is already seeing '' intensification ' ' , with taller buildings and developments along transport routes .
Madden maintains that Melbourne benefits from some of the most affordable housing of any capital city in Australia .
But , in a surprising move , the Planning Minister predicts that after the next 41,000 - hectare expansion of the urban growth boundary , the boundary will not be moved again in his lifetime .
' ' I do n't believe that we will need to make adjustments to the urban growth boundary again - certainly not in my life time , '' he says .
But others say the 41,000 - hectare expansion is already bad planning .
Professor Kim Dovey of the University of Melbourne 's school of design says it will leave Melbourne a ' ' a very unsustainable city ' ' .
Instead , he has called for boosting population in regional centres with faster links to the regions .
Dovey says Melbourne can absorb population growth within current boundaries .
'' Melbourne is a very , very low - density city and can absorb very large amounts of intensified development , on tram and rail lines and in activity centres , without damaging Melbourne 's urban character , '' he says .
Loading
Out in Mernda , the horses are long gone - off to Nagambie , where Melbourne 's population boom and the urban sprawl is yet to reach .
Jason Dowling is city editor .
Clay Lucas is transport reporter .
The Chinese government sought to suppress all images of the June 1989 events at Tiananmen Square , yet foreigners in Beijing at the time managed to secure both photographs and video clips of the incident .
Some , like Associated Press photographer Jeff Widener , was in Beijing on assignment .
Others just happened to be traveling in the area at the time .
Here are a few of the surviving photos of the Tiananmen Square Protests , and the Tiananmen Square Massacre of 1989 .
01 of 07 Art students and their " Goddess of Democracy " statue Jeff Widener / Associated Press .
Used with permission .
These art students in Beijing , China - based their " Goddess of Democracy " sculpture on the American Statue of Liberty , which was a gift to the US from a French artist .
The Statue of Liberty symbolizes the US / French commitment to Enlightenment ideals , variously expressed as " Life , Liberty and the Pursuit of Happiness " or " Liberté , égalité , fraternité . "
In any case , these were radical ideas to espouse in China .
Indeed , the idea of a goddess is radical in itself , since communist China had been officially atheist since 1949 .
The Goddess of Democracy statue became one of the defining images of the Tiananmen Square Protests in their hopeful stage before the People 's Liberation Army moved in and turned the event into the Tiananmen Square Massacre in early June 1989 .
02 of 07 Burning vehicles in Beijing Robert Croma on Flickr.com
Trucks burn in the streets of Beijing as the Tiananmen Square Protests begin to spin out of control , early June 1989 .
Student pro-democracy demonstrators spent months camped out in the Square , calling for political reform .
The government was caught off - guard and did not know how to handle the protests .
At first , the government sent in the People 's Liberation Army ( PLA ) without weapons to try to basically muscle the students off of the Square .
When that did not work , the government panicked and ordered the PLA to go in with live ammunition and tanks .
In the massacre that followed , somewhere between 200 and 3,000 unarmed protestors were killed .
03 of 07 The People 's Liberation Army moves into Tiananmen Square Robert Croma on Flickr.com Unarmed soldiers from the People 's Liberation Army ( PLA ) file into Tiananmen Square in Beijing , China amidst a throng of student protestors .
The Chinese government hoped that this show of potential force would suffice to drive the students from the square and end the demonstrations .
However , the students were unmoved , so on June 4 , 1989 , the government sent the PLA in with loaded weapons and tanks .
What had been the Tiananmen Square Protests turned in to the Tiananmen Square Massacre , with hundreds or perhaps thousands of unarmed protestors mowed down .
When this photo was taken , things were not yet too tense .
Some of the soldiers in the photo are even smiling at the students , who are probably roughly the same age as themselves .
04 of 07 Student protestors vs. the PLA Jeff Widener / Associated Press .
Used with permission .
Student protestors tussle with soldiers from the People 's Liberation Army ( PLA ) in Tiananmen Square , Beijing , China .
At this point in the Tiananmen Square Protests , the soldiers are unarmed and are trying to use their sheer numbers to clear the square of protestors .
Most of the student activists in Tiananmen Square were from relatively well - to - do families in Beijing or other major cities .
The PLA troops , often the same age as the students , tended to come from rural farm families .
Initially , the two sides were relatively evenly matched until the central government ordered the PLA to use all necessary force to put down the protests .
At that point , the Tiananmen Square Protests became the Tiananmen Square Massacre .
05 of 07 Chinese student protestors swarm over a captured PLA tank Jeff Widener / Associated Press .
Used with permission .
Early in the Tiananmen Square Protests , it looked as though the student protestors had the upper hand over the People 's Liberation Army ( PLA ) .
The protestors captured tanks and weapons from the young PLA soldiers , who were deployed without any ammunition .
This toothless attempt by the Chinese Communist Party government to intimidate the protestors was completely ineffectual , so the government panicked and cracked down hard with live ammunition on June 4 , 1989 .
06 of 07 A Student Gets Comfort and a Cigarette Robert Croma on Flickr.com
An injured student is surrounded by friends at the Tiananmen Square Massacre in Beijing , China , 1989 .
Nobody knows exactly how many protestors ( or soldiers , or passersby ) were injured or killed in the melee .
The Chinese government claims that 200 people were killed ; independent estimates put the number at as many as 3,000 .
In the aftermath of the Tiananmen Square Incident , the government liberalized economic policy , effectively offering a new contract to the Chinese people .
That contract said : " We will let you get rich , as long as you do n't agitate for political reforms . "
Since 1989 , China 's middle and upper classes have grown immensely ( though of course there are still hundreds of millions of Chinese citizens living in poverty ) .
The economic system is now more or less capitalist , while the political system remains firmly one - party and nominally communist .
London - based photographer Robert Croma happened to be in Beijing in June 1989 and took this photo .
Efforts by Croma , Jeff Widener , and other western photographers and reporters made it impossible for the Chinese government to keep the Tiananmen Square Massacre a secret .
The public was already fuming at Goldman Sachs over the bank bailouts and the “ lavish bonuses ” Goldman ’s giving its workers while ordinary folks lose their jobs and go bankrupt .
Then at - risk Goldman and Citigroup employees got swine flu vaccine while others waited for shots .
And now CEO Lloyd Blankfein tells
The Times of London that Goldman Sachs is " doing God 's work . "
Does Goldman want to be hated ?
( Watch an MSNBC report about Goldman Sachs 's CEO claiming he does " God 's work " )
Is Blankfein really this tone deaf ?
Goldman Sachs has earned a reputation as “ the Great Satan of the securities markets , ” says Charles Gasparino in The Huffington Post , so a PR pushback is understandable .
But Lloyd Blankfein's “ spinning is reaching epic proportions . ”
The bank is making billions “ on the backs of the U.S. taxpayer , ” and Blankfein ’s “ doing God ’s work ” ?
“ Really , Lloyd ? ”
No wonder there are so many of us “ Goldman haters . ”
“ Goldman Sachs doing ‘ God ’s work ’ ? ”
Lighten up .
It was a joke : " Even if you have serious questions about whether investment banks actually perform a useful societal function , " says Matt Phillips in The Wall Street Journal , " there ’s no reason to get all bent out of shape about Blankfein ’s comments . "
The Times said Blankfein made his remark about doing " God 's work " with an " impish grin " -- " the head Goldmanite just ca n’t resist winding us all up a bit . "
" Goldman Sachs ’ Blankfein on banking : ‘ Doing God ’s work ’
Goldman does n't care what people think : Goldman Sachs would like Americans to think of it as an engine of growth , says Douglas McIntyre in Daily Finance , instead of a primary villain of the financial crisis .
But the bottom line is that Goldman Sachs does n't owe money to the government , and it can give its hot shots multimillion dollar pay packages no matter what the federal Pay Czar says .
It 's fabulously wealthy , and " it is essentially thumbing its nose at the world because it can . "
" Goldman Sachs CEO Blankfein says firm is doing ' God 's work ' "
Searching The Internet Increases Brain Function !
Functional MRI brain scans show how searching the Internet dramatically engages brain neural networks ( in red ) .
The image on the left displays brain activity while reading a book ; the image on the right displays activity while engaging in an Internet search .
( Credit : Image courtesy of University of California - Los Angeles )
UCLA scientists have found that for computer - savvy middle - aged and older adults , searching the Internet triggers key centers in the brain that control decision - making and complex reasoning .
The findings demonstrate that Web search activity may help stimulate and possibly improve brain function .
The study , the first of its kind to assess the impact of Internet searching on brain performance , is currently in press at the American Journal of Geriatric Psychiatry and will appear in an upcoming issue .
Additional details on the study and further research on the impact of computer technologies on the aging brain are highlighted in Small 's new book , " iBrain : Surviving the Technological Alteration of the Modern Mind " .
Dr. Gary Small , a professor at the Semel Institute for Neuroscience and Human Behavior at UCLA who holds UCLA 's Parlow - Solomon Chair on Aging .
says : " Internet searching engages complicated brain activity , which may help exercise and improve brain function " .
" A simple , everyday task like searching the Web appears to enhance brain circuitry in older adults , demonstrating that our brains are sensitive and can continue to learn as we grow older , " Small said .
We recomend you go to www.sciencedaily.com for more details on this and other cutting edge health issues .
A crash course in politics for engineers ...
Despite all the mission - statement baloney meant to sound noble and emphasize community support , the real purpose of every business is return on investment or , equivalently , maximizing shareholder value .
If it 's a government agency , it 's kind of still the same question but the legal owners will have no direct influence and instead you will have proxy owners , such as higher agencies or powerful individual officials .
Decisions , however , are almost always made by agents , and so the principal - agent problem ( also called the agency dilemma ) appears ; the agents ( the management ) will make a decision in their interest , and not necessarily according to the shareholder 's interest as is theoretically required .
In a government agency this is almost 100 % of the consideration .
Sadly , this stirs in all the Dilbert and Parkinson 's Law complexities .
The best you can conclude is that decisions will be justified on the basis of risk , cost , and benefit , but will tend to be made on the basis of what credit and blame is in store for the agent and understood by the agent , which is a narrow risk consideration of questionable value to the principal but at least an identifiable one .
So , we should now apply this to the language question .
Your manager is likely to avoid threats , risks , scandals , and controversies .
His application of the principals 's concerns will be mainly through the constraints of budgets and expectations .
Here are some examples that should be mostly self - explanatory .
If you want to use Java or PHP :
Everyone is doing it this way
This is the industry - standard approach for this type of problem
This is the low - risk approach
Similar systems have been done many times in Java / PHP
( That 's the " no one ever got fired for buying IBM " argument . )
If you want to use Ruby :
Ruby is in the Tiobe top - ten ( not quite an industry standard , so this is the best you can do )
PHP and Java are higher - cost technologies ( he probably has a budget as an attempt to mitigate the principal - agent problem )
PHP and Java are going to be out of fashion " soon " ( maybe not , but phrased as a " risk of appearing to stupidly use old tech ' , and implying the lack of later credit and recognition )
Ruby is an advanced language with powerful abstractions for cost - effective development ( a weak argument for the agent , but offers the possibility of credit .
The least effective of all the arguments . )
If you want to use Clojure :
My buddy Chad , a 9th grade science teacher , called me at 7 AM this morning in a bit of a panic .
“ Marc , ” he said .
“ I promised my students I ’d have a guest speaker here today , but the speaker just canceled on me at the last minute .
I know you love motivating others , so is there any way you could come in this morning and be our substitute speaker ? ”
“ What ’s the topic ? ” I asked .
“ How to save the world , ” he replied with a chuckle .
“ I ’m kidding .
The speaker I had scheduled was from the city waste management counsel .
She was supposed to speak to the kids about the importance of recycling and conserving the environment and so forth . ”
“ I do n’t know , ” I replied .
“ I do n’t really have any … ”
“ Come on , Marc , ” he insisted .
“ Please .
Pretty please !
I know it would mean so much to the kids if you came in today .
And I ’ve been meaning to ask you to be a guest speaker for awhile now . ”
I thought about it for a second .
“ Well … okay .
What time do you need me to come in ? ”
“ Yes !
Thank you !
If you could be here at 9 AM that would be awesome ! ”
“ Uh , yeah … I ’ll see you then , ” I replied with a bit of uncertainty in my voice .
Crashing and Burning
I arrived promptly at 9AM .
After a short introduction by Chad , I walked up to the front of the classroom .
I did n’t have any cool props or cue cards .
In fact , I barely had enough time to think about what I was going to say .
But as 42 sets of inquiring eyes stared at me , I knew I only had one shot , just one shot to convince them that they could make a difference in this crazy world .
So I took a deep breath and said :
“ What if I told you that you and your immediate family were personally contributing to catastrophic environmental issues around the world ?
And what if I told you that it gets even worse ?
What if I also told you that you were directly contributing to human starvation , water and energy shortages , widespread health problems , and so much more ? ”
The kids remained quiet but seemed irritated .
“ It ’s true , ” I continued .
“ You might not realize you ’re doing these things , but you are … ”
And with every word that left my lips , the kids seemed less and less interested in what I had to say .
I was n’t lying to them .
Because I know for a fact that only a small fraction of American families live sustainable lifestyles .
But I was n’t winning any friends or influencing a single kid with my approach .
I was actually doing the exact opposite – I was crashing and burning in a big way .
A Second Chance
And just when I started to seriously choke over my words , the fire alarm went off .
It was just a fire drill , but I was so relived because it gave me a chance to regroup and effectively organize my thoughts .
And as we walked back into the classroom , I knew I had less than thirty seconds to recapture the attention of my audience .
So I took another deep breath and said :
“ How many of you have ever donated canned goods to the needy ?
Wow , almost all of you !
That ’s great !
Now , how many of you recycle on a regular basis ? ”
Everyone in the class raised a hand .
I smiled .
“ Oh , this is inspiring !
And how many of you have ever held the door open for someone else behind you ? ”
Again , almost every kid raised a hand .
“ Well , I ’m really impressed , ” I stated in a sincere tone .
“ I ’m so sorry .
Please accept my apology .
I was totally wrong about you all .
It appears that we have a whole classroom filled with go - getters who are already practiced in bettering our world .
You should be proud of yourselves . ”
Smiles broke out across the classroom .
“ Now let ’s take a moment and think about something together , ” I continued .
What if – without making much more of an effort than we ’re making right now – we could join collectively as one and feed every starving person in the world , restore the environment , inspire positive change in the lives of others , and have fun in the process ?
Would you do it ?
Would you want to learn how ? ”
“ Yeah ! ” the kids replied collectively .
Well that too is inspiring ! ” I shouted .
“ Because if we could convince enough people to think the way you do , together we could do all of these things and so much more … together we could save the world . ”
Again , big smiles broke out across the classroom .
Conclusion
There are two methods for inspiring positive change in our youth .
The first is to ask them to look in the mirror and see the absolute worst of themselves , and hope that they have enough self - confidence to make a change .
The second is to ask them to look in the mirror and see the absolute best of themselves , which gives them the self - confidence needed to make a change .
Australian authorities plan to round up about 6,000 wild camels with helicopters and shoot them after they overran an outback town in search of water , trampling fences , smashing tanks and contaminating supplies .
The Northern Territory government announced its plan yesterday for Docker River , a town of 350 residents where thirsty camels have been arriving every day for weeks because of drought conditions .
" The community of Docker River is under siege by 6,000 marauding , wild camels , " the local government minister , Rob Knight , said in Alice Springs , 310 miles ( 500 km ) north - east of Docker .
" This is a very critical situation out there , it 's very unusual and it needs urgent action . "
The camels , which are not native to Australia but were introduced in the 1840s , have butted water tanks , approached houses to try to take water from air conditioning units and knocked down fencing at the small airport runway , Knight said .
The carcasses of camels killed in stampedes at water storage areas were contaminating the water supply , he said .
The government plans to use helicopters next week to herd the camels about nine miles outside the town and shoot them , leaving their carcasses to rot in the desert .
A grant of A$ 49,000 ( £ 27,000 ) will be provided for the cull and to repair damaged infrastructure .
" We do n't have the luxury of time because the herd is getting bigger , " Knight said .
It is common to see some camels in the remote community , but the continuing drought and an early heatwave have dried up other water sources and forced more of them into the town .
Much of Australia is gripped by some of the worst drought conditions on record .
In August , the federal government set aside A$ 19 m for a programme to slash the wild camel population , including a possible mass slaughter .
Glenys Oogjes , executive director of the national advocacy group Animals Australia , said the plan to kill camels by helicopter was barbaric , and that the community could instead set up barriers to keep out the camels .
" It 's a terrible thing that people react to these events by shooting , " she said .
" The real concern is the terrible distress and wounding when shot by helicopter ...
There will be terrible suffering . "
Explorers brought camels to Australia to help them travel in the desert , and now an estimated 1 million roam wild across the country .
They compete with sheep and cattle for food , trample vegetation and invade remote settlements in search of water , scaring residents as they tear apart bathrooms and rip up water pipes .
Docker River residents were not especially concerned when about 30 camels came into the town looking for water a few weeks ago , said Graham Taylor , head of the local council .
But fears grew as more animals arrived every day .
He said many people were too frightened to leave their homes because of the animals , which can grow up to 2.1 metres ( 7 ft ) tall and weigh 900kg ( 2,000lb ) .
" We need to get the risk and that threat away from the people , " he said .
Choosing the right attorney is an important decision .
In these difficult times , you need a lawyer with experience and skill to effectively defend your freedom and your future .
Law Offices of Anthony B. Cantrell has focused on criminal defense law since opening our doors in 1989 .
Over the years , we have earned a reputation for excellence among the local legal community and are highly respected in the area courts .
Whether facing a misdemeanor or a felony , clients can count on our ability to provide a vigorous and compelling defense .
Now , we have also expanded our practice to advocate for Texas clients with serious injuries .
You can use our trial experience to your advantage in personal injury litigation .
Quick Facts Essential Facts Interesting Facts Biology is the study of life and living organisms .
Biology considers the cell as a basic unit of life .
Biology recognizes the human genes as the basic unit of heredity .
Evolution is the driving force of creation and extinction of species .
Biology is a natural science that explains natural phenomena as well as describing or predicting .
There are 3 major branches of biology — botany , zoology , and microbiology .
Botany is the scientific study of plants .
Zoology is the scientific study of the behavior , structure , physiology , and classification of animals .
Microbiology is another branch of science that tackles the microorganisms .
In other words , it is the study of microorganisms .
Anatomy is another branch of biology .
In particular , it analyzes the organism ’s structure and the parts .
Anatomy is related to things such as developmental biology , evolutionary biology , comparative anatomy , embryology , and phylogeny .
Theoretical biology uses a mathematical formula .
Experimental biology conducts empirical experiments to examine the validity of the proposed theories .
Physiology is the study of how organs and organ systems function .
Ecology is the study of how organisms interact with each other to their environment .
Cytology is the study of cells .
Evolutionary biology is the study of evolutionary processes .
Taxonomy is responsible for naming and classifying organisms .
Genetics is the study of heredity and its variation .
Molecular biology is the study of biological molecules such as DNA .
Table of Contents 01 Biotechnology intervenes in the organisms to solve problems 02 Paleontology is the study of fossils .
03 Paleontology sits in between biology and geology .
04 The term Biology came from Ancient Greek .
05 Modern biology is relatively young .
06 Natural philosophy is one of the " origin " of modern science .
07 Scholars of the medieval Islamic world specialized in studying medicine .
08 The microscope played a fundamental role in biology .
09 Antonie van Leeuwenhoek is the " Father of Microbiology " .
10 Zacharias Janssen takes credit for the invention of the microscope .
11 Carl Linnaeus published the basic taxonomy .
12 People that study biology are called biologists .
13 Charles Darwin's theory of evolution marked the start of the discussion on natural selection .
14 Aristotle is considered to be the first biologist .
15 Hippocrates is the " Father of Western Medicine " .
16 Joseph Priestley discovered oxygen .
17 Not all bacterias are bad .
18 The common cold is a type of virus .
19 Molds , yeasts , and mushrooms are types of fungus .
20 There are 5 kingdom classifications .
21 The foundation of biology starts with the cell .
22 Bacteria are extremely small and are made up of just one cell .
23
The adult body has an average of 7,000 white blood cells .
24 There are six main types of white blood cells .
25 The formation of white blood cells starts in the bone marrow .
26 Living things can be classified into three categories .
27 Future generations may never see a live tiger anymore .
28 Biotechnology contains an extensive range of methods for modifying living organisms .
29 Dolly the sheep is the first cloned mammal using an adult cell .
30 Megan and Morag is the first cloned mammal using an embryo cell .
31 Dolly , the sheep had a normal and happy life .
32 Louis Pasteur invented the Pasteurization .
33 Pasteurization limits the number of organisms , while sterilization kills or living organisms .
34 The human body has 7 octillion atoms .
35 Atoms in the human body are more than a billion - year - old. 36 The human body has 12 systems .
37 The O- blood types are universal donors while AB + are universal recipients .
38 There are 4 types of blood groups .
39 The human DNA is stored in 23 pairs of chromosomes .
40 Research suggests that the appendix serves a purpose .
41 There is no 100 % definite answer to why people or even some other animals yawn .
42 The human brain works harder during sleeping .
43 The liver has over 500 functions .
44 Too much sun exposure can do long - term damage to the blood vessels in the skin .
45 Almost all of the body parts can repair itself .
46 The human 's little finger provides over 50 % of the hand ’s strength .
47 The orbicularis oculi and levator palpebrae superioris muscle are the fastest muscles in the human body .
48 A human has around 150,000 hairs in the head .
49 The human brain has around " 4 terabytes of memory space " .
50 The human eye is 576 megapixels .
Biotechnology intervenes in the organisms to solve problems
In contrast to molecular biology , biotechnology intervenes in the organisms to solve problems , especially to the genes or DNA to produce favorable results .
In particular , it exploits the biological processes for industrial and other important objectives , primarily the genetic utilization of microorganisms to produce antibiotics , hormones , etc .
Paleontology is the study of fossils .
Paleontology is the study of fossils .
In other words , it is the scientific study of life that existed before , or sometimes , even during its lifetime .
Furthermore , as early as the 5th century BC , paleontological observations have been documented already .
Thus , the term itself comes from the Greek word , Palaios , which means “ old ” or “ ancient ” .
Paleontology sits in between biology and geology .
Biology is the study of life , while geology is the study of solid features .
And paleontology sits in between the border of biology and geology .
Furthermore , geology also explains the structure of the earth ’s surface and the processes that have shaped that structure .
Above all , it determines the relative or exact ages of rocks that are found in a certain location , as well as knowing its history .
Read also : 55 Bacteria Facts You Cannot Miss
The term Biology came from Ancient Greek .
The term Biology came from the Ancient Greek word “ Bíos ” which means “ Life ” .
Meanwhile , “ Logía ” means “ branch of study ” or “ to speak ” .
Hence , “ Biología ” is the combined word of “ Biology ” which is used today .
However , the complete word “ Biología ” or “ βιολογία ” ca n’t be found in Ancient Greek .
Thus , the French and English adapted it accordingly .
Modern biology is relatively young .
Although modern biology just recently developed and became advanced , the “ old science ” has been using it since ancient times in different places such as ancient civilizations of Mesopotamia , Egypt , the Indian subcontinent , and ancient China .
Natural philosophy is one of the " origin " of modern science .
The ancient civilizations of ancient China , Mesopotamia , Egypt , and the Indian subcontinent studied what they call “ natural philosophy ” .
In particular , natural philosophy is the philosophical study of nature to the universe ( the study of general questions about reason , existence , knowledge , values , language , and mind ) .
Hence , it is the main source of knowledge before modern science came into the picture .
Scholars of the medieval Islamic world specialized in studying medicine .
The Scholars of the medieval Islamic world ( the period of cultural , economic , and scientific advancement in the history of Islam ) specialized in studying medicine through the Greek philosopher traditions .
Accordingly , Al - Jahiz , Al - Dīnawarī , and Rhazes are its famous Scholars .
The microscope played a fundamental role in biology .
The invention of the microscope became the game - changer of biology .
Since the microscope can see objects that are too small to be seen by the naked eye , the discovery of bacteria , infusoria and spermatozoa were immediately exposed to the scholars , scientists , and researchers .
Antonie van Leeuwenhoek is the " Father of Microbiology " .
Antonie van Leeuwenhoek , a Dutch businessman and scientist in the Golden Age of Dutch science and technology , is a self - taught man of science .
Accordingly , Antonie van Leeuwenhoek is one of the pioneers in microscopy and contributed to the establishment of microbiology .
He became the “ Father of Microbiology ” and was the first person to see a live cell using the microscope .
Read also : 55 Bacteria Facts You Cannot Miss
Zacharias Janssen takes credit for the invention of the microscope .
Although there is no official inventor of the microscope , historians credited the invention to Zacharias Janssen .
He is from Hague , Netherlands and aside from inventing the microscope , he is associated with the invention of the first optical telescope
Carl Linnaeus published the basic taxonomy .
In the year 1735 , Carl Linnaeus published the basic taxonomy for the natural world which helped many scholars .
Accordingly , taxonomy is important because it categorizes the organisms .
It makes it easier to communicate biological information as well as classifying them .
Moreover , Carl Linnaeus is not just an expert in taxology but also botany and zoology .
People that study biology are called biologists .
Some of the most famous biologists are Charles Darwin , Aristotle , Hippocrates , and Joseph Priestley .
Charles Darwin's theory of evolution marked the start of the discussion on natural selection .
Charles Darwin is famous for his “ Theory of Evolution ” .
As a biologist , Charles Darwin created the idea that “ all species of life ” came from a single source .
Furthermore , Darwin ’s theory of evolution marked the start of the discussion on natural selection .
Charles Darwin is born in Shrewsbury , the United Kingdom on February 12 , 1809 .
Aristotle is considered to be the first biologist .
Aristotle was born in Stagira , Chalcide in Macedonia ( known as northern Greece today ) on 384 BC .
He distinguished living things such as calling them animals , plants , etc and he classified it with blood , without blood , and the lists go on .
Aristotle is considered to be the first biologist in the Western tradition .
Hippocrates is the " Father of Western Medicine " .
Born in ‎ Ancient Greece in 460 BC , Hippocrates became the “ Father of Western Medicine ” .
Hippocrates is the first person to explain various diseases to natural causes rather than the logic of superstition that sickness is caused by gods .
Furthermore ,
He described many diseases as well as their treatment after a detailed observation .
Read also : 55 Bacteria Facts You Cannot Miss
Joseph Priestley discovered oxygen .
Since biology refers to the study life , the discovery of oxygen is a vital part of it as well .
Joseph Priestley discovered oxygen by experimenting with colorless gas by heating red mercuric oxide .
Joseph Priestley set up an experiment to test if plants can produce oxygen .
When he put a burning candle in a closed container , all the oxygen in the container quickly extinguished the candle ’s flame .
He put the plant and relit the candle again , this time the flame continued burning .
This showed that plants produce a gas that allows fuels to burn , and this gas is oxygen .
Not all bacterias are bad .
Different bacteria can make a person sick such as Salmonella , Escherichia Coli or E Coli , Shigella , etc .
Although many bacteria can cause sickness , other bacteria have positive effects on the human body .
For instance , some foods like yogurt have probiotics that may help prevent digestive problems .
Thus , probiotics are often called “ good ” bacteria since they help the body system to stay healthy .
The common cold is a type of virus .
The common cold is a type of virus or viral infectious disease of the upper respiratory tract .
The virus affects the nose , sinus , and / or the throat that eventually leads to coughing , sore throat , runny nose , headache , and fever .
Although rhinovirus is the most common virus , there are over 200 viruses that can cause a common cold .
Molds , yeasts , and mushrooms are types of fungus .
Molds , yeasts , as well as the tasty mushrooms are types of fungus ( a member of the group of eukaryotic organisms ) .
Indeed , the mushrooms do not belong in the plant or animal kingdom but rather placed in the kingdom of their own .
There are 5 kingdom classifications .
In the year 1969 , it was proposed that fungi should be in a separate kingdom as a part of a new five - kingdom system of classification .
The 5 kingdoms are ; Kingdom Animalia ( animals ) , Kingdom Plantae ( plants ) , Kingdom Fungi , Kingdom Protista ( algae , amoebas , euglena , etc. ) , and Kingdom Monera ( bacteria ) .
The foundation of biology starts with the cell .
The foundation of biology starts with the cell and the life within it .
All of the living things have at least one cell or more .
Moreover , cells are the central unit of structure in all organisms and also the basic unit of reproduction .
Without it , the reproduction of life is impossible .
Read also : 55 Bacteria Facts You Cannot Miss
Bacteria are extremely small and are made up of just one cell .
In contrast to other organisms , bacteria are very simple because it is only made up of one cell .
The cell inside the bacteria is very small and less complex compare to the other cell types out there .
The adult body has an average of 7,000 white blood cells .
Aside from the red blood cells of the human body , it also contains white blood cells .
The white blood cell is way fewer compared to the red blood cells .
In particular , the adult body has around 7,000 white blood cells on average .
The white blood cells are very important to the body because are a part of the immune system which fights against infection .
There are six main types of white blood cells .
The six types of white blood cells are ; neutrophils which make up 58 % of our blood , monocytes and lymphocytes that make up 4 % of our blood each , bands make up 3 % of our blood , eosinophils make up 2 % of our blood , and finally basophils make up 1 % of our blood .
The formation of white blood cells starts in the bone marrow .
Most white blood cells are developed in the bone marrow .
The neutrophil , eosinophil , and basophil are classified as granulocytes that contain digestive enzymes .
As soon as the granulocyte is released into human blood , it remains for an average of 6 hours .
Finally , it goes into the tissues of the body , where it can last up to 20 days .
However , the lifespan of the white blood cells is reduced drastically if there is an infection in the body .
Living things can be classified into three categories .
Living things that eat plants as their primary food source are classified as “ Herbivores ” .
Living things that eat meat as their primary food source are classified as “ Carnivore ” .
And lastly , living things that consume both plants and meat are classified as “ Omnivore ”
Future generations may never see a live tiger anymore .
Several species of animals and plants are dangerously at risk of extinction .
Without human intervention or protection , future generations may only see these living things in books and computers .
Animals that are in serious risks are ; sea turtles , tiger , rhinos , pangolin , and gorillas .
On the other hand , plants that are on the verge of extinction are ; Arizona agave , Stenogyne Kanehoana , Wiggin ’s Acalypha , Georgia Aster , and the Western Prairie Fringed Orchid .
Read also : 55 Bacteria Facts You Cannot Miss
Biotechnology contains an extensive range of methods for modifying living organisms .
Genetically modified animals are animals that have been genetically modified .
In other words , these are the projects and experiments in the animals , plants , etc. that have been modified using biotechnology .
“ Biotechnology ” or “ Biotech ” contains an extensive range of methods for modifying living organisms according to human purposes , such as the domestication of animals , cultivation of the plants for its improvement through breeding programs that apply artificial selection and hybridization ( hybrid ) .
Dolly the sheep is the first cloned mammal using an adult cell .
The first mammal to be cloned from an adult cell is Dolly the sheep .
On July 5 , 1996 , she was born to her Scottish Blackface surrogate mother .
Dolly the sheep got its name after the country singer Dolly Parton because Dolly ’s DNA came from a mammary gland cell .
Megan and Morag is the first cloned mammal using an embryo cell .
Dolly the sheep may be the first mammal to be cloned using an adult cell , but Megan and Morag ( two sheep from Cambridge , UK ) were the first sheep to be cloned in the history using embryo cells in 1984 .
Dolly , the sheep had a normal and happy life .
Dolly the sheep had a normal life spent her it at The Roslin Institute along with several media appearances .
Dolly had 6 lambs with a Welsh Mountain ram named “ David ” .
In general , Dolly had a normal and happy life until February 2003 , when she developed a cough .
Upon her check - up , the CT scan showed tumors growing in her lungs .
And to avoid the suffering of Dolly , euthanization became the solution .
Louis Pasteur invented the Pasteurization .
Louis Pasteur ( a French biologist , microbiologist , and chemist ) invented a system to stop various foods and liquids making people sick which is called “ Pasteurization ” .
Accordingly , Pasteurization reduces the number of microorganisms that may lead to sickness without affecting quality or taste in contrast to sterilization .
Pasteurization limits the number of organisms , while sterilization kills or living organisms .
Pasteurization is the process of heating liquids to a particular temperature to slow microbial growth in the food .
On the other hand , sterilization is the process of eliminating all forms of bacteria from any product .
Hence , pasteurization does not kill all the organisms that are existing in the food , rather only reduces its number .
While sterilization kills all living organisms in the food .
Read also : 55 Bacteria Facts You Cannot Miss
The human body has 7 octillion atoms .
The atom is the smallest particle of a chemical element that can retain its chemical properties .
Atoms are much smaller than the cell , and an adult is made up of around 7 octillion atoms .
The actual figures of 7 octillion have 27 zeros and it looks like this – 7,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 .
Atoms in the human body are more than a billion - year - old .
All the atoms in the human body are more than a billion - year - old .
Hydrogen ( the most abundant element in the universe ) is one of the major features of the human body , which came from the big bang more than 13 billion years ago .
The human body has 12 systems .
They are ; digestive system , cardiovascular system , immune system , nervous system , respiratory system , reproductive system , skeletal system , muscular system , urinary system , integumentary system , lymphatic system , and endocrine system .
The O- blood types are universal donors while AB + are universal recipients .
The human bodies can handle blood without the presence of an antigen , a foreign substance that induces an immune response in the body , but it ca n’t handle the introduction of a new antigen into the circulatory system .
This is the reason why people with O- blood are known as universal donors and anyone can use it .
In contrast , People with AB + blood are universal recipients and they have every antigen in their blood already which means , the AB + blood is compatible with any other blood type .
There are 4 types of blood groups .
There are 4 types of blood groups and those are A , B , O , and AB .
In order of majority , the different blood groups are ; O+ ( 38 % ) , A+ ( 34 % ) , B+ ( 9 % ) , O- ( 7 % ) , A- ( 6 % ) , AB + ( 3 % ) , B- ( 2 % ) , and AB - ( 1 % ) .
The human DNA is stored in 23 pairs of chromosomes .
The human DNA is stored in 23 pairs of chromosomes ( a threadlike structure of nucleic acids and protein found in the nucleus of most living cells ) within the nucleus of every cell in the body .
Accordingly , all the cells have a full set of chromosomes that contain all the genetic material needed to determine the makeup of our entire human bodies .
And that is the main reason why animal cloning can be done with just a single cell .
Read also : 55 Bacteria Facts You Cannot Miss
Research suggests that the appendix serves a purpose .
In contrast to the belief of many that appendix is just part of the evolution and serves no purpose , the latest research suggests that the appendix serves as an important place for the bacteria in the digestive system to rest and reproduce .
However , it is true that humans can live normally even without an appendix .
There is no 100 % definite answer to why people or even some other animals yawn .
Yawning is an involuntary action of opening the mouth and breathing in deeply , filling the lungs with air .
Scientists believe that yawning is a way to keep our brains alert in times of stress , while others believe that it is a result of tiredness , and it is the way of “ recovering ” .
However , there is no 100 % definite answer to why people or even some other animals yawn .
Yawning is contagious as well .
For instance , if a person sees another person yawning , the person who saw it has a good chance of yawning too .
( You ’ve probably been yawning already just by reading this ) .
The human brain works harder during sleeping .
In contrast to the belive of many , the human brain is not “ relaxing ” while sleeping .
Instead , it works harder while sleeping compared during the daytime when humans are awake .
The brain process different things that a person thought as well as the emotions felt during active hours and storing them in the memory .
Even more , the brain is responsible for breathing during sleeping hours .
The interruption of breathing while sleeping may indicate a problem in the brain ’s signaling .
The brain may momentarily “ forget ” to command the muscles to breathe .
The liver has over 500 functions .
Aside from just filtering the toxins from the blood , it also creates bile that breaks down fat and carries away waste , producing cholesterol , regulating blood clotting , processing hemoglobin , just to name a few .
Too much sun exposure can do long - term damage to the blood vessels in the skin .
Too much sun exposure may not just cause sunburn but also do long - term damage to the blood vessels in the skin .
Accordingly , it will take more than 4 to 12 months for the capillaries and small arteries and as well as the veins to return to a normal condition and regenerate after extreme sun exposure .
Almost all of the body parts can repair itself .
Except for the teeth , all of the body parts of the human can repair or regenerate by itself .
Hence , inborn human biology allows any body part to repair naturally including some other severe damages .
However , since the teeth do not have a living tissue , it is impossible for the teeth to repair itself .
Read also : 55 Bacteria Facts You Cannot Miss
The human 's little finger provides over 50 % of the hand ’s strength .
The little finger of the human has always been underestimated for its size and use .
However , researches show that a human ’s little finger provides over 50 % of the hand ’s strength and losing the little finger is really detrimental .
The orbicularis oculi and levator palpebrae superioris muscle are the fastest muscles in the human body .
The main muscles in the eyelid that control the opening and closing as well as blinking are the orbicularis oculi and levator palpebrae superioris muscle .
These muscles are the fastest muscles in the human body as they can contract in less than one - hundredth of a second .
In general , a person blinks around 12 thousand times per day .
A human has around 150,000 hairs in the head .
A newborn baby has around 100,000 hairs on his or her head .
As the person grows , it can reach up to 150,000 depending on his or her genes .
Every day , each person can lose up to 125 hairs naturally and roughly grow the same numbers of hair each day ( more or less ) .
Furthermore , the hair grows around 6 inches per year , while the male ’s hair grows much faster compared to the female .
The human brain has around " 4 terabytes of memory space " .
The human brain has around “ 4 terabytes of memory space ” ( that is around 1 million songs of storage compared to a 128 GB which can hold only around 6,000 songs ) .
Even more , according to some neuroscientists , a genius mind can even hold up to 100 terabytes .
However , neuroscientists believe that a person only uses around 10 percent of their brain ’s capacity or storage .
Amazing 3D Calendar : Use All Dimensions in 2010
Amazing 3D Calendar 2010 is no annual planner and not a calendar in the usual sense , but rather twelve o’clock A4 - sized calendar .
In its open position A3 - sized .
‘ Open position ? ’ , Â you might be wandering .
Yes !
This calendar is paper crafted device that when opened pops - up objects .
Every day new challenges are putting the modern design to new challenges , as demands for fresh ides emerge .
This calendar brings in some fresh creative energy to the table .
Monochrome white paper , with simple elegance brings reduced - form expression .
The 3D Calendar 2010 shows just what paper is capable of .
This is marvelous paper construction that has amazed us at Chill Out Point with its geniality .
This is where you will find the official website of this calender .
This amazing video teaches how you could make your own calender , if you can catch up with it
Quick question : where does this URL go to ?
http://tinyurl.com/ya8p9vg
How about this one ?
http://bit.ly/DkXOW
Would you have guessed that the first goes to a Computerworld article about business - appropriate avatars , and the second goes to the previous post on Open the Future ?
The use of URL - shortening services is a classic example of short - term need trumping long - term resilience .
Shortened URLs :
That is , URL - shorteners violate three key principles of resilient design : they offer no transparency , no redundancy , and no decentralization .
They 're classic single - points of failure .
As a result , shortened URLs have little or no reference or archival value .
A dead short URL is far worse than a dead standard URL , in fact , because ( a ) you have no way of getting contextual meaning , and ( b ) you can't even go look up the address on the Internet Archive .
This is a real problem for those of us who think of the Internet as a tool for building knowledge .
For better or for worse , services such as Twitter have gone from being ephemeral conversation media to being used as tools of collaborative awareness about the world .
We can no longer assume that a link in a short message is of only transient value .
Yet many of us ( including me ) rely heavily on shorteners when using URLs " conversationally , " such as on Twitter or in an instant message chat .
They take far fewer characters than a typical URL ; in length - limited media such as Twitter , that 's a critical advantage .
So , in the immortal phrase , what is to be done ?
Given that the need for URL shortening will remain as long as we use character - limit media such as Twitter or SMS , I can think of a few steps that would help to return some of the information resilience to the system :
A group of outraged Florida voters has launched the Web site MyCongressmanIsNuts.com in a drive to oust Democratic Rep. Alan Grayson , the outspoken lawmaker who grabbed national headlines after it was revealed that , among other comments , he called an adviser to the Federal Reserve chairman a “ K Street whore ” in a radio interview in September .
The site is raising money to defeat the Orlando - area congressman and the site ’s organizers describe it as a “ more appropriate alternative ” to Mr. Grayson ’s CongressmanWithGuts.com , which the Grayson campaign said helped to raise more than $ 250,000 in the first three weeks of October .
The “ Nuts ” site took in about $ 3,335 overnight after its Thursday evening launch , according to a donation ticker on the Web page .
“ Alan Grayson ’s recent self - indulgent behavior has paralyzed his ability to serve as an advocate for the citizens of central Florida , ” the Web site says in a plea for contributions .
The site features YouTube videos of TV and cable news reports critical of Mr. Grayson ’s exploits .
“ Every penny that we raise is going to go to exposing his policies and who he really is , ” said Angie Langley , 34 , chairwoman of the recently formed political action committee behind the Web site .
“ We are going to flood the district with bumper stickers , yard signs , and we are prepared to launch radio and television ads - whatever it takes to make sure this guy is not re-elected . ”
Ms. Langley , a business development consultant in the Lake County portion of Mr. Grayson ’s district , said the PAC is not affiliated with a political party and is not backing any candidates .
She is not new to politics , however , having previously served as chairman of the Lake County Republican Party .
The PAC ’s two other board members are a registered Republican and a registered libertarian .
Mr. Grayson ’s office did not immediately respond to a request for comment .
Several Republicans have lined up to challenge Mr. Grayson , including a trio of “ tea party ” activists hoping to capitalize on the anti-tax , anti-big government movement that flourished over the summer .
But national Republicans reportedly are looking for a stronger candidate in what has historically been a GOP - leaning district .
The Bronx , N.Y. - born Mr. Grayson , a wealthy businessman and lawyer , was a freshman House member virtually unknown on the national stage before his stinging rhetoric and take - no - prisoners style began to draw attention in September .
That ’s when he stood on the House floor and said the Republican health care plan is “ to die quickly if you get sick . ”
He responded to calls for an apology by apologizing instead to “ the dead and their families that we have n’t voted sooner to end this holocaust in America . ”
He also set up his own Web site - NamesOfTheDead.com - that claims to list people who have died without health insurance .
He has described criticism of his frank comments as “ Republican hissy fits . ”
Some House Republicans talked of an official censure for Mr. Grayson over his health care remarks on the floor , but the effort died .
But on Tuesday Mr. Grayson did offer what he called “ my sincere apology ” to Linda Robertson , the adviser to Fed Chairman Ben S. Bernanke whom he called a “ K Street whore ” last month on the nationally syndicated “ Alex Jones Show . ”
Such derogatory references to K Street , a base of many Washington lobbyists , are not unheard of in the nation ’s capital , but are usually reserved for private conversations and not nationally syndicated radio .
On the “ Alex Jones Show , ” Mr. Grayson said : “ This lobbyist , this K Street whore , is trying to teach me about economics . ”
The remark was widely criticized by Republicans and Democrats alike .
“ This characterization of Ms. Robertson , made during a radio interview last month in the context of the debate over whether the Federal Reserve should be independently audited , was inappropriate , and I apologize , ” he said .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
HUNTSVILLE , Ala . --
A former Huntsville police officer has been sentenced to seven years in prison for possessing a handgun with the serial number removed .
Circuit Judge Karen
Hall gave the sentence to 32 - year - old Wes Little on Monday , saying law enforcement officers are held to a higher standard .
She said the case was difficult for everyone involved and she took note of Little 's family and the numerous witnesses who spoke on his behalf .
Little joined the Huntsville Police Department in December 2006 and resigned in June 2008 after an internal investigation .
He found the gun while searching a crime scene but said he had no criminal intent in keeping it .
He was acquitted on three other charges , including evidence tampering and false report to law enforcement and attempting to distribute a controlled substance .
Arsenal are facing a major setback after reports in Holland claimed striker Robin van Persie has sustained serious ankle ligament damage while on international duty .
Van Persie was taken off on a stretcher just 15 minutes into Holland 's friendly 0 - 0 draw against Italy after being brought down by Giorgio Chiellini while chasing a through ball .
The tackle left Van Persie writhing in pain , grasping his right ankle .
Coach Bert van Marwijk said after the game : " The first diagnosis is a bad ankle injury .
We are waiting for X - rays in hospital .
It 's terrible for Robin and is not good for Holland or his club . "
If the news is confirmed the injury could keep Van Persie , 26 , sidelined for up to three months , and is a huge blow to Arsenal 's title aspirations .
So far this season he has scored seven league goals , helping them to second spot in the Premier League behind Chelsea .
Technology is on the side of singles to help us find love , so here are the top 10 best apps for maybe finding the man of your life .
Tinder : the most complete
The use is simple , we register with his Facebook account ( nothing is published ) or with his email address and go !
You enter your criteria , age , location and Tinder makes a selection of men around .
The boy likes you , you swipe to the left , you do not like you swipe to the right , after all you have to do is wait for a match and you can start the conversation or wait for the lucky one to come to you .
Tinder started offering a web based version for its dating app called Tinder online that can be used on any desktop pc or Mac computers .
Call it a case of not seeing the forest for the trees .
Over the past five years , San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom 's touted Trees for Tomorrow program has overseen the planting of 26,408 trees citywide .
To reach the mayor 's goal , the Department of Public Works alone planted 8,420 trees at a cost of $ 7.76 million .
The program calls for the department to spend $ 1.1 million a year for the next three years to maintain the new trees and another $ 570,000 a year to an outside contractor to water them .
Meanwhile , roughly a third of the DPW 's tree maintenance crews - nine laborers , four gardeners and four line supervisors - were laid off Friday because of budget cuts .
That means there will be 17 fewer people to maintain older city trees , street medians and any other public space maintained by the department .
" Unfortunately , this year , we 've had to cut frontline staff , " said DPW spokeswoman Christine Falvey .
" Services are going to be impacted , but we 'll continue to protect the investment we 've made in the young trees we 've planted . "
And hey - we made our goal .
Roadkill : Oakland kicks off a program Monday that the city says will make it easier to instantly retrieve your booted car .
The question is , can you afford it ?
Under the new program , drivers whose cars have been booted for outstanding tickets can simply call an operator and pay on the spot with credit card or e-check .
Bingo , they 're given a six - digit code to unlock the SmartBoot .
The bad news :
It will cost you an extra $ 140 service fee to PayLock , the friendly folks behind the SmartBoot contract , plus a credit card processing fee that can run as high as $ 175 for more than $ 5,000 in unpaid tickets .
( Do n't laugh .
Some people manage to pile up that many citations . )
And that 's on top of the $ 125 the city already takes for its troubles .
Plus , of course , the ticket costs .
And by the way , if you do n't pay for the new " convenience " within 24 hours , you 're also looking at an additional $ 170 towing charge and $ 60 a day for storage - and you 're on the hook for all those other fees .
San Francisco , incidentally , took a pass on this program precisely because of the extra fees .
No deal : Looks like Nedir Bey - a onetime associate of the defunct Your Black Muslim Bakery , whose leader has been accused of ordering the slaying of Oakland journalist Chauncey Bailey - wo n't be getting a contract after all to install energy - efficient lights at the North Berkeley BART Station .
As we reported the other day , Bey 's year - old Solar Eclipse firm was awarded half of a $ 1.4 million BART contract to install the lights - but the deal was contingent on his providing proof of licensing and bonding .
On Thursday , Bey 's firm missed the deadline to come up with the required documents .
Instead ,
Bey sent a letter to the transit agency asking for more time and saying BART " has a lot to gain in showing minority contractors that BART is serious about increasing the number of minority businesses " to which it gives contracts .
Despite his plea , Bey is out of luck .
BART spokesman Linton Johnson said " the contract automatically terminated " once Bey missed the deadline .
Now , BART is scrambling to see whether the electrical company that was awarded the other half of the contract for similar work at Oakland 's City Center / 12th Street Station can legally pick up the job .
If not , BART may be out about $ 750,000 in state grant money - all because the deadline has lapsed for spending the dough .
Keep the wallet open : Jerry Brownis counting on the single biggest cash haul of his exploratory gubernatorial Wednesday night when Hollywood A - listers and their friends gather for a $ 5,000 - to $ 50,000 - a- head cocktail reception at the Bel Air home of producer and former talent manager Sandy Gallin .
In addition to DreamWorks founders Steven Spielberg , David Geffen and Jeffrey Katzenberg , the two dozen co-chairs for the event include such very deep - pocketed folks as Barry Diller and Diane von Furstenberg , Larry Ellison , Reed Hastings and Wallis Allenberg .
PC pot :
It had to be the most politically correct grow house the cops have ever seen .
Acting on a tip from neighbors , San Francisco police raided a house on Los Palmos Drive , in the Miraloma Park neighborhood near Mount Davidson , where they found 200 budding marijuana plants .
Grow houses are notorious for being hot - wired fire traps , so the cops did a check .
Not only was the wiring fine , it led to a row of solar panels on the roof - making it truly a " green " grow operation .
EXTRA !
Catch our blog at www.sfgate.com/matierandross.
High Frequency Measurements Web Page
Douglas C. Smith
Address : P. O. Box 1457 , Los Gatos , CA 95031
TEL : 800-323-3956/408-356-4186
FAX : 408-358-3799
Mobile : 408-858-4528
URL : www.dsmith.org
Email : doug@dsmith.org
DC to 1GHz Probe Construction Plans
( revised November 1 , 2004 )
( new audio podcast information added January 4 , 2006 )
Step 1 : 50 Ohm Termination Step 2 : Add Central Post Step 3 : Add Tip Resistor Step 4 : Add Heat Shrink Tubing Step 5 : Add Frequency Compensation Step 6 : The Final Probe
Click on the pictures to zoom in and click again to return to this page .
Construction :
The probe shown above is a home built DC to 1GHz probe that works as well commercial probes costing hundreds of dollars .
This probe and its properties are discussed at length in my seminars and in talks at various IEEE EMC Society presentations .
To build one , follow these steps :
Step 1 : Build a 50 Ohm termination using four 1206 surface mount 200 Ohm 1 % resistors soldered into a BNC barrel adapter as shown .
Glue the resistors to an insulating washer first to make mounting easier .
To view a method using an insulating washer to make construction of the 50 Ohm termination easier see the Technical Tidbit for March 2000 , Improved Construction Technique for a 50 Ohm Termination .
Step 2 : Add a central post of about 3.5 cm.
Build out its diameter with copper EMI tape until the tape just touches the resistors when the post is inserted into the BNC .
Solder the resistors to the EMI tape .
Use 16 gauge bus bar wire for the post .
Step 3 : Add a tip resistor .
This resistor determines the probe factor and input impedance .
A 976 Ohm 1 % 1206 surface mount resistor works well and results in a 40:1 probe with a 1000 Ohm input resistance .
Step 4 : Add heat shrink tubing over the central post to insulate it .
Step 5 : Cover the tubing with copper EMI tape , extending it over the BNC barrel .
This forms a distributed capacitor to compensate for the parasitic capacitance of the tip resistor .
The copper tape is trimmed until the probe has flat frequency response ( falling off a d B or so at 1 GHz is OK and actually desirable ) .
The probe response can be measured on a spectrum analyzer that has a tracking generator .
If this is not available , leave the copper tape at its full length to insure the probe does not have increasing gain at 1GHz .
Step 6 : Add a ground lead and overall heat shrink tubing for insulation and you are done !
The probe shown above in the Step 6 picture was built by one of my seminar attendees .
Theory of Operation :
The probe is a voltage divider comprised of the 976 Ohm tip resistor and a 25 Ohm load ( the 50 Ohm termination in parallel with the 50 Ohm characteristic impedance of the coaxial cable ) .
However , at 1 GHz the parasitic capacitance of the resistors causes the divider to become an RC voltage divider as shown in Figure 1 below .
R1C1 is the 976 Ohm tip resistor with its parasitic capacitance while R2C2 is comprised of the 25 Ohm load and the parasitic capacitance of the 200 Ohm resistors .
Figure 1 . RC Voltage Divider
The transfer function for the RC voltage divider is given by :
Note that when R1C1 equals R2C2 all frequency dependence drops out of the transfer function and the divider behaves like a simple resistive divider .
Since R1 , 976 Ohms , is about 39 times the value of R2 , 25 Ohms , then C2 must be about 39 times the value of C1 .
It is very unlikely that the four 200 Ohm resistors will have that much capacitance so we must add extra capacitance across the 200 Ohm resistors .
If the parasitic capacitance of the tip resistor is 0.1 pF , then a total of 3.9 pF of capacitance across the 200 Ohm resistors , including their parasitic capacitance , will be needed for the frequency response to be flat .
The foil serves to add the required capacitance .
By trimming its length , just the right amount of capacitance can be added to give the probe a flat frequency response .
Without the foil , typical surface mount resistors will give the probe about 6 dB of unwanted gain at 1 GHz .
At 1 GHz , the input impedance of the probe is dropping due to the parasitic capacitance of the tip resistor .
An unwanted gain of 6 dB at 1 GHz implies that the parasitic capacitance of the tip resistor is becoming comparable to its resistance of 976 Ohms .
Lowered input impedance at high frequencies becomes the main limiting factor for the useful frequency range of this probe .
To build a probe useable to higher frequencies , resistors with lower parasitic capacitance must be used .
Resistors used in microwave circuits are typically adjusted by grinding down the thickness of the film rather than making a cut in the film and so have lower parasitic capacitance .
These resistors should allow higher frequency response for this probe .
Because of the reduced tip resistor capacitance , less foil will be needed .
An in - depth audio format discussion of this article covering background as well as more technical details is available at : http://emcesd-p.com
If you like the information in this article and others on this website , much more information is available in my courses .
Click here to see a listing of upcoming courses on design , measurement , and troubleshooting of chips , circuits , and systems .
Check out my podcast containing mp3 format short tutorials , tech news and more !
Just click on the microphone to see the listing of free audio programs .
Content is added every week on technical topics so check back frequently .
Top of Page
Back to Home Page
Questions or suggestions ?
Contact me at doug@dsmith.org
Copyright © 1999 - 2006 Douglas C. Smith
There 's only one nocreditcheckproperties.com domain .
Once purchased , it may never become available again .
TOKYO ( Reuters ) - Japan said on Tuesday it would give Afghanistan up to $ 5 billion in new aid , a move Tokyo hopes will improve strained security ties with Washington ahead of U.S. President Barack Obama ’s visit this week .
U.S. President Barack Obama speaks at a Democratic National Committee fundraiser in San Francisco , California October 15 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Kevin Lamarque / Files
Japan and the United States also agreed to set up a working group to examine plans to relocate a U.S. military base on Japan ’s southern island of Okinawa , a feud over which had raised concerns about the security alliance between the world ’s two biggest economies .
It is the first big test of ties between Washington and a new Japanese government that wants a more equal relationship with its closest security ally .
Hatoyama is expected to present the aid package to Obama , who is reviewing U.S. strategy for Afghanistan , at a summit on Friday in Tokyo .
The aid would be delivered over five years .
The aid package , which comes ahead of a planned halt to Japan ’s naval refuelling mission in support of U.S. - led operations in Afghanistan , will focus on civilian steps including job training for former Taliban fighters .
Tokyo and Washington have said the row over the relocation of the Futenma air base would not be the main focus of the talks on Friday , but Hatoyama is under pressure to make a decision soon .
Under a 2006 agreement , the Futenma Marine base is to be closed and replaced with a facility built in a remoter part of the island by 2014 as part of a realignment of the 47,000 U.S. military personnel in Japan .
But Hatoyama said before his party ’s landslide August election victory that the base should be moved off the island , where many residents resent what they see as an unfair share of the burden of the U.S. military presence in Japan .
In an interview with Japanese broadcaster NHK , Obama said he understood the need for Tokyo to reexamine the reorganisation of U.S. bases given a new government had taken office .
But he added : “ I am confident that once the review is completed , they will conclude that the alliance that we have , the basing arrangements that have been discussed , all of these things serve the interest of Japan and they will continue . ”
TOUGH DECISION
Replacing Futenma is a prerequisite for reorganising U.S. troops and reducing the burden on Okinawa by moving up to 8,000 Marines to Guam , partly at Japan ’s expense .
Hatoyama faces a tough decision as he tries to maintain the support of the Okinawan people without upsetting Washington .
“ If the new government approves the ... base plan as it was agreed under the previous government , that would be tantamount to an act of suicide , so I do n’t think the Hatoyama government will choose that path , ” Yoichi Iha , the mayor of Ginowan city where the Futenma base is located , told a news conference .
A survey by the mass circulation Yomiuri newspaper showed on Tuesday that 63 percent wanted Japan to implement the plan to relocate the Futenma base as planned or with minor changes .
But 70 percent of Okinawa residents in a poll this month by the Mainichi newspaper said they wanted the base off the island .
Residents of Okinawa , 1,600 km ( 1,000 miles ) south of Tokyo , have long resented the bases which they associate with crime , noise pollution and accidents .
In the latest incident , U.S. forces detained a soldier who was driving a car that may have been involved in a suspected hit - and - run case in which a Japanese resident in a village on the island was killed over the weekend , NHK reported on Tuesday .
Hatoyama said that if the reports were true , then he wanted the soldier handed over to Japanese authorities soon .
“ Whenever accidents like this happen , I am driven to think that it is necessary to decrease the burden of the people in Okinawa , ” he told reporters .
Hatoyama has said he would not rush a decision on Futenma , adding Obama would be keen to discuss Japan ’s aid to Afghanistan .
Security in a Reputation Economy
In the past , our relationship with our computers was technical .
We cared what CPU they had and what software they ran .
We understood our networks and how they worked .
We were experts , or we depended on someone else for expertise .
And security was part of that expertise .
This is changing .
We access our email via the web , from any computer or from our phones .
We use Facebook , Google Docs , even our corporate networks , regardless of hardware or network .
We , especially the younger of us , no longer care about the technical details .
Computing is infrastructure ; it ’s a commodity .
It ’s less about products and more about services ; we simply expect it to work , like telephone service or electricity or a transportation network .
Infrastructures can be spread on a broad continuum , ranging from generic to highly specialized .
Power and water are generic ; who supplies them does n’t really matter .
Mobile phone services , credit cards , ISPs , and airlines are mostly generic .
More specialized infrastructure services are restaurant meals , haircuts , and social networking sites .
Highly specialized services include tax preparation for complex businesses ; management consulting , legal services , and medical services .
Sales for these services are driven by two things : price and trust .
The more generic the service is , the more price dominates .
The more specialized it is , the more trust dominates .
IT is something of a special case because so much of it is free .
So , for both specialized IT services where price is less important and for generic IT services — think Facebook — where there is no price , trust will grow in importance .
IT is becoming a reputation - based economy , and this has interesting ramifications for security .
Some years ago , the major credit card companies became concerned about the plethora of credit - card - number thefts from sellers ’ databases .
They worried that these might undermine the public ’s trust in credit cards as a secure payment system for the internet .
They knew the sellers would only protect these databases up to the level of the threat to the seller , and not to the greater level of threat to the industry as a whole .
So they banded together and produced a security standard called PCI .
It ’s wholly industry - enforced ­ by an industry that realized its reputation was more valuable than the sellers ’ databases .
A reputation - based economy means that infrastructure providers care more about security than their customers do .
I realized this 10 years ago with my own company .
We provided network - monitoring services to large corporations , and our internal network security was much more extensive than our customers ’ .
Our customers secured their networks — that ’s why they hired us , after all — but only up to the value of their networks .
If we mishandled any of our customers ’ data , we would have lost the trust of all of our customers .
I heard the same story at an ENISA conference in London last June , when an IT consultant explained that he had begun encrypting his laptop years before his customers did .
While his customers might decide that the risk of losing their data was n’t worth the hassle of dealing with encryption , he knew that if he lost data from one customer , he risked losing all of his customers .
As IT becomes more like infrastructure , more like a commodity , expect service providers to improve security to levels greater than their customers would have done themselves .
In IT , customers learn about company reputation from many sources : magazine articles , analyst reviews , recommendations from colleagues , awards , certifications , and so on .
Of course , this only works if customers have accurate information .
In a reputation economy , companies have a motivation to hide their security problems .
You ’ve all experienced a reputation economy : restaurants .
Some restaurants have a good reputation , and are filled with regulars .
When restaurants get a bad reputation , people stop coming and they close .
Tourist restaurants — whose main attraction is their location , and whose customers frequently do n’t know anything about their reputation — can thrive even if they are n’t any good .
And sometimes a restaurant can keep its reputation — an award in a magazine , a special occasion restaurant that “ everyone knows ” is the place to go — long after its food and service have declined .
The reputation economy is far from perfect .
This essay originally appeared in The Guardian .
Posted on November 12 , 2009 at 6:30 AM • 31 Comments
Throughout the world , racial , cultural , and ethnic differences are used to place people into different categories .
Once we categorize people in this way , we automatically assume that they have the essence of this category .
For example , in 1994 , Richard Herrnstein and Charles Murray wrote a book called The Bell Curve in which they documented racial differences in test scores .
An implicit assumption of this book was that it was meaningful to classify people by race and that these racial categories reflected something essential about the people who were categorized .
How do racial categories develop ?
This issue was addressed in a paper by Marjorie Rhodes and Susan Gelman in a 2009 paper in Cognitive Psychology .
They looked at two factors : age and cultural background .
The participants in their study were primarily White .
They came either from a mid-sized city that was politically liberal or from a rural area that was politically conservative .
The participants ranged in age from 5 - 18 .
The younger children played a game with a puppet .
They were told that the puppet came from another place where they do some things wrong , but they do other things differently from the way we do them , but they are not wrong .
After some practice with the game , children were shown an object or person and then were shown a second object or person and were told that the puppet thinks they are the same kind of thing and were asked whether they were right .
For example , they might be shown a wolf and a lion and were told that the puppet thought that they were the same kind of thing .
Over the course of the study , the puppet classified animals , and artifacts ( like cars , forks , and dresses ) .
The puppet also classified people based on and race .
The older kids did a similar task , but without the puppet .
The oldest kids in this task ( who were about 17 ) were asked these questions in a pencil - and - paper test .
So , what happened ?
For simplicity , I 'll just focus on the animal and racial categories .
For the animals , kids of all ages tended to say that the puppet was wrong when it put together animals of different categories .
That is , starting at age 5 and upward to age 17 , children felt that it was not correct to put different animals in the same category .
The data for race were much more complex .
As an example , the participant might see a White girl and then an Asian girl and be told that the puppet thought that they were both the same kind of person .
The youngest children ( 5- and 7 - year - olds ) showed no strong preference for saying that the puppet was right or wrong when putting together people of different races .
About half the time they said the puppet was right and half the time they said the puppet was wrong .
For the older children ( 10 - year - olds and 17 - year - olds ) , their answer depended on where they grew up .
The older children who grew up in the politically liberal area said that it was correct to classify people from different races .
Those who grew up in the politically conservative area said that it was incorrect to classify people from different races .
That is , older kids from liberal environments had no problem with a category that involved people from different races , while older kids from a conservative environment thought it was wrong to classify people from different races in the same category .
The first thing to notice about these data is that the belief that race is a possible basis for classifying people emerges late .
This observation is similar to what anthropologist Lawrence Hirschfeld has observed in his research .
The second thing to see is that beliefs about whether it is necessary to classify people based on their race depend on what other members of your culture suggest .
You are much more likely to think it is necessary to classify people based on race if you grow up in a politically conservative environment than if you grow up in a politically liberal environment .
The reason that this type of classification matters is that classifying people into a group brings along the belief that the members of that group share some essential characteristics .
Consistent with that , Rhodes and Gelman asked the 17 - year - olds to fill out scales about how strongly they believe that members of the same race share deep underlying characteristics not shared by other races .
Those kids who were most likely to think that it was necessary to classify people based on race were also the ones most likely to think that racial categories reflect something deeply similar about the members of that race .
For each of us , I think , it is worth reflecting on how likely we are to treat people differently because of the way we categorize them .
×
Reporting Nursing Home Abuse
Abuse of the elderly in long term care facilities such as nursing homes is a serious problem affecting thousands yearly .
From 1996 - 2000 , there were over 72,000 complaints of abuse or neglect in nursing homes nationwide according to the national service that logs these reports for the government .
Neglect generally means the failure to care for a person which results in pain or harmful after effects .
Abuse generally means that intentional pain or harm was caused and can be physical as well as sexual abuse .
The Nursing Home Reform
Act of 1987 was passed to ensure that residents in nursing homes did not decline in health as a result of the care they received .
Part of this act includes the right of a nursing home resident to complain of mistreatment .
This ensures that residents are protected , and that those committing these acts will be punished .
The right to complain also keeps a higher standard for nursing homes to keep across the nation .
According to the NCCHR , a not - for profit coalition that looks to protect long - term care resident ?s rights , the right to complain can mean a few different things .
It can mean that the resident has the right to complain directly to staff and administrators in the facility without fear of reprisal or backlash , and that these complaints will be taken seriously with efforts to resolve the problems .
It can also mean that the resident of the facility may complain to the ombudsman program .
Ombudsman programs exist at the state and federal level and are citizen representatives whose job it is to hear and address complaints .
The resident may also complain to the local or state agency which is in charge of licensing and certifying such facilities .
Many states also have adult protective services departments , which will take and investigate claims of abuse or neglect .
It is also important to note that a resident always has the option of calling the local police or state law enforcement .
A useful resource in determining who to report nursing home abuse to is the National Center on Elder Abuse , which part of the U.S. Administration on Aging .
Their website can be found at http://www.ncea.aoa.gov/.
If you or someone you know is a victim of abuse or neglect in a nursing home , it is important that you report the allegation to one of the agencies listed above immediately .
The longer the abuse goes unreported , the more the pain and suffering is likely to continue .
It is important to write everything down , to be specific about people , times , and places , and to keep a copy of the report .
When writing down the people involved , some things to think about are who the victim is ( including their age and address ) , the name of the nursing home , the people responsible for the residents care , as well the person who was allegedly responsible for the abuse or neglect .
When recording what happened , it is important to identify not only the type of abuse or neglect , but also the extent of the damage or harm done .
Times and dates are another detail to consider when making a report .
The key here is detail .
The more detailed a report , the quicker the problem can be addressed , and hopefully fixed .
After filing a report with one of the many agencies that can help , it is important to follow up on the report .
If you are not the victim , but a friend or family member , it is best to find out if the abuse or neglect is no longer happening .
Any reports that can be obtained showing what actions were taken against the facility or the nursing home should also be obtained for the victim ?s records .
Usually these types of reports can be found with whatever state board is in charge of licensing or certifying long - term care facilities .
Remember , the most important aspects of filing complaints are that any further harm can come to a stop , and the more detailed the report , the quicker action may be taken .
In cases involving nursing home abuse or neglect , both criminal and civil action may be sought .
The person committing the abuse or neglect will likely face criminal charges from the state , but the facilities owners and operators may also face civil penalties for that damage caused to the resident .
Source : National Center on Elder Abuse , Administration on Aging http://www.ncea.aoa.gov/
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
A year ago , the implosion of the global economy prompted a huge flight to quality .
Nobody wanted risky assets anymore .
All they wanted was nice , safe , United States Treasury bonds .
The economy has stabilized since then , and that means that investors with access to lots of cheap money are once again becoming eager to invest in risky assets .
Pimco ’s Paul McCulley suggests that this makes perfect sense as long as everyone is convinced that the Fed will hold interest rates at zero for a long time , but then he admits that it ’s all a bit of a paradox .
After all , the Fed will only hold down interest rates if the economy continues to suck , in which case rising asset prices are just a big bubble .
But if the economy recovers , thus justifying the high current prices of risky assets , then the Fed will raise interest rates and the whole thing will come crashing down .
It ’s a quandary .
In the end , though , he advises a bit half - heartedly that “ the time has come to begin paring exposure to risk assets , and if their prices continue to rise , paring at an accelerated pace . ”
And Nouriel Roubini ?
Well , Roubini does n’t do anything half - heartedly .
He says in no uncertain terms that we are completely and irrevocably fucked :
The US dollar has become the major funding currency of carry trades as the Fed has kept interest rates on hold and is expected to do so for a long time .
Investors who are shorting the US dollar to buy on a highly leveraged basis higher - yielding assets and other global assets are not just borrowing at zero interest rates in dollar terms ; they are borrowing at very negative interest rates — as low as negative 10 or 20 per cent annualised — as the fall in the US dollar leads to massive capital gains on short dollar positions .
…. Yet , at the same time , the perceived riskiness of individual asset classes is declining as volatility is diminished due to the Fed ’s policy of buying everything in sight … .
So the combined effect of the Fed policy of a zero Fed funds rate , quantitative easing and massive purchase of long - term debt instruments is seemingly making the world safe — for now — for the mother of all carry trades and mother of all highly leveraged global asset bubbles .
….
But one day this bubble will burst , leading to the biggest co-ordinated asset bust ever … .
A stampede will occur as closing long leveraged risky asset positions across all asset classes funded by dollar shorts triggers a co-ordinated collapse of all those risky assets — equities , commodities , emerging market asset classes and credit instruments .
…. This unraveling may not occur for a while , as easy money and excessive global liquidity can push asset prices higher for a while .
But the longer and bigger the carry trades and the larger the asset bubble , the bigger will be the ensuing asset bubble crash .
The Fed and other policymakers seem unaware of the monster bubble they are creating .
The longer they remain blind , the harder the markets will fall .
Now that ’s a cheery thought , is n’t it ?
Monstrous amounts of leverage are going to be employed bidding up assets of all kinds , and monstrous amounts of money are going to be made .
As usual , everyone will assume they ’ll be able to get out in time , and about 99 % of those people will be wrong .
Then : kaboom .
The yen carry trade took down Iceland and a few hedge funds , but the dollar carry trade is going to take us down .
Well , maybe , maybe not .
Roubini does seem to have some pretty sizable financial mood swings .
But I have to admit that the stock market sure looks overvalued to me too .
Corporate profits may be up for the moment , but belt tightening will only work for just so long .
Eventually revenues need to rise , and it ’s a little hard to see where that ’s going to come from in the short term .
But I ’m a pessimist .
Even in good times I ’m a pessimist .
So who cares what I think ?
From Conservapedia
Environmental vs. cognitive Origin
The idea that the circumstances one grows up in has more of an impact on their political outlook is not surprising .
It 's not easy to step outside one 's upbringing and begin to think independently of it , let alone in contrast to it .
The one key factor that was omitted is that there is often a strong social pressure to conform to the norms of one 's upbringing , so taking a stand on what you believe intellectually to be right can often mean giving up the support of friends and family who disagree .
Someone deciding to embrace a faith different from their parents would likely face harsh disapproval , for instance , even when the change is toward the conservative .
Sometimes these norms are purely political - Sarah Palin railed against socialism and the redistribution of wealth by government , but each year the Alaska Permanent Fund sends checks for thousands of dollars to each citizen regardless of age or their ability / desire to work .
The state then solicits Federal funds for infrastructure and other improvements , in effect having the government take tax money from residents of other states and redistributing it to Alaska even as a surplus of local funds is given to people who 've done nothing to earn it .
This is the epitome of the kind of state - run socialist redistribution of wealth that she campaigned against , but because this was the social and political norm of the culture she grew up in , she was able to reconcile it with her conservative outlook .
I think this is the start of an interesting article , but as with the Palin example above the disconnect between one 's environmental upbringing / context and their cognitive reasoning can be strong .
-- DinsdaleP 10:54 , 12 December 2008 ( EST )
Excellent analysis .
I 'm glad you keep coming back ! :-)
-- Ed Poor Talk 11:05 , 12 December 2008 ( EST )
Sourced quote vs opening statement
I can't access the source here , so maybe there 's something else there that changes this , but ... how does the quote lead to the statement that liberal reasoning is irrational and biased ?
I could understand if you said political reasoning in general is irrational and biased , but nothing in the quote favors a specific view .
Mikek 14:36 , 12 December 2008 ( EST )
Headlines in the satirical weekly newspaper The Onion tend to function both as punch line and setup , in that order .
They are the heart of the paper , and not only the first thing anybody reads , but also , unlike headlines in real newspapers all over the world , the first things to be written .
The staff devotes the first two days of every week to composing headlines , then assigns the articles that will run beneath them and provide a body of supporting jokes .
It ’s immediately apparent just flipping through “ Our Front Pages : 21 Years of Greatness , Virtue , and Moral Rectitude From America ’s Finest News Source , ” the new , platter - size hardcover collection , appropriately enough , of front pages from The Onion , that the art of the fake headline has evolved .
Early - era front - page type in the paper , founded in 1988 in Madison , Wis. , had the clownish tone of a college - town humor rag : “ Depressed ?
Try Liposuction on that Pesky Head . ”
“ You can see it took a little while before the paper was keyed in on the USA Today model , ” said Joe Randazzo , the current editor of The Onion .
( From 1998 : “ Inside : America Rates The Skin Colors .
See Society , page 1D . ” )
The paper relocated to New York in 2001 , and that year , prompted partly by 9/11 , the headlines took on what Mr. Randazzo called “ more of a New York Times - Washington Post kind of tone  sober , important . ”
“ We wait to chime in on a news event until after the news has chimed in , ” he said .
“ The Onion ’s charter is to be the last word , the newspaper of record .
That ’s a total conceit , of course , but we take it seriously , in the sense that we want to be the joke that ’s making a joke about all the other jokes . ”
The election in Afghanistan has turned into a disaster for all who promoted it .
Hamid Karzai has been declared re-elected as President of the country for the next five years though his allies inside and outside Afghanistan know that he owes his success to open fraud .
Instead of increasing his government 's legitimacy , the poll has further de-legitimised it .
From Mr Karzai's point of view he won through at the end and showed that nobody is strong enough to get rid of him .
For the US President , Barack Obama , the election has no silver lining .
It has left him poised to send tens of thousands more US troops to fight a war in defence of one of the world 's most crooked , corrupt and discredited governments .
" It is not that the Taliban is so strong , but the government is so weak , " was a common saying among Afghans before the election .
This will be even truer in future .
The US and its allies may now push for a national unity government between Mr Karzai and Abdullah Abdullah , his main rival for the presidency .
This might look good on paper , or at least better than the alternative of Mr Karzai ruling alone .
But enforced unity between men who detest each other will institutionalise divisions .
Its value will largely be in terms of propaganda for external consumption .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
On 4 November 2008 , when Mr Obama won the US election , he must have believed he had been right to take a soft line on Iraq and a hard one on Afghanistan .
The former looked much the more dangerous place .
Just 12 months later he is discovering that the reverse is true and Afghanistan is the biggest foreign policy problem facing the US .
It is a more dangerous place for the US and its allies than Iraq ever was .
In Iraq , unlike Afghanistan , the government was democratically elected by a huge majority in 2005 .
There was a savage civil war because the fifth of the population , who are Sunni Arabs , did not accept that victory .
The Shia did not relish US occupation , but they were prepared to co-operate with it while they took power .
Only the Kurds were long - term US allies .
In Iraq the state was previously strong and can be made strong again .
Above all the Iraqi government had money .
Its oil revenues were $ 62bn ( £ 38 bn ) last year .
The Afghan government has in the past had limited authority outside the cities and it has no money apart from foreign aid handouts .
Another important difference between the two countries is geography .
Iraq is flat outside Kurdistan and the great majority live in cities and towns on the Tigris and Euphrates .
It is not good terrain for guerrilla fighters in contrast to Afghanistan with its high mountains , broken hills and isolated villages .
The Taliban have been able to use safe havens in the Pashtun belt of north - west Pakistan .
These areas are now under attack from US drones and the Pakistani army .
But the suicide bombers who killed 35 people in Rawalpindi and maimed at least seven in Lahore yesterday showed that the cost to Pakistan of attacking an insurgency firmly rooted in its Pashtun community will be high .
One of the few benefits of the Afghan election might be a more realistic understanding in the US and Europe – particularly in Britain – of the mechanics of Afghan politics .
These were eloquently summarised in his resignation letter to the US State Department by Matthew Hoh , the senior American civilian representative in Zabul province .
He was previously a US Marine officer in Iraq .
Mr
Hoh makes the important point that the US has joined one side in what is effectively a 35 - year - long civil war in Afghanistan .
He sees this as being between the urban , educated , secular , modern Afghanistan against the rural , religious , illiterate and traditional Pashtun .
" The US and Nato presence and operations in Pashtun valleys and villages , as well as Afghan army and police units that are led and composed of non-Pashtun soldiers and police , provide an occupation force against which the insurgency is justified , " concludes Mr Hoh .
" I have observed that the bulk of the insurgency fights not for the white banner of the Taliban , but rather against the presence of foreign soldiers and taxes imposed by an unrepresentative government in Kabul . "
Mr Hoh 's observations are confirmed by opinion polls in Afghanistan .
The majority of Afghans do not want more foreign troops .
They think their arrival will mean more dead Afghans .
The areas where the Taliban is most acceptable is where US and allied planes and artillery have killed civilians .
The idea that the US Army is going to turn into a glorified Peace Corps is romantic and unrealistic .
Washington and London should really wonder after Afghanistan 's farcical election if their political and military investment in the country is worth it .
Their policy of propping up and strengthening the central government looks more ludicrous than before .
There is something sickening when British troops had their legs blown off securing polling stations where Afghans could vote , when the British - supported government in Kabul was busily fabricating the vote so the presence or absence of polling booths was entirely irrelevant .
The US and Britain have joined somebody else 's civil war .
It is not one that the Taliban are likely to win , because they rely on the Pashtun community which makes up only 42 per cent of the population .
By the same token they are not likely to lose either .
American troop reinforcements would give the anti-Taliban forces control over more of the country but would also intensify the war .
The context of greater US involvement will be , thanks to the election , a weaker Karzai government so Americans , not Afghans , will take the vital political and military decisions .
To Afghans this means the foreign presence will look even more like an imperial occupation .
A team of biologists in California led by researchers at The Scripps Research Institute and the University of California ( UC ) , San Diego has solved the structure of a critical molecule that helps plants survive during droughts .
Understanding the inner workings of this molecule may help scientists design new ways to protect crops against prolonged dry periods , potentially improving crop yields worldwide , aiding biofuels production on marginal lands and mitigating drought 's human and economic costs .
The findings were described in the journal Science Express , an advance online issue of the journal Science , on October 22 , 2009 .
" This molecular structure helps explain the mechanism behind drought tolerance in plants , " said Elizabeth Getzoff , a Scripps Research scientist who led the team from Scripps Research , UC San Diego , Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory , and UC Riverside .
" We 're very excited by the findings . "
According to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) , major droughts in the last three years alone have collectively caused more than ten billion dollars in losses to crops and other damages in the United States .
The problem is particularly pronounced in western farm areas such as those in California , which is now three years into a severe drought .
The newly solved structure shows a three - dimensional representation of a critical plant hormone called abscisic acid , attached to its " target " protein called PYR1 .
Abscisic acid is key to many plant processes , including to survival tactics in challenging environmental conditions .
" In revealing how a plant hormone functions under stressful conditions , this work provides important clues about how hormones might regulate crucial physiological responses in humans , " said Jean Chin , a program director with the National Institutes of Health 's National Institute of General Medical Sciences .
advertisement
A Mysterious Hormone
When drought - tolerant plants detect dry conditions , they synthesize abscisic acid , which causes changes from root tips to leaves and flowers .
Plants under the influence of this hormone begin to conserve water .
Their seeds lie dormant in the ground .
Their leaves close microscopic pores to stop water loss .
They slow their own growth , and they signal numerous genetic changes , reprogramming themselves to accomplish their single most pressing goal -- survival .
" Abscisic acid triggers an array of plant drought - tolerance mechanisms , " said co-investigator Julian Schroeder of UC San Diego .
The hormone abscisic acid was discovered in the early 1960s , and plant biologists have known for decades that it plays this crucial role in keeping plants alive during drought .
Despite this fact , says Getzoff , who is a professor in the Department of Molecular Biology and The Skaggs Institute for Chemical Biology at Scripps Research , nobody has understood how the hormone functions .
" That has been pretty mysterious , " Getzoff says , " yet solving this mystery is key to controlling drought responses to protect plants . "
Earlier this year , however , the picture of how abscisic acid works became clearer when two separate groups of scientists discovered a cluster of genes associated with the hormone .
Simultaneous mutations in four of these related genes led to a greatly impaired abscisic acid response and reduced drought resistance .
Scientists suspected it was because the genes produced proteins that are normally targets of the hormone -- an association that the mutations disrupted .
One of the groups was a team of researchers led by Sean Cutler of UC Riverside , whose initial work on the protein PYR1 led to the current study .
advertisement
" This early research with Sean led to important new questions , " said Schroeder , who together with Getzoff initiated the current study .
" We wanted to know if abscisic acid bound specifically to the PYR1 protein as a hormone receptor or whether it acted like a glue between PYR1 and partner proteins . "
Structure Revealed
Collaborating closely with Schroeder and his lab , Getzoff and her group decided to try to figure out exactly how PYR1 was involved in drought resistance by looking at PYR1 and abscisic acid molecules on the micro-and nano - scales .
" Team researchers Noriyuki Nishimura of UC San Diego , Kenichi Hitomi , Andrew Arvai , and Chiharu Hitomi of Scripps Research , and Robert Rambo of Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory used a multi-disciplinary attack to overcome challenges in characterizing the abscisic acid sensor and to decipher its mechanism , " said Getzoff .
First , Getzoff 's lab enlisted the use of a technique called x-ray crystallography .
X - ray crystallography is a method that can determine three - dimensional positions for the individual atoms of a protein 's structure .
To make the technique work , scientists manipulate a protein or some other molecule so that a crystal forms , which is often extremely difficult .
If the scientists are successful in making a crystal , it is then placed in front of a beam of x-rays , which diffract when they strike the crystal 's atoms .
Based on the pattern of diffraction , scientists can reconstruct the shape of the original molecule .
In this case , the team tried to make crystals of PYR1 bound to abscisic acid .
They succeeded and were able to solve and analyze the structure .
In addition , Schroeder 's lab studied the association of these molecules inside living plant cells .
And Rambo did complementary structural studies with x-rays to look at how the binding of hormone to PYR1 caused the protein to change shape in solution .
The research showed that two copies of PYR1 fit snugly together in plant cells .
There , they are targeted by abscisic acid .
Each copy of the PYR1 molecule has an internal open space like the inside of a tin can , and when a hormone molecule comes along , it fits neatly into one of the two spaces .
This induces part of the PYR1 protein that the team calls the " lid " to close .
Further structural changes to other parts of the PYR1 molecule initiate interactions with other proteins thus triggering plant processes for resisting drought .
Tantalizing Possibilities
The structure may reveal new ways of improving drought tolerance in plants , notes Getzoff .
Such improvements would be a boon for agriculture , which is the single largest use for water in most of the world , consuming up to 90 percent of available water in some of the hottest and most arid parts of the world , which are often prone to drought .
One possible way to translate this research to agricultural products , says Getzoff , would be to design chemicals to mimic the action of abscisic acid .
Such chemicals would then be sprayed on crops to protect them in the face of looming drought .
The hormone itself would not work for this purpose because industrial - scale production of abscisic acid would be very expensive and sunlight can convert it into an inactive form .
Getzoff cautions , however , it would likely take years before such substances were ready for widespread commercial use .
Schroeder adds that understanding the structure of the abscisic acid binding site could conceivably help in redesigning the receptor itself to be bound and activated by known cheap and environmentally safe chemicals .
That could be a future boon to agriculture .
This work was supported by the National Institutes of Health , the National Science Foundation , the Department of Energy , and The Skaggs Institute for Chemical Biology .
TI - 83 Plus OS Signing Key Cracked
Posted by Michael on 31 July 2009 , 15:33 GMT
The ever - mysterious Benjamin Moody posted a cryptic message on the United - TI forum yesterday .
In it , he listed the factorization of the 512 - bit RSA modulus used by TI 's OS signing key for the 83 + ( the " 0004 key " ) .
No other details are yet available about how he achieved this feat of substantial brute forcing power .
In the event of United - TI downtime , Brandon Wilson has put a copy of Benjamin 's values on his personal website .
With this achievement , any operating system can be cryptographically signed in a manner identical to that of the original TI - OS .
Third party operating systems can thus be loaded on any 83 + calculators without the use of any extra software ( that was mentioned in recent news )
Complete programming freedom has finally been achieved on the TI - 83 Plus !
Update : Benjamin has posted additional details on the United - TI forum thread .
Update : A distributed computing project has been set up .
Information about how to join the effort to crack the OS keys for the remaining TI models can be found here .
Nov. 5 , 2009  --
Twelve people have been killed and 30 wounded in a shooting spree at a Texas military post in a murderous rampage that officials believe was carried out by an Army psychiatrist who was about to be deployed to Iraq .
The suspected gunman was identified by ABC News as Major Nidal Malik Hasan .
An Army official confirmed that Maj .
Hasan would have been deployed to Iraq later this month .
Sources tell ABC
News that this would have been his first deployment .
The shooter was initially reported to have been killed , but Lt. Gen. Robert W. Cone told a late night news conference that the suspect was wounded and in custody .
Cone would not say what Hasan 's medical condition was , but said the suspect was not in danger of dying .
Hasan is not talking to authorities , said Cone .
Two other soldiers were taken into custody , but were later released .
Hasan 's cousin , Nader Hasan , issued a statement late Thursday .
" We are shocked and saddened by the terrible events at Fort Hood today .
We send the families of the victims our most heartfelt sympathies , " the statement read .
" Nidal was an American citizen .
He was Born in Arlington , Virginia and raised here in America ...
Our family loves America .
We are proud of our country , and saddened by today 's tragedy . "
Hasan allegedly opened fire and killed 12 people on the post before he was shot several times .
Among the wounded was a female police officer who exchanged gunfire with Hasan .
Cone called the attack " a terrible tragedy , stunning . "
He said the community was " absolutely devastated . "
" target = " _blank " >
President Obama called the Fort Hood shootings a " horrific outburst of violence . "
" It is difficult enough to lose soldiers overseas , but it is horrifying that they should lose their lives at an Army base in the U.S. , " he said .
" My prayers are with the wounded and the families of the fallen , " said the president .
The Senate and the House of Representatives held a moment of silence this evening for the victims of the Fort Hood massacre , and Texas Gov. Rick Perry ordered flags be flown at half mast until Sunday .
Cone said the motive for the attack , which took place just after 1:30 p.m. CT , is unclear .
While he said he could not rule out the incident as an act of terrorism , evidence does not support that theory .
Hasan 's cousin Nader Hasan said that he believed it was his upcoming deployment combined with the wartime horror stories he heard from his patients that set him off .
Hasan had reportedly recently hired an attorney to help him get out of the military .
According to the suspect 's cousin , Hasan was also harassed after 9/11 because of his ethnicity , and was called a " camel jockey . "
According to sources , Hasan , who is either 39 or 40 , attended the Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences in Bethesda , MD .
He graduated in 2003 with a degree in Osteopathy and later finished his residency as a psychiatrist .
In 2009 , Hasan completed a fellowship in Disaster and Preventive Psychiatry at the Center for Traumatic Stress .
He was promoted to major status in May , according to the Army Times .
According to the Associated Press , Retired Army Col .
Terry Lee told Fox News that Hasan had expressed hope that President Obama would pull troops out of Afghanistan and Iraq and often argued with others who supported the wars .
Fort Hood , located just 60 miles north from Austin , is the largest U.S. military installation in the world , and has suffered the greatest number of casualities of all American bases in the war on Iraq .
The base is a 340 sq. mile facility located in Killeen , Texas and is home to the 1st Cavalry Division , which was one of the first groups of soldiers deployed to Iraq .
Cone said that a gunman entered a facility known as the Soldier Readiness Facility , where soldiers who are preparing to deploy go for last minute medical check ups and dental treatment .
Sources told ABC
News that the soldiers gathered there were getting ready to deploy to Iraq .
Thursday is a day that brings many different military units to the facility to make up miss appointments , said Cone , which explains why the victims were part of different branches .
" This could have been much worse , as horrible as this was , it could have been much worse , " said Cone .
Cone praised the soldiers ' quick response and knowledge of first aid techniques in saving so many lives .
The gunman used two handguns , Cone said .
He was n't sure if the shooter reloaded the weapons during the attack .
Cone said he did not believe the guns used were military weapons .
" As a matter of practice , we do n't carry weapons here , this is our home , " said Cone .
Fort Hood Went on Lockdown After 12 Shot Dead
Schools on the base were also placed on lockdown .
A message on Fort Hood 's public affairs office Web site read , " Organizations / units are instructed to execute a 100 percent accountability of all personnel .
This is not a Drill .
It is an Emergency Situation . "
According to a source on the base , it is rare for firearms to be on the base because they are locked up .
Homeland Security said it is still gathering information and that the " Army is taking the lead " as of now .
FBI agents from Waco and Austin , Texas , are being deployed to the scene .
An army spokesman said that unit commanders have been instructed to account for all of their personnel .
" The immediate concern is to make sure that all of our soldiers and family members are safe and that 's what commanders have been instructed to do , " said Jay Adams of First Army , Division West , located at Fort Hood .
Cone emphasized the post 's plans to amp up security in the coming days .
The CounterTerrorist Unit said they have " no word " yet on whether this incident was terrorism - related .
At least six victims are being treated at the Metroplex Hospital five miles away .
Area hospitals are all requesting blood donations to treat victims .
According to icasulaties.org , 483 soldier deaths from Fort Hood since war started .
Fort Hood has suffered more deaths in Iraq than any other US home base .
The base is a 340 sq. mile facility located in Killeen , Texas and is home to the 1st Cavalry Division , which was one of the first groups of soldiers deployed to Iraq .
Cone said that a gunman entered a facility known as the Soldier Readiness Facility , where soldiers who are preparing to deploy go for last minute medical check ups and dental treatment .
Sources told ABC
News that the soldiers gathered there were getting ready to deploy to Iraq .
Thursday is a day that brings many different military units to the facility to make up miss appointments , said Cone , which explains why the victims were part of different branches .
" This could have been much worse , as horrible as this was , it could have been much worse , " said Cone .
Cone praised the soldiers ' quick response and knowledge of first aid techniques in saving so many lives .
The gunman used two handguns , Cone said .
He was n't sure if the shooter reloaded the weapons during the attack .
Cone said he did not believe the guns used were military weapons .
" As a matter of practice , we do n't carry weapons here , this is our home , " said Cone .
Fort Hood Went on Lockdown After 12 Shot Dead
Schools on the base were also placed on lockdown .
A message on Fort Hood 's public affairs office Web site read , " Organizations / units are instructed to execute a 100 percent accountability of all personnel .
This is not a Drill .
It is an Emergency Situation . "
According to a source on the base , it is rare for firearms to be on the base because they are locked up .
Homeland Security said it is still gathering information and that the " Army is taking the lead " as of now .
FBI agents from Waco and Austin , Texas , are being deployed to the scene .
An army spokesman said that unit commanders have been instructed to account for all of their personnel .
" The immediate concern is to make sure that all of our soldiers and family members are safe and that 's what commanders have been instructed to do , " said Jay Adams of First Army , Division West , located at Fort Hood .
Cone emphasized the post 's plans to amp up security in the coming days .
The CounterTerrorist Unit said they have " no word " yet on whether this incident was terrorism - related .
At least six victims are being treated at the Metroplex Hospital five miles away .
Area hospitals are all requesting blood donations to treat victims .
According to icasulaties.org , 483 soldier deaths from Fort Hood since war started .
Fort Hood has suffered more deaths in Iraq than any other US home base .
Cone emphasized the post 's plans to amp up security in the coming days .
The CounterTerrorist Unit said they have " no word " yet on whether this incident was terrorism - related .
At least six victims are being treated at the Metroplex Hospital five miles away .
Area hospitals are all requesting blood donations to treat victims .
According to icasulaties.org , 483 soldier deaths from Fort Hood since war started .
Fort Hood has suffered more deaths in Iraq than any other US home base .
Report : White House considering NASA budget increase
The Augustine committee ’s final report is now expected out next week ( something the committee confirmed in a Twitter posting Friday morning ) but a draft version of that report is already at NASA and the White House , Space News reported .
The article , citing “ sources both within the administration and close to it ” , states that the administration is considering proposing a budget increase along the lines of what the Augustine committee considers necessary to enable human exploration beyond LEO : a gradual increase that leads to the $ 3 - billion increase by 2014 widely reported .
That ’s different from efforts in Congress to give NASA an immediate , but one - time , $ 3 - billion increase by taking money from unspent stimulus funds .
As for what option the agency and White House are considering , the Space News article indicates that the so - called “ flexible path ” option , which defers lunar landings for lunar flybys , NEO missions , and other destinations , is “ an attractive option ” within the space agency .
The White House , an unnamed administration official states , considered a human return to the Moon “ not sellable to the public or to the president ” .
A petition against the bill has 11,000 signatures The Digital Economy bill has sparked a wave of protest among consumers and rights groups .
Soon after the bill began its journey through Parliament on 19 November , many expressed worries about parts of it .
The bill suggests the use of technical measures to tackle illegal file - sharing that could involve suspending the accounts of persistent pirates .
Critics fear this and other powers the bill reserves could damage the UK 's growing digital economy .
The Digital Economy Bill is the end result of the consultation and research that went into the creation of the Digital Britain report that was published in June 2009 .
As well as trying to tackle illegal file - sharing , the wide - ranging legislation also proposes a shake - up of the radio spectrum and a classification system for video games .
Left out is the proposal for a broadband tax to fund next - generation broadband that will be handled in the Finance Bill due in early 2010 .
The proposals on file - sharing have garnered most criticism .
One of the first responses was the creation of a petition on the Number10.gov.uk website .
Set up by Andrew Heaney , TalkTalk 's head of strategy and development , it calls for the abolition of the proposal to disconnect illegal filesharers .
By 24 November , the petition had gathered more than 16,000 signatures .
The number of signatures got a boost from Stephen Fry who used micro-blogging site Twitter to direct people to it .
Mr Fry wrote : " Dear Mandy , splendid fellow in many ways , but he is SO WRONG about copyright .
Please sign and RT { retweet ] " .
Jim Killock , executive director of the Open Rights Group , which campaigns on digital issues , said : " It 's quite a shocking bill .
We 're extremely worried about it . "
Mr Killock said Section 17 of the Bill was worrying because it gave the Secretary of State " reserve powers " to draft fresh laws to tackle net - based copyright infringement without needing parliamentary approval .
" It could destabilise business and destabilise innovation , " said Mr Killock .
" It means entirely trusting to bureaucrats and politicians to get it right . "
Mr Killock said membership of the Open Rights Group had jumped by 20 % in the run-up to the publication of the Bill .
He said protests were being co-ordinated in many places such as Facebook and other social media sites .
He predicted that the protests would soon lead to some form of civil unrest , be that lobbying , a protest march or public meetings .
DIGITAL ECONOMY BILL Legal framework for tackling copyright infringement via education and technical measure Oftcom given powers to appoint and fund independently funded news consortia New duties for Ofcom to assess the UK 's communications infrastructure every two years Modernising spectrum to increase investment in mobile broadband Framework for the move to digital radio switchover by 2015 Updating Channel 4 functions to encompass public service content , on TV and online Age ratings compulsory for all boxed video games for those over 12 years US digital rights group The Electronic Frontier Foundation declared that giving the Secretary of State such powers amounted to the creation of a " pirate finder general " that could enact " draconian " copyright enforcement controls .
The Bill envisages that any proposed change to copyright law should be opened up to public comment before it is made .
In a bid to defuse some of the criticisms , the Department for Business , Innovation and Skills created a webpage entitled : " Filesharing : some accusations and some answers " .
It pointed out that some of the criticisms levelled at the Bill were unfounded .
It said it had not been drafted at the behest of the music industries .
It added that " technical measures " to slow down or suspend net connections would not be imposed without those accused going through a tribunal system that assesses their case .
The Internet Service Providers Association ( ISPA ) also issued a statement saying that it " strongly opposes " the measures introduced to tackle file - sharing .
It said : " Rather than focusing blindly on enforcement , the government should be asking rights holders to reform the licensing framework so that legal content can be distributed online to consumers in a way that they are clearly demanding . "
Law firm Eversheds said the copyright plans seemed " hurriedly put together and not clearly thought - through " and warned that they could have " unforeseen effects . "
It added : " Critics ... may have taken some comfort from the fact that the proposals have yet to wend their way through an already congested legislative timetable before the next election , meaning it is questionable whether they will ever become law . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
No more cookies and milk for these kids !
Appearance - obsessed parents in the Big Apple are hiring personal trainers for their preteens , shelling out $ 95 an hour to whip their little dumplings — some as young as 5 — into shape .
Jennifer Dimuro of TriBeCa hired a personal trainer to hit the gym with her 8 - year - old son , Julian , after he packed on some pounds on a family vacation .
“ We spent the whole summer traveling through France and Italy and eating , and I could see he was putting on a little weight , ” she said .
“ Julian ’s idea of recreation is a food tour in the West Village . ”
So Julian meets with his trainer , Mitch Baseman , weekly for an hourlong routine of stretching , jogging , resistance training with a rubber band and doing squats followed by step-ups and hip raises .
Without the fitness sessions , Dimuro said , her son would have scant time to work off his baby fat .
The family ’s so busy , she said , they ca n’t find time to teach Julian to ride a bicycle .
Like most city kids , Julian ’s days are jam - packed with extracurricular activities .
And most of them —
Spanish class , piano class , art class — do n’t involve exercise .
“ City kids do not have time to be active , ” said Elle Shindler , an Upper East Side mother of two who started a kiddie personal - training business after realizing her own girls hardly ever broke a sweat .
“ After fifth grade , homework is all consuming , ” she said .
Shindler ’s Kid Fitness business caters to parents who want to keep their offspring lean .
Since opening three years ago , demand has skyrocketed , she said .
She now has a staff of seven trainers who take care of kids either one - on - one or in group classes .
One of Shindler ’s perky trainers , Alison Gritz , 24 , disguises her workouts as hip - hop classes and dishes out compliments to coax her pint - size , sometimes - cranky clients into performing .
“ Straighten that back leg , Annabelle .
Your other right arm , Libby .
Beautiful , ladies , ” she said during a session for three 8 - year - olds in a Manhattan apartment .
Personal trainers need to keep the sessions fun , said nutritionist and pediatric specialist Jenner Medina , or they risk putting too much pressure on the kids .
“ Regarding the children I work with , many of the parents say their girls , in particular , start complaining about their bellies as young as 5 , ” Medina said .
Family psychologist John Rosemond , an expert on parenting , blasted the fad , calling it the latest in “ trophy parenting . ”
“ The way to deal with chubbiness is to feed a kid properly and let them have some fun outside — not micromanage every inch of their lives , ” Rosemond said .
“ They ’re trying to raise trophy children — children they can brag about at cocktail parties . ”
jessica.simeone@nypost.com
A FEMALE driver who killed two motorists at the same intersection seven years apart has been criticised as incompetent by a coroner .
Mother of two Michelle
Thiele caused the two fatal crashes by failing to look to her left when entering the intersection , South Australia 's deputy coroner has found .
Thiele told deputy coroner Anthony Schapel she believed she was a competent driver despite causing the fatal crashes at a T - junction at Pompoota near Mannum , about 80 km east of Adelaide .
" Both men died in collisions at the same location in almost identical circumstances and at the hands of the same motorist , " Mr Schapel said in his coronial findings delivered today .
" They both died when that same motorist failed to give way to each of them at the same intersection . "
In April 2000 , Thiele caused a collision that killed 69 - year - old car driver John Mitchell .
In June 2007 , at the same intersection , Thiele 's ute struck and killed 51 - year - old motorcyclist Graham Bryant .
Having regard to Mrs Thiele 's driving behaviour in both of these incidents ...
I am driven to conclude that Mrs Thiele is a motorist of quite limited aptitude , competence and temperament , " Mr Schapel said .
" She now has a driving record that by any standard is manifestly unacceptable . "
Mr Schapel said the 2000 fatality was caused by Thiele 's " failure to give way to the vehicle driven by Mr Mitchell " .
He questioned how Thiele failed to see Mr Mitchell 's yellow vehicle on a sunny day .
" If she had chosen to look , she would have easily seen it , " Mr Schapel said .
Seven years later ,
Thiele again failed to look left when entering the intersection and struck a motorcycle driven by Mr Bryant .
The motorcycle collided with a side door of Thiele 's ute , throwing Mr Bryant from the bike and killing him .
" It is highly unlikely in my view that she looked to her left at any time as she was approaching the intersection , " Mr Schapel said .
" If she had ... there was no reason why she should not have seen Mr Bryant 's motorcycle . "
Thiele was fined $ 426 for failing to give way after the initial fatal accident .
After the second collision , she was found guilty of driving without due care and sentenced to eight months in jail , suspended after a one - month non-parole period .
Her driver 's licence was disqualified for 18 months .
On appeal to the Supreme Court , Thiele 's jail sentence was wholly suspended .
" To my knowledge there is no legal impediment to Mrs Thiele continuing to drive a motor vehicle once the period of disqualification has concluded , " Mr Schapel said .
Originally published as Woman in two fatal crashes ' incompetent '
In World Energy Outlook 2009 , the International Energy Agency seems to have dropped a bombshell that has been quietly ( and politely ) ignored .
In their main ' reference scenario ' , the IEA forecasts that OECD demand has already peaked - it never recovers the levels seen before the oil price spikes and financial crisis unfolded .
In recent editions of their World Energy Outlook , the IEA has been reducing their forecast for 2030 total oil supply .
But forecasting a decline in OECD consumption is a radical shift .
Here at The Oil Drum we see peak oil occuring well before 2030 , with production at that point significantly lower than it is now .
However , even the IEA 's forecast of 105 mb/d allows for only anaemic growth for total supply of 1 % per year .
Since they still see strong demand growth from China and other developing nations , OECD takes the hit :
Oil demand is projected to grow by 1 % per year on average , from 85 million barrels per day in 2008 to 105 mb/d in 2030 .
All the growth comes from non-OECD countries ; OECD demand falls .
Unfortunately the IEA does not present this oil situation in a figure , however the one below for total primary energy demand gives us a good impression .
China , India and the rest of the non-OECD world keep growing their consumption ( IEA forecast , not mine ! ) , while OECD is all but flatlining .
For oil , the situation is worse .
OECD share of available oil is constrained so much that it declines .
The details for primary oil demand alone are in Table 1.3 .
The peak for OECD demand was in the period 2000 - 2008 and declines by 0.3 % per year to 2030 .
Let me repeat that ..
* THE IEA * says that OECD oil consumption is in decline , permanently .
It 's also significant that in their report they say Non-OPEC oil supply declines from 2010 .
So all those arguments about technology , increasing recovery , a new Middle East in the Arctic .. all amount to nothing at least in the entire Non-OPEC part of the world where all those clever western oil companies do their business .
All the peak oil analysis that you 've read here still suggests that the IEA 's forecast is too optimistic , for both OPEC and Non-OPEC parts of the world .
And the IEA whistleblower also claims that their forecasts are inflated .
But a peak is still a peak , and the IEA now says that OECD oil demand is in decline and will not recover the levels prior to the financial crisis .
This seems to me like a dramatic statement for the IEA to make .
This official forecast from the agency representing OECD nations , now conflicts with just about every one of its individual member 's own forecasts ( and that of just about every private enterprise ) .
To convince decision makers of the inevitable oil decline facing us , we no longer need to refer to the online analysis by peak oil bloggers .
You can simply tell your president , chief , boss and your neighbour :
The IEA says our oil consumption is going down , what are you going to do about it ?
As a footnote , it appears that the IEA is in good company with their updated forecast .
Stuart Staniford , now writing at Early Warning , has been exploring recent trends in oil consumption .
He also finds that the strong developing economies and the oil exporting nations have a firm balance of trade basis on which to continue increasing their own oil consumption , albeit it at perhaps lower than recent rates , even as high prices and / or hard times hurt elsewhere .
Even without a peak in oil supply , Stuart shows that OECD nations will start taking a big hit in oil consumption over the next few years .
Any ' real ' economic recovery ( yet to be sighted ) is going to hit a brick wall very quickly if we stick to the old ways of using and abusing oil .
Description : Katya loves nothing more than to go out into nature and spend the day in the nude .
And we love nothing more than to bring those photos to you !
Views : 92780 Date : 11/03/09 Favorited : 18
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A power blackout in Brazil left tens of millions of people sitting by candlelight , after plunging its two largest cities into darkness .
Underground railways , traffic lights , street lamps , lifts and electric gates in Sao Paulo and Rio de Janeiro were all affected .
It was several hours before the problem could be fixed .
The authorities believe it could have been caused by a fault at the giant Itaipu hydro- electric dam .
AT THE SCENE Gary Duffy , Sao Paulo Walking around on the streets near my home , there was absolute chaos , with drivers pulling over to the side of the road and asking what had happened , and did anyone know what was wrong .
The traffic lights were out of order , traffic wardens were trying to maintain the flow of traffic , radio stations were appealing to people to drive carefully .
There was chaos in the metro system as well , some reports that people had to walk along the tracks because trains had come to a halt , that bus drivers were being called in to provide an emergency service .
The night the lights went out The underground railway systems in Rio de Janeiro and Sao Paulo shut down when the power cuts hit soon after 2200 ( 0000 GMT ) , leaving many passengers stranded .
Thousands of rail passengers had to walk down underground tracks to reach stations .
No traffic lights or street lights were working , causing traffic to stop or slow to a crawl .
Extra police were put on the streets to prevent a surge in crime .
Electricity supplies in Paraguay , which shares power from Itaipu , were also disrupted for a short while .
The power system lost 17,000 megawatts after the massive plant went offline , possibly because of a storm .
The director of the dam said it had lost its entire hydro- electric output .
The BBC 's correspondent in Sao Paulo , Gary Duffy , says the power cut happened at a time when millions would have been watching the country 's popular soap opera on TV .
He adds that neighbourhood blackouts are common in the city of 19 million , but the scale of this power cut was remarkable .
Major dam
The issue of power supplies is politically sensitive in Brazil following severe shortages several years ago which caused blackouts in large parts of the country .
The government will be keen to establish that this blackout , which disrupted the lives of millions of Brazilians , was not caused by any failure on its part , our correspondent says .
The latest power failure also affected the south - eastern states of Minas Gerais and Espirito Santo , the south - western state of Mato Grosso do Sul , parts of the central state of Goias , and the federal district of Brasilia , although the capital itself was unaffected .
Luckily I got out of the lift about a minute before everything shut down ... [ and ] at least we managed to have a romantic candlelight supper .
Patrick Schurt , Sao Paulo
Brazil blackout : Readers ' stories
In all , nine of Brazil 's 27 states were affected .
The Itaipu dam provides Brazil with 20 % of its electricity .
In Paraguay , which relies on the Itaipu dam for 90 % of its electricity , the entire country was blacked out for 15 minutes .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
PC gamers have been up in arms as of late over Infinity Ward ’s recent announcement which said it will not be supporting dedicated servers in Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 .
Shortly thereafter , id Software revealed that they too would not be utilizing dedicated servers in their upcoming shooter , ironically named RAGE .
Why are these developers moving away from what has been the standard in PC gaming and will it become a trend ?
Is PC gaming going the way of console gaming ?
The answer is a resounding “ it depends . ”
In a recent chat with the BestBuy.com community , developers at IW fielded questions from concerned fans , but there was something unsettling about the whole exchange – they did n’t really answer the questions .
In fact , they just about avoided every question that involved dedicated servers by saying things like “ our main focus right now is on making sure the game will work well when it is released ” and “ IWnet was designed to make the multiplayer experience on PC easier and more balanced . ”
“ Easier ” certainly connotes a more console - like experience , complete with matchmaking , lack of a server list , $ 60 price tag , and dare I say , add - on content that you have to pay for ?
PC users feel that Infinity Ward is “ dumbing down ” the game by taking out some of the core features , such as dedicated servers and the ability to lean ( a feature which has been in every PC Call of Duty game ) and replacing them with matchmaking and a 9v9 player cap , fair trade , right ?
Many gamers believe that the developer has turned its back on what were the franchise ’s original roots .
You forgot ?
Call of Duty originated as a PC - exclusive title .
Actually , the FPS genre itself is deeply rooted in the PC community , which has come to know and love the implementation of dedicated servers .
One downside of not having dedicated servers , and one that many gamers are worried about , is that the possibility of custom mods / maps is essentially gone .
One of the reasons Valve ’s FPS Half - Life was so successful was because of all the custom mods built around it .
Mods extend a game ’s life significantly .
If it were n’t for custom mods , we would n’t have games like Counter - Strike or Day of Defeat , and let us not forget that Call of Duty 4 had tons of mods contributed by the community .
Without dedicated servers , this simply is n’t feasible .
Gamers have a right to be frustrated because they are getting less for their money .
Robert Bowling , Infinity Ward ’s creative strategist and all around cool guy , noted that IWnet , the platform Modern Warfare 2 is based on , is the biggest investment the company has made into the PC version of their games .
So why are they making the shift away from dedicated servers to a peer - to - peer approach , especially if it ’s such a big investment ?
If it ai n’t broke , do n’t fix it , right ?
There are various reasons why they decided to make the switch , the first of which is the aforementioned “ ease - of - use ” factor .
“ [ Playlists ] allow you to play custom games out of the box without the need to install mods , find a modded server with the rules you like , or worry about not being in control of the match , ” Bowling says .
“ [ The party system and friends list ] makes setting up scrims or games with friends easier and hassle free . ”
According to Infinity Ward , IWnet takes all the work of browsing through a server list and finding the best game and does it for you .
You specify the gametype and rules you want to play by and it will find a match with the lowest ping based on those requirements , player skill , and location preferences .
The second reason is smoother gameplay .
They believe that lag will be minimized by using a peer - to - peer setup , a setup that console gamers will be oh so familiar with when it ’s referred to with its more common name : player - hosted servers .
What ’s concerning about this is that it usually results in a “ host with the most ” situation , where a player hosting a game has a distinct advantage over the players connected to that game .
I ’m sure Xbox 360 owners remember the disastrous multiplayer Call of Duty 2 originally had , not to mention it took Infinity Ward about three months to patch the extreme lag issue .
Is a peer - to - peer setup really the right way to go ?
Gordan Van Dyke , associate producer for Battlefield : Bad Company 2 does n’t think so .
“ Since Battlefield 1942 DICE has used dedicated servers for all platforms , ” Van Dyke says .
“ This formula has worked well , and still works well , for us and for the gaming community … dedicated servers [ are ] the best solution for online PC gaming hands down ! ”
DICE is n’t the only studio making pokes at Infinity Ward ’s decision .
Among others , Futuremark Games Studio has made note of the fact that they will utilize dedicated servers in their games .
However , in Infinity Ward ’s defense , with the greater availability of broadband , most people these days have faster connections , which allows for smoother p2 p games , as opposed to the days of the mighty dial - up .
Of course IW also dropped another bomb on PC gamers when they said online matches would be capped at 18 players when the game ’s predecessor went up to 64 .
That ’s a loss of 46 players per server !
That ’s devastating news to large clans .
Call of Duty is not a tactical shooter like Gears of War , which is why the latter gets away with a smaller player count .
Yes , I know there ’s a pretty big difference between 18 players and 10 players ( Gears of War 2 ’s player cap ) , but when you look at the difference between the PC versions of Modern Warfare 2 and CoD4 , it ’s laughable .
During the live chat , one disgruntled gamer asked , “ Please explain how a 9v9 match is a multiplayer experience ?
I ’d have more fun serving lunch at a local nursing home . ”
Ouch .
IW claims the maps in CoD4 were not “ balanced ” for 64 players .
Hindsight may be better than foresight , but whatever happened to playtesting ?
It was always my understanding that playtesting played a vital role in balancing a game , so if the player count was n’t right for the maps , why did the game ship with a 64 - player cap ?
That being said , Infinity Ward centered around the 9v9 cap when balancing map sizes , perks , classes and challenges , according to the live chat .
In reality , the biggest reason is probably because anything over 18 would cause lag issues when running on a p2 p network .
Is n’t it convenient that they ’re telling us all of this a week before the game ’s release ?
Infinity Ward ’s third reason for switching to IWnet is anti-cheat .
IWnet uses Valve ’s anti-cheat system .
“ The biggest benefit of using IWnet by far is the fact that you do n’t have to worry about joining a server full of aim - bots , wallhacks , or cheaters , ” Bowling writes , “ Or relying on the server admin of the server to constantly be monitoring , banning , and policing it . ”
What does n’t make sense is that Valve ’s anti-cheat is available for dedicated servers as well .
The final reason for IWnet is piracy , which truth be told , is a pretty significant problem for game publishers .
IWnet will help prevent the game from being illegally obtained .
This brings up a valid question : is console gaming transforming PC gaming in , what many would argue , a negative way ?
It does seem that PC gaming is losing its relevance as of late .
When you take into account the fact that consoles are much more affordable and PC gaming rigs require semi- frequent hardware upgrades in order to keep pace with today ’s games , but therein lies the rub .
The advancement of new technology and new ideas in the computer gaming industry translates to improvements in console gaming .
Console development alienates small developers because it has a significant barrier of entry , whereas the PC platform has virtually no barrier of entry .
This indicates that innovation and creativity is stimulated much more in the PC arena while the console market continues to be primarily profit - driven .
Infinity Ward states that the PC version of Modern Warfare 2 will be more user - friendly and easier for more casual gamers to play , but this logic , in its truest sense , is flawed because casual gamers tend to stick with console platforms .
The level of complexity in PC gaming suggests that all PC gamers are hardcore gamers because they have to learn to understand their platform in order to enjoy it .
This is why there is such a divide between PC and console gaming , and it ’s a divide that should not be crossed .
Do n’t get me wrong , Modern Warfare 2 is going to be a great game , and I have faith that Infinity Ward knows what ’s best for its franchise .
I just do n’t think a p2 p system is the future of PC gaming .
There ’s a reason why nearly every PC game has adopted the use of dedicated servers .
So , to answer my original question , is PC gaming going the way of console gaming ?
Once again , the answer is “ it depends . ”
Gaming , as with any other market , is a demand - oriented industry .
Gamers get what gamers want , and for Infinity Ward to say they know what gamers want and break tradition is questionable .
If it turns out that PC gamers swallow their pride and end up liking the transition IW makes , then yes , PC gaming might be trending in a new direction .
Let ’s just wait and see .
British nuclear expert 's 17th floor UN death plunge ' was not suicide '
Death : Timothy Hampton was involved in monitoring nuclear activity
A British nuclear expert who fell from the 17th floor of a United Nations building did not commit suicide and may have been hurled to his death , says a doctor who carried out a second post - mortem examination .
Timothy Hampton , 47 , a scientist involved in monitoring nuclear activity , was found dead last week at the bottom of a stairwell in Vienna .
An initial autopsy concluded that there were ‘ no suspicious circumstances ’ .
But it is understood that Mr Hampton ’s widow Olena Gryshcuk and her family were deeply unhappy with that verdict .
Now a doctor who undertook a second post - mortem examination on behalf of the family believes she has found evidence that Mr Hampton did not die by his own hands .
Professor Kathrin Yen , of the Ludwig Institute in Graz , Austria , which specialises in traumatology research , said she had more tests to complete on Mr Hampton , who had a three - year - old son with Ms Gryshcuk .
But she said one possible theory was that Mr Hampton was carried to the 17th floor from his workplace on the sixth floor and thrown to his death .
Professor
Yen used new forensic techniques to detect internal bruising caused by strangulation which would not be visible to the eye .
She said : ‘ In my opinion , it does not look like suicide .
My example is that somebody took him up to the top floor and took him down .
‘ At the moment I do n’t have the police reports .
We did a CT scan .
From the external exam , I saw injuries on the neck but these were not due to strangulation . ’
It is expected to take three weeks for blood test results to come back .
Austrian police said they believe Mr Hampton committed suicide .
He had been working for the Comprehensive Nuclear - Test - Ban Treaty Organisation ( CTBTO ) at the UN building .
CTBTO staff monitor tremors in countries worldwide to uncover illegal nuclear tests .
It has been suggested that Mr Hampton may have been involved in talks discussing nuclear testing in Iran .
The UN has strongly denied the claims .
Doubts : Mr Hampton 's death at the UN building is under investigation
His body was discovered last Tuesday at about 8 pm .
Friends said it was usual for him to work late into the night .
His widow , a weapons inspector for the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) , was working in Japan when her husband died .
A source close to the family said life had not been easy for Mr Hampton , who was often away from his wife and son .
But the source added that he was ‘ not the suicide type ’ .
He said : ‘ Tim was rather introverted .
He changed his life many times . ’
Trained in Britain as a bio-chemist , Mr Hampton worked in a bio-lab before moving into construction .
He then worked on nuclear test - ban projects before joining the UN in 1998 , said the CTBTO .
The IAEA , an independent and separate organisation , inspects nuclear plants worldwide and is based in the building next to the CTBTO in Vienna .
Under a year ago , an American died at the IAEA in strikingly similar circumstances , his body being found at the bottom of a stairwell .
A UN spokeswoman said an investigation into that case continues , though Austrian police have concluded it was suicide .
She said : ‘ This might have been a copycat thing in the CTBTO . ’
By John McManus
BBC News
Bevis Marks synagogue was built in 1701
The rabbi of Britain 's oldest synagogue has stood down after a row over his part in a demonstration against the role of banks in the financial crisis .
Rabbi Nathan Asmoucha allowed a protest march to begin at the Bevis Marks synagogue in the City of London .
He was recruited by Bevis Marks - built in 1701 - last year and was credited with creating a good community spirit .
But senior synagogue member said the march had upset members with links to the financial services industry .
Political campaign Mr Asmoucha has now signed a compromise agreement , whereby he stands down as rabbi and agrees to move out of the accommodation provided for the postholder by next year .
A statement issued on Friday evening by the congregation 's chief executive Howard Miller confirmed Rabbi Asmoucha 's departure , and thanked him for his work in the Jewish community .
The synagogue 's elders initially suspended the rabbi and brought disciplinary measures against him on the grounds that he should not have participated in a political campaign without their permission .
In addition , it was alleged that he had jeopardised the synagogue 's security by allowing protesters inside without allowing adequate supervision .
Reverend Dr Gerry Barlow , who represents faith workers in the Unite union and has been advising Rabbi Asmoucha , said although there was a real security issue for Jewish buildings , the executive board of the congregation overreacted .
" Allowing the march to start from Bevis Marks was an incredibly good act of faith with other religions , " he said .
' Insight ' Sam Dias , 77 , who works as a warden at Bevis Marks , said 70 people turned up for the protest .
" I thought they were nice people , very polite .
Some came out saying they were very impressed with the synagogue and how it had given them an insight into Judaism , " he said .
He believes the protest may have angered some members who work in the financial industry and said most of the congregation at Bevis Marks was " bitterly upset " about Rabbi Asmoucha 's departure .
He doubted the synagogue would get another rabbi , adding : " This may be the end of the road for the congregation after this debacle . "
He said Bevis Marks worshippers were now pressing for a meeting with senior members of the congregation , which they hoped would take place in the next few months .
Several elders connected with Bevis Marks have refused to comment further .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
November 20 , 2009
Equality Across America is organizing vigils in several cities to remember López and to oppose the bigotry against LGBT people that leads to such barbaric crimes .
López was " a very well - known person in the gay community of Puerto Rico , and very loved , " wrote Christopher Pagan in a statement at CNN 's Webs site .
López volunteered for organizations advocating HIV prevention and LGBT rights .
But the first response of the authorities was bigotry .
A police officer investigating the crime said on television : " [ P ] eople who lead this type of lifestyle need to be aware that this will happen . "
A gay man in Puerto Rico was the victim of a horrific crime last weekend .
On November 14 , 19 - year - old Jorge Steven López Mercado was found dead by the side of a deserted road near Caguas , where he lived .
His body had been partially burned , decapitated and dismembered .
EQUALITY ACROSS America ( EAA ) extends our deepest condolences to the family of Jorge Steven López Mercado , the openly gay Puerto Rican man who was brutally slain last week in what appears to have been a hate crime .
It is in sadness and solidarity that we gather across the nation in memory of Mr. Mercado .
These vigils will be publicized as tangible evidence of our support for the Puerto Rican lesbian , gay , bisexual , transgender , queer and intersex ( LGBTQI ) community as well as all other victims of hate crimes and their families .
EAA member Sherry Wolf explains , " So long as the federal government maintains discriminatory laws against LGBTQI people , unimaginable acts of brutality like this one are more likely to occur . "
Equality Across America fully denounces inequality of any kind based on class , race , religion , age or community including but not limited to individuals that identify as LGBTQI .
It is our mission to secure equal protection in all matters governed by civil law in all 50 states , the District of Columbia and U.S. territories .
We will accept no less and will work until it is achieved .
Jorge Steven López Mercado
In conjunction with our commitment to equality , we call on officials to ensure that all applicable hate crime provisions be applied to this case .
At present , there is evidence that Mr. Mercado may have been targeted based on his sexual orientation .
We are outraged by the televised public statement by a Puerto Rican police investigator who stated " people who lead this type of lifestyle need to be aware that this will happen . "
Below is a partial list of solidarity vigils taking place in cities across the United States .
Danny turned our makeup trailer into an oasis of order amid the chaos and oftentimes panic of the set .
Well before my tardy clomp up the trailer steps , he would arrange his station , make coffee , tune in National Public Radio and sometimes put out a plate of breakfast delicacies .
My shaving tools would be at the ready -- a Norelco razor , a stick of roll - on talc , a disposable blade for the tough whiskers .
And then , with a ritualistic slap of Sea Breeze on my face , I 'd declare , " Shave , where be thy sting ? " and off to work we'd go .
On both movies that were fun ( " Catch Me if You Can " ) and movies that were tough ( " Turner & Hooch " -- ridiculously tough ) , Danny juggled my mercurial attitudes and the condition of my skin , offering his ear for my complaints and altering my body chemistry when necessary with a new facial scrub , a homemade bran muffin or a glass of cabernet .
My makeup man and I worked around the world and at every studio in Hollywood .
With my face as his canvas , he turned me into a cop , an astronaut , an Army Ranger , an F.B.I. agent , a Master of the Universe , a Slavic tourist and even Santa Claus .
Through a freezing Chicago winter on " Road to Perdition , " he showed the violence of my character with a slightly broken nose and eyes framed by the harsh lines of my hat and mustache .
" Cast Away " was all Danny and the hair stylist Kathy Blondell .
As I lost weight to show four years of being marooned in the South Pacific , Danny created scars , sunburns , rashes , rotted teeth and seeping wounds .
Hours before sunrise on the set in a Fijian paradise , I nodded back to sleep as Danny and his crew fought fatigue and the clock , deconstructing me in a frenzy equal to a Nascar pit crew getting a car back onto the track .
On " Forrest Gump , " we worked a 27 - day stretch without a day off , grabbing shots in New Hampshire , Vermont and Maine before returning to South Carolina , all in one weekend .
That 's four states and three full - length beards in two days !
Danny took me from a teenager to a Vietnam soldier to parenthood as Sally Field died of cancer , earning him and his team one of Gump 's Academy Award nominations .
Perhaps because few voters realized the makeup was there , he went home empty - handed .
