By Richard Black
Environment correspondent , BBC News website
The authors believe climate change will increase rates of malnutrition Failure to agree a new UN climate deal in December will bring a " global health catastrophe " , say 18 of the world 's professional medical organisations .
Writing in The Lancet and the British Medical Journal , they urge doctors to " take a lead " on the climate issue .
In a separate editorial , the journals say that people in poor tropical nations will suffer the worst impacts .
They argue that curbing climate change would have other benefits such as more healthy diets and cleaner air .
December 's UN summit , to be held in Copenhagen , is due to agree a new global climate treaty to supplant the Kyoto Protocol .
But preparatory talks have been plagued by lack of agreement on how much to cut greenhouse gas emissions and how to finance climate protection for the poorest countries .
Effects of climate change on health will ... put the lives and wellbeing of billions of people at increased risk
Lancet / UCL report
Send us your comments " There is a real danger that politicians will be indecisive , especially in such turbulent economic times as these , " according to the letter signed by leaders of 18 colleges of medicine and other medical disciplines across the world .
" Should their response be weak , the results for international health could be catastrophic . "
Rising risk Earlier in the year , The Lancet , together with University College London ( UCL ) , published a major review on the health impacts of climate change .
Some of the headline findings were that rising temperatures are likely to increase transmission of many infectious diseases , reduce supplies of food and clean water in developing countries , and raise the number of people dying from heat - related conditions in temperate regions .
Changing fuel can improve women 's lives as well as curbing emissions
But it also acknowledged some huge gaps in research - for example , that " almost no reliable data for heatwave - induced mortality exist in Africa or south Asia " .
Nevertheless , the main conclusion was that in a world likely to have three billion new inhabitants by the second half of this century : " Effects of climate change on health will affect most populations in the next decades and put the lives and wellbeing of billions of people at increased risk " .
The current Lancet and BMJ editorial that accompanies the letter from doctors ' organisations argues that climate change strengthens the cases that health and development charities are already championing .
" Even without climate change , the case for clean power , electric cars , saving forests , energy efficiency , and new agriculture technology is strong .
" Climate change makes it unanswerable . "
Written by Lord Michael Jay , who chairs the health charity Merlin , and Professor Michael Marmot of UCL , the editorial argues that there are plenty of " win-win solutions " available .
" A low - carbon economy will mean less pollution .
A low carbon - diet ( especially eating less meat ) and more exercise will mean less cancer , obesity , diabetes , and heart disease .
" Opportunity , surely , not cost . "
Richard .
Black-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
French designer Aissa Logerot comes with concept Halo .
Its Shaped like a spray paint bottle , the LED light can change colors and brightness on the fly and while its powered by an internal battery that can be charged by shaking of the can .
via
Researchers are divided on whether radiation from cellphones pose health risks or not .
Now , one nonprofit organization adds some hard data to the argument : the radiation emission profiles of more than 1,200 cell phone models .
The data wo n't resolve the debate , but does give concrete information to consumers to help them make their buying decisions .
American cellphone radiation standards do n't make enough of an allowance for safety and ignore the impact of electromagnetic radiation on children , says the Environmental Working Group , which analyzed the radiation emissions from 1,268 cellphones .
The group also looked at a number of recent research studies and supporting documentation from the handset makers to arrive at its conclusions .
" We think that based on current standards there 's increased risk of developing brain tumors in long term users – people who have used cellphones for more than 10 years – from radiation in cellphones , " says Olga Naidenko , a senior scientist at EWG , who worked on the report for about 10 months .
The group has created a database of feature phones and smartphones that lists the maximum radiation each of the devices emits .
( You can look up your phone 's radiation level using the form embedded in this story , below . )
" We want consumers to take steps they can take to minimize potential risks , " says Naidenko .
About 4 billion people worldwide use cellphones .
Researchers have been debating for years on whether the radiation from cellphone use leads to health hazards such as cancer and other illnesses .
Perhaps , in no greater proof of how hot the debate is , infomercial peddlers such as Kevin Trudeau and television doctors such as Andrew Weil have declared that cellphone use are one of the risk factors for brain cancer .
More scientific studies have tried to assess both short term and long term impact of cellphone usage .
Yet there has been no conclusive evidence so far .
That 's because earlier research studies did n't have a pool of users available who had been on their cellphones long enough , says Naidenko .
" A lot of the studies that came out in 2000 and 2001 only looked at short term exposure , which is about four to five years and they did n't see any risks from radiation , " she says .
" But now that we see results from long term studies , we are seeing more evidence to the contrary . "
Still Naidenko says the EWG 's data does n't conclusively prove a link between cellphone radiation and health risks .
Henry Lai , a professor of bioengineering at the University of Washington who has researched the issue in the past , reviewed EWG 's report and says the group is on the right track .
" There 's no solid conclusion right now on whether cellphone use leads to increased health risk , " he says .
" But all the data shows cause of concern , and that 's very well brought out in the report . "
Cellphone radiation is transmitted by the antenna and the circuitry inside the handset by sending out electromagnetic waves ( radio frequency radiation ) to transmit their signal .
The radiation emitted by the antenna is not directional , which means that it propagates in all directions more or less equally .
Factors such as the type of digital signal coding in the network , the antenna design and its position relative to the head determine how much radiation is absorbed by a user , says EWG .
Other household appliances , such as microwave ovens , emit radiation , but no other device is in such close contact with the human body as a cellphone .
" You do n't put your head inside the microwave , " says Lai .
" And unless you are standing very , very close to it , the radiation from microwaves is very low . "
The Federal Communications Commission sets the acceptable U.S. radiation standards for cellphones .
The effects of the radiation depend on the rate at which energy is absorbed by a mass of tissue .
This is called as the Specific Absorption Rate ( SAR ) and measured in watts per kilogram ( W/kg ) .
Most handset makers use private certification companies to test the SAR on their devices .
Based on a recommendation from industry group , IEEE , the FCC limits SAR levels for partial - body exposure ( including head ) to up to 1.6 W/kg , and whole body exposure to up to 0.08 W/kg .
For hands , wrists , feet , and ankles , the limit is up to 4 W/kg , averaged over 10 grams of tissue .
In general , the lower the SAR the better the phone , from a potential health hazard point of view .
For instance , Apple 's iPhone 3G has a maximum SAR of 1.39 W/kg when held at the ear .
Compare that to the 1.19 W/kg SAR for the iPhone 3G S .
The best phone on EWG's list , the Samsung Impression , has a maximum radiation of just 0.35 W/kg .
But FCC 's current standards are inadequate , says EWG .
FCC standards allow 20 times more radiation to reach the head than the rest of the body , says an EWG representative , and they do n't provide an adequate margin of safety for cell phone radiation exposure .
" The FCC limit for the head ( SAR of 1.6 W/kg ) is just two - and - a - half times lower than the level that caused behavioral changes in animals ( SAR of 4 W/kg ) , " says the representative .
" Thus , the brain receives a high exposure , even though the brain may well be one of the most sensitive parts of human body ... and should have more protection . "
There 's also just one one standard for " general population exposure " which is same for adults and children .
The FCC also does not have strict enforcement against violators , alleges EWG .
" The U.S. government is not paying enough attention to this health problem , " agrees Lai .
But policy makers in Washington D.C. are starting to take notice .
Experts will present evidence at a conference in mid-September , arguing for and against the impact of radiation from cellphones on health , and its implications for public policy .
But no cellphone companies or handset makers are expected to be present .
Independent of the conference , Sen. Arlen Specter ( D - Pennsylvania ) is expected to chair a Sept. 14 congressional hearing on cellphones .
Still EWG 's research is just the beginning , says Lai .
" It is a not a scientific paper and there are mistakes with over - interpretation and bias in use of some of the literature to support their conclusions , " he says .
" But it does serve the purpose of raising awareness of the problems stemming from cellphone use . "
See Also :
Photo : ( Steve Garfield / Flickr )
Would you jump off a cliff if all your friends were doing it ?
At Something Awful , the answer is unequivocally yes .
Humans and animals alike have struggled with the problem of getting from one side of a cliff to another .
Unsuccessful approaches include :
running really fast only to notice a few strides into your attempt that your feet are moving over empty air .
voluntarily diving off a precipice in the mistaken belief that your fictional vampire boyfriend will save you .
riding a skateboard over a gorge only to lose momentum and drop comically to the canyon floor .
The Steak Justice presented this eternal quandary to the Something Awful Forum Goons , who responded with their usual ingenuity .
Disclaimer : Most of these strategies only work in the magical world of MS Paint .
Try at your own risk !
Needle
WASHINGTON  A shift in authority has given military officials at the White House a bigger operational role in creating a backup government if the nation ’s capital were “ decapitated ” by a terrorist attack or other calamity , according to current and former officials involved in the decision .
The move , which was made in the closing weeks of the administration of President George W. Bush , came after months of heated internal debate about the balance of power and the role of the military in a time of crisis , participants said .
Officials said the Obama administration had left the plan essentially intact .
Under the revamped structure , the White House Military Office , which reports to the office of the White House chief of staff , has assumed a more central role in setting up a temporary “ shadow government ” in a crisis .
And the office , a 2,300 - person outfit best known for flying Air Force One , has taken on added responsibilities as the lead agent in shepherding government leaders to a secure site at Mount Weather in rural Virginia , keeping classified lists of successors and maintaining computer systems , among other operational duties .
Many of these types of tasks were previously handled by civilians at other agencies , led by the Federal Emergency Management Agency .
Girl dubbed ' Hunchback of Notre Dame ' walks tall after operation on her spine adds six inches to her height
Cruel taunts : School girl Jessica Stalley was dubbed the ' Hunchback of Notre Dame ' by bullies but is now standing tall after a back operation
A schoolgirl dubbed the ‘ Hunchback of Notre Dame ’ by bullies is walking tall after a back operation added six inches to her height .
Jessica Stalley , 14 , had to endure cruel taunts such as ‘ hunchback ’ and ‘ humpback ’ after a medical condition saw her develop the spine of a 70 - year - old .
But after a series of gruelling operations , she can now stand up to the bullies with perfect posture .
Miss Stalley was diagnosed with kyphosis , a disfiguring forward curve in her spine that made her look like she was always slumping , at the age of 12 .
The teenager has since grown to five foot seven thanks to a pair of titanium rods , held together by 12 screws which run parallel from top to bottom of her spine .
She will have to wear a special corset until October , but doctors say she 'll be able to return to her favourite activities such as swimming , soon after .
Miss Stalley says that the bullying reached its peak before she even realised there was a problem with her spine .
' They used to call me humpback and the Hunchback of Notre Dame , ' she said .
' It was so upsetting because at the time I had no idea what was wrong with me .
' But I tried to ignore them and be strong and once I was diagnosed I had an answer that silenced their words .
' We went to Clementine Churchill Hospital to try and find out what was wrong and when they told me what it was it was a massive relief .
' They actually said I had a spine like a 70 - year - old .
They booked me in for the surgery and I actually felt quite excited because I knew it was going to change my life . '
Miss Stalley who lives with her housewife mother Joanne , 44 , and finance worker father Chris , 42 and brother Nicholas , 11 , has had her life changed by the operation .
She was diagnosed with the problem in July 2008 and was given an MRI scan in August , on her 13th birthday .
She was then fitted with a back brace by medics in September 2008 , but after six months doctors were unhappy with the results and she was booked in for the two operations .
' They used to call me humpback ' : Jessica was diagnosed with kyphosis at the age of 12 and had the spine of a 70 - year - old
During the first six - and - a- half hour operation in April this year , medics sliced under her left arm and removed a rib , which was used to help prop up her spine .
Three days later she was taken from the private hospital bed for more surgery , this time to put four metal rods inside her .
Two of the rods were screwed in to the top and bottom of her spine to correct the curving .
Medics even had to deflate one of her lungs during the seven - and - a - half hour procedure to avoid any risk of injuring her .
On May 2 she began the first steps of physiotherapy , walking with help for the first time with her new height and posture .
Straightened out : Jessica Stalley is now six inches taller after a series of gruelling operations to correct her slumping spine ( right )
Miss Stalley , from Bedford , says she is now looking forward to removing the supporting corset for good .
She said : ' Since the operation I have had to relearn my new centre gravity so it meant walking round was a bit weird .
' Because I was upright it meant if it was windy outside it would feel much worse because I was used to being hunched over .
' It feels strange to walk tall , the doctor did n't think that he'd get me that straight .
' I 'm still in a back brace now , but doctors have told me when it comes off in October I 'll be fine and can even start swimming again - I can't wait . '
Her mother Joanne added : ' It has been 13 weeks since the operation and she has only just been able to get her socks on .
' The surgery was horrific , as parents we just thought " Oh my God , what have we done " .
' But the results are fantastic and her school , Dame Alice Harpur School , has been really accommodating .'
Constitution ?
What Constitution ?
Patrick Leahy either feigns ignorance or demonstrates it when questioned about the authority for the federal government to mandate the purchase of health insurance .
CNS
News captures this moment of either forced or natural obtuseness by the chair of the Senate Judiciary Committee ( via The College Politico on Twitter ) :
Q : I just want to know where , in your opinion , does the Constitution give specific authority for Congress to give an individual mandate for health insurance ?
LEAHY : What — we have plenty of authority .
Are you saying there is no authority ?
Q : I ’m asking — LEAHY :
Why would you say there is no authority ?
I mean , there ’s no question there ’s authority .
Nobody questions that .
Q : But where —
I mean , which — LEAHY :
Where do we have authority to set speed limits on an interstate highway ?
Q : Well , the states do that .
LEAHY : No , no , the federal government does that .
Well , actually , they do n’t set those limits now , although they did in the past .
The answer to that question is that the federal government built the interstate highway system , and that Americans have the option to use them or not .
The government does not make driving on these highways mandatory , nor does it make the purchase of gasoline ( which has a federal tax component ) mandatory , either .
In fact , plenty of people question whether the Constitution allows the federal government the authority to mandate any kind of purchase .
It gives C0ngress the authority to regulate interstate commerce , but that would n’t apply at all — because the federal government blocks the interstate sale of health insurance at the moment .
At least a few people have been asking this question for months .
Apparently , Senator Leahy is a little too busy in his ivory tower to listen .
Image via Wikipedia
WARNING : If you are a vegetarian you might want to skip this post – it is 100 % about bacon .
IheartPGH owes alot to bacon , we did n’t really think much of this blog and only a handful of our friends read this little website – and four years ago that was a pretty small group of people that were willing to read a blog .
But then we posted about Bacon Night ( TGIB – Bacon Night 11/18/2005 ) at the Harris Grill and somehow the Post - Gazette found that post and mentioned this humble little blog in the paper and things started to change .
So I have noticed that bacon is kind of a big deal for many of our readers so here is an event for the bacon lovers .
The Blue Ribbon Bacon Tour , Saturday , September 26 , 11:00 – 4:00 , Harris Grill – $ 30 gets you 5 hours of bacon goodness .
You can even purchase a signed copy of the book Bacon : A Love Story : A Salty Survey of Everybody ’s Favorite Meat .
A must read for the bacon enthusiast .
The Blue Ribbon Bacon Festival in Des Moines , Iowa has been going strong for two years and now they ’re taking it on the road to several cities around the United States during the summer of 2009 !
The Bacon Tour will bring together bacon enthusiasts for a celebration of all things bacon .
There are a limited number of tickets available for this event .
Attendees will be treated to several bacon appetizers and small plates featuring Vande Rose Artisan Dry Cured bacon , rated # 1 bacon by America ’s Test Kitchen , featured in Cook ’s Illustrated magazine and on the Today Show .
The food will be prepared right here in the Harris Grill kitchens by our experienced pork artisans .
The event will also feature a bacon eating contest .
Blue Ribbon Bacon
Tour attendees will have the opportunity to purchase a signed copy of Bacon : A Love Story ( HarperCollins , May 2009 ) .
The book was written by Heather Lauer , author of the blog , BaconUnwrapped.com .
Lauer is co-hosting all Blue Ribbon Bacon
Tour events being held around the country this summer .
Local bacon blogger , Jason Mosley – aka “ Mr. Baconpants ” ( MrBaconpants.com ) – will also be co-hosting the event .
Mosley was recently featured in an article that appeared on Pittsburgh ’s PopCityMedia.com .
Tickets : $ 30 per person , which includes admission to the event , delicious bacon appetizers and small plates prepared by Harris Grill featuring Vande Rose Artisan Dry Cured bacon including Bacon Pierogi , Bacon Wrapped Shimp , Bacon Brittle , Bacon Wings , Bacon Sushi , Chicken Fried Bacon , Bacon Cupcakes , and two beverage tickets for adult libations of your choice .
Click
Here to buy tickets .
http://blueribbonbaconfestival.com/the-blue-ribbon-bacon-tour-is-coming-to-pittsburgh-on-september-26/
[ geo_mashup_map ]
Related reading about bacon …
I had the best Chinese taco last night
In 2002 , 94.9 million Americans admitted having used marijuana at some point in their lives .
In 2008 , that figure had grown to 102.4 million .
In percentage terms , that ’s an increase from 40.4 percent in 2002 to 40.6 percent in 2008 – unchanged , statistically speaking .
[ MPP ]
No matter how many lies they tell , no matter how many lives they rip apart , the brave soldiers in the war on drugs wake up everyday in a country where marijuana is part of a healthy lifestyle for millions of responsible adults :
For all the insulting outlandish , and just plain stupid propaganda that the drug czar 's office has been shoving down our throats , nothing has changed .
Nothing , that is , except public support for legalization , which continues to climb
The drug czar has n't said a word about the latest data on drug use rates , and it 's fitting that the smartest strategic move to come from that office in a long time was the decision to just keep their mouths shut for once .
Space Simulators
Like being there .
Screen shot from the Mars Colony Simulator from Hyperkat .
A space simulator can be as simple as a spacecraft simulation program running on your PC or as elaborate as a detailed , full scale hardware simulation of a shuttle cockpit .
Or perhaps it ’s a large scale group simulation carried out over the internet in which the participants play different roles , e.g. mission controllers or astronauts , in carrying out a mission scenario such as launching a satellite from the shuttle .
This section provides links and descriptions of all sorts of web resources related to both software and hardware space simulations .
Simulation News Sources
Space Simulation Projects
A selection of collaborative simulation projects intended primarily for educational and entertainment purposes .
Several simulators involve both software and hardware aspects to them .
Flight Deck of the Audrey full - scale space flight simulator .
Courtesy Jason Reskin Columbia Aeronautics and Space Association ( CASA )
Hickman High School in Columbia , Missouri has been carrying out space mission simulations since 1988 .
These include underwater scuba activites to simulate EVAs .
Organized under the ” target = ” _d ” >
Columbia Aeronautics and Space Association ( CASA ) the program is described as follows : CASA , Columbia Aeronautics and Space Association , is a truly unique program housed on the campus of Hickman High School , Columbia , Missouri , USA .
The largest student run space simulation in the nation , it uses an aerospace theme to provide a multidisciplinary learning experience which incorporates not only aerospace concepts , but also a knowledge of English , mathematics and science .
The program utilizes themes in context curriculum which allows students to experience aerospace principles first hand , and develop life skills such as teamwork , responsibility , and leadership .
The Traveling Space Museum “ We Bring The Adventure Of Space To You ! ”
This program brings ” full - scale and fully functional simulators into schools and using them as teaching tools . ”
The simulators include : Odyssey Space Lab – “ a 12 foot - long , full - scale replica of a space laboratory module that would be found as a part of the International Space Station . ”
Orion Shuttle – “ 12 foot - long motion - controlled flight simulator that resembles the Space Shuttle and gives students the sensation of piloting a spacecraft in low Earth orbit . ”
Mission Control – “ has a complete set of teleconferencing and Internet links that correspond with workstations aboard the Odyssey SpaceLab .
Mission Control is also equipped to teleconference with cadets piloting the Orion flight simulator at a third school . ”
Red Rover , Red Rover
The Planetary Society sponsors this ambitious educational project that allows students to simulate the experience of controlling robotic rovers on Mars .
The students build small robots ( from LEGO DACTA parts ) with video cameras and a simulated Marscape for it to explore .
Software is provided so that the students can control the robot and recieve the video from the robot .
The robots can also be controlled over the internet so students can control the rovers at other student sites on the web .
Equipment / software packages are available .
Dean Shuttle Simulators
Most of the following information was sent to me by Mr. Dean : James Dean worked at the Johnson Space Center from 1990 to 2001 first in the astronaut support office for five years and then the lead for the ISSP Outreach and Education group .
One of the things he did on the side was to develop a high fidelity , hands - on Space Shuttle launch and on - orbit simulation program .
The full environment includes ; Full size Shuttle flight deck
All NASA
Shuttle training manuals
All Flight Data File manuals KSC launch procedure ( all volumes )
JSC crew training CDs
Use of Mac MECO STK Precision Approach Launch videos
On - orbit full rev “ out the window ” Earth view videos .
He has built functional flight decks for various museums and schools around the country .
For example , he provided a Shuttle simulation program for the National Space Science & Technology Institute in Colorado Springs Colorado .
He also completed a launch simulation course at his local middle school .
He offers a package of materials that a school can use for Shuttle training and operations course .
All they need is a PC , a Mac , a TV , a video cassete player and a stereo .
All the NASA material was acquired through work at NASA and is all in the public domain .
He does not take payment for his services but builds the simulators in his spare time .
He gives them to organizations that cannot afford the museum quality versions that companies like Space1.com produce and does n’t want do n’t want to compete with them .
He offers plans for construction of the shell , framework , and interior panels .
The power system , caution and warning system , lighting system , and AC power distribution system are patterned from Shuttle schematics .
All this is available to anyone that would like to undertake a project like this .
Here is an article on one of Dean ’s projects : West Middle School students train to be astronauts – KXRM FOX 21 [ Colorado Springs , CO ] – May.27.09
Psst !
It really is rocket science : Space shuttle simulator so fun , kids do n’t know they ’re learning – Recordnet.com – July .
11.08
Students get lift with donated space simulator – Stockton ( CA ) Record – Apr.17.06
More Simulation Projects Discovery Shuttle Simulator – full sized simulator of the shuttle crew cabin Have Shuttle , Will Travel : Endeavour Takes Shape at Discovery Science Center – ad Astra / Space.com – June .2.05 Discovery Science Center – Orange County , California Orange County Space Society Mars Academy was a a wondeful and elaborate site that supported “. an educational collaborative project to design and simulate a manned mission to the Red Planet .
Browse through our extensive collection of Mars related resources at the Academy and participate with our members from all over the world in the design of the mission at the Mars Mission Design Center . ” “. engaged students on four continents in an extended space simulation covering many months .
This project sought to overcome some of the limitations inherent in short - term educational space simulations by increasing the duration of the simulation . ”
MoonCity – LunarSat * MoonCity at University of Innsbruck
LunarSat was a European project to send a small spacecraft to orbit the moon to carry out several scientific tasks , especially to confirm the presence of water ice at the polar regions .
Educational activities are intended to be a major part of the project .
The MoonCity program involves students in to design and simulate bases on the moon .
At the University of Innsbruck about “ 340 students worked for an entire semester to create a far future city on the Moon to host roughly 2000 people . ”
A follow - on to this activity was the MoonCivilization program that involved “ . students from all over Europe are planning - in groups , so - called “ MoonTeams ” or alone – to virtually colonize the Moon . ”
Space Explorers , Inc. – commercial education firm that offers classroom mission simulation programs with lesson plans Mission : Solar System – includes separate simulation missuons for Mars rover , Mars orbiter , Lunar Prospector , and Near Earth Asteroid rendesvous .
Orbital Laboratory Virtual Shuttle was a spectacular site created by students in the Space Club at St. Peter ’s School in Buenos Aires , Argentina .
The interactive real time simulation of a shuttle mission allowed one to “ . participate in a simulation of a complete Space Shuttle mission together with other virtual astronauts and mission controllers from all over the world .
“ NASA ’s Shuttle Simulator ( moved to Texas A&M after Shuttle program ended : Retired space shuttle simulator to ‘ fly ’ again at Texas A&M – collectSPACE – Dec.29.11
Flying the Space Shuttle simulator – Matthew Stibbe / Aviator / Forbes – July.26.11
Armchair astronaut : flying the Space Shuttle simulator – Flight Global – Nov.21.10
One More Ride On The Space Shuttle ( Simulator ) – NPR – July.24.10
Amusment Park Space Simulation Rides
+ Space Theme Parks
Rides Shuttle Launch Experience at at the KSC Visitors Complex : Review : Shuttle Launch Experience – The Space Review – Apr.28.08
Into space – on a shuttle simulator :
Our man has an exclusive first ride on Nasa ’s ВЈ30 m shuttle launch simulator near Orlando , Florida – TimesOnline – May.27.07 Mission : SPACE at DisneyWorld
Is space travel a reality ?
It is at Disney World – Travel Examiner – Jan.28.09 Thrills , chills on Mission : Space – Orlando Sentinel – June.25.06
Disney attraction simulates blastoff – The Washington Times – June .3.04 Astronauts Help Launch Disney ’s ‘ Mission Space ’ – wnbc.com – Oct.10.03 “ Mission : SPACE – Choose to go ! ” – collectSPACE – Aug.25.03 “ Disney launches Mission : SPACE ” – collectSPACE – Aug.15.03
Disney ’s new rocket ride `very realistic , ’ real astronaut confirms – HoustonChronicle.com – Aug.12.03 Mission : SPACE Ready to Take Guests on Flights to Mars – Space.com – Aug.4.03 Kennedy Space Center Space Shuttle Launch Experience
Always wanted to know what flying in the space shuttle feels like ?
Now you can – Orlando Sentinel – Apr.18.07 Simulated Space - Launch Ride Coming To KSC – Local6.com [ FLA ] – Feb.12.07 “ ‘ Shuttle Experience ’ to launch tourists ” – collectSPACE – July .6.05 Cosmodфme in Quebec offers a range of viirtual space mission experiences .
Parks ‘ Disney - style ’ space park to open in Ashdod : Israelis will soon get to feel what it ’s like to be an astronaut at a new hands - on learning center in the south – The Times of Israel – Feb. 11.15 4 Frontiers Corporation – plans to open a Mars settlement theme - park in Florida .
Local company planning space - based theme park – AbcActionNews.com – May.11.10 Red Planet Expeditions , Inc. ( RPE ) – “ setting out to build , market , and license the world ’s first Mars - themed adventure resort that will authentically simulate what it will be like to be on an expedition on Mars in the year 2035 . ” John Spencer of the Space Tourism Society is a co-founder .
Spaceport – space theme attraction near Liverpool , England Multi-million pound visitor attraction opens with a focus on the future British space programme – StarChaser / Space Race News !
– July .27.05 Spaceport Leisure – plans space theme parks for Japan and South Africa Spaceport Experience – attractions planned for SpacePortShenyang Space World – Kyushu Japan – space theme park + space camp John Spencer Discusses Mars On Earth , Yachts In Space And Space Tourism ’s Future – Neon Tommy – Sept.8.10
The following section lists various space related simulation programs .
These can be in game or exploration formats .
The simulators include commercial programs and others are freeware or shareware .
A number of the following simulators are no longer sold commercially by the original companies .
This has become quite common as technology moves on .
However , many of these old programs are still quite playable and remain in demand .
So a number of abandonware sites have arisen on the net that provide free downloads of copies of such orphaned programs .
The legality of such services , though , is highly in dispute but some sites make an effort to state the legal status of a each program ( e.g. Underdogs ) .
Check also these sections for online and offline space related programs : fly complete missions ( from lift - off to splash - down ) walk on the moon like a real astronaut !
3D cockpits , like real , with working 3D switches !
discover the whole moon in 3D !
( no flat surfaces ! ) original landing sites as highly detailed 3D terrain !
EVA with 3D astronauts 1st + 3rd person point of view more missions and features in future Apollo 18
Detailed CDROM simulation of the Apollo modules from AIM Software .
The AIM site has long disappeared but the game can still be obtained from some software retailers .
Includes realistic command and lunar module controls , multiple landing sites , mission control radio transmissions , 200 page technical manual , etc . Now available in the US .
GameSpot : PC Home : Apollo 18 Buzz Aldrin ’s Race to Space
This is a DOS game from Interplay , although no longer listed in their catalog .
It became available on CDROM in 1994 and “ .. features over 20 historic and proposed plans to reach the moon ” .
” The players ’ mission is to be the first to put their nation ’s flag on the moon ” .
” resources include that of over 140 astronauts or cosmonauts from which the player will plan , manipulate and direct every possible mission : sub-orbital ; orbital manned and unmanned ; planetary and lunar fly - bys ; lunar orbits ; space - walks ; LEM tests ; lunar passes ; and lunar landings ” .
“ over 60 minutes of full - motion video . ”
Virtual AGC – Apollo Guidance Computer Emulation
Detailed , faithful emulation of the Apollo guidance computer .
Open source project with source code available .
Executables available for Linux and Windows .
Could be used as a module in a general Apollo / LM simulation .
For example , Mark Grant is working to incorporate it into the Orbiter simulator .
Developer Info
Mercury Rocket Sims A - OK !
The Wings Of Mercury
“ A- OK !
The Wings of Mercury is a realistic simulation of the Mercury spacecraft .
It features 3D graphics , fully functional control panels , networked simulations , and a complete manual .
Version 3.5 is now available on Windows XP and Mac OS X. A - OK !
WoM is so realistic , you will use the actual checklists used by the astronauts .
Orbital and Sub -Orbital missions can be simulated .
Orbital missions and a Mission Control Center simulator are available to registered users . ”
MrKlingon ’s Mercury Redstone Simulator – Joel Anderson , aka Mr.Klingon , offers a basic simulator of the Mercury rocket for Windows .
Binary Star LTD
This company , founded by 2 former flight dynamics officers at NASA , offers several space simulation programs .
Unfortunately , the programs are intended for museums and arcades settings and so are extremely expensive .
MS3 – Mission Simulation Software intended for large installations such as at museum or space camp situation .
Lunar Contact - Apollo 17 lander simulator
Discovery : Final Approach – Land the shuttle Columbia
Mission Satellite Rendezvous – rendezvous your shuttle with the Hubble Telescope for a repair mission .
Celestia : A 3D Space Simulator
“ Celestia is real - time 3D space simulation which lets you travel through our solar system and to over 100,000 stars in our neighborhood . ”
It was developed as an open source collaborative project led by Chris Laurel – SourceForge.net : Project Info – Celestia .
It runs on Windows , Mac & Linux .
The architecture allows for on going expansion and add - ons See , for example , the spectacular planetary surfaces in the Celestia Gallery .
More about Celestia in the Celestia Forum at shatters .
net Claim Stake – The Official Site :: Do You Feel Adventurous ?
Become a Beltminer .
Built around the concept of asteroid mining , this simulator employs 3 - D graphics to display vehicles traveling and landing on asteroids ” “. 3D dexterity game about asteroid mining in deep space .
You are a Beltminer .
You have been issued a Prospector mining craft in order to land on asteroids and stake a cliam on valuable minerals .
These minerals will be used for the good of the space station Terra .
Your ultimate goal is to find water .
and construct an Ice - water extractor on an asteroid .
At the end of each mission , you will will have to spend a percentage of you credits on repairing the Prospector , buying Mineral Beacons , and re-fueling your craft .
Once you collect enough resources .
you will be able to build an Ice Water Extractor . ” 3 vehicle models : Space Shuttle , Saturn V/ CSM / LM stack ( with escape tower ! ) , Gemini / Titan stack .
3D graphics of vehicles , planets , moons , etc .
Realistic Orbital Mechanics
Modular Spacecraft – can develop ones own custom vehicles .
Kerbal Space Program
This is a multi - genre game where the players create their own space program .
In KSP , you must build a space - worthy craft , capable of flying its crew out into space , without killing them .
At your disposal is a collection of parts , which must be assembled to create a functional ship .
Each part has its own function and will affect the way a ship flies ( or does n’t ) .
So strap yourself in , and get ready to try some Rocket Science !
The program can be purchased in the KSP Store and Kerbal SpacePort sells add - ons .
Several videos about the software can be found in the Kerbal Space Program YouTube Channel .
For example , ” LIFTOFF is the first in a series of space simulations .
There is almost no limit to what you can do with this long awaited – very cool – software !
Take a virtual tour of the space shuttle , take it apart and reassemble it , manipulate it and experiment with weightlessness .
You ’ll even find detailed virtual reality animations .
Discover the history of Space Exploration including the history of rocketry and the space race , a much - needed glossary of acronyms and a timeline extending from the 17th century .
Plus you ’ll find teacher material and resources included !
And , last but not least and our favorite .
astronaut training !
Feel the power as you launch into space and take command of the Space Shuttle from launch through orbit , solve problems , deal with emergencies , talk to Mission Control and roam in weightlessness through the Shuttle cockpit and crew area . ”
Lunar Landers / Lunar Explorers
Lunar landers were among the first of computer games and are still popular .
Controlling the thrust and orientation of the vehicle for a smooth landing can be quite a challenge .
Landing simulators are available at varying levels of realism .
Lunar Explorer – a “ fully immersive , interactive , Virtual Reality simulation of the Moon .
It is a vivid and stunningly realistic visual experience of being on the Moon ” Lunar Explorer at VirtuePlay
Lunar Explorer MMOG – Moon Society – Information on how the software is being expanded to allow it to become the basis for a massive multi-player online gaming environment :
Moon with a view – Cosmic Log – Oct.15.06 Apollo Archive – Lunar Lander Simulator in menu
Eagle Lander – 3D Hi-res 3 - D simulation of ” final minutes of the Apollo 11 landing on the moon at the point that the automatic landing sequence was stopped and manual flight control began . ”
Eagle Lander – 2 - D version by Ron Monsen
i Rover 2010 is a Lunar Rover Simulator that “ is a fun way to tour the Lunar surface and see some of the elements that make up NASA ’s Lunar architecture ” .
It is “ compatible with iPhone and iPod touch “ .
ILM : Icarus , the Lunar Module : Ivan Scheers is creating this MS Windows based simulator of an Apollo Lunar Module with realistic flying behavior and mission types .
The project is still in development but beta versions are available on request .
He also will consider volunteer assistance in finishing it .
Lunar Contact - Apollo 17 lander simulator – Apollo 17 lander simulator ( priced for museums and exhibitions . )
MoonBaseOne Federation of Galaxy Explorers ( FOGE ) organization has sponsored development of this educational game in which adventures are based around the building of a lunar base .
MoonBaseOne blog where you can get news on the game development and download the latest version .
Ron Noteborn ’s Lunar Landing Guidance & Control – see the Flight Dynamics section for several Java demos on LM orbital mechanics .
John Donohue ’s Lunar Lander – includes the Java source code .
Also available at ExploreSpace.com – nice little Java applet lander Game style : Lunar Lander Landit – Nebula Aerospace – on line game
Play LunarLander Game by Seb Lee-Delisle
Games at the X PRIZE Lunar Lander Challenge 2007
StereoLander – a Java applet that does a very simple lander simulation ( on Mars actually ) but with a stereogram display .
Mars Simulations Maestro Headquaters – download special viewer for Mars rover data .
Home version of program used at JPL Drive on Mars – rover simulations , on line and offline GeoPlayer Mars Demo – “ Navigate the whole planet of Mars , fly from location to location , explore the terrain , view the landing sites .
Experience GeoFusion ’s amazing visualization technology yourself ! ” Take On Mars – “ Take On Mars places you in the seat of a Rover Operator , allowing you to control the various , fully simulated mobile Rovers and stationary Landers .
With this scientific arsenal at your disposal , you will work your way through the numerous Science Missions in each location , unlocking the secrets of Mars ’ distant past .
” Youtube video TerraExplorer 3D
Tour of over Mars – NASA Earth Observing System ( EOS ) Education Project ( Univ. of Montana ) and Skyline Software Systems use the free TerraExplorer software with Mars Rover data to allow you to “ take a flyby trip around Mars and the Spirit landing site without leaving home . ”
Universal exploration – Missoulian.com – Jan.28.04 Mars Simulation Project
Open source Java project to create a simulation of future human settlement on the planet Mars .
Another World Is Here : Mars Simulation Project – WorldChanging – Nov.12.05 Hyperkat Game Mars Colony ETS simulation program “ challenges the player with surviving and exploring an unknown planetary environment , in an immersive first person 3D graphics experience . ”
Provides simulation of habitat management , EVA , planet weather , and more , See screenshots .
HyperKat Games offers free Mars Colony simulation demo – Space - for - All – Mar.13.09 Mars Colony Simulator from HyperKat Games – Space - for - All – Jan.5.09
Planetary Rover – under development at HyperKat Games by Howard Dortch .
Currently moves over a general planetary landscape but could be configured for Mars .
Screen captures here and here .
Rover Radiation Blues – Music of the Spheres – Jan.18.09
MacMission Control
High - fidelity space shuttle simulation software for the Apple 68 k Macintosh and Power Pc machines .
MacMECO
Detailed simulation of shuttle main engine and solid rocket booster performance gives realistic shuttle launch and ascent simulations .
Detailed cockpit display and function provided .
MacSPOC ( SPOC = Spacecraft Personal Orbit Computations )
Orbit computation engine and teacher that can also be used for simulated space missions .
Documentation and demo software available for downloading .
Microsoft Space Simulator
This program is not longer available from MS .
In fact , it was apparently the last DOS game published by MS .
You might find it at a garage sale or used software exchanges .
There are often discussions on the news groups about it .
See also the FAQ at GameFaqs for help on the program .
MS Flight Simulator 95 , 98 , etc. d
Does n’t come with any spacecraft simulations but some third party sources provide space related add - ons .
Models : the Simviation misc page offers a free Discovery Shuttle FS model .
( The flight characteristics are not realistic , i.e. it can do a fly around if the landing is going wrong which the real shuttles ca n’t do . )
There are also an X - 15 multi-player and a simulator of the Spacecraft Orion as seen in 2001 Space Odyssey
multi-player and a simulator of the Spacecraft Orion as seen in 2001 Space Odyssey Xtreme Prototypes – X - 15 simulation addons .
FlightSim.Com !
– another FS site that might have some space / rocket related resources .
Fly Away Simulation , Flight Sim #
1
LunarPilot – A things - to - come Flight Simulation – Due Fall 2004
OpenUniverse : A Free Space Simulator
Raъl Alonso ’s program to simulate “ the Solar System ’s bodies in 3D on your Windows or Linux PC ” and “ it does so in realtime . ”
Still available but Alonso has shifted his efforts to working on Celestia ( see above . )
Orbiter – A free space flight simulator
This simulator is quite sophisticated and realistic and has very high quality 3 - D imagaery : “ ORBITER is a realistic space simulation using proper physics for the modelling of planetary motion , gravitational fields , free space and atmospheric flight etc .
As such , it is more challenging to master than an arcade game – you should at least have some basic idea about mechanics and planetary motion to get the most from it . ”
An example animation created by Orbiter .
See more videos of Orbiter in action .
“ Realistic physics .
Planetary motion , gravitation effects , free space and atmospheric flight are accurately modelled .
You can land your ship at a space port on a planet surface , or dock to an orbital station .
High resolution planetary maps provide some nice visual effects .
Configurable environment .
Users can add planets , space ships and space stations to the existing universe , or design a completely new solar system from scratch . ”
Orbiterschool
Resources for learning to use Orbiter and its many add - on features .
See the Tutorials such as this one on simulating SpaceShipOne .
Virtual Spaceflight – Andy McSorley Go Play in Space by Bruce Irving
“ ‘ Orbiter Manual for the rest of us ’ – meaning that it ’s an easy to read introduction to Orbiter , primarily aimed at readers who come from a non-technical background be they adults or children . ”
by Bruce Irving “ ‘ Orbiter Manual for the rest of us ’ – meaning that it ’s an easy to read introduction to Orbiter , primarily aimed at readers who come from a non-technical background be they adults or children . ”
Free presentation by Bruce Irving about Orbiter : Go Learn in Space v2 – ( pdf , 2.8 MB ) .
Orbiter Tutorials
Orbiter Links
Space Shuttle Simulations Space Shuttle Mission 2007 – Highly detailed , realistic simulation of the Shuttle from launch to orbital operations to reentry and landing .
Space Shuttle Mission 2007 Ground Crew Corner blog Space Shuttle Mission 2007 – FlightSim.Com Review – Feb.14.08 – positive review of the program .
Several SSM07 videos at YouTube , e.g. : YouTube – Space Shuttle Mission 2007 movie contest STS - 26 YouTube – Space Shuttle Mission 2007 STS - 26 Part One
– Highly detailed , realistic simulation of the Shuttle from launch to orbital operations to reentry and landing .
Orbiter : Space Flight Simulator – see entry above .
Space Shuttle Simulator – currently “ 10 % ” complete , it nevertheless displays impressive detail and strong graphics .
Based on the actual software currently used for training at Kennedy Space Center ’s Launch Control Center , this software enables a launch countdown simulation with a networked system of computers .
Materials are created by teachers for teachers and aligned with national education standards .
There are five console stations for your student engineers : Main Engines , External Tank , BioMed , Weather and Environmental Control .
While this is targeted for middle school students , it is easily scaled up to the high school level .
This software is an interactive , inquiry - based method for your students to practice the materials they learn in the classroom .
It also answers the age old question , “ When will I ever use this stuff I ’m learning in the classroom ? ” NASA KLASS Program and Curriculum
NASA Enables Students To Launch Virtual Space Shuttle – NASA – May.10.10
Space Sail Simulators
Solar and laser driven space sails may provide a practical method of transport around our solar system and even outside of it .
There are a number of simulators available and under development : Interworld Transport SailAway Open Source Project – collaborative project that you can join .
Interworld Commercial Solar Sailing – Check out this site for more info on this fascinating method of space travel .
JPL Clipper Solar Sail – applet simulator
JPL Heliogyro Solar Sail – applet simulator
Olivier Boisard ’s Solar Sails site includes a Java sail race game , a PC simulator and a 3D model of sails in VRML
More Solar Sail Links
Space Station Simulators
These programs deal large space habitats .
The stations could be generic or specifically the International Space Station .
Some are games dealing with the construction and operation of space stations .
Others employ sophisticated 3D modelling to allow the user to move through the inside and / or outside of a station .
Some also allow one to see the orbit and orientation of the station .
Space Station Manager – Mistaril – From Mistaril Games this program provides “ strategy game set in an immersive near future .
Apply your creativity and imagination to solve problems as a manager for a newly founded space station orbiting earth .
Face logical challenges as you balance your resources and your goals for the station .
Or just sit back and watch the earth flow slowly underneath .
The modules and technology are a mix of modern trends and futuristic vision .
Feel the heartbeat of the station with vital statistics simulated in real time .
Listen for the small signs in power , thermal control or life support to determine how healthy you creation is .
” Space Station Manager Demo – Download.com you ’ll experience the thrill of conducting NASA repair work on the International Space Station .
After negotiating your way through the airlock , you , the astronaut , will be tasked with four jobs critical to help power up the space station so it can continue to operate at full capacity .
But you have to move quickly and carefully , with a limited quantity of oxygen you must complete your EVAs and get back into the airlock before your air supply runs out .
This game features simulations of actual extravehicular activities ( EVAs ) conducted by NASA astronauts on missions to provide power to the space station .
The graphics used in this game are based on real NASA missions and incorporate 3D graphics used by the Agency .
Skybase : Space Station Simulator – design , build and explore a detailed simulation of the International Space Station .
Make variations from the official design .
The Piranha Interactive company is apparently no longer in business but this program can still be found .
See , for example , Skybase at the Software Outlet .
They include an image of the back of the box .
Space Station Simulator – Focus Multimedia – Revised and updated version of the Space Station Simulator first released in 1996 .
The user interactively builds the ISS ( or a custom version ) , can explore outside and inside the station , dock a shuttle or Russian Soyuz and Progress to the station , carry out EVA ’s and more .
SoftLab - Nsk is “ one of main developers of visual simulation software for Russian spacecraft and aircraft training systems . ”
They have expanded into general software that includes simulations , games , graphics and other products .
For example , they have a virtual model of the interior of the Mir module “ Priroda ” .
This VR system is used by the Yuri Gagarin Cosmonauts Training Center to familiarize cosmonauts that will be working on Mir.
Demos of their space simulators are available for PC .
These include :
Interior of MIR Space Station Module * Space Station Mir Virtual Astronaut – an educational web - based 3 - D simulation of the ISS .
Aimed at elementary grade levels , activities involve many aspects of space life .
Quizzes and puzzles are included with particular tasks .
Virtual Astronaut – Cool ! – Music of the Spheres – Aug.10.08 Windows on Earth : The Association of Space Explorers and TERC sponsor this cool on line program , which provides a rich , realistic digital simulation that lets you explore Earth from the window of the International Space Station — as if you were an astronaut .
You can fly over the dramatic Himalayas , the vast Sahara , lush rain forests , or the impressive Grand Canyon .
Explore and learn more .
Space Academy GX - 1
Edmark program for young people ( ages 8 - 12 ) is an interactive teaching program about space and astronomy but includes some flight simulations .
See Review at SuperKids .
Space Pinball
Download this space simulator developed by as an outreach project : “ Space Pinball is an educational package / software game ( in development ) , that is [ .
] downloadable from internet .
It should offer users , aged between 12 and 21 , knowledge on gravity and orbital mechanics .
Each level of difficulty includes a 3D game in which the presented knowledge can be practised .
You can actually take control of a satellite in space ! ” Version 1.0 now available .
V2.0 in beta .
SpaceEngine
This program is described as follows : is a free space simulation software that lets you explore the universe in three dimensions , starting from planet Earth to the most distant galaxies .
Areas of the known universe are represented using actual astronomical data , while regions uncharted by human astronomy are generated procedurally .
Millions of galaxies , trillions of stars , countless planets !
GrandTour : Voyager and Giotto Space Mission Simulator
“ simulate space as seen from the Voyager and Giotto spacecraft .
In addition , . generate scenes from arbitrary points in space or the Earth , with the spacecraft visible to the observer .
The planet , moons , and rings of interest ( or comet , nucleus , and tail ) , stars , the sun , and the spacecraft are all accurately drawn with wireframe representations .
“ “ developed at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory by John D. Callahan to assist in the analysis of science and optical navigation data .. program was filmed by the BBC as part of a NOVA documentary on the Voyager Uranus encounter . ”
Earth Impacts Earth impact effects simulator – on line program gives the damage on earth for a hit by asteroid or comet of a chosen size , density , etc. John Lewis ’s Asteroid Impact Modelling
The 1999 book : Comet and Asteroid Impact Hazards on a Populated Earth : Computer Modeling by John S. Lewis comes with a program on a diskette that allows you to bombard the earth with objects of various sizes and types to estimate the resulting death and destruction .
Read the Space.com review .
Space Games
Some space adventure games of note : Homeworld at MigMan ’s Real Time Strategy game set in space , with full 3D combat modelled .
Originally published by Sierra and released in 1999 .
FrontierAstro – astronomy and Frontier Elite 2 / Frontier First Encounters – space adventure game now in its third generation and a fourth due out soon .
Frontier Astro – “ dedicated to astronomy and Frontier Elite 2 / Frontier First Encounters ” Oolite – “ Oolite is a space sim game , inspired by Elite , powered by Objective - C and OpenGL , and designed as a small game that is easy for users to pick up , modify and expand upon .
Almost every aspect of the game can be changed by using simple , free graphics packages and text editors . ”
Classic space games : Elite ( video game ) – Wikipedia – “ a seminal space trading computer game , originally published by Acornsoft in 1984 for the BBC Micro and Acorn Electron computers . [. ]
Elite ’s open - ended game model , advanced game engine and revolutionary 3D graphics ensured that it was ported to virtually every contemporary home computer system , and earned it a place as a classic and a genre maker in gaming history . ”
Wing Commander ( video game ) – Wikipedia – “ Released by Origin Systems in 1990 , the game was a marked departure from the standard formula , bringing space combat to a level approaching the Star Wars films .
Set in the year 2654 and characterized by Chris Roberts as ‘ World War II in space , ’ it featured a multi-national cast of pilots from the ‘ Terran Confederation ’ flying missions against the predatory , aggressive Kilrathi , a feline warrior race .
Most impressively , cockpit performance affected gameplay : going above and beyond the call of duty resulted in medals , promotions in rank were awarded at regular intervals , and success or failure on certain critical missions would even decide the player ’s plot progress , ‘ winning ’ or ‘ losing ’ . ”
Flight Simulators with Space Options
These programs are intended primarily to simulate airplanes but some include suborbital vehicles ( X - 15 and SS1 ) and / or have a shuttle landing sim : PRE - Flight – This simulator is apparently aimed towards RC hobbyists who can configure their system to operate the simulator with RC transmitters to test the flying of their models .
However , it wll also work with a joystick or keyboard .
Fly the Scaled Composites White Knight with SpaceShipOne – Download freeware PRE - Flight 2.00 from Simtel and SS1 Model from PreflightSim.com .
After installing the simulator , open the SS1 zip file into the Model subdirectory .
Run the simulator and click on the Model menu and then choose Load and select the ss1.3 dm file .
The SS1 can be dropped and its engine fired .
New Model For Free Download – SpaceShipTwo – FlightSim.Com – NOTAMS – Oct.20.10 – WhiteKnightTwo / SpaceShipTwo flights with the WK2 / SS2 model The Observatory – Rick Robinson Aircraft Specification Simulator – “ This Excel workbook allows you to specify the dimensions , power plant , and maximum takeoff weight of an aircraft ; the workbook then computes its weights and allows you to explore its flight performance envelope .
( It ’s not a flight simulator , but tests what speed and altitude the aircraft could attain .
Provisions include simming orbital spaceplanes and airships , as well as conventional airplanes . ”
– “ This Excel workbook allows you to specify the dimensions , power plant , and maximum takeoff weight of an aircraft ; the workbook then computes its weights and allows you to explore its flight performance envelope .
( It ’s not a flight simulator , but tests what speed and altitude the aircraft could attain .
Provisions include simming orbital spaceplanes and airships , as well as conventional airplanes . ”
Starship Specification Spreadsheet – “ An Excel workbook for spacecraft mass , propulsion , fuel , etc .
The filename says “ space warships , ” but it can be used for civil cargo / passenger ships as well . ”
X - Plane.org – add - ons for the X - Plane simulator Searcg add - ons for rocket and space related simulations X - Plane.com – where you buy the X - Plane simulator created by Austin Meyer .
Space Combat -“ free spaceship simulator by Austin Meyer , author of X - Plane ” .
“ space simulator where all of the laws of physics are accurately applied to your vehicle . ”
Global Mars Scenary CDs
How To Fly The Space Shuttle
Special : Mars Flight – The Martian Chronicles Microsoft Flight Simulator – see above
More Simulators , Space Games & Related Resources iPhone , iPod touch , iPad apps iRover 2010 is a Lunar Rover Simulator that “ is a fun way to tour the Lunar surface and see some of the elements that make up NASA ’s Lunar architecture ” .
It is “ compatible with iPhone and iPod touch “ .
NASA Lunar Electric Rover Simulator
Space Camp for Nintendo Wii and DS 3 .. 2 .. 1.. Blast Off to Space Camp !
– GeekDad/Wired.com – July .20.09 “ a game for your iPad , Android tablet or computer .
It lets you fly in space , learning hands - on the lessons of orbital mechanics that confounded the early astronauts .
You do n’t have to be a rocket scientist , but you are going to need perseverance !
You ’ll cover simple lessons , like how and when to fire your engine to make your elliptical orbit circular .
How do you transfer from one circular orbit to another ?
How do you get back to Earth ?
That ’s kind of important , to your family at least , and all space odysseys start with training !
L.V. Sim ( Launch Vehicle Simulator ) – English Trans – by Stйphane Querry – simulates launch of single or multi-stage rockets to orbit .
Outer Planet Mission by Pete Huges – a fun Flash simulator to control the orbit of a spacecraft .
The Genesis Project – Terraform simulatior – Astrobiology Magazine – numerical program to test various parameters that affect the temperature and air pressure on Mars .
Tether simulations : TetSim at Jaqar Space Engineering
Shareware for Space Simulations – The Educational Space Simulations Project provides this software that is useful for collaborative space simulations .
EMRR ’s Rocket Games
Space Game Design Tips – Developer Quest Magazine
The Abandonware Ring – Your ring to find Abandonware related material .
EdGCM – ” software that allows teachers and students to run a 4 - D climate model on desktop computers .
The GCM at the core of EdGCM was developed at NASA and is currently in use by researchers to study climates of the past , present and future .
MPL3D – Multimedia Program Library 3D ( MPL3D ) Solar System simulation : MPL3D Solar System is a 3D interactive simulation of the close universe in real time .
Explore more than 10,000 mapped objects , including Solar System , +120 known extrasolar worlds , +250 multiple star systems , nebulae , star clusters , galaxies and more !
Space Tourism Market Simulation ( STMS ) is an interactive simulation covering various disciplines such as rocket engineering , economics , design , laws , ethics , art , etc. around space tourism to understand and practice coherences about this topic .
Participants can choose one out of eight specific groups such as passenger , manufacturer , organization , space travel agency , investor , government , opposition or own created group .
They can either cooperate or compete with other groups .
The idea of STMS is to improve participant ’s knowledge and skills of space tourism in the fields of strategic decision - making , engineering , teamwork , marketing and entrepreneurial activities .
RockSim – Apogee Rockets – allows the amateur rocket maker to design rockets “ by pointing and clicking at the parts ” .
Then the rocket can be run through a flight simulation which will describe how fast it will travel , how high it will go , when and where during the flight the parachute is deployed , and most importantly , it determines if the model will be stable and therefore safe to fly . ”
More rocketry software Balance – the game Models and simulations related to the Kepler Telescope project NASA : Eyes on the Solar System – online 3D space exploration .
Spacecraft 3D – device app that allows you to simulate various space missions with 3D visualization .
NASA 3 - D App Gives Public Ability to Experience Robotic Space Travel – NASA – July .11.12
NASA Space Communications and Navigation ( SCaN ) – interactive demonstration program shows how the ground and space based facilities of the agency ’s SCaN system interacts with the agency ’s spacecraft .
Available for free download for both Windows and Mac platforms .
NASA Launches Interactive Simulation of Satellite Communications – NASA – Mar.9.10
Instead of controlling a spacecraft or running a game , these simulations try to immerse you in a 3D environment and let you move around and interact within it .
The environment might be a space station , a lunar colony or the surface of Mars .
Some of the Space Station Simulations listed above use 3D modeling .
See also the Multimedia – Interactive section for more space programs including VR both online & off .
Massively multiplayer on line ( MMO ) games with near future space scenarios are in development , some sponsored by space agencies .
ActiveWorld ’s Mars Sites
ActiveWorld is an online virtual reality universe that has grown to involve hundreds of thousands of users with over 1000 unique worlds .
Included in this VR universe is a whole Mars world with spaceports and colonies .
“ Originally designed in 1997 as a demo project for NASA , the virtual world Mars has been open for colonization by Active Worlds ’ residents since 1998 ; and is one of the more popular hang outs for adventurous humans and extra- terrestrials alike . ” – Mars tour homepage .
The independent site Elysium Mars [ Last update : No Date ] gives overview of the Mars world , including a map , description of the spaceports , and recommended sites .
Second Life
This on line virtual world includes Spaceport Alpha , which has sites like the International Spaceflight Museum shown below International Spaceflight Museum ISM Blog Spindrift , in SciLands , Second Life Astro21C Moon World :
One small step for an avatar – Short Sharp Science / New Scientist – Mar.10.09 NSS Chapters News : NSS in Second Life – NSS – Feb.14.09 Virtual Worlds : Virtual Space Travel , Part 2 : Surfing to Mars – Linux News – June .14.08 Virtual Worlds : Virtual Space Travel , Part 1 : One Small Step – Linux News – June .7.08
Virtual reality and participatory exploration – The Space Review – June .25.07
Be a virtual rocket scientist – Cosmic Log – May. 1.07 Virtual - space gurus build final frontier : NASA collaborates with rocket enthusiasts on real - world applications – MSNBC.com – Mar.30.07
A guide to Second Life ’s space frontier – MSNBC.com – Mar.30.07 – images from the space exhbits in Second Life See also Extropia : “ Extropia is an online community in the world of Second Life , built around a positive , near - future science fiction theme . ”
Space City One
Developed by Jerome L. Wright aims to create a “ . virtual 3 - D environment of a realistic space city , allowing visitors to experience life in an orbital city .
As parts of the city are completed and tested , they will be added to the virtual city .
Likewise , data bases available to visitors will be added as they are compiled .
The pace of development will be determined by the level of success in raising the necessary development capital .
Space City is being developed by a group of astronautical engineers with many years of industry experience .
They are determined to make Space City One as accurate and detailed as practical to provide a high - fidelity environment for visitors . “
Lunar Explorer
A “ fully immersive , interactive , Virtual Reality simulation of the Moon .
It is a vivid and stunningly realistic visual experience of being on the Moon ” Lunar Explorer at VirtuePlay
Moon with a view – Cosmic Log – Oct.15.06
Colony ET
This program from HyperKat Games , which offers the Virtual Rover Simulator ( VIROS ) , began alpha tests in the summer of 2008 of its Colony ET simulation .
It is described as follows : Colony – ET puts you on an alien planet in full survival mode .
The game / simulation is a mini online 3D first person style role playing game where you are a character in a persistent world .
The current state of the simulator allows one person to set up a server and invite their friends to join in the colony .
We can have as many as 32 players but most people would be comfortable with 4 to 8 close friends .
mindark
The minark company creates 3 - D virtual environments that includes the Entropia Universe on line virtual world .
These include space related features .
The company has also carried out a study for ESA that investigated the use of such virtual world / game systems as space simulations for education .
See articles and video below : Moon Tycoon Simulator
Experience virtual lunar reality at this new 3D Sim / Strategy Game for the PC / CDROM .
Download demo . “ .
Players can build and manage their own 3 - D lunar colony , controlling all aspects of colony life – from building colonies and creating industries , to trading with Earth and alien races . ” .
“.. includes a game tutorial , an open - ended “ sandbox ” mode and 3 exciting campaigns with 30 challenging missions .
The game features more than 60 3 - D buildings including Spaceports , Lunar Golf , Military Bases , Nuclear Power Reactors and much more – there ’s something for everyone !
Players can manage 4 customizable industries ( mining , manufacturing , research and tourism ) to create their own unique playing experience .
16 devastating disasters keep players on their toes , including Asteroids , Moonquakes , Meteor Showers , and much more ! ” .
The MOON Project – Benjamin J. Britton
Unfortunately , this site disappeared from the net .
The ambitious project used VRML to provide a simulated experience of lunar exploration : “ The MOON Project is a full - screen , immersive mutual reality Internet DVD made on the event of the 30th Anniversary of Humankind ’s First Manned Moon Landing .
The purpose of the MOON project is to bring viewers into personal contact with humanity ’s cultural tradition through participation in the exploration of the Moon .
As an historical source document and as an artistic interpretation of cultural context , the MOON project is made to connect viewers in our collective global culture . ” – MOON project homepage .
“ Vision Videogames ’s initial efforts have landed it a Space Act Agreement contract with none other than The National Aeronautic and Space Administration ( NASA ) in a cooperative effort to develop its first PS2 based video game .
This game will create in millions of young people a sense of ownership in the worldwide effort to explore space and improve life on Earth . ” – About Vision Videogames A description of the ISS simulation is at SpaceStationSIM .
In the fall of 2004 they announced that they would like volunteers to beta test the program : SpaceStationSIM Game Tester Application .
DigitalSpace Commons
This company develops sophisticated 3D modelling and simulation tools and applications .
Many of their projects are space related .
Games Join Space Race – Wired – Feb.3.05
SimEVA , Extravehicular Activity Training Simulator for International Space Station Astronauts
Concepts for Lunar Exploration Staging Rack A Multi-Function “ Service Station ” for Lunar Telerobotic Base Preparation
3D Visualization Environments showing Lunar Bases and Habitats
“ Service Station ” for Lunar Telerobotic Base Preparation
Drive On Mars : with 3D environments from Digital Space
View Movies of the Drive On Mars 3D Real - Time Simulations
Despite whatever verbal signs of support central banks may be giving the dollar , they 're in fact fleeing it .
In the second quarter of 2009 , central banks put 63 % of their new reserves in euros and yen .
This is a huge change from past amounts .
Bloomberg :
The dollar ’s 37 percent share of new reserves fell from about a 63 percent average since 1999 .
Englander concluded in a report that the trend “ accelerated ” in the third quarter .
He said in an interview that “ for the next couple of months , the forces are still in place ” for continued diversification .
Read the whole thing >
A HIGH Court judge has said he is dealing “ on a daily basis ” with cases illustrating falls in property values of between 70 - 80 per cent .
Mr Justice Peter Kelly , who manages the list of the Commercial Court , the big- business division of the High Court , made the comment yesterday when dealing with a list involving some 70 commercial cases , including 18 new cases seeking admission to the court .
Many of the cases before the court relate to alleged failures to repay loans secured on properties bought at the height of the property boom .
One case admitted to the court in recent weeks involves the EBS seeking repayment of a € 19.5 million loan made in June 2007 in circumstances where , it alleged , it had procured a valuation of some € 6 million last June on the lands in Kilcock , Co Kildare , on which that loan was secured .
In another recent case , in a decision placing an € 11.1 million value on lands in Kilbride which were subject of a purchase contract for € 6 million in August 2007 , the judge assessed damages of € 4.9 million were due to the plaintiffs over breaches of the terms of settlement of an action brought over failure to perform that contract .
Yesterday , the judge ’s remark was made when he was dealing with an application to admit to the court proceedings by ACCBank against five men in which the bank wants summary judgment orders totalling some € 5.5 million over alleged unpaid loans made in 2005 to Westhatch Ltd , Woodford Bar , Paul Street , Cork .
ACC ’s action is against Francis O’Callaghan and John O’Callaghan , both of Castletownkenneigh , Enniskeane , Co Cork , from whom some € 1.54 million and € 1.26 million is sought respectively ; Tadhg O’Callaghan , Killowen , Nohoval , Co Cork , alleged to owe €334,000 ; Michael O’Riordan , Castleisland , Co Kerry , who is being pursued for € 183,000 ; and Niall O’Callaghan , Gortroe , Dunmanway , Co Cork , said to owe more than € 1.54 million .
The bank appointed a receiver over the Westhatch company last December and claims the defendants ’ liabilities for various sums arise from guarantees and indemnities provided by them .
When Mr Justice Kelly asked counsel for the defendants to indicate if they had a defence , counsel said he needed to take specific instructions but believed two issues arose , the first relating to the purpose to which the loan monies were put , and the second as to valuations of the property .
Counsel said the company was to get an independent valuation for the property but the bank had obtained a valuation where the value had “ jumped ” to € 6 million .
The receiver over the company was trying to sell it and was seeking tenders for some € 2 million .
Counsel said a defence may arise in that the property was “ greatly overvalued ” and the loan monies were not used for the purpose stated in the loan documents .
He said the loan monies were advanced to refinance an existing loan with ACC and to repay directors ’ loans , but some monies went to buy a director ’s shares and the bank was aware of that .
Caroline Costello , for ACC , said she had to take instructions about these matters but , under law , company directors were bound by decisions taken by their company .
Both the bank and company directors would have confirmed the valuation report , she added .
The judge said property values appeared 70 - 80 per cent less than they were .
“ I see that every day of the week here , ” he said .
Remarking the suggested defence appeared “ very thin ” , he adjourned the case to Friday .
There have been plenty of wicked cool spaceships throughout the history of cinema .
Ever since Georges Méliès took A Trip to the Moon back in 1902 , filmmakers from across the globe have explored far away galaxies and solar systems with all matter of cleverly contrived craft .
For the purposes of this list , we have elected to leave out a few of the more famous fictional ships .
The Enterprise , Bird of Prey , Nostromo , Discovery One , Mothership and Millennium Falcon always dominate the conversation because they are superbad in every way .
Rather than recycle these classics , we ’re gonna call attention to some other badass candidates worthy of discussion .
10 ) Icarus II – Sunshine
Any ship that straps a megaton stellar bomb to its nose with the intent of reigniting the dying sun deserves a place in the badass hall of fame .
This underrated flick is all the more impressive when you consider it was directed by the same guy responsible for Trainspotting and Slumdog Millionaire .
9 ) Event Horizon – Event Horizon
Haunted spaceships are downright freaky .
None more so than the Event Horizon , which took a trip to a chaos dimension and returned with the ability to prey upon human ’s greatest fears .
This damn thing just looks evil .
8 ) Nebuchadnezzar – The Matrix Trilogy
If not for this post - apocalyptic hovercraft , Morpheus , Neo , Trinity and the rest would have been Sentinel fodder .
Activate its EMP and watch artificially intelligent machines fry .
The name alone screams badass .
7 ) Jupiter II – Lost in Space
Okay , the film is n’t anything to get excited about , but the Jupiter II is one badass machine .
It hyperdrives through the sun for Pete ’s sake .
Is it realistic ?
No .
But it ’s still pretty effing cool .
The original from the TV show is an all - time classic .
6 ) Valkyrie – Titan A.E .
The “ Titan ” gets all the love , but the Valkyrie is the standout ship in this animated space odyssey .
It ’s fast , durable and is crewed by a mishmash of humans and aliens .
You can forget about the formation of a new Earth without the Valkyrie repeatedly saving the day .
5 ) Spinner Car – Blade Runner
Technically , this is n’t really a spaceship , but any machine capable of flying above the skyscrapers of 2019 Los Angeles is too cool not to mention .
Watching a Spinner take flight is still a sight to behold .
If only Honda could figure out how to mass produce these babies .
4 ) Gunstar – The Last Starfighter
When saving a planet in another galaxy you need a badass gunship to kick alien ass .
The Gunstar fits the bill .
Even if the pilot is a trailer park handyman recruited because he spends all his spare time feeding quarters into a video game .
3 ) Hunter - Killer – Terminator Franchise
Can you get a more ominous name than Hunter - Killer ?
When the machines became aware , they did n’t screw around devising the perfect ship to annihilate humanity .
Even the distinct whine of its engines is scary .
2 ) Slave - I – Star Wars Universe
Jango and Boba Fett ’s home away from home is what you would expect a bounty hunter to fly .
It ’s sleek , intimidating and loaded with firepower .
Of all the sweet ships imagined by Lucas , Slave - I is the badass of the bunch .
1 ) Serenity – Serenity
The Firefly class was made for smuggling , bootlegging and dodging the Alliance .
Captain Mal Reynolds and his ragtag crew of outlaws escaped many a sticky situation thanks to Serenity .
Although temperamental , Serenity stepped up her game when the stakes were high .
It defines badass like few others .
MIANPOSHTEH , Afghanistan —
For seven hours , the Marine sniper team waited , crouching behind a concrete block in a dusty courtyard , at the edge of an adobe compound .
They were pretty sure that a group of local Taliban militants was on the other side of the compound wall .
But the snipers could n't strike until they had some proof .
So they stayed there , in silence .
They downed energy drinks to stay awake .
They urinated in bottles and defecated in bags , so they would n't leave evidence of their presence behind .
Team leader Sgt. Erik
Rue kept himself sharp by running scenarios in his head of what could happen next :
What if the Taliban burst in , guns blazing ?
What if they enter unarmed ?
What if there are children in the way ?
What if the courtyard is overrun by the militants ?
Where do we go then ?
U.S. Marines and Taliban guerrillas have battled in the villages and compounds of this farming community nearly every day for eight weeks .
It 's become one of the epicenters of America 's renewed war effort in Afghanistan .
But during most of those shootouts , the two sides have been hundreds , even thousands , of feet apart .
On Tuesday , they fought at point - blank range .
And despite all those hours of what - ifs , Rue and his team could n't have predicted how this gunfight would play out .
By the time it was over , at least two men were dead .
Another took a bullet to the chest but escaped unharmed .
And another had his gun shot out of his hands .
Four more survived what should have been a lethal bomb blast .
" It was a fuckin ' pretty eventful day , to say the least , " Rue says .
After waiting for so long , the sniper team decided to try something new to flush out their targets .
Rue – a smallish , slight military brat with a clean - shaven head and world - weary brown eyes – whispered into his radio to his headquarters , about a mile away .
Bring some helicopters overhead , he said , and make a low pass .
The guys over the compound wall might start shooting at the helos .
And then we 'll have proof of their hostile intent .
The helicopters — already circling over another group of Marines engaged in a firefight — began to swoop in towards the snipers ' position .
They made their pass .
But the men on the other side of the wall did n't take the bait .
If they had guns , they did n't bother shooting them at the Cobra gunship and the Huey attack chopper .
Staff Sgt. Doug Webb was getting sick of waiting .
The tattooed , twitchy Long Island , New York , native wanted to figure out if these guys were Taliban or not .
Right now .
He scooted into a small room , adjacent to the courtyard .
On the western wall of the room , at floor level , was a yard - wide " mousehole . "
Webb lay his chest on the floor , and stuck his face in the hole .
At first , all he could see were ankles and feet .
All he could hear were four male voices , speaking Pashto .
Then he recognized a single word : " Taliban . "
Webb looked up , and saw that one of the men had a vest packed with ammunition .
And an AK - 47 .
Webb came back into the courtyard — and almost got shot himself .
He surprised his teammate , Sgt. Nick Worth , who drew a pistol on him .
" Whoa ! "
Webb whispered .
Worth returned the gun to its holster .
" Man , I just saw a guy with an old - school mujahideen chest rig and a weapon , " Webb whispered excitedly .
But the guy — and his three pals — appeared to be walking away from the snipers on a north - south trail , at the compound 's edge .
If the snipers were going to attack , they had to do it right away ,
" Fuck it .
Now or never , " Rue said .
He sent three snipers to the roof , and ran out of the courtyard with three others : Sgt. Ryan Steinbacker , Cpl. Fred Gardner , and Worth .
They entered an east - west alleyway , perpendicular to the trail that Webb had spied through his mousehole .
They reached the intersection , and saw one man in the distance to their left .
Luckily , he did n't see them in the alleyway .
Then , a second man , wearing brown tunic and a black hat , turned the corner .
He was maybe five feet from the snipers .
His eyes widened with surprise .
" I gave him half a second .
He swung around his AK , " said Worth , who was carrying a Benelli 1014 shotgun .
" Then I put four buckshot rounds in his chest . "
Rue added a few more shots .
The man crumpled to the ground .
A third man in a white robe was in the distance , about 150 feet to the north .
He raised his AK - 47 and fired at the snipers .
Steinbacker dropped to one knee and shot the man with his M4 .
He dropped .
Almost immediately , a barrage of bullets came flying in directly at the snipers , from the cornfields in the west and from the trees to the east .
Clearly , there were more than four militants on the area .
Many , many more .
And some of them could shoot .
Lance Cpl. Justin Kuhel , positioned on the roof , had the M203 grenade launcher blasted out of his hand .
Lance Cpl. Justin Black , next to him , took a shot in the center of his chest .
It spun him around .
He collapsed on his forearms .
" It felt like I got hit with a hammer , " Black says .
He reached his hand underneath his armor plates .
Luckily , there was no blood .
But Black was clearly in trouble .
" After I got hit , I 'm laying there .
And I saw rounds hit right in front of me .
I thought , ' Man , this might be it . ' "
It was another now - or - never point for the Marines .
The fire from the corn was about to separate the sniper groups from one another – and make them much easier to pick off .
" Pull back !
Pull back ! "
Rue yelled .
They ran back to the courtyard , and took up guarding positions at the entrances .
" Hey , are you all right ?
Are you all right ? " the snipers asked each other .
They gawked at Black 's perforated chest plate , and wondered how the hell he was still alive .
The snipers knew he was n't the only lucky one ; that storm of lead from the cornfield could 've killed any of them .
" I felt invincible until then , " Black says .
" Then it 's , ' Aw , fuck .
I can get shot . ' "
The gunshots died down , for a minute .
Rue 's mind turned to those two Taliban bodies , outside on the trail .
American forces could glean valuable information from their weapons , their documents , their radios , their fingerprints .
But the Taliban were famous for removing their dead almost instantly .
Once again , it was now - or - never time .
Rue and Webb went out to get the bodies .
The Marines grabbed the first dead militant by the ankles , and dragged it back into the courtyard .
He had his AK - 47 still slung across his chest , and a rice bag , filled with ammunition .
Again , the Marines took fire from at least two different positions in the corn .
Again , the fire died down .
It was time to make a run for the second body .
They hurled themselves into the alleyway , and made a right on the trail .
Ordinarily , Marines here have avoided these obvious footpaths ; local militants have turned the trails into death traps , filled with improvised explosive devices , or IEDs .
But there was no time to cut through the fields .
As they moved , Webb noticed a purple sack .
" I bet this guy left us a little present , " he thought .
" That 's probably a bomb . "
That 's when the thing exploded .
A thunderous boom rang out .
A cloud of dirt engulfed the snipers .
Webb fell forward .
" I saw a white flash and stars , like I got hit in the face , " he says .
Days later , he 's complaining of memory losses .
Webb and several other members of the team have been diagnosed with concussions .
But somehow , none of them were seriously hurt .
" That 's fucking it !
Everyone back inside ! "
Rue shouted .
In a daze , they stumbled back to the courtyard .
Not long after , a handful of infantrymen from a Marine platoon wandered into the compound .
They were later joined by the rest of their squad , and a second unit from nearby Echo company .
The firefight continued .
But now it was the Taliban who were outgunned .
The Cobra and the Huey blasted thousands of rounds into the treelines and buildings that the militants were using as firing positions .
That allowed the sniper team a chance to exit the battle , nearly 12 hours after they had first slipped into that courtyard .
Scampering along the side of a canal , they walked out as they entered — in silence .
Rue , for one , is still surprised they made it all back intact .
" Being that close to the IED blast and everyone walking away – that 's a miracle , " he says .
" Receiving such heavy fire down an exit point without getting shot — that 's a miracle .
And two guys getting shot and not getting hurt .
That 's in the category of a miracle , too . "
Echo company and the Taliban are still battling around those compounds , more than 36 hours after the sniper team 's initial attack .
But the conflict has returned to its normal routine .
The two sides are back to firing at each other from hundreds of yards away , not right up - close .
And the sniper team has been confined to base to recover from that harrowing morning .
Photos by Noah Shachtman/Wired.com
See Also :
" The Palestine Chronicle is a beacon .
History , witness , analysis and ways forward are here , written with authority and humanity .
Long may it publish . " -- JOHN PILGER .
%7 Funded $ 12,000 180 kontaktóra Raised Days to Go 38 Sponsors
5080 posten , 29 .
september 1759
Fut og fogd banket op .
I gaar aftes ved skumringstid havde der samlet sig nogle skuelystne paa torvet i Christiania , Christiania Amt .
De var alle med store forhaabninger om at faa muliged til at bivaane en hendrædelse af en vaskækte fant !
Fanten havde opført sig som en taape ved optil flere anledninger , og naa fik nok være nok mente indbyggerne i den lille danske provinsbyen .
– I vaares observerede jeg ham gaaende midt paa lyse dagen , spankulerende i vaare gader , mens han egentlig skulde ha været på arbeide !
Og ikke nok med det , jeg fik et glimt af at han speilede sig i vandtrauet til hæsterne – som en ækte dollefrans fra Paris !
siger en gammel skrukekone med vorte på næsen til den ærværdige 5080 posten .
Selv ikke tukthuset skal ha hjulpet på denne dagdriveren af en lømel .
Med baade futen og fogdens fuldmakt paagrep den rasende moben den jaalete løsgjengerslyngelen , og skulde straks til at hænge ham .
Børnene glædet sig og skafottet ble rengjort med lut og koldt vand .
Naa manglede kun tilladelse fra selveste Hans Majestet Kongen , som sig hør og bør .
Da sændenbudet endeligt kom fra den store hovedstad , blev imidlertid den haapefulde mob kraftig forsmaad : I brevet kunde man læse disse forskrækkende ord : « Hæng ham ikke , vent til jeg kommer » .
Det brøt sporenstræks ud haandgemeng og generel opvilgerskhed .
En mand mistede fortstanden og begynte at mæle som et muldyr .
En smed grep sin groveste slæge og slo ihjel sine børn .
Som vanligt rætede så den rasende mobben sig mod futen og fogden og bankede dem op .
Naa viser det sig imidlertid at kongens sorenskriver havde plasert comma paa feil plass , og at kongen faktisk gav klarsignal til at hænge døgenikten .
En gul og blaa fogd , der var nesten ikke til at kjende igjen , gir fremtidens lærere følgende opfordring :
– Brug denne sag , som et eksempel til skræk og advarsel i undervisningen , slik at denne hendelse aldrig bliver gjentatt .
Det gjør saa skrækelig vondt i mit legeme .
Well , as I did n't have a lot of other things weighing on me today , I created a Django implementation of the extdirect package I released earlier today .
It 's slightly more involved to set up , probably due to my not knowing Django nearly as well as Zope ( suggestions welcome , Django enthusiasts ) , but after the initial setup writing the router classes is just as easy .
Here 's how to do it .
Add ' extdirect.django ' to INSTALLED_APPS in settings.py .
This of course assumes you have extdirect installed .
In views .py , define your router class and register it :
from extdirect.django import DirectRouter , register_router class MyRouter ( DirectRouter ) : def uppercase ( self , word ) : return word.upper ( ) def lowercase ( self , word ) : return word.lower ( ) register_router ( MyRouter , ' Remote ' )
The arguments to register_router are the router class , the client - side
namespace , and an optional url under / extdirect at which the router should be
available ( defaults to the name of the class ) .
In the __init__.py of your app , add :
import views
This is so that the router classes will be registered on startup ; it should
have no other effect .
In the root URLconf , map the extdirect urls by adding :
( r'^extdirect / ' , include ( ' extdirect.django.urls ' ) )
In your template , load the provider definitions :
{ % load direct_providers %} { % direct_providers %}
If you do n't have Ext on the page already , you can write a stripped - down
version directly to the page by adding + direct.js to the template tag :
{ % direct_providers +direct.js %}
That 's it .
You should now have access on that template to the remote
methods :
Remote.MyRouter.uppercase( {word :'a word'} , callback ) ;
register_router
After that , as long as you put your router classes in views .py and register them with , everything should be available in the client automatically .
Neat , no ?
If any Djangoers out there know how to do this more elegantly ( in particular , some way to obviate the need to import views in __init__.py would be nice ) please let me know .
For now , though , I think it 's pretty useful .
EDINBURGH , Scotland , Jan. 1 ( UPI ) --
A man who dressed as the Norse god Thor for a costume party in Scotland said he returned home and scared off a burglar who had entered his house .
Torvald Alexander , 38 , a construction firm manager who stands at 6 feet tall , said he ran after the burglar with his red cape and silver - winged helmet still in place , making for an intimidating sight , The Daily Telegraph reported Thursday .
Advertisement
" As soon as he saw me his eyes went wide with terror , " Alexander said of the burglar .
" He looked like he had had a few drinks and decided to do a late night break in , but he had n't counted on the God of Thunder living here . "
" I had just got back from a fancy dress New Year 's party and because I have a Norwegian name I decided to go as Thor , " he said .
Alexander said the burglar did not have time to steal anything from the house and fled from a ground floor window without his shoes .
He said the shoes will be turned over to police to help them attempt to identify a suspect .
British Airways said seat charges will give customers " more control " British Airways passengers will have to pay to choose their seats before they travel from October , the airline says .
The charges will affect those seeking to ensure they sit together on a flight and people with a preference for window , aisle or emergency exit seats .
Prices range from £ 10 per person for European economy flights , to £ 60 for long haul trips in business class .
Consumer group
Which ?
said it was " disappointing to see British Airways jumping on the bandwagon " .
BA said it would " give customers more control over their seating options " .
The new charges will come into force on 7 October .
' Extra charges '
The airline currently allows passengers to reserve seats in the 24 hours prior to departure .
We know from our members that people really do n't like these extra charges - they 'd much rather see a headline price that includes everything
Which ?
Holiday
The new charge - aimed at passengers wanting to reserve seats earlier than this - will be £ 20 on long - haul economy or short flights in business class , while a seat in an emergency exit row will cost £ 50 .
This can be booked between 10 and four days before take - off .
A BA spokeswoman said : " Customers frequently request specific seats , but in the past we 've only been able to confirm them 24 hours in advance or on the day .
" We know people want to secure them in advance and have real control over their flying experience .
This will allow them to do that . "
Rochelle Turner , head of research at Which ?
Holiday , said travellers had become used to budget airlines charging them for a service that used to be included in the " headline price " .
" We know from our members that people really do n't like these extra charges - they 'd much rather see a headline price that includes everything , " she said .
" BA is still giving some people the chance to reserve their seat for free in the 24 hours before departure , but if you are n't quick enough off the mark , you could find yourself sitting on the other side of the plane from your family or partner .
" It 's no way to start a holiday . "
The move comes as the airline attempts to bolster its balance sheet after a £ 401 m loss in the last financial year .
And it follows BA 's decision to cut luggage allowances and abolish free meals on short flights .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
As a young woman , many people would think that I have not yet lived long enough to experience life .
I am a month shy of my 24th birthday and already I have accomplished and experienced more things than many women twice my age .
I have graduated high school , been married , had a child , owned my own business , been divorced , owned a home , found my “ soul mate ” and had another child .
I ’ve had many people tell me that I am divorced today because I was
married too young .
I was 18 when I got married to my ex-husband .
I was 19 when I had my first child , but I believe strongly that maturity has much more to do with your advancement in life than age .
Luckily for me , I was raised to be independent .
I ’ve never depended on anyone to take care of me .
Of course I had help from my parents , especially while going through my divorce .
They were my support .
They gave me and my son a place to live and helped me get back on my feet .
But me being the independent “ femi- nazi ” as my dad would put it , was back on my own in a short 6 months .
I had bought my own home before my divorce was even final .
I think I knew before we were married , that we would not work together .
He came from a “ high class ” family and never had to do without .
I came from a middle class family that worked every day of their lives to get what they had .
These teachings followed us for years to come .
He thought money grew on trees , while I was “ frugal ” .
Probably more than I had to be .
The statistics say that the main reason for divorce is financial difficulties .
I guess I ’m just another statistic .
After my divorce , I decided to be the best person I could be .
I made the choice the day I left , that I would never rely on my ex for financial support .
I work very hard to do what I need to for my family .
I ’ve made great strides to become a better person and better mother , because of my ex-husband .
About 6 months after our separation , I met someone , who is now the love of my life .
He went through a divorce around the same time I did .
He also has a son a few months older than my own .
We are “ peas in a pod ” .
Life does get better after divorce !
And if you try hard enough , it will be better than you could have imagined .
There was a period of time after the initial split that I thought my life would never get better , that I would never make it on my own .
I was wrong .
I thought up this quote one day , shortly after my separation , and have lived by it ever since .
“ Good things do n’t happen to people .
People make good things happen . ”
Every time I am down and think the world is against me , I recite this line in my
head and realize that I have to make the difference .
I have to make the extra effort to make my life the way I want it to be .
I am now a full time working mother .
I am the breadwinner of my now
“ blended ” family .
As much as I would love to be a stay at home mom , I
ca n’t bring myself to depend on someone else for financial stability .
I live with , but am not married to , a man that I truly love .
We recently added a beautiful baby boy to our growing family .
I have never in my life been happier than I am today .
Together , we have 3 wonderful little boys and a relationship that anyone should be jealous of .
I ca n’t say that I ’m happy that I am 24 years old and divorced , but I am grateful that there was light at the end of that dark tunnel , and a better world on the other side .
I kept my head up , kept myself strong and looked for a positive outcome .
A positive outcome is exactly what I got !
" If you all attack on different fronts we 'll never get anywhere , " said David Dimbleby towards the end of the most - watched edition of Question Time for many years .
He 's said that sort of thing many times , of course , but it 's never before had the flavour of a tactical suggestion .
After 30 minutes of singularly concentrated fire – almost everyone present directing their contempt at just one of the politicians present – this unique political consensus was briefly broken up over a question on Labour immigration policy .
But it was n't long before Griffin was under attack again – everyone present conspicuously aware that the following day they would be asked " what did you do in the war " .
And if you want a crude bottom line on victory and defeat you 'd have to say that the principle of free speech had just about managed to stay upright while Mr Griffin had retired wounded .
Was it an early Christmas present for the BNP , an audience member asked finally , as Peter Hain had charged ?
If it was it was one of those presents that requires you to adopt a fixed and unconvincing grin , and which falls apart in your hands even as the wrapping is coming off .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
You can tell all you need to know about the BNP leader from the language he uses when he 's talking in private .
Addressing " fellow British patriots " on the BNP website earlier he'd talked of this programme as a " milestone in the indomitable march of the BNP towards saving our country " .
In his boast that it would be " the key moment that propels the BNP into the big time " and his accompanying promise to " take on the corrupt , treacherous swine destroying our beautiful island nation " you could hear the authentic voice of a narrow mind craving a wider platform .
But that was never going to be the voice he would use on air .
No talk of swine here , only the careful emollience of a man hoping to present himself as far more reasonable than anyone could have expected .
Jack Straw accused him of being " the Dr Strangelove of British politics " .
What Griffin was aiming for , though , was to present himself as the Blair of bigotry , a reformer not afraid to pry his party apart from its cherished paranoia to something like popular common sense .
The challenge for the panellists was to pry this limpet of strategic blandness from the rock and expose the unsightly muscle beneath – something achieved with only variable success .
It was n't for want of trying .
Everyone had come armed with the kind of quotations and associations Griffin does n't care to have repeated – the platform appearances with Colonel Muammar Gaddafi and Abu Hamza , the embarrassing remarks about the Holocaust and racial purity .
Griffin was often feeble in self - exculpation : " I do not have a conviction for Holocaust denial " is n't exactly an indignant repudiation of the charge .
But such was the crush to pile in on Griffin that a more forensic dissection of his inconsistencies fell by the wayside in the interests of public avowals of disgust .
" Skin colour 's irrelevant , Jack " , he said at one point , eliciting a startled moo from the audience .
But there was no follow up on why this notional irrelevance should play such a large part in Mr Griffin 's notion of Britishness .
And when he obligingly told an Asian member of the audience that he was welcome to stay in the BNP 's brave new Britain , should it ever come to pass , he was n't pressed on whether he'd also be allowed to marry who he chose .
Curiously , it was the sole question that was n't about the BNP that offered the best line of defence for the BBC – not at its most coherent in the past few days , but perhaps hoping now that the worst is over .
The only person in Britain who may have a claim to being less popular than Mr Griffin – the columnist Jan Moir – had prompted a question as to whether the Daily Mail had been right to publish her piece on the death of Stephen Gately .
A gay member of the audience said : " Good on the Daily Mail for publishing it because it showed the British public is n't homophobic and , Mr Griffin , you 're in a minority " .
It was a messy affair – but I think you could say something similar about the near unanimity of the reactions on – and to – this edition of Question Time .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
The FIA has agreed to allow a re-equalisation of engines in Formula 1 next year if teams believe it is necessary , but has said moves will only be done so by pegging back the best power units .
Last year , Renault was allowed to re-tune its engine to help bring its performance up to the level of its rivals - with some manufacturers having benefited from minor tweaking during the engine freeze .
Calls for a further parity re-emerged after the Italian Grand Prix , when many teams believed that Mercedes - Benz had opened up a clear advantage at the front of the field .
Red Bull Racing team principal Christian Horner told AUTOSPORT at Monza : " I think it is something that perhaps needs to be carefully looked at .
" The FIA has all the information they can see where the differences are on , I do n't think it is a coincidence that you have three Mercedes - powered teams that dominated six out of the top seven places in qualifying and looked dominant again here in the race today .
" So , the FIA I am sure , they have all that information to hand , but it is always the danger of a freeze that you can freeze in a competitive advantage . "
Teams are set to discuss the matter soon and the FIA has made it clear that it will allow changes to be made if there is agreement from the outfits .
But parity will not be brought about by bringing the worst power units up to the level of the best .
In a statement issued after the FIA World Motor Sport Council hearing on Monday , the governing body said : " Following suggestions that there is a differential between the performance of engines used in Formula 1 , the World Motor Sport Council has decided that should this be the case , and should the teams wish to eliminate this performance differential , they may be allowed to do so by reducing the performance of the more powerful engines .
However , no engine upgrades will be allowed . "
Should this scenario happen , it could result in Mercedes - Benz being forced to make changes to its engine to bring its performance back down to the level of its rivals - although achieving this will be far from straightforward .
In 1983 , the famous manufacturer of Perrier sparkling water sued a Canadian jokester who had created " Pierre Eh ! " bottles that closely resembled its distinctively shaped green bottles .
The Pierre Eh ! bottles were created to mock Pierre Elliott Trudeau , sold for $ 4 ( as opposed to a real bottle of Perrier , which then cost about a dollar ) , and had a limited potential market .
Nevertheless , Perrier sued for trademark infringement – and won .
Pierre Eh ! had to be abandoned .
As one commentator explained , the courts were " not amused , " refusing to consider humour , parody or political criticism an excuse for trademark infringement .
Fast forward to 2009 , where we now have Wal - Mart seeking an injunction on the same basis , trademark infringement , in an attempt to have a union dismantle its website , walmartworkerscanada.ca .
The order sought by Wal - Mart would require that the union not use the words " Wal - Mart " or " Wal - Mart Workers , " not make fun of the Wal - Mart slogan " Save Money .
Live Better , " not use oval signs similar to Wal - Mart signs , etc .
If successful , the scope of this injunction order could easily have the effect of silencing Wal - Mart 's opponents .
In response , the union is challenging this use of trademark protection by Wal - Mart – as well it should .
In seeking an injunction , Wal - Mart is misusing intellectual property laws .
Trademark and copyright protections exist to prevent commercial free - riders from exploiting the investments that businesses make in their products and marketing .
These protections are not designed to insulate corporations from public criticism .
The union is obviously not trying to pass itself off as a Wal - Mart store ; rather , it is criticizing Wal - Mart 's employment practices .
Trademark and copyright protections should be interpreted to allow exceptions for political speech , parody and satire .
Freedom of expression should permit parodies on political leaders , such as Pierre Eh ! , which is indeed a legal development that has taken place in many other countries .
But trademark and copyright protections should also permit public criticism of corporate actors .
Political speech is not only speech about governmental actions .
At a time when the private sector is under the microscope for having mismanaged risks in the market , citizens should be entitled to express their concerns regarding the ways in which corporate actors behave .
In a neo-liberal economy , corporations are powerful actors .
Wal - Mart , for example , advertises average net sales of $ 100 billion per quarter – which makes it bigger than many governments .
It makes no sense that citizens would be allowed to criticize fully their municipal , provincial and national leaders , using parody and humour , but be prevented from using humour to oppose Wal - Mart 's practices .
As with any powerful corporate citizen or public figure , Wal - Mart has to accept that with fame comes criticism .
A responsible corporate citizen does not seek to silence its critics , but to engage in the debate .
It is time for our law to recognize and interpret trademark and copyright protection in light of the Charter guarantees of freedom of expression , and to allow exceptions for parody and political speech .
The Wal - Mart case provides an opportunity for the courts to advance the law in that direction and balance commercial protection with free expression .
Ultimately , the federal government must also review its legislation and clearly protect parody , satire and political speech .
The review of the Copyright Act announced for this fall represents such an occasion , and , along with other intervenors , the Canadian Civil Liberties Association will be pushing for modifications to the Copyright Act consistent with our evolving understanding of freedom of expression .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
The federal government has recently unveiled the Investigative Powers for the 21st Century bill .
It is time , however , that it propose A Freedom of Expression for the 21st Century agenda , and provide protection for individuals who want to criticize not only governments , but also the corporate actors who shape their environment and society .
Nothing less is required in a country committed to free expression .
In his books , conservative author Bernard Goldberg rails against left - wing bias in U.S. media .
But , as evidenced by a recent appearance on Fox News , he ’s still got an eye for overt right - wing slant .
Speaking to Fox editorialist Bill O’Reilly on Tuesday night , Goldberg slammed the network ’s “ cheerleading ” of tea party protests and expressed opposition to those who pretend to be journalists while twisting facts to promote their opinions .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ There are some programs on Fox that are not only not ‘ Fair and Balanced ’ — they ’re commentary shows , they do n’t have to be — but they brag about how ‘ Fair and Balanced ’ they are , ” Goldberg said .
“ They do n’t cover rallies and tea parties , they cheerlead for rallies and tea parties .
And as a journalist , I am totally against that . ”
O’Reilly responded by equating pervasive Fox News bias with newspapers ’ editorial pages , usually a properly labeled , set - aside portion of the paper devoted exclusively to opinion .
“ What ’s the difference ? ” he demanded of his guest .
“ Come on , it ’s a big question , Bernie !
What ’s the difference ? ”
“ Do n’t pretend that you ’re objective — and I do n’t mean you , I mean others on this network , ” Goldberg replied .
“ Do n’t go on the air and say these tea parties are a cross section of America .
They are not a cross section …
Do n’t pretend to be a journalist if you ’re not a journalist . ”
While O’Reilly seemed indignant at Goldberg ’s criticism of his host network ’s practices , he concluded at the end of the segment , “ That ’s legitimate and should be criticized . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from Fox News ’ O’Reilly Factor , broadcast Sept. 29 , 2009 .
Everyone who is anyone on Wall Street has at some point used the Goldman 360 portal whether for research , news , keeping a track of prime brokerage portfolio or , disturbingly , for trading , via the REDI Plus 9.0 platform ( now loaded with enhanced algo trading features to make life for you , dear soon to be frontran Goldman client , so much easier ) .
A second widely accepted Wall Street concept is that a disclaimer is the last thing that anyone reads , if ever .
Yet after taking a close look at the Goldman disclaimer for the 360 portal , which is an umbrella waiver or all downstream websites , including REDI , one discovers the following gem :
Monitoring by GS : Your use of the products and services on this Web site may be monitored by GS , and that the resultant information may be used by GS for its internal business purposes or in accordance with the rules of any applicable regulatory or self - regulatory organization .
One second : by using Goldman 360 a client voluntarily allows Goldman to provide keystroke by keystroke data of everything the client does , even if that includes launching trades via REDI , to Goldman for the internal business purposes ?
The third thing everyone on Wall Street agrees on is that " internal business purposes " usually ( and in Goldman 's case , almost exclusively ) means proprietary trading .
Are Goldman 360 clients ( in ) voluntarily signing off a release to be front ran by Goldman on any portal - based trade ?
Could Goldman please clarify just what " internal business purposes " means in the context of this overarching disclaimer , and also whether Goldman has ever actually used 360 submitted information in the decision making process of its prop trading desk ?
Lucas Van Pragg : the floor is yours .
Update : several readers have presented some other Goldman Sachs and Spear , Leeds and Kellogg form documents that contain an even more crypitc warning in section 4 ( f ) in Use Of Services :
You acknowledge that we may monitor your use of the Services for our own purposes ( and not for your benefit ) .
We may use the resulting information for internal business purposes or in accordance with the rules of any applicable regulatory or self - regulatory body and in compliance with applicable law and regulation .
NOT FOR YOUR BENEFIT ?
I mean , come on , how more clearer does it need to get .
hat tip Greg and Richard
An artist ’s impression of the rocky exoplanet Kepler - 186f , which is one of the most promising candidates for a planet could potentially be habitable , but how similar or different does it have to be compared to Earth to be able to support life ?
Image credit : NASA / Ames / SETI Institute / JPL–Caltech .
Three billion years ago , Earth was a very different place .
The sun that shone on its oceans and continents was not as bright as it is today , and rather than the oxygen - rich atmosphere humans need to survive , methane played a much bigger role in the gas layer that encased our young planet .
Despite their differences , this early Earth and our current one have something important in common : they could both support life .
For much of its existence , Earth has been inhabited .
But if researchers remotely analyzed the atmosphere of that young Earth , they might have missed the evidence for life ...
Read More
There 's no shortage of wingnuts out there , so why would George Stephanopoulos invite on someone too crazy for even Bill O'Reilly ?
Only people with a Malkin brain would believe and push across the notion that Americans would rather collect three hundred dollars a week on unemployment insurance rather than get a job that supplies benefits and pays a salary .
Yea , because there are so many jobs available , people will just wait until the insurance ends and then immediately get hired .
I 'm sorry , where are all these jobs again ?
On ABC's THIS WEEK Malkin made this bogus claim .
A quick Google search uncovers that when Michelle claims Larry Katz once said that the benefits could discourage people from seeking employment , Katz actually said just the opposite during our current financial mess :
Traditionally , many economists have been leery of prolonged unemployment benefits because they can reduce the incentive to seek work .
But that should not be a concern now because jobs remain so scarce , said Lawrence Katz , a labor economist at Harvard .
For every job that becomes available , about six people are looking , Dr. Katz said .
“ Unemployment insurance gives income to families who are really suffering and can’t find work even if they are hustling to look , ” he said .
With the economy still listing , he added , a temporary extension can provide a quick fiscal stimulus .
And , Dr. Katz said , when people exhaust unemployment and health insurance , many end up applying for disability benefits , which become a large , unending drain on the Treasury .
It does help to fact check what conservatives say .
Malkin :
If you put enough government cheese in front of people they are just going to keep eating it and you 're just kicking the can down the road and just to hammer this point about the unemployment benefits extension again it was Larry Katz , who 's a chief labor economist under the Clinton labor department who came out with a study and there are a lot of these economists who say this that if you keep extending these " temporary " unemployment benefits you 're just going to extend joblessness even more .
Stephanopoulos : I do n't know if I follow that though Malkin : That was a Clinton economist who said it George ...
Stephanopoulos : Choosing to take the unemployment benefits when a job is available ?
Malkin : Seventy nine weeks already and then they 're going to extend it by another thirteen weeks and what happens is according to these economist who have seen it including this Clinton economist is that people will just delay getting a job until the three weeks before the benefits run out .
Tucker :
Well , that might be true when there are jobs out there that are available , but there are very few jobs available at the moment so I do n't think people are using that unemployment benefit to be lazy instead of going out and searching for jobs ...
Malkin : I 'm not making a moral judgment , it 's an incentive problem .
Tucker :
But when businesses advertise the few job openings they have , they 'll advertise twenty openings , they have six thousand applicants so I do n't think that 's the problem ...
Hunt : If Starbucks were hiring , suddenly you 'll see lines around the block .
Anecdotally George , I have a kid who has some friends from college and many of them do n't have jobs and boy , they are looking .
Stephanopoulos :
And there are other states especially that are hard hit .
I know she probably worked on her government cheese talking point for a while , but it makes no sense except if we 've all turned into little mouses now .
With unemployment so high , where are the jobs that people are not bothering to take that bears any of this out ?
There 's good money to be made in wingnutland , so she can attack Americans just trying to stay afloat by receiving unemployment compensation .
I never realized how wonderful not having a job is .
The NY Times :
Unemployment insurance is a lifeline for 9 million Americans , with payments averaging just more than $ 300 per week , varying by state and work history .
While many recipients find new jobs before exhausting their benefits , large numbers in the current recession have been unable to find work for a year or more .
Calls are rising for Congress to pass another extension this fall , possibly adding 13 more weeks of coverage in states that have especially high unemployment .
As of June , the national jobless rate was 9.5 percent ; it was 15.2 percent in Michigan .
Even if the recession begins to ease , economists say , jobs will remain scarce for some time to come .
" If more help is not on the way , by September a huge wave of workers will start running out of their critical extended benefits , and many will have nothing left to get by on even as work keeps getting harder to find , " said Maurice Emsellem , a policy director of the employment law project .
The Huffington Post adds :
Experience Counts !
The Law Office of John Bosco , PLLC has the " know how " to find satisfactory solutions to your legal problems .
Our " know how " comes from experience .
We have handled accident cases for more than three decades .
In the course of these many years , we have learned the answers to your legal questions .
Call us at 718-273-4046 in New York and 732-39BOSCO in New Jersey for a free consultation about your accident case .
Get the benefit of our experience .
We are the eye of the storm !
We invite you to take shelter with us .
Who We Represent .
In this world , there are those who inflict injury and those who suffer injury .
We do not represent those who inflict injury .
We represent those who suffer injury .
Our job is to restore the balance of justice when it is upset by the negligent infliction of injury , pain , suffering , disability , economic loss and death .
We are in the Justice Business .
The balance of justice is far from people 's minds - until a tragedy happens that upsets it to their detriment .
Feeling the sting of an injustice is the only sure way to get people to pay attention to the question of how justice gets done .
To put it crudely : until you get skunked , justice is irrelevant .
Justice , however , is not irrelevant to us .
We are in the justice business .
As trial lawyers , we are guardians of the balance of justice .
The Remedy FoR Injustice
What is the remedy when the negligent infliction of personal injury knocks the scales of justice out of balance ?
How is the balance restored ?
Retaliation :
Two wrongs make things right
When we were barbarians , balance was restored by retaliation - an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth .
You hurt me ; I hurt you .
One evil was exchanged for another evil .
Two wrongs make things right .
The Principle of Proportionality
Notice that the injunction , " an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth " places a limit on retaliation .
Retaliation must be proportional to the evil inflicted .
Not less than an eye but not more than an eye .
Not less than a tooth but not more than a tooth .
Retaliation comes into disfavor as a remedy FOR Injustice
As we matured and became civilized , the problem of the infliction of injury , death and other evils did not go away .
Yet , retaliation became to be viewed as a barbaric solution to the problem of injustice .
Was there a better way to restore the balance of justice ?
Could society replace retaliation with something else ?
The answer was ' yes ' !
Restitution : cancel out a wrong with a right
In civilized societies , the innovation that improved our system of justice was to substitute restitution for retaliation .
Retaliation was banned .
Restitution took its place .
Instead of an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth , the monetary equivalent of an eye and the monetary equivalent of a tooth replaced the eye and tooth themselves .
Today , in our civilized society , restitution restores balance to justice .
Instead of evil being exchanged for evil , the good that is restitution cancels out the evil of injury .
It is still an eye for an eye ; a tooth for a tooth ( See , Leviticus 24:20 , Exodus 21:24 , Deuteronomy 19:21 ) but it is now only a monetary eye and a monetary tooth .
BRINGING THE SCALES OF JUSTICE BACK INTO BALANCE
Our society has substituted restitution for retaliation .
Restitution or retaliation
These are two very distinct systems of justice .
Retaliation involves two wrongs making things right .
Restitution involves a right cancelling out a wrong .
Society cannot snap its fingers an undo the wrong that was done .
To do justice , the choices are either retaliation or restitution .
There is no other way .
Justice is the safety valve of Society
From age to age and from nation to nation , disputes arise .
The energy of a dispute rages , boils and , whenever a society lacks a safety valve to vent it , explodes .
The safety valve is a system of justice whose ministers are dedicated to the holy and noble goal of bringing justice back into balance .
Without a safety valve , we would not be able to vent the exuberant energy of our disputes .
Unvented , the energy of our disputes would explode , the fabric of society would be ripped apart and we would be hurled into the maelstrom of chaos .
Restitution and restitution alone prevents our society from descending into the frightening darkness of retaliation .
THE INNOVATION OF INSURANCE
In civilized society , an innovation that accompanied the development of a system of justice based on restitution was Insurance .
The insurance industry sells policies for a premium that come into play when a defendant inflicts injury upon another .
Insurance pays the bill .
In Court , censorship takes place .
Trial lawyers are not allowed to tell jurors whether or not there is insurance covering a case .
Nor are trial lawyers allowed to tell jurors the amount of insurance .
However , cases usually do not get to trial unless there is insurance .
In the more than thirty years that we have practiced law , all of the cases that have arrived at trial have had insurance .
Therefore , the restitution that is awarded to an injured plaintiff does not come out of the pocket of the Defendant but out of the pocket of the Defendant 's Insurance Company .
With Insurance , the risk is spread amongst everyone so that justice can be done with the least pain
A Gentler System of Justice
Our system of justice is gentler today than yesterday .
Retaliation is gone and restitution and insurance have replaced it .
Cory Booker
Mayor , Newark , New Jersey
From the bold to the bizarre , an outspoken mayor puts himself at the center of more than a few stories .
Thorny , Mac , Rabbit , Foster and Farva are Vermont state troopers out to have a good time .
Stationed in a remote area near the Canadian border , the troopers , avid pranksters with an affinity for syrup , have a knack for screwing up on the job .
But when budget cuts in the town of Spurbury threaten their livelihood and pit them against arch- rival Spurbury P.D. , the five friends try to straighten up and fly right .
That is , until a dead body is discovered and a possible drug ring is unearthed .
The super troopers spring into action attempting to solve the crime , save their jobs , and outdo the local police department .
Written by Anonymous
Tall , slim , and soon to be a museum piece ( Image : Hugh Kretschmer / Stone + / Getty )
Women of the future are likely to be slightly shorter and plumper , have healthier hearts and longer reproductive windows .
These changes are predicted by the strongest proof to date that humans are still evolving .
Medical advances mean that many people who once would have died young now live to a ripe old age .
This has led to a belief that natural selection no longer affects humans and , therefore , that we have stopped evolving .
“ That ’s just plain false , ” says Stephen Stearns , an evolutionary biologist at Yale University .
He says although differences in survival may no longer select “ fitter ” humans and their genes , differences in reproduction still can .
The question is whether women who have more children have distinguishing traits which they pass on to their offspring .
Advertisement
To find out , Stearns and his colleagues turned to data from the Framingham Heart Study , which has tracked the medical histories of more than 14,000 residents of the town of Framingham , Massachusetts , since 1948 – spanning three generations in some families .
Pass it on
The team studied 2238 women who had passed menopause and so completed their reproductive lives .
For this group , Stearns ’s team tested whether a woman ’s height , weight , blood pressure , cholesterol or other traits correlated with the number of children she had borne .
They controlled for changes due to social and cultural factors to calculate how strongly natural selection is shaping these traits .
Quite a lot , it turns out .
Shorter , heavier women tended to have more children , on average , than taller , lighter ones .
Women with lower blood pressure and lower cholesterol levels likewise reared more children , and – not surprisingly – so did women who had their first child at a younger age or who entered menopause later .
Strikingly , these traits were passed on to their daughters , who in turn also had more children .
If these trends continue for 10 generations , Stearns calculates , the average woman in 2409 will be 2 centimetres shorter and 1 kilogram heavier than she is today .
She will bear her first child about 5 months earlier and enter menopause 10 months later ( Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , DOI : 10.1073/pnas.0906199106 ) .
Decoding culture
It ’s hard to say what is selecting for these traits , and to discern whether they are being passed down through the women ’s genes , but because Stearns controlled for many social and cultural factors , it is likely that his results document genetic , rather than cultural evolution at work .
It is not the first study to conclude that natural selection is operating on humans today ; the difference is that much of the earlier work has drawn that conclusion from geographic differences in gene frequencies , rather than from direct measurements of reproductive success .
That leaves Stearns ’s study as perhaps the most detailed measure of evolution in humans today .
“ It ’s interesting that the underlying biological framework is still detectable beneath the culture , ” he says .
Analyses of other long - term medical data sets could shed more light on the interplay between genetics and culture .
やる気に関する驚きの科学 ( TED Talks )
Daniel Pink / 青木靖 訳
2009年7 月
最初に告白させてください。20年ほど前にしたあることを、私は後悔しています。あまり自慢できないようなことをしてしまいました。誰にも知られたくないと思うようなことです。それでも明かさなければならないと感じています。(ざわざわ)
1980年代の後半に、私は若気の至りから、ロースクールに行ったのです。(笑)
アメリカでは法律は専門職学位です。まず大学を出て、それからロースクールへ行きます。ロースクールで私はあまり成績が芳しくありませんでした。控えめに言ってもあまり良くなく、上位90パーセント以内という成績で卒業しました。(笑)
どうも。法律関係の仕事はしたことがありません。やらせてもらえなかったというべきかも。(笑)
しかしながら今日は、良くないことだとは思いつつ、妻の忠告にも反しながら、この法律のスキルを再び引っ張り出すことにしました。今日はストーリーは語りません。主張を立証します。合理的で、証拠に基づいた、法廷におけるような論証で、ビジネスのやり方を再考してみたいと思います。
陪審員の皆さん、こちらをご覧ください。これは「ロウソクの問題」と呼ばれるものです。ご存じの方もいるかもしれません。1945年に、カール・ドゥンカーという心理学者がこの実験を考案し、様々な行動科学の実験で用いました。ご説明しましょう。私が実験者だとします。私はあなた方を部屋に入れて、ロウソクと、画鋲と、マッチを渡します。そしてこう言います。「テーブルに蝋がたれないようにロウソクを壁に取り付けてください」。あなたならどうしますか?
多くの人は画鋲でロウソクを壁に留めようとします。でも、うまくいきません。あそこで手真似をしている人がいましたが、マッチの火でロウソクを溶かして壁にくっつけるというアイデアを思いつく人もいます。いいアイデアですが、うまくいきません。5分か10分すると、たいていの人は解決法を見つけます。このようにすればいいのです。(解答のスライド) 鍵になるのは「機能的固着」を乗り越えるということです。最初あの箱を見て、単なる画鋲の入れ物だと思います。しかしそれは別な使い方をすることもでき、ロウソクの台になるのです。これがロウソクの問題です。
次にサム・グラックスバーグという科学者がこのロウソクの問題を使って行った実験をご紹介します。彼は現在プリンストン大学にいます。この実験でインセンティブの力がわかります。彼は参加者を集めてこう言いました。「この問題をどれくらい早く解けるか時計で計ります」。そして1つのグループには、この種の問題を解くのに一般にどれくらい時間がかかるのか、平均時間を知りたいのだと言います。
も う1つのグループには報酬を提示します。「上位25パーセントの人には
5ドルお渡しします。1番になった人は 20ドルです」。これは何年も前の話なので、物価上昇を考慮に入れれば、数分の作業でもらえる金額としては悪くありません。十分なモチベーションになります。
このグループはどれくらい早く問題を解けたのでしょう?
答えは、平均で3分半余計に時間がかかりました。3分半長くかかったのです。そんなのおかしいですよね?
私はアメリカ人です。自由市場を信じています。そんな風になるわけがありません。(笑)
人々により良く働いてもらおうと思ったら報酬を出せばいい。ボーナスに
コミッション、あるいは何であれインセンティブを与えるのです。ビジネスの世界ではそうやっています。しかしここでは結果が違いました。思考が鋭くなり、クリエイティビティが加速されるようにとインセンティブを用意したのに、結果は反対になりました。思考は鈍く、クリエイティビティは阻害されたのです。
この実験が興味深いのは、それが例外ではないということです。この結果は何度も何度も、40年に渡って再現されてきたのです。この成功報酬的な動機付け―If
Then式 に 「 これをしたら これが貰える」というやり方は、状況によっては機能します。しかし多くの作業ではうまくいかず、時には害にすらなります。これは社会科学における最も確固とした発見の1つです。そして最も無視されている発見でもあります。
私はこの数年というもの、動機付けの科学に注目してきました。特に外的動機付けと内的動機付けのダイナミクスについてです。大きな違いがあります。これを見ると、科学が解明したこととビジネスで行われていることに食い違いがあるのがわかります。ビジネス運営のシステム、つまりビジネスの背後にある前提や手順においては、どう人を動機付け、どう人を割り当てるかという問題は、もっぱら外的動機付け、アメとムチにたよっています。20世紀的な作業の多くでは、これは実際うまくいきます。しかし21世紀的な作業には、機械的なご褒美と罰というアプローチは機能せず、うまくいかないか、害になるのです。どういうことか説明しましょう。
グラックスバーグはこれと似た別な実験もしました。このように若干違った形で問題を提示したのです。机に蝋がたれないようにロウソクを壁に付けてください。条件は同じ。あなたたちは平均時間を計ります。あなたたちにはインセンティブを与えます。どうなったのでしょう?
今回はインセンティブを与えられたグループの方が断然勝ちました。なぜでしょう?
箱に画鋲が入っていなかったら問題はバカみたいに簡単になるからです。 ( 「 サルでもわかる」ロウソクの問題 ) ( 笑)
If Then式の報酬は、このような作業にはとても効果があります。単純なルールと明確な答えがある場合です。報酬というのは視野を狭め、心を集中させるものです。報酬が機能する場合が多いのはそのためです。だからこのような狭い視野で目の前にあるゴールをまっすぐ見ていればよい場合には、うまく機能するのです。しかし本当のロウソクの問題では、そのような見方をしているわけにはいきません。答えが目の前に転がってはいないからです。周りを見回す必要があります。報酬は視野を狭め、私たちの可能性を限定してしまうのです。
これがどうしてそんなに重要なことなのでしょうか?
西ヨーロッパ、アジアの多く、北アメリカ、オーストラリアなどでは、ホワイトカラーの仕事には、このような(サルでも分かる)種類の仕事は少なく、このような(本当のロウソクの問題のような)種類の仕事が増えています。ルーチン的、ルール適用型、左脳的な仕事、ある種の会計、ある種の財務分析、ある種のプログラミングは、簡単にアウトソースできます。簡単に自動化できます。ソフトウェアのほうが早くできます。世界中に低価格のサービス提供者がいます。だから重要になるのは、もっと右脳的でクリエイティブな考える能力です。
ご自分の仕事を考えてみてください。あなた方が直面している問題は、あるいは私たちがこの場で議論しているような問題は、こちらの種類でしょうか?
明確なルールと1つの答えがあるような?
そうではないでしょう。ルールはあいまいで、答えは――そもそも存在するとしての話ですが――驚くようなものであり、けっして自明ではありません。ここにいる誰もが、その人のバージョンのロウソクの問題を扱っています。そしてロウソクの問題は、どんな種類であれ、どんな分野であれ、If Then式の報酬は――企業の多くはそうしていますが――機能しないのです
これには頭がおかしくなりそうです。どういうことかというと、これは感情ではありません。私は法律家です。感情なんて信じません。これは哲学でもありません。私はアメリカ人です。哲学なんて信じません。(笑)
これは事実なのです。私が住んでいるワシントンDCでよく使われる言い方をすると、真実の事実です。(笑 ) ( 拍手 ) 例を使って説明しましょう。証拠の品を提示します。私はストーリーを語っているのではありません。立証しているのです
陪審員の皆さん、証拠を提示します。ダン・アリエリーは現代における最高の経済学者の1人です。彼は3人の仲間とともに
MITの学生を対象に実験を行いました。学生たちにたくさんのゲームを与えます。クリエイティビティや運動能力や集中力が要求されるようなゲームです。そして成績に対する報酬を3種類用意しました。小さな報酬、中くらいの報酬、大きな報酬です。非常にいい成績なら全額、いい成績なら半分の報酬がもらえます。どうなったのでしょう?
「タスクが機械的にできるものである限りは、報酬は期待通りに機能し、報酬が大きいほどパフォーマンスが良くなった。しかし認知能力が多少とも要求されるタスクになると、より大きな報酬はより低い成績をもたらした」
それで彼らはこう考えました。「文化的なバイアスがあるのかもしれない。インドのマドゥライで試してみよう」。生活水準が低いので、北アメリカではたいしたことのない報酬が、マドゥライでは大きな意味を持ちます。実験の条件は同じです。たくさんのゲームと、3レベルの報酬。どうなったのでしょう?
中くらいの報酬を提示された人たちは、小さな報酬の人たちと成績が変わりませんでした。しかし今回は、最大の報酬を提示された人たちの成績が最低になったのです。「3回の実験を通して、9つのタスクのうちの8つで、より高いインセンティブがより低い成績という結果となった」
これはおなじみの感覚的な社会主義者の陰謀なのでしょうか?
いいえ、彼らはMITに、カーネギーメロンに、シカゴ大学の経済学者です。そしてこの研究に資金を出したのはどこでしょう?
合衆国連邦準備銀行です。これはまさにアメリカの経験なのです。
海の向こう、ロンドン・スクール・オブ・エコノミクス ( LSE ) に行ってみましょう。11人のノーベル経済学賞受賞者を輩出しています。偉大な経済の頭脳がここで学んでいます。ジョージ・ソロス、フリードリヒ・ハイエク、ミック・ジャガー。(笑)
先月、ほんの先月のこと、LSEの経済学者が企業内における成果主義に関する
51の事例を調べました。彼らの結論は、「金銭的なインセンティブは…
全体的なパフォーマンスに対しマイナスの影響を持ちうる」ということでした。
科学が見出したこととビジネスで行われていることの間には、食い違いがあるのです。この潰れた経済の瓦礫の中に立って私が心配するのは、あまりに多くの組織が、その決断や、
人や才能に関するポリシーを、時代遅れで検証されていない前提に基づいて行っていること、科学よりは神話に基づいて行っているということです。この経済の窮地から抜け出そうと思うなら、21世紀的な答えのないタスクで高いパフォーマンスを出そうと思うのなら、間違ったことをこれ以上続けるのはやめるべきです。人をより甘いアメで誘惑したり、より鋭いムチで脅すのはやめることです。まったく新しいアプローチが必要なのです。
いいニュースは、科学者たちが新しいアプローチを示してくれているということです。内的な動機付けに基づくアプローチです。重要だからやる、好きだからやる、面白いからやる、何か重要なことの一部を担っているからやる。ビジネスのための新しい運営システムは3つの要素を軸にして回ります。自主性、成長、目的。自主性は、自分の人生の方向は自分で決めたいという欲求です。成長は、何か大切なことについて上達したいということです。目的は、私たち自身よりも大きな何かのためにやりたいという切望です。これらが私たちのビジネスの全く新しい運営システムの要素なのです。
今日は自主性についてだけお話ししましょう。20世紀にマネジメントという考えが生まれました。マネジメントというのは自然に生じたものではありません。マネジメントは木のようなものではなく、テレビのようなものです。誰かが発明したのです。永久に機能しつづけはしないということです。マネジメントは素晴らしいです。服従を望むなら、伝統的なマネジメントの考え方はふさわしいものです。しかし参加を望むなら、自主性のほうがうまく機能します。
自主性について少し過激な考え方の例を示しましょう。あまり多くはありませんが、非常に面白いことが起きています。人々に適切に、公正に、間違いなく支払い、お金の問題はそれ以上考えさせないことにします。そして人々に大きな自主性を認めます。具体的な例でお話しします。
Atlassianという会社をご存じの方はどれくらいいますか?
( 誰も手を挙げない ) … 半分もいない感じですね。(笑)
Atlassianはオーストラリアのソフトウェア会社です。彼らはすごくクールなことをやっています。1年に何回か、エンジニアたちに言うのです。「これから24時間何をやってもいい。普段の仕事の一部でさえなければ何でもいい。何でも好きなことをやれ」。エンジニアたちはこの時間を使って、コードを継ぎ接ぎしたり、エレガントなハックをしたりします。そしてその日の終わりには、雑然とした全員参加の会合があって、チームメートや会社のみんなに何を作ったのか見せるのです。オーストラリアですから、みんなでビールを飲みます。
彼らはこれ を 「 FedExの日」 と呼んでいます。なぜかって ?
それは何かを一晩で送り届けなければならないからです。素敵ですよね。商標権は侵害しているかもしれませんが、ピッタリしています。(笑)
この1日の集中的な自主活動で生まれた多数のソフトウェアの修正は、この活動なしには生まれなかったでしょう。
これがうまくいったので次のレベルへと進み、「20パーセントの時間」を始めました。Googleがやっていることで有名ですね。エンジニアは仕事時間の20パーセントを何でも好きなことに使うことができます。時間、タスク、チーム、使う技術、すべてに自主性が認められます。すごく大きな裁量です。そしてGoogleでは、よく知られている通り、新製品の半分近くがこの20パーセントの時間から生まれています。Gmail、Orkut、Google Newsなどがそうです。
さらに過激な例をご紹介しましょう。「完全結果志向の職場環境」と呼ばれるものがあります。ROWE
( Results Only Work Environment ) 。アメリカのコンサルタントたちにより考案され、実施している会社が北アメリカに10社ばかりあります。ROWEでは、人々にはスケジュールがありません。好きなときに出社できます、特定の時間に会社にいなきゃいけないということがありません。全然行かなくてもかまいません。ただ仕事を成し遂げれば良いのです。どのようにやろうと、いつやろうと、どこでやろうとかまわないのです。そのような環境ではミーティングはオプショナルです。
どんな結果になるのでしょう ?
ほとんどの場合、生産性は上がり、雇用期間は長くなり、社員満足度は上がり、離職率は下がります。自主性、成長、目的は、物事をする新しいやり方の構成要素なのです。こういう話を聞いて、「結構だけど、夢物語だね」と言う人もいることでしょう。違います。証拠があるのです。
1990 年代半ば 、Microsoft は Encartaという百科事典を作り始めました。適切なインセンティブを設定しました。何千という専門家にお金を払って記事を書いてもらいました。たっぷり報酬をもらっているマネージャが全体を監督し、予算と納期の中で出来上がるようにしました。何年か後に、別な百科事典が開始されました。別なモデルを採っていました。楽しみでやる、1セント、1ユーロ、1円たりとも支払われません。みんな好きだからやるのです。
ほんの10年前に、経済学者のところへ行ってこう聞いたとします。「ねえ、百科事典を作る2つのモデルを考えたんだけど、対決したらどっちが勝つと思います?」
10年前、この地球上のまともな経済学者で、Wikipediaのモデルが勝つという人は 1人もいなかったでしょう。
これは2つのアプローチの大きな対決なのです。モチベーションにおけるアリ vs フレージャー戦です。伝説のマニラ決戦です。内的な動機付け vs 外的な動機付け。自主性・成長・目的 vs アメとムチ。そしてどちらが勝つのでしょう ?
内的な動機付け、自主性・成長・目的がノックアウト勝利します。まとめましょう。
科学が解明したこととビジネスで行われていることの間には食い違いがあります。科学が解明したのは、(1) 20世紀的な報酬、ビジネスで当然のものだとみんなが思っている動機付けは、機能はするが驚くほど狭い範囲の状況にしか合いません。
( 2 ) If Then式の報酬は、時にクリエイティビティを損なってしまいます。
( 3 ) 高いパフォーマンスの秘訣は報酬と罰ではなく、見えない内的な意欲にあります。自分自身のためにやるという意欲、それが重要なことだからやるという意欲。
大事なのは、私たちがこのことを知っているということです。科学はそれを確認しただけです。科学知識とビジネスの慣行の間のこのミスマッチを正せば、21世紀的な動機付けの考え方を採用すれば、怠惰で危険でイデオロギー的なアメとムチを脱却すれば、私たちは会社を強くし、多くのロウソクの問題を解き、そしておそらくは世界を変えることができるのです。これにて立証を終わります。 ( 拍手 )
[ これ はTED公式日本語訳です。翻訳をレビューしていただいた上野昌章氏と久島昌弘氏に感謝します。]
Long before the internet laughed in unison at the genuinely horrific Spider - Man : Homecoming movie poster and the fact that a nerdy , white kid is no longer the underdog in America , the funniest thing about the fictional web slinger were the bizarre screenshots create from the 1967 animated television series .
Also known as “ Retro Spider - Man , ” the ’60s Spiderman meme spawned from the Spider - Man ‘s amateurish animation style and blatant lifting of entire stills and scenes from other cartoons of the time .
Continue reading on The Daily Dot …
I recently ran for a seat on the condo board of the brand new community I live in .
I lost .
In front of about 60 people .
My reaction was a mixture of gratitude ( “ I think I just got spared a LOT of work ” ) , huffiness ( “ How could they pass ME over ? ” ) , and a dash of embarrassment ( “ Oh no , I think I just looked like an IDIOT in front of a large group of people ” ) .
In reflecting on what worked and did n’t about my little platform speech ( I had three minutes to pitch myself to the group ) , I realized there are some important lessons about trust - based selling to tease out of my defeat .
What Worked
My dominant strategy was to lead with high Intimacy and low Self - Orientation , and to differentiate myself a bit .
How ?
By telling them first why they might NOT want to elect me .
I shared openly that I ’m a first - time home buyer and had never before been on a condo board – in fact , I had just made my first condo payment ever .
My self - deprecation was effective , I think , in that it got a good laugh and set their expectations about what they could and could n’t count on me for ( could n’t : Board / home ownership expertise ; could : honesty and lightheartedness ) .
What Did n’t Work
There was one thing I did n’t do that left my constituents understandably less than confident in my abilities .
I was too humble .
I fell into the trap that ( sweeping generalization coming ) many women do of being tentative about tooting my own horn .
Sure , I told them a little bit about my professional background ( close to 20 years in consulting , the latter half with an emphasis on teaming and relationship skills , which lends itself well to community - building endeavors ) .
But I did n’t let them know that when it comes to starting something up ( new community , new board ) , I ’m your woman .
I did n’t tell them that eight years ago I launched a business that now boasts a client roster of global companies that generate millions and billions in revenue each year .
I did n’t tell them about the community service program I created that , within six months of its inception , was given a prominent mention in SELF magazine and then acquired by a national non-profit .
( Even as I write this , my brain is screaming : Enough with the tooting horns already ! )
Bottom line : I did n’t think about what would be of value to them , link that to what I brought to the table , and say it out loud .
What I ’d Do Next Time
Of course , this is all speculation ; I might have lost because they did n’t like what I was wearing – who knows .
I think it ’s safe to say , though , that next time I ’d be more effective ( and certainly less huffy and embarrassed ) by doing the following :
– Take five minutes to prepare .
Think about what my fellow condo association members might really want in their first set of officers , and know what the link is to my experience and skills .
– Lead with the same opening – why you do n’t want to elect me .
It ’s honest .
Plus it ’s a little contrarian , and I like that .
– Toot toot toot away .
Confidently , succinctly , matter - of - factly , with an emphasis on the aspects of me that directly address their interests and concerns .
I ’d leave them with a more complete picture of me–not one that ’s either over - or underexposed .
Seems to me these guidelines apply no matter who we are , what we ’re selling , and to whom we ’re pitching the sale : prepare and be honest about both your strengths and your weaknesses .
That and choose your clothes carefully .
What is uttered from the heart alone ,
Will win the hearts of others to your own .
– Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
This morning I was writing a blog entry at a local beach - side coffee shop here in San Diego when a young woman approached me .
“ You ’re Marc , right ? ” she asked .
I looked up at her .
She had piercing eyes , a pierced nose , an elegant smile … but nothing that rang a bell .
“ I ’m sorry .
Do I know you ? ” I inquired politely .
“ No , ” she replied .
“ But I know you . ”
She swiftly walked back to the table where she ’d been sitting , picked up her laptop , and carried it over to me .
On the screen was Marc and Angel Hack Life .
“ You look just like your photo , ” she said in a chipper tone .
I smiled .
“ So you ’re one of the seven people who read it . ”
She blushed .
“ What I like about your writing is that it ’s so real . ”
I cleared my throat .
“ Real ? ” I asked .
“ I mean … you do n’t hide anything .
You say it just like it is .
And that gives me hope ! ”
“ How do you know that I do n’t hide anything ? ” I asked .
She paused , tilted her head slightly and squinted her eyes as if , maybe , to look for something inside me that she had missed before .
“ Well , your words seem so , so … honest . ”
Her compliment was appreciated , but it did n’t feel fair .
Perhaps because I ’m not very good at accepting compliments , or perhaps because I ’ve been thinking about honesty lately … and I ’ve decided that I do n’t like the word and its connotations .
The Ruse
“ There are some things you should probably know , ” I said .
“ If I know a picture is being taken of me , I usually make a crooked half smile because I think it ’s sexy .
If an attractive girl touches my arm , I flex a little bit because I think she prefers harder muscles .
And if I know people are coming over to my condo , I run around like a mad man and make it spotless before they arrive , because I ’d like them to think that I ’m clean and organized all of the time . ”
“ But … ”
“ And that ’s just the beginning , ” I continued .
“ When I write a blog entry , I ’m typically only writing about the people and experiences that inspire a single sentence that moves me .
For instance , in today ’s post that sentence is : “ Honesty is a matter of perception and intention . ”
The rest is just my attempt to bring that sentence to life – to show why it ’s meaningful to me . ”
“ But ca n’t you see … ”
“ And when I want to impress someone I ’ve just met for the first time , I pretend that I ’m overly outgoing and fearless .
And I try to say funny or profound things like , “ Better to understand a little than to misunderstand a lot . ”
But it usually does n’t come out right because I do n’t really want to be funny or fearless or profound .
Not right then .
I just want to break the ice and introduce myself .
And I want to do it without stumbling over my words … ”
“ Marc , this is exactly the kind of honesty that inspires me ! ”
“ You ’re missing the point .
These are revelations … and they ’re revealing the ruse .
The sexy crooked smiles are n’t the smiles you see most often .
And the blog posts rarely include the sentences that inspire them .
And the folks I introduce myself to do n’t see the real me , and they do n’t realize that I ’m nervous because I ’m trying to impress them … because I want them to like me … and because … ”
You ’re The Guy
“ Who are you trying to impress ? ” she asked .
“ That ’s not the point , ” I said .
“ But I want to know , ” she insisted .
“ This is what I mean … ” I continued .
“ An honest person would just tell it to you straight .
But I write stories about a guy who wishes he was his cat , and nights of dancing naked , and Jamaican women in ice cream parlors … and who the heck knows what will come next . ”
“ But you ’re the guy who wishes he was his cat , right ? ” she asked .
I grinned .
“ Shhh … do n’t tell anyone . ”
“ But wo n’t the new people you want to impress and all of the important people in your life know how you feel … now ? ” she asked .
“ No , ” I replied .
“ I do n’t think they read this blog . ”
Revelation
We shared a long silence during which her gaze locked directly into the depths of my eyes .
Finally , she said , “ I think I understand better why you give me hope . ”
“ Why ? ” I asked .
“ Because at some point the world forgot – or perhaps never knew – that honesty is n’t about whether we make sexy smiles for the camera , mask autobiographical blog posts about our desires to be a cat , or try not to show our apprehension before meeting someone new .
Rather , honesty – revelation – is a matter of perception and intention .
And somebody recognizes that .
And it gives me hope and makes me think . ”
I smiled .
“ And one other thing , ” she said .
“ What ? ” I asked .
“ I ’m pretty sure that whoever you want to impress will appreciate you just the way you are .
I know I do . ”
In letter to federal Election Assistance Commission , investigators from CA 's unprecedented e-vote review blast the approval of flawed protocols in certification tests for new Diebold e-voting system ...
Brad Friedman Byon
10/15/2009 , 4:25 pm PT
A group of computer scientists and security experts from California 's 2007 landmark " Top - to - Bottom Review " ( TTBR ) of electronic voting systems have sent a two - page letter [ PDF ] of condemnation to the U.S. Election Assistance Commission ( EAC ) , taking the federal body to task for their approval of misused security findings from the TTBR in recent certification testing for a new e-voting system made by Diebold / Premier .
The voting system , Premier 's Assure 1.2 --- made by Premier Election Solutions , Inc. ( formerly named Diebold Election System , Inc. and recently purchased by Election System and Software , Inc. ) --- was granted federal certification by the EAC last August under new test protocols which " should not have received the EAC 's approval , " according to the letter penned by Aaron Burstein and Joseph Lorenzo Hall , and signed by twelve other investigators and participants in the TTBR project .
The letter was addressed to the EAC's Director of Testing and Certification Brian Hancock , a longtime official at the commission with a disturbing background of helping to hedge test results for other electronic voting systems ...
' Completely Inadequate '
The test plan approved by the EAC's Hancock for the Assure system , the scientists argue in their letter , allowed iBeta Laboratories to test the Premiere / Diebold combination optical - scan and Direct Recording Electronic ( DRE , touch - screen ) voting system based on a fundamentally misunderstood interpretation of an important finding from the TTBR study .
" iBeta interpreted the TTBR studies of the Premier system 's predecessor [ the older systems made by Diebold ] to have ' concluded that the vulnerabilities within the system depend almost entirely on the effectiveness of the election procedures , ' " write Burstein and Hall .
" On the basis of this interpretation , iBeta developed a test plan that called for ' no additional testing ' of the Premier system 's security properties .
The EAC approved this plan . "
The EAC 's new testing regime was recently implemented in light of years of disastrous testing in which systems had been tested in secret by labs selected and paid for by the voting system manufacturers themselves .
The result was the failed e-voting systems which now litter the nation 's electoral landscape .
Those systems , almost every single one of them , have now been found in independent scientific study after study , including CA 's TTBR , " an unprecedented , in - depth evaluation of California 's voting systems , which allowed investigators to gain a better understanding of their vulnerabilities , " according to the letter , to be extraordinarily insecure on virtually every level , frequently unreliable and often inaccurate in their results .
The TTBR resulted in California 's decertification of a number of systems previously approved under the old EAC - overseen testing procedures .
It would appear that the new testing system may be as riddled with problems and possible failure as the old one , at least if the EAC 's questionable certification of the Premier Assurance system , as described in the letter from the CA investigators , is any indication .
More from the Burstein / Hall letter :
i Beta 's misunderstanding of the significance of the TTBR findings and the EAC 's approval of a test plan that was designed around this misunderstanding , represent a missed opportunity to use the testing and certification process to improve voting system integrity and reliability .
iBeta misunderstands the results of the TTBR .
The TTBR concluded that the number , extent , and severity of these vulnerabilities were so substantial that the technological security mechanisms were completely inadequate to protect the integrity and security of both the systems and of the election .
[ 1 ]
This directly contradicts the statement that " the vulnerabilities within the system depend almost entirely upon the effectiveness of the election procedures . "
The vulnerabilities are present , regardless of the election procedures .
The team concluded that these flaws were so severe as to render the system 's technological security measures essentially without value ; these vulnerabilities could only be mitigated by the strictest of procedures .
The California Secretary of State 's response to the TTBR was to decertify two systems until their respective vendors , one of which was Diebold , [ 2 ] fixed many problems with their security mechanisms .
Even now , these machines are subject to strict new procedural rules designed to mitigate the vulnerabilities which remain .
Such drastic measures were necessary precisely because the underlying vulnerabilities were not detected and analyzed during conformance testing .
iBeta 's light treatment of the TTBR results , therefore , should not have received the EAC 's approval .
_________________________
The 101 - page iBeta test plan [ PDF ] was approved earlier this year by the EAC's Director of Testing and Certification , Brian Hancock , who notified [ PDF ] iBeta on April 7 , 2009 " that the tests proposed , if performed properly , appear to be sufficient to fully test the system . "
The Assure 1.2 voting system was then officially certified by the EAC [ PDF ] on August 6th of this year , as the third " to achieve federal certification " under the EAC 's new " Voting System Testing and Certification Program . "
Hancock 's Dubious History at the EAC
It should be noted here that Hancock played a key role at the EAC in 2004 , by improperly giving a " qualification number " ( the phrase the EAC now uses to describe successful federal certification testing under the previous test regime ) to the Sequoia Edge with Verivote Printer touch - screen voting system .
The number was officially granted for the system even though testing had not been fully completed by the test labs --- where the system had been failing miserable --- in violation of the EAC 's own " qualification " procedures at the time .
The sleight - of - " qualification " - hand was essentially carried out in apparent hopes of legitimizing Nevada 's illegal use of that particular voting system in 2004 , for the first time , where it had been used without a " qualification number , " in violation of state law , in the September primary .
That , even though then - SoS , now U.S. Congressman Dean Heller ( R ) had lied to the press and public by telling them , in July of that year , that the system " has passed federal certification with flying colors . "
Between the September Primary and the November Presidential General Election , Hancock issued the " qualification number , " commonly known as " federal certification " back then , to the Sequoia Edge with Verivote system .
The completion of the paperwork by the test lab , allowing for the qualification to be issued , would not officially be completed until December 21 , 2004 .
The system would not be officially certified in the state of Nevada until January 12 , 2005 , as documents obtained by The BRAD BLOG 's long efforts at public records requests has revealed .
The entire EAC / Nevada / Sequoia scam described above is documented at length in " The Selling of the Touch - Screen ' Paper Trail ' : From Nevada to the EAC , " an investigative report we contributed with Michael Richardson and John Gideon as a chapter for Mark Crispin Miller 's 2008 book Loser Take All : Election Fraud and The Subversion of Democracy , 2000 - 2008 .
In requesting a comment from Hancock and EAC spokesperson Jeannie Layson in regard to the letter from the CA investigators , we were told that the commission is preparing a formal reply to the authors .
We will update this item appropriately when we receive a copy of that reply .
UPDATE 10/22/09 : The EAC has finally responded today , with a letter in reply [ PDF ] .
The reply from Hancock seems to attempt to rebut Hall / Burstein 's assertion that iBeta 's tests did " ' no additional testing ' of the Premier system 's security properties . "
The scientists tell us they 're reviewing the letter and may be preparing their own response in turn .
If they do , we 'll update again .
OKLAHOMA CITY ( Reuters ) - A $ 29 billion trail from the Federal Reserve ’s bailout of Wall Street investment bank Bear Stearns ends in a partially deserted shopping center on a bleak spot on the south side of Oklahoma City .
The Crossroads Mall in Oklahoma City , Oklahoma , is seen in this file photo taken July 10 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Bill Waugh / Files
The Fed now owns the Crossroads Mall , a sprawling shopping complex at the junction of Interstate highways 244 and 35 , complete with an oil well pumping crude in the parking lot -- except the Fed does not own the mineral rights .
The Fed finds itself in the unusual situation of being an Oklahoma City landlord after it lent JPMorgan Chase $ 29 billion to buy Bear Stearns last year .
That money was secured by a portfolio of Bear assets .
Crossroads
Mall is the only bricks and mortar acquired through bailout .
The remaining billions are tied up in invisible securities spread across hundreds , if not thousands , of properties .
It is hard to be precise because the Fed has not published specifics on what it now owns .
The only reason that Crossroads Mall has surfaced is that it went into foreclosure in April .
Noah Diggs , who had just successfully concluded a search for work here as a shop assistant , was surprised and somewhat alarmed to learn the U.S. central bank now owned the property .
“ That is a bad thing , right ? ” he said , surveying the empty parking lot on a rainy morning in early October .
Public anger over the bailout of rich Wall Street bankers has evolved into wider opposition toward government intrusion into the private sector , complicating President Barack Obama ’s efforts to reform financial regulation and healthcare .
The controversial action to save Bear Stearns in March 2008 was defended as less damaging for the U.S. economy than letting it fail .
The merit of this argument was underscored in September 2008 when rival investment bank Lehman Brothers foundered , sparking a global financial panic .
But paper losses to the Fed on the Bear Stearns rescue stood somewhat above $ 3 billion at the last quarterly valuation in June , contributing to the disquiet that has hardened political opposition toward granting the Fed any more power .
This was a central part of Obama ’s proposed financial reform rules that he says would prevent in the future the kind of systemic failure that sent financial markets and the economy into a tailspin last year .
Slideshow ( 6 images )
Part of the public concern stems from the sheer scale and complexity of the bailouts and what they will eventually cost taxpayers , with the assets shrouded in oddly named limited liability companies held by the New York Federal Reserve Bank , one of the 12 regional Fed banks in the U.S. central banking system .
On top of Bear Stearns , the Fed lent $ 60 billion to prop up insurance giant American International Group a few days after Lehman went under , and is also standing behind over $ 400 billion of assets owned by Citigroup Inc and Bank of America Corp .
In fairness , the Bear Stearns losses so far are relatively small compared to the size of the overall portfolio , or indeed the Fed ’s current overall balance sheet of $ 2.1 trillion .
THE CHALLENGE FACING THE FED
But a drab shopping mall illustrates the wider challenge of extricating the Fed from its foray into private finance , especially in commercial real estate where sinking property values raise the threat of big loan losses .
Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke has called commercial real estate loans a “ serious problem , ” and another Fed official has warned they could undermine a hoped - for economic recovery .
“ What the Fed and banks have said they are worried about is a new wave of losses on commercial real estate and here is an example of an early adopter in the Fed ’s portfolio , ” said Lou Crandall , chief economist at Wrightson ICAP in Jersey City , New Jersey .
“ The fact that the thing was written so that the Fed does not have the oil rights is just classic .
Not that that is the Fed ’s fault , ” he said .
Crossroads Mall , half - empty after anchor stores Macy ’s , JC Penney , Montgomery Ward and Dillard ’s all pulled out , was brought out of foreclosure in April with $ 77 million in debt , according to Ann Marie Randolph at the Oklahoma County Sheriff ’s office .
It is now up for sale for $ 24 million .
Paul Ravencraft , an investment broker with Price Edwards and Co. in Oklahoma City retained by the Fed to sell the property , said the current sales climate was tough .
“ Financing will be difficult , and it will probably require a lot of equity , ” he said .
Losses are potentially at taxpayer ’s expense because the Fed generally makes a fat annual profit running the country ’s payments system and other operations , and any losses reduce how much it can pay out to the U.S.
Treasury , and hence taxpayers .
The Fed ’s $ 29 billion bailout of Bear Stearns was secured by a portfolio of Bear assets that included $ 5.5 billion in commercial loans , including the note on Crossroads Mall that went into default .
A big part of the portfolio -- $ 16.4 billion at the end of June -- consists of debt issued by government - owned agencies like Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , which continue to pay out .
But the value of the commercial loan holdings has already been written down to $ 4.4 billion .
In part , this decline in value is because two other pieces of the Bear Stearns collateral -- Extended Stay Hotels , and the GrandStay Residential Suites Hotels in Oxnard , California -- have sought court bankruptcy protection .
Extended Stay owes the Fed almost $ 900 million , consisting of $ 153 million in commercial mortgage - backed securities and $ 744 million in junior mezzanine debt , while GrandStay won Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection with a bit under $ 10 million in debt .
Joseph Sholder , the Santa Barbara lawyer acting for GrandStay , was startled to discover that the lender who had tried to take control of the property was the Federal Reserve .
Court papers simply identified GrandStay ’s creditor as Maiden Lane Commercial Mortgage Bank Securities Trust - 2008 .
The Fed created a special vehicle called Maiden Lane to hold the assets on its balance sheet pledged against the Bear loan .
Maiden Lane is the name of the lower Manhattan street behind the New York Fed ’s building .
However , Sholder said that on reflection , he really should not be so surprised by the news of the Fed ’s involvement .
“ They seem to have their finger in every pie , ” he said .
The slides from the Haskell Workshop 2007 talk on the design and implementation of xmonad are now online .
Original PDF
xmonad has come a long way since then .
It is now 2.5 years old , distributed on dozens of platforms , had hundreds of developers contribute , several thousand patches ( particularly in the extensions library ) , and hundreds of thousands of downloads .
Enjoy .
[ This post was submitted by special ironic correspondent Avi Brand ]
The recent blockbuster news flash that Disney is buying Marvel Entertainment for $ 4 Billion made me wonder once again who is the worse President of the United States : Barack Obama as portrayed by the Marvel Universe , or Barack Obama as portrayed by Fox News .
Well , I decided to stack them up head - to - head to settle the question once and for all .
The newly elected Marvel Universe Barack Obama made one of the most infamous cabinet appointments of all time , choosing Norman Osborn ( formerly the murderous and insane Green Goblin ) as head of all global peacekeeping agencies , including the revered Avengers .
This version of Barack Obama has literally handed the reins of world peace and safety over to one of the most evil men on this or any other planet .
Osborn has already clandestinely allied himself with Doctor Doom , Namor the Sub - Mariner , Loki the Norse God of Mischief , and the Criminal Syndicate Boss / Demon Sorcerer The Hood in an attempt to cement his power base and further extend his villainous tentacles into every corner of the Marvel Universe .
Meanwhile , his agents are hunting down heroes like Tony Stark ( Iron Man ) and even Captain America , the very symbol of American power .
And all with the Marvel Universe Obama ’s tacit approval .
Makes Reverend Wright and Bill Ayers look like kindergartners .
The Fox News Barack Obama is a shady , smooth - talking totalitarian communist who is on an unholy mission to strengthen the federal government by any means necessary to a deadly sharp edge at home while systematically weakening our military oversees .
His failed economic policies have destroyed this great country that we grew up in , and he will stop at nothing to blame America first for any problem anywhere in the world .
Under his iron - fisted rule , the US will devolve into a Soviet - style , Nazi dictatorship that will enforce mandatory abortions on women , Koran classes on men , and euthanasia for old people .
After barely seven months in office , he is already the worst president this nation has ever had .
He is certainly the most anti-American .
Makes Stalin and Hitler look like amateurs .
So who ’s worse ?
While Fox News Barack Obama is certainly a terrible tyrant and a phony ( I certainly would n’t vote for him ) , his evil pales in comparison to what the naive , weak , and ineffectual Marvel Universe Barack Obama has allowed to happen .
Norman Osborn holds the real reigns of power in that world ( kind of like Dick Cheney ) and he is putting his nefarious plans into action as we speak .
The Marvel Universe electorate would do well to elect a Republican in 2012 .
Hmmm … I wonder what The Marvel Universe Fox News is saying about Norman Osborn ?
No doubt that he ’s doing what ’s necessary to protect us from the Skrulls .
– Avi Brand
Where do you go normally when you are planning to start your new web design project ?
Today , we are listing down 21 Website Designs Of Popular Brands .
This list is not long in numbers but I promise you that when you start browsing them in details it will surely refresh you .
You are welcome if you want to share more web design of popular brands that our readers / viewers may like .
Do you want to be the first one to know the latest happenings at smashing Apps.com just subscribe to our rss feed and you can follow us on twitter as well .
Click on the images to go from where the images has been taken and learn more about their creators and to appreciate them .
Logitech
PUMA
Virgin
Opera Software
Burger King Corporation
orange
NIVEA
Cisco Systems , Inc .
Emirates Airline
Siemens AG
Gateway
GlaxoSmithKline
SAP
Xbox
Lexus
Unilever
Vaseline
Dunkin’ Donuts
Coffee
ASUSTeK Computer Inc .
Philips
Reckitt Benckiser
Group plc
About this time last month , the Entertainment Software Rating Board slipped word of a Nintendo DS installment in Ubisoft 's highly anticipated stealth action game Assassin 's Creed II .
Today , Ubisoft made the game official , saying Assassin 's Creed II : Discovery for the DS and DSi would join the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 editions of the game on store shelves November 17 .
An unrelated PSP edition of the game , titled Assassin 's Creed : Bloodlines , will arrive on the same day .
One ticket to Spain , please !
Though the console and DS editions of Assassin 's Creed II will share a protagonist , Nintendo 's installment tells a spin - off story , in which Ezio travels to Spain to rescue a fraternal brother held by the Spanish Inquisition .
Whereas the tepidly received original Assassin 's Creed DS was created by Gameloft , a company Ubisoft divested itself of in 2007 , Assassin 's Creed II : Discovery is in development at Griptonite Games , a Foundation 9 studio .
Ezio 's side - scrolling adventure will see him squaring off against Templars , as well as platforming through various Spanish locales .
DSi owners will have the added perk of being able to plaster photographs of themselves on " Wanted ! " posters found throughout the game .
In related Assassin 's Creed II news , Ubisoft has announced through its Twitter feed that the PC edition will not be joining its console brethren on November 17 .
Instead , the publisher has opted to delay the PC edition to the first quarter of 2010 , in order to allow for " a bit more time for the dev team to deliver the best quality game to you . "
Notably , the original Assassin 's Creed on the PC , which saw release nearly five months after the console editions , sparked a lawsuit in 2008 .
Ubisoft 's claim stemmed from allegations that an employee at the company charged with reproducing Assassin 's Creed 's disc had leaked the game online a full six weeks before it was to be released at retail .
Ubisoft claimed that the leaked edition of the game was downloaded more than 700,000 times , costing the publisher millions of dollars .
Anti-immigrant crusader promises to appear on TV in controversial outfit ; Fox News calls costume ‘ fantastic ’
An anti-illegal immigration group says that an “ illegal alien ” Halloween costume that is causing an uproar has sold out in all online stores — but it ’s unclear whether that ’s the case , or whether public pressure to stop selling the costume has worked .
ADVERTISEMENT
Immigrant and Latino advocacy groups erupted in outrage over the weekend as news spread that several chain stores and online retailers were selling an “ illegal alien costume , ” an orange prison jump - suit with the words “ illegal alien ” stamped across it .
Accompanying the jumpsuit is a small cardboard card marked “ Green Card . ”
“ A few hours after the national organization ALIPAC called for supporters to make the controversial illegal alien Halloween costume pulled off shelves by Target the ‘ Most Popular Costume of Halloween 2009 , ’ the item has sold out in all online stores ! ” ALIPAC , or Americans for Legal Immigration PAC , declared in a press release Monday .
However , RAW STORY has found it can still be purchased through Amazon.com .
An item marked “ Alien Adult Costume , ” matching the description of the illegal alien outfit , can be purchased “ at an external website , ” according to the Amazon listing .
And the same item , under the name “ Illegal Alien Costume , ” is now listed as “ currently unavailable . ”
It is not clear whether the item sold out or was pulled from Amazon ’s catalog .
Over the weekend chain store Target came under pressure to stop selling the costume on its Web site .
The retailer agreed to pull the costume , and told the press it had “ inadvertently uploaded ” the costume to its
Web site due to a “ data entry error . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
A search of the Target Web site Monday yielded no results for the controversial outfit .
Other retailers said to have stocked the item were Walgreens and Toys ‘ R’ Us . A search of their online catalogs Monday yielded no results .
In a press release , ALIPAC President William Gheen said he had purchased one of the costumes and would wear it to a TV interview “ if invited . ”
The costume has raised the ire of immigration activists .
It ’s “ distasteful , mean - spirited and ignorant of social stigmas and current debate on immigration reform , ” Angelica Salas of the Coalition for Humane Immigrant Rights of Los Angeles told the NBC affiliate in San Francisco .
ADVERTISEMENT
But , on Fox & Friends Monday , host Steve Doocey argued there ’s nothing wrong with the costume .
“ Do you think there ’s really anything the matter with that ? ” he asked .
“ It ’s a joke !
Where ’s your sense of humor , America ? ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Co-host Brian Kilmeade described the costume as “ fantastic . ”
The following video was broadcast on Fox News , October 19 , 2009 , and uploaded to YouTube by ThinkProgress .
How to use the web site
Customize by voting on cocktails !
MyBestCocktails.com is about your best cocktails and mixed drink recipes , for all events and occasions .
By voting on the cocktails , you build a list of favourites that will appear on the website home page .
This list will be used to get suggestions of drinks you might like based on your preferences .
NYCCAN
September 12 , 2009
Three 9 - 11 family members ask unanswered questions about September 11th , part of an appeal by the New York Coalition for Accountability Now ( NYCCAN ) for a new , independent 9 - 11 commission .
For more information go to NYCCAN.org .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Amidst the economic wreckage , after 7 million job losses and approaching 2 million home foreclosures in the US alone , with businesses and consumers around the world still struggling to get finance after the long credit crunch , Wall Street is finally on trial .
A little piece of Wall Street , at least .
In the first major case against bankers at the heart of the financial meltdown , a jury of 12 mainly working - class New Yorkers will decide the fate of the two Bear Stearns managers whose hedge funds imploded in 2007 , signalling the start of the crisis .
Ralph Cioffi , 53 , and Matt Tannin , 48 , pocketed millions of dollars in pay during the boom years , but the events of 2007 left their investors nursing losses of $ 1.6bn ( £ 1 bn ) and ruined forever the reputation of Bear Stearns , one of the oldest investment banks on Wall Street .
Dressed as if for a funeral , the pair sat impassively in the brightly lit courtroom in downtown Brooklyn yesterday as assistant US attorney Patrick Sinclair recounted what he said was a litany of lies that they told to investors .
The two men were desperate to stop investors deserting their funds when the sub - prime mortgage market began to plunge , Mr Sinclair said .
Mr Cioffi alone was paid $ 32 m in the two years before the funds collapsed .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
They " violated a special relationship of trust " between fund managers and investors , he added .
" They lied to investors to save their multimillion dollar bonuses .
In the US , that is a crime , a serious crime .
It 's called securities fraud . "
The prosecution plans to lean heavily on private emails written by the men which suggest they knew much earlier that the sub - prime market was – in a word used by Mr Tannin – " toast " .
Yet the men glossed over the situation and deceived investors in two ways , it is alleged .
First , Mr Tannin said he was putting more of his own money into the funds , when in fact he did not invest a single cent of the $ 1 m that was available in his bank account .
Mr Cioffi , meanwhile , secretly withdrew $ 2 m of his money .
Second , Mr Cioffi denied any major investor was planning to pull out , when he had already received a major redemption request .
More than a dozen friends and family crammed in to the few public benches , and more spilled into an overflow room as the trial got under way .
While the prosecution aimed to distil the case for jurors into a handful of straightforward lies , it was clear yesterday that the defence will portray the events of 2007 as much more nuanced – and highly complicated .
In an idiosyncratic opening statement , Mr Cioffi 's lawyer , Dane Butswinkas , launched into an educational session on high finance .
At one point , he used waste - paper baskets in an attempt to explain how hedge funds worked .
The prosecution is unfairly " cherry - picking from thousands and thousands of emails " , Mr Butswinkas complained .
" It is easier to call the right play on Monday morning after the game on Sunday , and it is always easier to pick the right investment strategy after the fact .
Hindsight is 20 - 20 . "
Mr Cioffi was described by Mr Butswinkas as a man who reached a high level on Wall Street through talent and hard work .
He came to New York in the late Seventies " with $ 200 in a slightly worn - out pouch " and " with hopes of being a banker " .
Mr Tannin 's defence team will give their opening arguments this morning .
The trial promises to be a bitter fight between prosecutors , who accuse the pair of lying and manipulating evidence , and defence lawyers , who say the men are being made scapegoats for a financial crisis that was not of their making .
The outcome could also be a harbinger of things to come , as the US Justice Department considers bringing cases against even bigger fish on Wall Street .
" This is not a revenge opportunity , " the 75 - year - old judge , Frederic Block , had told prospective jurors .
Neither Mr Cioffi nor Mr Tannin is charged with " causing " the credit crisis .
They are charged with behaving dishonestly when the crisis began to break .
The pair were traders in mortgage securities , curators of two hedge funds that invested in debt which is now known to have been toxic but which had seemed to promise great riches .
They worked at the long end of the chain that stretched from overheated housing markets in the south and west of the US , where millions of buyers were tempted into taking on mortgages they could not afford .
Those mortgages were sliced and diced by Wall Street and turned into securities which could be bought and sold as if they were shares .
Credit rating agencies had certified the Bear Stearns funds ' mortgage derivative portfolio as super - safe ; the defendants ' superiors at Bear Stearns and the funds ' outside investors believed they were taking little risk .
The question is when the two managers realised this was far from true .
Messrs Cioffi and Tannin face 20 years in jail if they are found guilty of the securities fraud .
Mr Cioffi is additionally charged with insider dealing .
By By Kevin Jess Sep 2 , 2009 in Technology Augmented reality is heading our way , and this new generation of software has the potential to change our lives and how we view the world around us .
Imagine computer generated graphics being integrated and applied to the real world as you are walking down the street .
For instance , you might be on vacation in Halifax , Nova Scotia and while on a walking tour you stop in front of Government House .
You want to know more about it , such as what it is used for and it 's history .
Today we would use our guide book that we picked up at a local tourist information center .
With augmented reality applications you would n't need these soon to be relics .
Instead , you would use your cell phone .
By focusing your camera phone on Government House you would see all of this information on screen , clicking on links for more information , or quickly accessing a map .
The idea is n't new , but with the latest generation of mobile phones , many of which have a compass and GPS , 3G mobile internet access and a growing range of mobile applications , there is nothing to stop augmented reality from entering the mainstream .
Google ’s Android phones can already use some of the best augmented reality applications .
One of those now available is Wikitude , which overlays what you are looking at with information about points of interest based on where the user points the phone ’s camera .
Simply by activating the phone ’s camera mode and then panning it across buildings and locations , Wikitude pulls in information based on where you are located .
Augmented Reality Tech Discovery Augmented reality displays , one of which is a cell phone will eventually look like a normal pair of glasses , or even contact lenses , where informative graphics will appear in your field of view , and audio will coincide with whatever you see .
Graphics , audio and other sense enhancements would , in fact be superimposed over what you are looking at in the real world , in real time reports Toymakers are also getting in on the action .
Mattel is building the technology into a line of action figures to tie in with Other applications now available are Twittaround , Traffic Views , Layar and Nearest Tube .
Computer graphics have become much more sophisticated since Pong entered the arcades and our homes in the early 1970's .
Since then , computer graphics have steadily improved and have become very realistic and soon they will become very real .
Imagine computer generated graphics being integrated and applied to the real world as you are walking down the street .
For instance , you might be on vacation in Halifax , Nova Scotia and while on a walking tour you stop in front of Government House .
You want to know more about it , such as what it is used for and it 's history .
Today we would use our guide book that we picked up at a local tourist information center .
With augmented reality applications you would n't need these soon to be relics .
Instead , you would use your cell phone .
By focusing your camera phone on Government House you would see all of this information on screen , clicking on links for more information , or quickly accessing a map .
The idea is n't new , but with the latest generation of mobile phones , many of which have a compass and GPS , 3G mobile internet access and a growing range of mobile applications , there is nothing to stop augmented reality from entering the mainstream .
Google ’s Android phones can already use some of the best augmented reality applications .
One of those now available is Wikitude , which overlays what you are looking at with information about points of interest based on where the user points the phone ’s camera .
Simply by activating the phone ’s camera mode and then panning it across buildings and locations , Wikitude pulls in information based on where you are located .
The technology even works with people .
A Swedish company is working on an application called Augmented ID , which puts facial recognition and photo tagging together to provide personal information .
You could use your phone ’s camera to frame someone ’s face in order to bring up details of their social networking profiles , their business card , or even a criminal record such as a sex offender reports the Telegraph Augmented reality displays , one of which is a cell phone will eventually look like a normal pair of glasses , or even contact lenses , where informative graphics will appear in your field of view , and audio will coincide with whatever you see .
Graphics , audio and other sense enhancements would , in fact be superimposed over what you are looking at in the real world , in real time reports HowStuffWorks Toymakers are also getting in on the action .
Mattel is building the technology into a line of action figures to tie in with Avatar , the upcoming 3D film directed by James Cameron .
Each toy will come with an iTag ; a small plastic card that children can hold up to their web cam .
When the computer recognizes the card , a three - dimensional image is superimposed over the card on the computer screen , giving the child information about their action figure ’s character and even the ability to “ manipulate ” the character or vehicle on - screen by pushing virtual “ buttons ” .
Other applications now available are Twittaround , Traffic Views , Layar and Nearest Tube .
More about Augmented , Reality , Technology augmented reality technology
Mr Voitenko said it was nonsense to suggest pirates had been involved A journalist has fled Russia after suggesting the Arctic Sea cargo ship that was apparently hijacked in July may have been carrying illegal weapons .
Mikhail Voitenko said he had been told to leave Moscow or face arrest .
The editor of Sovfracht , an online maritime journal , fled on Wednesday , saying he may not be able to return as his life would be in danger .
Eight men , mainly from Estonia , have been charged with hijacking and piracy over the case .
The men are suspected of seizing the ship and its 15 - man Russian crew after raiding it disguised as police .
The alleged hijackers were taken to Russia after the ship was spotted 300 miles ( 480 km ) off the west coast of Africa on 16 August .
Secret shipment Mr Voitenko - who was among the first to cast doubt on official explanations about the ship 's disappearance - told the BBC it was nonsense to suggest pirates had been involved .
Eight men have been charged with hijacking and piracy over the case Instead he suggested the ship may have been carrying a secret shipment of weapons as part of a private business deal by state officials .
Speaking to the BBC from Turkey , Mr Voitenko said he had received a threatening phone call from " serious people " whom he suggested may have been members of Russia 's intelligence agency , the FSB .
The caller told Mr Voitenko that those involved in the mysterious case of the Arctic Sea were very angry with him because he had spoken publicly , and were planning on taking action against him , he said .
" As long as I am out of Russia I feel safe , " Mr Voitenko told the BBC .
" At least they wo n't be able to get me back to Russia and convict [ me ] . "
He also said Nato knew exactly what had happened to the Arctic Sea .
A Nato spokesman said the alliance had been in contact with Russia throughout the crisis , but would not say anything more .
The FSB refused to comment on the allegations .
Further inspection Mystery continues to surround the ship 's disappearance , amid speculation the ship may have been intercepted by Mossad - Israel 's foreign intelligence service - in order to prevent a shipment of illegal arms to the Middle East .
There has been much speculation over what actually happened on the ship
The 4,000 - tonne Maltese - flagged vessel vanished in July days after leaving Finland with an apparent cargo of timber worth $ 1.8 m ( £ 1.1 m ) , destined for the Algerian port of Bejaia .
Observers have questioned why the alleged hijackers would risk seizing the Arctic Sea in one of Europe 's busiest shipping lanes for a relatively inexpensive cargo .
Russian authorities said nothing suspicious was found aboard the ship when it was found last month , but have said a more thorough inspection would be carried out when the Arctic Sea arrives in the Russian port of Novorossiisk .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Is the American consumer forever changed ?
Did the current recession alter the seemingly unrelenting spending machine known as the American consumer ?
From early indications , it looks like some habits will be changed for a very long time .
This is a big shift given the nearly endless round of bubbles in the past 30 years culminating with the stunningly manic housing bubble .
But many Americans are now feeling the credit withdrawal pains .
For many , the endless stream of credit card offers has turned into a trickle and in many cases , a complete drought .
Much of this is being brought about by a new found austerity and even shunning of consumption .
In a recent survey by Gallup , they found that 48 percent of Americans making $ 60,000 or less would be unable to make a big purchase if they had to :
Why this is important is that 50 percent of our U.S households make $ 50,000 or less .
When you see data like this you can understand the motivation for massive incentives like cash for clunkers .
But interestingly enough , many when asked if they have enough money to buy the things they need many stated that they did :
This data somewhat goes in the face of the other chart but part of this is due to the new austerity .
In times like this , a want and a need are very different things .
I am sure that many Americans are finding a new found respect for their jobs in light of the 26 million unemployed and underemployed Americans .
Many now realizing they have to depend on their own savings and not credit , are starting to sock some money away :
The simplicity here is that with more saving , Americans are also spending less which the above graph highlights .
Retail sales have fallen off a cliff .
Although things might be stabilizing , the halcyon days of the bubble are long gone .
There must be a new normal .
And those who are out of work are finding it harder to land a new job :
This is one of the more difficult things of this recession .
Companies are not hiring in large numbers .
Even as the amount of layoffs tapers , company hiring remains at record lows .
The long - term unemployed are a significant part of the population .
Many of these people are doing very little consumption .
And personal income has fallen at the fast pace in record keeping history :
When we look at data like this , it is easy to understand why Americans depended so much on the credit bubble to make things appear as they once did .
It was only a matter of time before the piper would be paid .
With that , personal consumption expenditures have declined drastically :
Even with all the bailouts , the average American employee is finding it harder and harder to go back to how things were .
And that is probably one problem with our current lull .
The assumption is that it is only a matter of months before we are back to “ normal ” spending .
If you look at the above charts , those days are long gone .
Many baby boomers are entering retirement and they are trading security over spending .
Given the wild casino like movements in the S&P 500 , stability might be a sought after commodity .
The American consumer is altered for a generation thanks to a decade of easy money and debt induced spending .
Many are realizing that 1 plasma TV is just as good as 3 .
A new normal will emerge from this crisis .
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today ’s challenging market !
Past President of the Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers of New Jersey
If you have been arrested for a serious crime , your freedom , your reputation — your life as you know it — could depend on the decisions you make in the first 24 hours .
Do not talk to police , your employer , the newspapers or anyone else about your arrest .
Any attempt you make to explain the situation could only make matters worse and may work against certain legal defenses .
Instead , contact Newark criminal lawyer Joseph D. Rotella .
Free Consultation • Call 973-621-0333 or send an email• 33 years of experience
Any attorney can say he or she is skilled and experienced .
However , when your freedom is at stake , you need more than just a lawyer 's own statements .
You would not want to have open - heart surgery from a doctor who was not certified by a medical board .
Like doctors , lawyers are certified as to their experience and competence in legal specialties by independent organizations .
As a Newark criminal attorney , I am certified by both the New Jersey Supreme Court and the National Board of Trial Advocacy .
I am one of only four lawyers in New Jersey to hold both certifications .
I have also been selected for inclusion in New Jersey Super Lawyers every year from 2006 to 2015 .
Any Court , Any Crime , Any Time
My Newark law firm handles cases in federal courts , state courts and municipal courts throughout New Jersey , including places like Essex County , Morris County and Passaic County .
I am known for diligence , creativity and trial skills .
I can help you fight your charges , whether they involve a federal crime such as health care fraud , a gun crime or drug offense in state court , or a traffic ticket in municipal court .
20 October 2009 , 15:09
Yesterday ’s New York Times carries an article by John Tierney about the 95th anniversary of the king of mathematical puzzles , Martin Gardner .
The article is so well done that I will not even try a summary , referring you instead directly to it [ 1 ] .
Just one detail worthy of note : when he undertook to write a monthly puzzle column for Scientific American at the age of 37 , Gardner “ had never taken a math course beyond high school .
He had struggled with calculus and considered himself poor at solving basic mathematical puzzles , let alone creating them . ”
Logical and mathematical puzzles are a great way to keep the mind alert ; one of the attractions of going to meetings of IFIP Working Group 2.3 on Programming Methodology [ 2 ] is that members constantly tease each other with puzzles of diverse nature and difficulty ; Rustan Leino , the group ’s current secretary , keeps a fascinating collection on one of his Web pages [ 3 ] .
It would be imprudent to promise anything like a “ monthly puzzle ” here , but let me at least announce an “ occasional series ” , which is not too harsh a commitment , and propose the first installment today .
This little teaser is definitely original : The Case of the Handsome Couple .
At a dinner , one couple stands out as particularly hansome ; both the wife and the husband ( Alina and Luca ) .
Conversation turns to the inevitable question : “ How did you two meet ? ” .
“ Interesting indeed ” , says the wife .
“ It was love at first sight : I was walking and came face to face with Luca ; on the spot , I knew he was the one . ”
“ Tell us more !
Where and how ? ”
“ It was in Prague .
I was walking along the Pařížská avenue , this kind of Champs - Élysées of Prague , window - shopping at the luxury shops .
Then my Blackberry rang ; I picked it up .
I heard an unknown voice , telling me to start walking clockwise around the block .
For some reason I felt compelled to obey it ; soon after I came face to face with him .
You know the rest . ”
The host turns to Luca : “ How was it for you ? ”
“ Will you believe me : exactly the same !
I was actually , as we later reconstructed , on the other side of that same city block .
Suddenly my iPhone rang and I heard that strange voice ordering me to keep walking clockwise around the block .
And suddenly I find myself face to face with her !
You see the result . ”
It ’s a normal city block , and they were both faithfully obeying the injunction to walk clockwise , yet met face to face .
How was that possible ?
References
[ 1 ] John Tierney : For Decades , Puzzling People With Mathematics , in New York Times , 19 October 2009 , available here .
[ 2 ] IFIP WG 2.3 , Programming Methodology : see the group ’s Web page .
[ 3 ] Rustan Leino ’s puzzle collection at research.microsoft.com/en-us/um/people/leino/puzzles.html .
( Disclaimer : Rustan says he obtained two puzzles — originally from other sources — through me . )
VN : F [ 1.9.10 _1130 ]
please wait ...
Rating : 10.0/10 ( 1 vote cast )
VN : F [ 1.9.10 _1130 ]
Rating : +1 ( from 1 vote )
, 10.0 out of 10 based on 1 rating
My Deany - sense is going off big - time .
Alan Grayson is a star -- a real progressive star .
He does n't give a shit about whether the Republicans ' feelings are hurt or whether the insurance industry will start donating .
$ 31 million of your own money will do that .
Of course the usual reactionary wingnut churls will call him a hypocrite and ask why he does n't use his own money to buy health insurance for others .
After all , their hero , Eric Cantor , told a woman to have her cancer - stricken friend beg for charity .
It 's how Republicans think : I Got Mine and Fuck You .
Alan Grayson should pay for health care .
He should pay more than we do , because he has more than we do .
It 's called taxes .
They 're supposed to work FOR people , instead of for waging pointless wars in countries that did nothing to us .
Grayson is dangerous to the established order .
He 's dangerous because he's not a pretty , slick lawyer with a big toothy smile like John Edwards .
He 's dangerous because he 's a smart Jewish guy from the Bronx ; a zhlubby , stocky guy with bad taste in suits and an unrepaired gap in his teeth who looks like a Mob enforcer and sounds like the class wag .
He appropriates Republican terms like " nattering nabobs of negativism " and turns them back on the obstructionists like a flaming turd .
He 's a master of the sound bite , but he 's rough around the edges .
The helmet - heads of the mainstream media ; the Tweetys and the Stephanopouli , the Noonans and the Buchanans , the Scarboroughs and the Frums , will all have the vapors at his unpolished exterior , his sometimes duh - sounding voice that belies a mind like a steel trap , and his unabashed liberalism .
And Grayson wo n't care .
He does n't have to .
Grayson can go back to the Aliance for Aging Research ( which he founded ) .
He can go back to the practice of government contracts law and represent whistleblowers .
But for our sake , we hope he does n't have to .
Because forget about the Republicans for a minute .
We need Grayson to try to keep his own party honest -- a party populated by corporatist whores like Max Baucus and Blanche Lincoln and Evan Bayh -- and Rahm Emanuel .
We need Grayson to stay there and MAKE them honest brokers .
And I hope he learned from Howard Dean 's experience in dealing with the hackocracy that when you are the embodiment of the party 's conscience , you have to watch your back every stinkin ' minute .
( Update for " Grayheads " : Video from Grayson 's Town
Hall meeting , 10/12/09 . )
Labels : Alan Grayson , Democrats with balls , Progressives
Somewhere in the thousands of words in Scribblenauts ' massive dictionary , there is one that , whether developer 5th Cell intended it or not , comes off as more than a little racist .
The word in question is " sambo , " which is , yes , a particularly lethal form of martial arts practiced in Russia , but also a racial slur for black people with quite a history .
Go ahead , it 's in your copy of Scribblenauts , too ( if you 're in the States , that is ) .
Type the word in , and what you get seems particularly inappropriate considering the connotations of the word : a watermelon .
Yikes .
This could n't have been on purpose , right ?
Developer 5th
Cell does n't have some sort of horrible hidden message they 're sending here , right ?
Of course not .
According to creative director Jeremiah Slaczka , the whole thing 's just an unfortunate accident brought on by his team 's ridiculous commitment to cramming every single word in the world into Scribblenauts .
Apparently , as Slaczka told Joystiq , " sambo " in the game functions as an alternative term for the phrase " fig leaf gourd , " which is used in an Ecuadorian dish called fanesca .
In Ecuador , the word for " fig leaf gourd " is sambo .
So the team was just trying to make it an absolute possibility that somebody in Ecuador or with a knowledge of Ecuadorian cuisine would be able to flex their knowledge in the most authentic way in this game .
Fig leaf gourds do look like watermelons , which would account for the appearance .
Indeed , the object that shows up when you summon a watermelon in Scribblenauts is the same one that shows up when you summon sambo .
It 's the same art .
" We reuse art , " Slaczka said .
" Fig leaf gourd looks a lot like a watermelon .
It 's just an alternative name in a giant list of tens of thousands of names . "
Slaczka , who said he did n't even know what " sambo " meant as a slur until now , went on to explain that his company is far from racist by citing the fact that many of the characters in Scribblenauts and previous 5th Cell games are black .
That 's kind of a flimsy defense , and an unnecessary one .
This just seems like a random and unfortunate accident .
Someone probably should have red flagged this during development , but when you 're dealing with 22,000 words or whatever , I suppose it could get hard to spot the trouble ones .
And yeah , somebody already did a riff on the Kanye West meme with this .
So just do n't even fire up MS Paint guys .
Ofcom are investigatingh British Muslim TV stations for helping to raise money for overseas mosques
Some of the TV channels under the spotlight are linked to a convicted fraudster .
The satellite stations have been airing all night “ fundathon ” appeals during the current Muslim holy month of Ramadan .
Much of the money is being raised by organisations in Pakistan and Bangladesh that have often just registered as UK charities .
As such , they have little traceable financial history and security sources are concerned how donations could be spent once transferred abroad .
Earlier this year , the head of the Stockport - based Green Crescent charity was arrested in Bangladesh after an arms cache was discovered at an Islamic school his organisation allegedly funded .
The latest appeals are being broadcast in Bengali and Urdu from TV studios in east London .
The charities urge Muslim viewers , many of them poor , to seek salvation by donating during Ramadan .
Channels have been announcing that they are raking in more than £ 100,000 a night .
Ofcom has been monitoring the broadcasts and is now investigating whether its rules have been broken .
Under its code , broadcasters can only run appeals if they do not charge for airtime .
However , a Sunday Express investigation has discovered that charities are being asked to pay up to £ 15,000 for an all night slot with viewers unaware that donations are being used to cover those costs .
The channels under Ofcom ’s glare are all available on the Sky satellite platform and broadcast to the large Muslim Bangladeshi diaspora throughout Europe .
They include Channel S , ATN Bangla , Bangla TV and Iqra TV .
There is no suggestion that any channel or charities broadcasting appeals are involved with terrorist activity .
According to Ofcom , licences for all channels are held by Channel S Global Ltd , a company founded by , and still run from , the east London offices of Mohammed Ferdhaus , a 36 - year - old businessman sentenced in August last year to 18 months in jail for an insurance fraud .
He served four months and launched an appeal against his conviction in July .
He said he has severed all links with Channel S , yet latest files at Companies House show him as the company secretary and sole shareholder .
During a Sunday Express investigation , TV bosses boasted to an undercover reporter that they could help charities raise hundreds of thousands of pounds every night during Ramadan , which started at the end of last month and is due to end next week .
A manager at ATN Bangla said that it had raised £ 181,000 in just one night for the Bangladeshi Islami University in Dhaka , an institution that registered as a UK charity just last year and which has no financial history in Britain .
Feroz Khan , the boss of Bangla TV , which is based in Hackney , east London , told our reporter , who was posing as a charity trustee , that fundraising slots for this year ’s Ramadan were sold out long ago .
A slot for next year could cost £ 12,000 , he said .
After revealing our identity , he said : “ We are not a charity , we would not give our time for free .
What we are doing is just like teleshopping .
It ’s part - advertising . ”
Asked whether he vetted fundraisers , he said : “ My job is to check they are a registered charity and where they are from and that ’s it .
I do n’t have the right to look at their accounts to see how they spend the money . ”
He said he did not “ have to tell Ofcom ” anything when asked whether he had notified the regulator of his charging policies .
A spokesman for Channel S insisted it charged just £ 600 for appeal slots , that viewers were aware of the costs and that all charities were strictly vetted .
A spokesman for Iqra TV said his was a benevolent educational channel that kept within at least the spirit of the law , while ATN Bangla declined to comment .
Tory MP Patrick Mercer said : “ There ’s no question that there has got to be a clear audit trail to ensure that funding is used for proper purposes .
The security implications are obvious . ”
In 1954 , when James ( Big Jim ) Folsom was running for a second term as governor of Alabama , he drove to Clayton , in Barbour County , to meet a powerful circuit - court judge . *
This was in the heart of the Deep South , at a time when Jim Crow was in full effect .
In Barbour County , the races did not mix , and white men were expected to uphold the privileges of their gender and color .
But when his car pulled up to the curb , where the judge was waiting , Folsom spotted two black men on the sidewalk .
He jumped out , shook their hands heartily , and only then turned to the stunned judge .
“ All men are just alike , ” Folsom liked to say .
Big Jim Folsom was six feet eight inches tall , and had the looks of a movie star .
He was a prodigious drinker , and a brilliant campaigner , who travelled around the state with a hillbilly string band called the Strawberry Pickers .
The press referred to him ( not always affectionately ) as Kissin ’ Jim , for his habit of grabbing the prettiest woman at hand .
Folsom was far and away the dominant figure in postwar Alabama politics — and he was a prime example of that now rare species of progressive Southern populist .
Folsom would end his speeches by brandishing a corn-shuck mop and promising a spring cleaning of the state capitol .
He was against the Big Mules , as the entrenched corporate interests were known .
He worked to extend the vote to disenfranchised blacks .
He wanted to equalize salaries between white and black schoolteachers .
He routinely commuted the death sentences of blacks convicted in what he believed were less than fair trials .
He made no attempt to segregate the crowd at his inaugural address .
“ Ya ’ll come , ” he would say to one and all , making a proud and lonely stand for racial justice .
Big Jim Folsom left office in 1959 .
The next year , a young Southern woman published a novel set in mid-century Alabama about one man ’s proud and lonely stand for racial justice .
The woman was Harper Lee and the novel was “ To Kill a Mockingbird , ” and one way to make sense of Lee ’s classic — and of a controversy that is swirling around the book on the eve of its fiftieth anniversary — is to start with Big Jim Folsom .
The Alabama of Folsom — and Lee — was marked by a profound localism .
Political scientists call it the “ friends and neighbors ” effect .
“ Alabama voters rarely identified with candidates on the basis of issues , ” George Sims writes in his biography of Folsom , “ The Little Man ’s Best Friend . ”
“ Instead , they tended to give greatest support to the candidate whose home was nearest their own . ”
Alabama was made up of “ island communities , ” each dominated by a small clique of power brokers , known as a “ courthouse ring . ”
There were no Republicans to speak of in the Alabama of that era , only Democrats .
Politics was not ideological .
It was personal .
What it meant to be a racial moderate , in that context , was to push for an informal accommodation between black and white .
“ Big Jim did not seek a fundamental shift of political power or a revolution in social mores , ” Sims says .
Folsom operated out of a sense of noblesse oblige : privileged whites , he believed , ought to “ adopt a more humanitarian attitude ” toward blacks .
When the black Harlem congressman Adam Clayton Powell , Jr. , came to Montgomery , on a voter - registration drive , Folsom invited him to the Governor ’s Mansion for a Scotch - and - soda .
That was simply good manners .
Whenever he was accused of being too friendly to black people , Folsom shrugged .
His assumption was that Negroes were citizens , just like anyone else .
“ I just never did get all excited about our colored brothers , ” he once said .
“ We have had them here for three hundred years and we will have them for another three hundred years . ”
Folsom was not a civil - rights activist .
Activists were interested in using the full , impersonal force of the law to compel equality .
In fact , the Supreme Court ’s landmark desegregation ruling in Brown v. Board of Education ended Folsom ’s career , because the racial backlash that it created drove moderates off the political stage .
The historian Michael Klarman writes , “ Virtually no southern politician could survive in this political environment without toeing the massive resistance line , and in most states politicians competed to occupy the most extreme position on the racial spectrum . ”
Folsom lost his job to the segregationist John Patterson , who then gave way to the radical George Wallace .
In Birmingham , which was quietly liberalizing through the early nineteen - fifties , Bull Connor ( who notoriously set police dogs on civil - rights marchers in the nineteen - sixties ) had been in political exile .
It was the Brown decision that brought him back .
Old - style Southern liberalism — gradual and paternalistic — crumbled in the face of liberalism in the form of an urgent demand for formal equality .
Activism proved incompatible with Folsomism .
On what side was Harper Lee ’s Atticus Finch ?
Finch defended Tom Robinson , the black man falsely accused of what in nineteen - thirties Alabama was the gravest of sins , the rape of a white woman .
In the years since , he has become a role model for the legal profession .
But he ’s much closer to Folsom ’s side of the race question than he is to the civil - rights activists who were arriving in the South as Lee wrote her novel .
Think about the scene that serves as the book ’s centerpiece .
Finch is at the front of the courtroom with Robinson .
The jury files in .
In the balcony , the book ’s narrator — Finch ’s daughter , Jean Louise , or Scout , as she ’s known — shuts her eyes .
“ Guilty , ” the first of the jurors says .
“ Guilty , ” the second says , and down the line : “ guilty , guilty , guilty . ”
Finch gathers his papers into his briefcase .
He says a quiet word to his client , gathers his coat off the back of his chair , and walks , head bowed , out of the courtroom .
“ Someone was punching me , but I was reluctant to take my eyes from the people below us , and from the image of Atticus ’s lonely walk down the aisle , ” Scout relates , in one of American literature ’s most moving passages :
“ Miss Jean Louise ? ” I looked around .
They were standing .
All around us and in the balcony on the opposite wall , the Negroes were getting to their feet .
Reverend Sykes ’s voice was as distant as Judge Taylor ’s : “ Miss Jean Louise , stand up .
Your father ’s passin’ . ”
If Finch were a civil - rights hero , he would be brimming with rage at the unjust verdict .
But he is n’t .
He ’s not Thurgood Marshall looking for racial salvation through the law .
He ’s Jim Folsom , looking for racial salvation through hearts and minds .
“ If you can learn a simple trick , Scout , you ’ll get along a lot better with all kinds of folks , ” Finch tells his daughter .
“ You never really understand a person until you consider things from his point of view . . . until you climb into his skin and walk around in it . ”
He is never anything but gracious to his neighbor Mrs. Dubose , even though she considers him a “ nigger - lover . ”
He forgives the townsfolk of Maycomb for the same reason .
They are suffering from a “ sickness , ” he tells Scout — the inability to see a black man as a real person .
All men , he believes , are just alike .
Here is where the criticism of Finch begins , because the hearts - and - minds approach is about accommodation , not reform .
At one point , Scout asks him if it is O.K. to hate Hitler .
Finch answers , firmly , that it is not O.K. to hate anyone .
Really ?
Not even Hitler ?
When his children bring up the subject of the Ku Klux Klan ’s presence in Maycomb , he shrugs : “ Way back about nineteen - twenty there was a Klan , but it was a political organization more than anything .
Besides , they could n’t find anyone to scare .
They paraded by Mr. Sam Levy ’s house one night , but Sam just stood on his porch and told ’em things had come to a pretty pass .
. . .
Sam made ’em so ashamed of themselves they went away . ”
Someone in Finch ’s historical position would surely have been aware of the lynching of Leo Frank in Marietta , Georgia , in 1915 .
Frank was convicted , on dubious evidence , of murdering a thirteen - year - old girl , Mary Phagan .
The prosecutor in the case compared Frank to Judas Iscariot , and the crowd outside the courthouse shouted , “ Hang the Jew ! ” Anti-Semitism of the most virulent kind was embedded in the social fabric of the Old South .
But Finch does not want to deal with the existence of anti-Semitism .
He wants to believe in the fantasy of Sam Levy , down the street , giving the Klan a good scolding .
In the middle of the novel , after Tom Robinson ’s arrest , Finch spends the night in front of the Maycomb jail , concerned that a mob might come down and try to take matters into its own hands .
Sure enough , one does , led by a poor white farmer , Walter Cunningham .
The mob eventually scatters , and the next morning Finch tries to explain the night ’s events to Scout .
Here again is a test for Finch ’s high - minded equanimity .
He likes Walter Cunningham .
Cunningham is , to his mind , the right sort of poor white farmer : a man who refuses a W.P.A. handout and who scrupulously repays
Finch for legal work with a load of stove wood , a sack of hickory nuts , and a crate of smilax and holly .
Against this ,
Finch must weigh the fact that Cunningham also leads lynch mobs against black people .
So what does he do ?
Once again , he puts personal ties first .
Cunningham , Finch tells his daughter , is “ basically a good man , ” who “ just has his blind spots along with the rest of us . ”
Blind spots ?
As the legal scholar Monroe Freedman has written , “ It just happens that Cunningham ’s blind spot ( along with the rest of us ? ) is a homicidal hatred of black people . ”
Finch will stand up to racists .
He ’ll use his moral authority to shame them into silence .
He will leave the judge standing on the sidewalk while he shakes hands with Negroes .
What he will not do is look at the problem of racism outside the immediate context of Mr. Cunningham , Mr. Levy , and the island community of Maycomb , Alabama .
Folsom was the same way .
He knew the frailties of his fellow - Alabamians when it came to race .
But he could not grasp that those frailties were more than personal — that racism had a structural dimension .
After he was elected governor a second time , in 1955 , Folsom organized the first inaugural ball for blacks in Alabama ’s history .
That ’s a very nice gesture .
Yet it does n’t undermine segregation to give Negroes their own party .
It makes it more palatable .
Folsom ’s focus on the personal was also the reason that he was blindsided by Brown .
He simply did n’t have an answer to the Court ’s blunt and principled conclusion that separate was not equal .
For a long time , Folsom simply ducked questions about integration .
When he could no longer duck , he wriggled .
And the wriggling was n’t attractive .
Sims writes :
In the spring of 1955 , he repeated portions of his campaign program that touched the issue of desegregation tangentially and claimed that he had already made his position “ plain , simple , and clear . ”
He frequently repeated his pledge that he would not force black children to go to school with white children .
It was an ambiguous promise that sounded like the words of a segregationist without specifically opposing segregation .
Speaking to the Alabama Education Association in 1955 , the governor recommended a school construction bond issue and implied that the money would help prolong segregation by improving the physical facilities of Negro schools .
“ Sometimes I wonder what life would be like with you . ”
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Shopping
One of Atticus Finch ’s strongest critics has been the legal scholar Steven Lubet , and Lubet ’s arguments are a good example of how badly the brand of Southern populism Finch represents has aged over the past fifty years .
Lubet ’s focus is the main event of “ To Kill a Mockingbird ” — Finch ’s defense of Tom Robinson .
In “ Reconstructing Atticus Finch , ” in the Michigan Law Review , Lubet points out that Finch does not have a strong case .
The putative rape victim , Mayella Ewell , has bruises on her face , and the supporting testimony of her father , Robert E. Lee Ewell .
Robinson concedes that he was inside the Ewell house , and that some kind of sexual activity took place .
The only potentially exculpatory evidence Finch can come up with is that Mayella ’s bruises are on the right side of her face while Robinson ’s left arm , owing to a childhood injury , is useless .
Finch presents this fact with great fanfare .
But , as Lubet argues , it ’s not exactly clear why a strong right - handed man ca n’t hit a much smaller woman on the right side of her face .
Could n’t she have turned her head ?
Could n’t he have hit her with a backhanded motion ?
Given the situation , Finch designs his defense , Lubet says , “ to exploit a virtual catalog of misconceptions and fallacies about rape , each one calculated to heighten mistrust of the female complainant . ”
Here is the crucial moment of Robinson ’s testimony .
Under Finch ’s patient prodding , he has described how he was walking by the Ewell property when Mayella asked him to come inside , to help her dismantle a piece of furniture .
The house , usually crowded with Mayella ’s numerous sisters and brothers , was empty .
“ I say where the chillun ? ” Robinson testifies , “ an ’ she says — she was laughin’ , sort of — she says they all gone to town to get ice creams .
She says , ‘ Took me a slap year to save seb ’m nickels , but I done it .
They all gone to town . ’ ” She then asked him to stand on a chair and get a box down from the chifforobe .
She “ hugged him ” around the waist .
Robinson goes on :
“ She reached up an ’ kissed me ’ side of th’ face .
She says she never kissed a grown man before an’ she might as well kiss a nigger .
She says what her papa do to her do n’t count .
She says , ‘ Kiss me back nigger . ’
I say Miss Mayella lemme outa here an’ tried to run but she got her back to the door an ’ I ’da had to push her .
I did n’t wanta harm her , Mr. Finch , an’ I say lemme pass , but just when I say it Mr. Ewell yonder hollered through th’ window . ”
“ What did he say ? ” . . .
Tom Robinson shut his eyes tight .
“ He says you goddam whore , I ’ll kill ya . ”
Mayella plotted for a year , saving her pennies so she could clear the house of her siblings .
Then she lay in wait for Robinson , in the fervent hope that he would come by that morning .
“ She knew full well the enormity of her offense , ” Finch tells the jury , in his summation , “ but because her desires were stronger than the code she was breaking , she persisted in breaking it . ”
For a woman to be portrayed as a sexual aggressor in the Jim Crow South was a devastating charge .
Lubet writes :
The “ she wanted it ” defense in this case was particularly harsh .
Here is what it said about Mayella :
She was so starved for sex that she spent an entire year scheming for a way to make it happen .
She was desperate for a man , any man .
She repeatedly grabbed at Tom and would n’t let him go , barring the door when he respectfully tried to disentangle himself .
And in case Mayella had any dignity left after all that , it had to be insinuated that she had sex with her father .
It is useful , once again , to consider Finch ’s conduct in the light of the historical South of his time .
The scholar Lisa Lindquist Dorr has examined two hundred and eighty - eight cases of black - on - white rape that occurred in Virginia between 1900 and 1960 .
Seventeen of the accused were killed through “ extra legal violence ” — that is to say , lynched .
Fifty were executed .
Forty - eight were given the maximum sentence .
Fifty - two were sentenced to prison terms of five years or less , on charges ranging from rape and murder to robbery , assault and battery , or “ annoying a white woman . ”
Thirty - five either were acquitted or had their charges dismissed .
A not inconsiderable number had their sentences commuted by the governor .
There are few things in politics more annoying than the right 's utter conviction that it owns the patent on the word " freedom " that when its leaders stand up for the rights of banks to be unregulated or capital gains to be untaxed , that it is actually and obviously standing up for human liberty , the noblest cause of them all .
Equally annoying is the silence of Democratic Party leaders on the subject .
They spend their careers hearing this fatuous argument from the other side , but challenging conservatism 's claim to freedom ...
I just finished watching the animated movie Superman / Batman : Pubic Enemies .
I liked the film , but I do n’t think I have it in me to write a full - on review of the movie right now .
Bottom line , it was enjoyable .
Give it a try .
What did catch my eye was the sneak peek for an upcoming DC animated film entitled Justice League : Crisis on Two Earths due in Spring 2010 .
This looks to be a great story featuring the Justice League ’s evil counterparts from a parallel Earth , the Crime Syndicate .
I ’ve always been a fan of the Crime Syndicate , so this is something I ’m really looking forward to .
More importantly , looks like Justice League Detroit have cameos in the film !
Or to be more specific , Crime Syndicate versions of the Justice League Detroit .
Hooray !
That will make Frank and I happy .
Not sure if anyone else cares .
Here are some screen shots I took from the Justice League : Crisis on Two Earths featurette on the Superman / Batman : Public Enemies DVD .
Below is a shot of the Crime Syndicate Vixen with Crime Syndicate Elongated Man in the background .
In this shot she looks a little like Kraven the Hunter .
Below is another shot with Crime Syndicate Elongated Man , but this time he ’s joined by two other women .
I believe the woman in the center is the Crime Syndicate Halo , but I ca n’t be sure .
If so , I ’m not entirely sure how Halo fits into the Justice League Detroit scene .
The woman on the right is the Crime Syndicate Gypsy .
During the scene with the Justice League Detroit , the person below walked across the room .
We did n’t see anything other than their legs .
I ’m hoping this is the Crime Syndicate Zatanna .
Below is the Crime Syndicate Vibe along with Superwoman ( Wonder Woman of the Crime Syndicate ) .
Below are a couple shots of Crime Syndicate Vibe in action .
I love how they modernized his look .
The only thing missing is a hoodie , then he ’d look just right for nowadays .
The footage we ’ve seen shows the Martian Manhunter quite a bit .
Hopefully there will be a Crime Syndicate version of him .
Additionally , it ’d be nice if we saw Crime Syndicate versions of Aquaman and Steel too .
If we ’re really dreaming big , how about Dale Gunn ?
Below is a sneak peek of Justice League : Crisis on Two Earths .
It ’s not exactly the same as the featurette on the DVD , but quite similar .
Be sure to watch for the Justice League Detroit appearances .
If you ’re a fan of Justice League Detroit , be sure to check out Frank ’s blog dedicated to that team .
Oh yeah , the casting of Mark Harmon as the voice of Superman was brilliant .
After many months of hard , fun , frustrating & rewarding work , I am happy to announce the first public release of the OpenZoom SDK .
What Is the OpenZoom SDK ?
The OpenZoom SDK is a free & open source toolkit for delivering high - resolution images and Zoomable User Interfaces ( ZUIs ) to the web and desktop .
It is built on top of the Adobe Flash Platform which means you can use it in Flash , Flex , ActionScript & AIR projects equally well .
Showcase
Gigapixel Photography GigapixelPhotography.com — Dugg almost 5000 times on digg.com .
Alba Water AlbaWater.com.vn — Stunning microsite for Alba Water .
Is This Your Luggage ?
Remix of the famous IsThisYourLuggage.com .
Powered by OpenZoom .
Development
While the development of the OpenZoom SDK originally started in Subversion on Google Code1 , I have meanwhile successfully and happily migrated it to Git and GitHub .
Having the OpenZoom SDK hosted on GitHub means you can browse the history , fork the project , watch its progress , download tags & branches or just quietly enjoy the power & simplicity of the Git version control system .
Community
The OpenZoom project has a thriving community over at Get Satisfaction with 82 + topics posted , 95 + people participating and me answering questions and addressing bugs in matters of hours .
Unless there ’s something confidential about your project or you plan to ask me for my bank account for donations , I promise you ’ll get a quicker answer on Get Satisfaction than by emailing me .
License
In order to encourage a broad ( ab)use of the OpenZoom SDK , I ’ve added two additional licenses under which you can use it .
The OpenZoom SDK is now licensed under MPL 1.1/ GPL 3/LGPL 3 .
This licensing model was adopted from the famous Mozilla foundation and their products I love so much : Firefox and Thunderbird .
Although I ’m not a big fan of lawyers either , I strongly recommend you carefully read the licensing terms of the available licenses , choose the one that suits you & your project best and consult with a lawyer if you have questions .
You should never assume anything .
With the current licensing model I want to encourage all kinds of projects & products powered by the OpenZoom SDK while ensuring the constant evolution of OpenZoom SDK , including third - party improvements .
Should your project require a different kind of licensing scheme , please contact me at daniel@gasienica.ch .
Attribution
Besides publishing any source code as required by the license you chose , please attribute your use of the OpenZoom SDK by creating a context menu entry with the caption About OpenZoom ... linked to http://openzoom.org/.
Thanks .
Download & Documentation
Get the latest OpenZoom SDK , including source code , documentation , SWC library and 14 examples for Flash CS3 , Flash CS4 , Flex & ActionScript projects .
Download OpenZoom SDK ( ZIP )
After you ’ve downloaded the SDK , please read the OpenZoom SDK API documentation .
Follow
Keep up with the development progress of the OpenZoom SDK through Twitter and Facebook :
Donations Support the future development of the OpenZoom SDK and other OpenZoom projects with a donation :
Stats
Footnote
In the past month there has been a spate of news about V that could be interpreted as imminent failure .
While the season premiere is still a month away , I have an uneasy feeling from these reports that V may not last very long .
First there was the news of a halt in production .
There was a couple ideas out there .
One was that the producers for the remake wanted to take Ken Johnson , the original creator of V , off the credits which would save them money .
The thought was the the new show is so different that it can't be considered a remake .
Supposedly the the WGA resolved this by deeming it a remake , forcing them to pay Ken Johnson royalties .
The other idea which seems to have more credibility was to allow the writers to beef of their scripts .
After an amazing well - received pilot episode , you 'd think the writers would have everything set , but ABC seems to think the following episodes wo n't live up to expectations or simply are n't good .
Filming has continued , but if ABC thought the scripts needed to be improved , that certainly is something to worry about .
Then there was news the other day of a major scheduling change by ABC .
The premiere is still set for November 4 , but they are going to only show 4 episodes and then air the rest after the Winter Olympics .
There is a rationale for this .
The last of the 4 episodes will probably have a huge cliffhanger that will keep everyone talking .
Viewership goes down in the winter and ABC will be able to promote the show heavily during Lost and Flash Forward .
Here 's the problem though .
This move indicates a lack of confidence from ABC .
How many people want to watch a show with a huge possibility of cancellation ?
How many viewers will want to come back after several months and only 4 episodes ?
The 4 episodes will have to really grab people so they will come back after such long of a layoff .
Many series that have extended breaks are established shows with solid fan bases .
I doubt V can get very many dedicated fans with just 4 episodes .
If ABC is having trepidation about the show , why do n't they move the series premiere after the Winter Olympics ?
They can air the series continuously without breaks and keep the the viewers from the first episode to the last .
My hope is that they play the 4 episodes before the show comes back in 2010 .
If not , people might not want to watch without knowing what 's going on .
Whatever their thinking is , expect heavy promotion on ABC in an attempt to salvage the series .
ABC better have an amazing plan or I predict a cancellation .
I 'm not being negative , in fact , I watched the original miniseries , The Final Battle miniseries , and even the crap TV series , so I am a fan of the franchise .
Do n't get me wrong , I 'm just looking at reality and it does not look good .
With a star studded lineup , experienced crew , and an exceptional first episode ( hearsay ) , the show should have had no problems .
But here we are , the show is clearly in trouble and we 'll have to deal with it .
Assuming the writing is n't that great , the cast should be able to carry the show to a certain extent .
Just the cast of Elizabeth Mitchell , Morena Baccarin , and Scott Wolf should keep people interested .
I 'll keep my fingers crossed .
Since we 've on the topic of V , I 'm supposed to be writing reviews for V on BSCreview.com .
Nothing is official yet , but I 've exchanged emails from them , so if all goes well , look for my reviews there .
Pittsburgh
' Much better is this great irregularity than universal squalor .
Without wealth there can be no Maecenas .
The ' good old times ' were not good old times . ' "
So wrote Andrew Carnegie , Pittsburgh 's most storied son , in 1889 about the Industrial Revolution he helped spur and the tremendous wealth it created for his city and the world .
To Carnegie and his latter - day capitalists gathered here for the G - 20 summit this week , protesters say " hell no " — along with other words not suitable for a family newspaper .
...
The soccer star got some special ink to mark 10 years of marriage to Victoria Beckham
David Beckham did n’t get his wife , Victoria Beckham , any ordinary anniversary gift to celebrate 10 years of marriage :
He got a tattoo .
“ Yeah , I [ got ] 10 roses around my arms , ” the inked soccer , 34 , star tells Ellen DeGeneres on the Sept. 8 season premiere of her chat show .
Get push notifications with news , features and more .
DeGeneres then wonders aloud if Beckham ever thinks about “ getting a tattoo of me anywhere on your body . ”
He replies : “ I ’m very tempted . ”
As for how he and Victoria , 35 , keep their marriage fresh after 10 years and three kids together , he says , “ We always try to do special things .
It ’s not always about buying gifts for each other .
We just make sure that we spend time together or go for dinner together and do special things .
That is important to us . ”
The Why of METI and SETI
﻿by Larry Klaes
About a decade ago while attending a SETI conference , I was listening to a researcher give a talk about detecting messages from other galaxies such as the giant elliptical galaxy Messier 87 and the immense Virgo galactic cluster it resides in .
Since M87 is about 60 million light years from the Milky Way , I later asked him why would someone send a message that they could not hope to get a reply to for 120 million years at the least .
His reply was rather vague and dissatisfying to me .
It was along the lines of they would do it for the sake of being able to sending such a message across such a vast distance and time .
I was left with the impression he did not fully think out why any intelligence would send messages across millions of light years of intergalactic space with even less hope of a reply than our token METI ( Messaging ExtraTerrestrial Intelligence ) effort with Messier 13 in 1974 via Arecibo , for which we will need to wait 50,000 years for the quickest reply from there if ever .
Image : Messier 13 , a globular cluster containing roughly one million stars in the halo of the Milky Way .
It lies in the constellation Hercules , 25,000 light years from the Sun. Credit : Robert Lupton , Sloan Digital Sky Survey ) .
The SETI researcher seemed focused on the mechanics of how such a message would be done , which is good in itself of course , but not the why of it , which for me is the entire key of whether such transmissions will ever take place or not .
Setting aside funding and resources for a moment , no serious science project is going to happen unless you give those in control of such things a reason for doing so that is agreeable to them .
Look at the Apollo manned lunar project conducted by the United States in the 1960s .
If it were not for the underlying major goal of the two main Cold War nations trying to best each other via space , it is more than likely we would still be talking about sending humans to the Moon some day in the future .
Just look at how we have n’t left LEO in person since late 1972 because of changes in the geopolitical climate .
Later on at the same conference I talked with some other SETI scientists about a METI type of idea that had intrigued me since I read author James Gunn ’s 1972 SF novel The Listeners , where a civilization circling the star Capella sends humanity all its knowledge because its sun is going to explode and they know they cannot escape it otherwise ( at the very end of the novel , it is revealed that a similar broadcast is also on its way to Earth from the region of the Crab Nebula , the remnants of the famous supernova of 1054 CE ) .
This made sense to me , as a sophisticated culture would not want to die off in vain and disappear completely from existence .
They also would have nothing to fear or lose from signaling the rest of the galaxy about themselves .
Not only would they remain alive in their records and the memories of others , but perhaps their knowledge might even enlighten and enrich their neighbors .
And they would n’t be around if the recipients were n’t friendly in any event .
Image : Even a description of DNA could be sent to the stars .
Art by Jon Lomberg ( from the collection of Frank Drake ) .
I brought up this idea to these SETI folks , who surprisingly dismissed it out of hand .
Maybe some things have changed in the last ten years , but I got the distinct impression that at least some of those who work in SETI thought that aliens would contact us purely for the good of increasing scientific knowledge .
Or as I said above , the focus from these researchers seemed to be on the methods of interstellar ( and intergalactic ) signaling , not the potential range of reasons behind it , which is no small factor here .
Maybe there are such enlightened and altruistic societies out there with only those pure motives in mind .
Certainly I am taking educated guesses here as much as anyone else from this planet .
But just as Apollo happened mainly to showcase international and ideological might with science taking a backseat despite how NASA presented things , I am willing to bet that any alien species , even an insane one , will be conducting such a major undertaking as a sustained METI effort with more than one motive in mind .
Certainly these motivations will include improving the various situations for the signalers .
Thus my desire to focus on delving into * why * any race of beings might want to conduct METI , especially one designed to last for many years and cover much of the galaxy , which would make sense if you do n’t know who your neighbors are and you want to make sure to hit as many potential targets as possible .
As a bonus for humanity , figuring out why an intelligence might want to signal us will help narrow our search in that very big celestial haystack out there , saving our SETI projects money , time , and resources in the process .
Image : The Evpatoria radio telescope in the Crimea , from which several METI signals have been sent to the stars .
The following is a short list of ideas I have created to consolidate my thoughts on why an alien intelligence would conduct their own METI program .
It is certainly not meant to be complete and other ideas are welcome .
1 . An ETI signal is intercepted by humanity by mistake .
This would be an ETI message aimed our way by accident that was intended for someone else .
Obviously , this one could come from anywhere at any time .
2. A “ stunt ” message , just like certain groups of humans have been doing lately by broadcasting Beatles songs , Doritos advertisements , and personal messages towards nearby star systems .
I would even put the possibility of a practical joke in here , as some aliens may be as big a bunch of wiseasses as we are .
Note how often humor is left out of the equation when considering the motives and behaviors of other intelligences .
Why ca n’t they laugh about the absurd as much as we do ?
It may be not only a sign of intelligence but also a survival mechanism in this often bizarre and frequently dangerous Universe .
These messages could come from just about anywhere , but they have the serious drawback of being of very short duration .
Only recently have we started more than a handful of consistent SETI programs , and even they are limited to a few electromagnetic realms and often with numerous gaps in data gathering time .
3 . A deliberate “ ping ” to get our attention to open up a dialogue and information exchange .
This can range from sheer scientific curiosity to the need for something they do n’t have but we do ( Nachos ? ) .
They may also be doing this for darker motives , from seeing who is out there to convert , conquer , colonize , or outright destroy .
After all , if one species can colonize the whole Milky Way galaxy in just a few million years as has been asserted , others may find that to be a very legitimate threat to their existence and want to stop such a problem in advance .
I would like to think that 400 billion star systems across 100,000 light years of space should be room and resources for lots of beings – but when did logic ever play into certain motives when it comes to survival ?
I have always always been a bit skeptical of the idea pushed by Carl Sagan about advanced intelligences broadcasting the equivalent of the Encyclopedia Galactica around the Cosmos to anyone who might want it .
No one in their right mind goes around sharing every detail and secret of their lives with unknown and unpredictable strangers , so why would even an advanced species want to share their knowledge and power with potential rivals ?
Plus as SF author David Brin has pointed out , information unique to us may be our one bargaining chip with alien societies and we would not want to give it away for free .
4 . A flood of information from a society that knows it is going to be destroyed not only as a species but their knowledge and works , too ( see above ) .
Having little to lose or fear from their information being used against them , these ETI send us and others all that they know to preserve themselves at least in data form .
This is one legit reason for SETI to aim its instruments at novae , supernovae , hypernovae , and GRBs , along with red giants , white dwarfs , pulsars , and even black holes .
Supernovae are also important to check out for signals from non-threatened ETI who might use them as natural cosmic beacons .
5 . Really advanced beings might signal us to say things like “ Hey , we ’re the big guys on the block – do n’t even think about messing with us ” to “ We need your solar system for our latest Dyson Shell Galactic Mind Expansion Project , thanks ever so much ” to “ Hey , Charlie , we found some more vermin over here – get the Raid ! ”
These guys might be found around the galactic core , in globular clusters , around black holes , or way out in the very cold fringes of the galactic edge .
To be honest I think we will have a better chance of finding them by their infrared signatures or astroengineering structures , as I do n’t know if such beings would ever bother talking to us , but obviously I could be wrong .
They might message us just because they know they can and cannot be harmed by us .
People have been known to poke a stick in an ant colony just to see how the little insects will react .
Of course , G class stars with exoplanets where the Jovian - type worlds are not orbiting their suns in a matter of mere days and could therefore have Earthlike worlds ( or habitable exomoons orbiting any Jupiter - type exoplanets ) are potentially good bets too .
And we might have beings exploring or colonizing all kinds of other star systems such as red dwarfs , but whether they would be doing METI as well is another matter .
Image : The Arecibo radio observatory in Puerto Rico .
It was during the dedication of this facility that a message toward the globular cluster M13 was sent .
Credit : SETI Institute .
Now there have been a number of legitimate METI projects over the years emanating from Earth that were not just stunts .
A list of these efforts may be found at the Wikipedia entry on Active SETI .
While these information messages were put together with some thought and planning and were sent out using powerful radio telescopes , they still suffer from being relatively brief in duration and therefore have limited chances of being picked up by unsuspecting ( and hypothetical ) alien species .
As one example , the Arecibo Message of 1974 to Messier 13 was just three minutes long .
What are the odds that even if there are a fair number of suitable ETI living in that globular star cluster 25,000 years from now that even one of them will just happen to detect that transmission as it zips along ?
Not even the “ covert ” 20 - minute METI effort by Joe Davis of MIT in the early 1980s has much better odds of being detected in the Milky Way .
More recent METI broadcasts have all been narrowly focused and capable of being received by relatively few stars .
The shortness of these METI efforts is why I left them off the list but wanted to mention them just the same .
ETI could be doing similar such broadcasts , but the odds of our detecting them with our current SETI programs are slim .
Thus our chances lie with the sustained METI programs , which as has been pointed out already , may have some very interesting reasons behind their existence .
LONDON , England ( CNN ) -- Rupert Murdoch 's News International , which plans to begin charging for online content , said Thursday it was to close its free London newspaper as part of cost - cutting measures .
The Londonpaper , one of three free publications circulated in the British capital , is to close .
The Londonpaper , which employs 60 editorial staff , will cease publication within a month , according to a statement .
" The strategy at News International over the past 18 months has been to streamline our operations and focus investment on our core titles , " James Murdoch , who heads his father 's Europe and Asia operations said .
He added that the performance of the newspaper had " fallen short of expectations , " adding : " We have taken a tough decision that reflects our priorities as a business . "
The Londonpaper , one of three free titles circulated to the English capital 's commuters , recorded a pre-tax loss of £ 12.9 million ( $ 21.2 million ) last year , according to News International .
It was launched in 2006 as a rival to the city 's longstanding paid for publication , the Evening Standard -- then owned by Associated Newspapers , who retaliated with their own free sheet , London Lite .
Rupert Murdoch said earlier this year his News Corp. media empire would begin charging for online content on its portfolio of titles including The Wall Street Journal , the London Times and the New York Post .
" We are now in the midst of an epochal debate over the value of content and it is clear to many newspapers that the current model is malfunctioning , " he told analysts in May .
It seems to me that the current crisis is credit driven , which is why it is so widespread .
I had expected a credit crisis to result from the rising price of oil , because the rising price of price would choke back growth , and this would likely lead to debt defaults .
But as I look at the data , I discover other relationships I did n't really expect .
We know oil prices peaked in the third quarter of 2008 - - in fact in July 2008 .
But what else peaked about the same time ?
It turns out when you look at the data , lots of things :
Total Employee Compensation , from the US Bureau of Economic Analysis
It turns out that total US employee compensation peaked in the third quarter of 2008 ( I do n't have the data by month ) , so it peaked at the same time as peak oil .
As I look at the breakdown of this , I find the government employee compensation has continued to rise since the peak .
Private industry wages , from the US Bureau of Economic Analysis
What has really fallen since the peak is private industry wages .
The above data also peaks in the third quarter of 2008 .
The amounts shown are annualized quarterly amounts ( seasonally adjusted ) .
In some sense , private industry wages drive everything , since without these , people would have difficulty buying anything , or paying taxes , or paying back debt .
The fact that these are as small as these are -- only $ 6.6 trillion a year at their peak ; now down to $ 6.2 trillion in the second quarter of 2009 is concerning .
US Refiners average acquisition cost of oil , EIA
We know that oil prices peaked .
This is how the prices refiners paid for oil ( including US produced and imports were affected ) .
Prices dropped a lot , but it turns out they only dropped to about the price that was being paid at the beginning of 2005 .
US Average gasoline price , EIA
Gasoline prices rose , but they did n't rise nearly as much as did the price of oil .
This is to be expected , because part of the price of gasoline is people 's wages , and fixed expenses , and these did not rise nearly as much as the price of oil .
US natural gas prices , EIA
Natural gas prices hit their peak at about the same time .
What is striking to me is the huge difference between what producers are paid at the well head and what residential customers pay .
The peak gas price , from a residential point of view was about $ 20 per 1000 cubic feet .
It is now down to $ 15 per 1000 cubic feet .
But the price at the wellhead reached a peak of $ 11 per 1000 cubic feet , and dropped to something in the $ 3 to $ 4 range .
We hear that natural gas is selling at a low price per Btu relative to oil , and it is , at the wellhead .
But for a residential customer , the price still is n't very low .
There are a lot of costs in the production of natural gas , beyond wellhead costs .
It seems to me that at least some of these costs are thanks to " deregulation " .
US average electricity price , all sectors combined , EIA
One thing I had not expected was the extent to which electricity prices have been rising over time , and the fact that their prices , too , peaked in the summer of 2008 .
Electricity prices tend to be higher in the summer each year , because more natural gas is used in summer , and it tends to be more expensive than coal .
One of the things that is concerning to me is the rise of electricity prices over time that the above graph shows .
In the paper Accounting for Growth , the Role of Physical Work by Robert U. Ayres and Benjamin Warr , Structural Change and Economic Dynamics , February , 2004 ) , Ayres and Warr show a model that indicates that growing energy efficiency , together with greater energy inputs , explain most of the rise in GDP between 1900 and 1998 .
Electricity prices and electrical demand , USA 1900 - 1998 , from Ayres and Warr paper cited above
In the same paper , they indicate that the declining real cost of energy , particularly electricity , and the rising use of the much cheaper electricity , fed economic growth in the 1900 to 1998 period .
The problem we have now is that we are getting to precisely the opposite of this situation -- electricity prices are now rising , and use falling .
This is not normally a formula for economic growth .
There are no doubt several reasons for the rise in electrical prices :
• Deregulation .
With many more players , each trying to make a profit , prices did n't go down , as many had thought they would .
• Rise in oil prices .
Oil is used to transport coal , so as oil prices rise , electricity from coal can be expected to increase in price .
• Law changes to reduce coal pollution
In order to reduce sulphur emissions , electricity producers bought lower quality coal that needed to be shipped longer distances .
This reduced the efficiency of the electrical plants and increased transportation costs .
• Shift in mix .
The shift in mix of electrical production has shifted to more natural gas and to more wind .
These tend to be higher cost , and thus raise costs .
Going forward , there may be additional reasons for cost rises as well :
• Cap and trade laws .
These will add costs and shift toward higher cost sources of generation .
• Cost of grid improvements
These are badly needed , especially if wind is added .
• Declining demand .
There are still huge overhead costs to cover , even as demand declines , as it has recently .
While the rise in electrical price may be inevitable , it can be expected to have a negative impact on economic growth , just as a rise in oil prices above a certain level stifles economic growth .
Coal spot price graph from EIA
I might also note that coal prices ( used in electricity production ) peaked during the same period .
On an annual basis , using actual sales prices ( including contract prices ) , the EIA indicates the following average prices :
• 2005 $ 23.59
• 2006 $ 25.16
• 2007 $ 26.20
• 2008 $ 32.59
S & P 500 prices ( graphs by author using S & P beginning month data )
As everyone knows , stock market prices also declined in the same period , but their peak came earlier -- back in 2007 .
I have n't figured out a way to look at how people 's incomes were affected by the many changes affecting them -- falling stock markets , falling housing prices , declining debt availability , and declining wages .
I did figure out a way to look at a couple of these things simultaneously - - debt and income .
The Federal Reserve shows information on US domestic non-financial debt .
This would seem to include mortgage debt , credit card debt , auto debt , and most other individual debt , but not debt used for , say , purchasing stocks and bonds , or debt of businesses or governments .
It seems to me the increase in domestic non-financial debt gives a sense of how well off people feel they are .
As the amount of debt increases , people can buy more and more " stuff " .
If we add the change in this debt to the amount of personal income , it gives a rough measure of how much a person had to spend in a year .
( Of course , the number of workers was going up slightly during this period , so the per capita changes are a little lower . )
Personal Income ( from BEA ) and Personal income adjusted by the Increase or Decrease in US Domestic Debt ( from Federal Reserve )
Looking over the long term , the growth in debt tended to increase funds available to the US population .
The amount of debt added got larger and larger during the early 2000s , but then decreased in 2008 .
Personal Income ( from BEA ) and Personal income adjusted by the Increase or Decrease in US Domestic Debt ( from Federal Reserve ) , quarterly
If we look at recent quarterly data , one can see how the decline in personal income has combined with the reduction in debt to provide a " double whammy " to the individual .
While personal income hit a peak in the summer of 2008 , personal income adjusted for debt reached a peak earlier -- back in the fourth quarter of 2007 .
As mortgage debt started to contract ( lead partly by falling housing prices ) , this started to affect homeowners even before the drop in consumer credit ( auto loans and credit card debt ) .
So this graph helps show why people started feeling poor , even earlier .
Of course , the drop in the S&P 500 did n't help either .
Data underlying previous graph .
ABOUT 2 million people are considering ditching their fixed - line home phones , as Australians move closer to becoming one of the world 's first wireless economies .
For the first time this year , the communications giant Telstra has had more mobile phone subscribers than fixed - line subscribers .
Mobile phones now outnumber fixed lines by more than two - to - one .
Research by the Australian Communications and Media Authority shows as many as one in five consumers have considered dropping their fixed line subscriptions to save money .
There are 105 mobiles for every 100 people , making Australia one of the most saturated markets in the world behind South Korea , with 114 mobile phones for every 100 people .
Although research has shown the decline of fixed lines has been relatively slow , declining by 1.7 per cent a year since 2004 , research by the Australian Communications and Media Authority shows as many as one in five consumers have considered dropping their fixed line subscriptions to save money .
The Australian Mobile Telecommunications Association 's chief executive , Chris Althaus , said the trend has been exacerbated by the slowing economy and improving mobile phone technology .
DUI Charges
Everything you need when it comes to DUI Charges .
Just got arrested ?
Grab some coffee and start reading about DUI Charges .
Clinton did n’t inhale , Obama did — and maybe Reagan should have .
New research suggests that THC , the chemical that gives marijuana its mind - bending properties , kills developing neurons , yet oddly , the same chemical saves neurons in adults with Alzheimer ’s disease .
“ Marijuana is not the ‘ soft drug ’ people like to think it is , ” says neuro­pharmacologist Veronica Campbell of Trinity College in Dublin , whose latest study uncovered the harmful effects of THC on young neurons .
When Campbell and her co-workers treated brain cells from newborn or adolescent rats with THC , the neurons died , but THC did not have such deadly effects on neurons taken from adult rats .
In fact , work from other labs shows that THC benefits adult neurons .
“ We do n’t know why , ” Campbell says .
Several possi­bilities are being investigated for this “ Jekyll and Hyde ” effect .
Marijuana , like tobacco and opium , has powerful effects on the brain because certain compounds in the plant happen to have a chemical resemblance to naturally occurring substances in the body .
Called endocannabinoids , these natural chemicals regulate important brain functions by controlling synapses in neural circuits that process thought and perception .
According to several recent studies , these chemicals have many other functions in the brain and immune system , too — including regulating development and aiding survival of young neurons , as well as controlling the wiring of neurons into circuits for learning and memory .
Smoking marijuana during the period of life when the brain is still developing obscures these critical chemical signals , Campbell suspects .
The slaughter of young neurons by THC could explain the developmental cognitive impairment seen in children born to women who smoked marijuana during pregnancy .
In addition , some research on adolescent marijuana abusers shows brain damage in neural circuits that are still developing at that age .
In older brains , however , THC seems to have a protective effect .
Campbell ’s findings indicate that the biochemistry of neurons changes as the cells mature .
The role of endocannabi­noids shifts to regulate different functions — most important , assisting in the survival of aged neurons .
In patients with Alzheimer ’s disease , THC protects neurons from death in several ways .
THC boosts depleted levels of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine , which , when diminished , contributes to the weakened mental function in Alzheimer ’s patients .
THC also suppresses the toxic effects of the so - called a - beta protein that may kill neurons in Alzheimer ’s disease .
It stimulates secretion of neuron growth by promoting substances such as brain - derived neurotrophic factor , and it dampens release of the excitatory neurotransmitter glutamate , which kills neurons by overstimulation .
THC and other cannabinoids also have powerful anti-inflammatory and antioxidant actions that protect neurons from immune system attack .
Despite these benefits , THC and other compounds in marijuana also have many undesirable side effects on the brain .
The trick for scientists will be to isolate the active ingredients in marijuana that are beneficial and develop drugs that can be applied in the proper dose for the specific age of the patient .
Campbell finds that the beneficial effects of THC are seen in much lower concen­trations of the chemical than are found in the plants people use to get high .
“ It ’s a matter of trying to balance that low concentration within a nice safety margin , ” she explains .
Synthetic THC - like drugs are already available , as is a naturally derived drug called Sativex that contains THC and other cannabinoids , approved in Canada for treating pain from multiple sclerosis and cancer .
In contrast to these well - controlled drugs , the weed itself is a complex witches ’ brew of many brain - altering chemicals .
The cannabis plant contains about 60 different cannabinoids , so the challenge lies in trying to tease out which are the important ones for protecting neurons , Campbell explains , echoing the views of other marijuana researchers .
“ Depending on how the plant is cultivated , the relative proportion of the different types of cannabinoids changes , ” she says .
“ The ‘ joints ’ that are available now are much stronger in terms of their THC content than those that would have been around when people were thinking of cannabis as being quite a soft drug . ”
Note :
This story was originally printed with the title , " Marijuana Hurts Some , Helps Others . "
bytesToString ( byte[ ] bytes ) { ByteArrayOutputStream out = new ByteArrayOutputStream ( ) ; try { out . write ( bytes ) ; out.close ( ) return out .
toSring ( ) ; } catch ( IOException e ) { //
This can never happen ! //
Should I rethrow ?
Eat it ?
Print Error ? } }
I went to the Tokyo Gift Show on Friday and took a look at a few exhibits .
It seemed like a lot of companies were licensing characters such as Rilakkuma , Hello Kitty , Doraemon , Pokemon and then producing unique gift products to put in shops and sell online .
Here are a few snaps I took , where photos were allowed .
You ca n’t take photos of most products so no closeups sorry .
I met up with the President of a mobile phone battery charger and picked up one for my iPhone .
This is working great .
You can recharge the battery unit and then have it handy when your iPhone battery runs low .
You can also charge the unit and your iPhone at the same time with one connection .
We got the ‘ ok ’ to take some pictures of these cute cameras .
They are real film 35 mm cameras that are made to look like juice packets .
You can see the rest of the Rilakkuma photos in this other post .
It was an interesting show to visit and always great to be able to get to these venues so quickly and easily .
Share this : Facebook
Pinterest
Twitter
Politico :
Even as Democrats on Capitol Hill call for a rebuke of Rep. Joe Wilson for his outburst last week at the president ’s address , Barack Obama downplayed the need for a further censure of the South Carolina Republican , saying the whole thing is becoming a “ big circus . ”
“ See , this is part of what happens , ” Obama said , when asked about Wilson by interviewer Steve Kroft on Sunday ’s “ 60 Minutes . ”
“ I mean , it just becomes a big circus instead of us focusing on health care . ”
Some Democrats , led by Majority Whip Jim Clyburn ( D - S.C. ) , are pushing for an official censure of Wilson , with a floor vote on the resolution coming as early as Tuesday .
Joe Wilson is the best thing to happen to Barack Obama in nine months in office .
The last thing you do , politically , is try to squelch the fires .
The same anger and extremism that led to Wilson ’s outburst also led to the August townhall meetings fiasco that derailed Obama ’s health care reform .
Wilson ’s overt , public , nuttiness finally gave Obama the chance to knock the teabag crowd on its collective butt .
Rather than pile on , Obama and Senate Democrats chose to oblige Wilson by tightening the anti-immigrant ( and anti-abortion ) provisions of the legislation .
Wilson ( among others ) , as a result , is now saying that he was justified in doing what he did , and that Obama did lie , otherwise there would have been nothing for Obama and the Senate Dems to tighten .
And today , Obama is undercutting the effort again .
Why ?
As we ’ve already noted , Obama does n’t do drama , which he has apparently interpreted to include fighting for policy initiatives , and more generally , taking on Republicans .
But what ’s really happening here , I think , is that the president is trying to boost his own numbers at the expense of Democratic members of Congress .
By referring to Democratic efforts to censure Wilson as a “ circus , ” the president is feeding the public ’s negativity towards Congress , and towards Democrats specifically , since they ’re leading the effort .
Obama has repeatedly drawn an equivalence between far - right nuts and core constituencies and members of Congress in his own party .
While this mini-Sista - Souljah may help Obama position himself as some kind of above - the - fray adult , it also makes it harder for Democrats in Congress to ge re-elected , and hold their majorities , next year .
And at some point , Democrats in Congress may decide that it ’s more important to keep their own jobs , and hold their majority , than defend a president who does n’t have much interest in defending them .
LOS ANGELES 
A temporary moratorium on establishing new medical marijuana dispensaries here was ruled invalid by a county judge on Monday , complicating the city ’s efforts to crack down on cannabis clubs .
The judge , James C. Chalfant of Superior Court , granted an injunction on behalf of Westside Green Oasis , a medical marijuana shop , which had challenged a Los Angeles ordinance that put a moratorium on new dispensaries in 2007 .
The club , which opened after the City Council halted the establishment of new shops , said the moratorium violated the state ’s Compassionate Use Act .
The moratorium was intended as a stopgap measure to give city officials time to establish permanent regulations .
State law lets a city impose moratoriums of up to two years while it establishes ordinances governing medical marijuana .
The Los Angeles ban in 2007 permitted only 186 marijuana dispensaries .
Two years later , hundreds more medical marijuana shops have opened , and the City Council has yet to pass a permanent ordinance governing medical cannabis .
「機動戦士ガンダム」の監督として知られる富野由悠季さんが9月2日、パシフィコ横浜で開かれているゲーム開発者向けイベント「CESA
Developers Conference 2009 」 （CEDEC 2009、3日まで）で、「慣れたら死ぬぞ」と題した基調講演を行った。
「 僕にとってゲームは悪 」 「CGの絵は、はっきり言ってつまらない」など、歯に衣着せぬ言葉でゲーム業界やCGを痛烈に批判しながらも、昨年語ったプロ論（「お前らの作品は所詮コピーだ」――富野由悠季さん、プロ論を語る）と同様、「あのジジイ（富野氏のこと）を黙らせてやろうと考えてくれ」などとクリエイターを鼓舞する“ 富野節”
に、詰めかけた来場者はわいていた。
アニメ制作は、映像業界で最下等の仕事だった
富野由悠季さ ん
講演テー マ 「慣れたら死ぬぞ」は、口をすべらせた言葉がたまたまタイトルになったということが実情ですが、基本的にはお話できると思います。
まず、僕がどういう立場の人間かをお話しすると、アニメの演出家・監督・原作を担当するアニメ業界のものです。お分かりの通り、ゲーム業界を迫害しており、ゲーム業界に参入できなかった悔しさを徹底的に持っているというキャリアの者です。
僕はもともと映画の仕事をやりたかったのですが、なぜ、テレビ漫画の仕事をやっているかというと、就職するころにテレビが出始めて映画産業が衰退していったからです。映画の仕事をしたかったけれど、基本的に学力が不足していたし、映画制作会社の大手が新規の求人を止めたころで、CMを作る仕事やテレビ局で働くことが求められ始めた時代でした。
ところが映画をやりたかった人間にとってCMの仕事は、きちんとした映像の仕事に就けなかった人がやるもの、みじめな仕事だと思われていました。CMの仕事でさえ、そういうふうに思われていたんです。テレビで映像制作をすること自体が地に落ちた仕事をやっていると思われるような時代でした。
ですから、テレビ漫画の仕事をやるなんて、最下等の仕事だと思われ、前の世代の仕事人にから「そういう仕事をよくやるね」とバカにされる。我々は、映画関係者から映画の作り方、アニメーションの作り方、漫画の作り方を教えてもらいたいなと思いましたが、教えてもらえなかった。
かつて隆盛を極めた産業があったとして、そこに蓄積された技術があったとします。そういうものは次の世代に継承しなければならない、あるいは、していいと思ってくれる人がいてほしかったんですが、いなかった。そのため、映画や漫画映画がどういうものかは、独学するしかなかった。アニメで食ってきたけれど、映画からの劣等感を徹底的に植え付けられてここまで来ました。
ゲームの仕事をやりたかったが、できなかった
そういうキャリアを持っている僕自身ですから、20年ほど前に、電子ゲームという世界があることを知って新しいビジネスシーンになるのでは、と見当がつきました。そういう仕事をやってみたい、ビッグビジネスに参入したい、時代遅れの人間にはなりたくないと思ったんです。
それから20年、ゲーム業界に参入することはできなかった。全くやらなかったんじゃなく、やってみたけどできなかった。大手メーカーは、呼んでくれなかったですし。今からでも、呼んで下さいということは申し上げません。もう70歳近くになるから使いものにならないと思うし。
ですからこの場所に自分が立つのは、似つかわしくないと思っていますし、実は、2度はっきり断っている。3度目に関係者の方がいらしてくださったので、やむなくここに立つことになりました。
ここに立つことになって思い出したのが、先ほど言ったことです。僕にとっての前の時代を担った映像関係の人たちが、なぜ映画のことを積極的に教えてくれなかったのか。それは先輩としてやるべき仕事だ、と思うところもちょっとだけあるんです。
映画界が何一つしてくれなかったことに対して、今でもちょっとだけ恨んでいるし、それが劣等感になっている。アニメだって漫画だって映画だと信じてやってきたつもりですが、日本映画界は今でも認めてくれていません。それは本当に悔しいことです。
そう言っている僕ももうじき70歳の立派な大人。……今言ったことは、かなりいろんな矛盾があるんですよ。だから来ました。
電子ゲームという仕事を（僕が）迫害しているのは、参入しようとしたけれど中に入れてもらえず……誰も優しくしてくれないから。でも、1人の人間ですからそういう感情は持っていいでしょう？
でも、今日来たのは、ゲーム業界からみるとアニメ業界は、（アニメにとっての映画のように）その前にあった業種かもしれないから。うぬぼれさせてもらいます。現在のゲームは、映像に頼っている部分がある。
ゲームが映像をあてにしているのは、われわれが、映画から学ぼうとしたのと同じようなこと。違う業態に見えるけれど、仕事の仕方を考えると、どうも同じようなところがあるんじゃないかと、うすうす感じることがありました。
ガンダムはとっくの昔に終わってるのかもしれない
招いてくれた人がおっしゃった言葉に「ゲーム業界も30年経っちゃったんですよね」というフレーズがありました。何より、それが印象的でした。
30年という期間はとてもいい時間で、業態なり、組織なりが固まる時期です。完全に固まってくる。色んな部分で動脈硬化を起こしていって明日が見えなくなくなるかもしれない。このままで持つかどうか分からなくなってくる時期でもあります。
映画、テレビに限らず、商売一般あらゆる業態に対して言えることです。これを突破するためにどう考え、どうしていかねばならないか。前の世代で経験している人々が次の世代に対して少しでも知っていることをお話しすることは、無駄ではないと思って来ました。
そういう趣旨を承れば、僕自身からどういう話ができるか。基本的に「慣れたら死んじゃうんだよね。それだけなんだよね」というとこに行き着きます。これ以後は、ゲーム業界が、ということだけではなく、ものをつくる立場からお話させていただきます。
30年ぐらい経って、次の30年、次の50年どうするかを考えたとき、基本的なハウツーはありません。ハウツーをしゃべれるなら誰にもしゃべらずに自分でやっています。こういうとこでしゃべるのは、自分自身も分からないから考えているためです。
今年、ガンダム30周年を迎え、これから先、どうやれば生き延びられるかを考えました。そう考えたら、ガンダムはとっくの昔に終わっているんだ、商品の再生産をやっているだけのタイトルになっているのかもしれないと思いました。
僕はありがたいことにもうじき70歳、あと10年も生きられたら十分ですが、僕より若い人は、あと10年も30年生きなくてはならない。そうい人にガイドラインを示せるんだろうか、示さねばならんと思いました。
ですが、そんなことできる天才はおそらくどこにもいません。自分たちでやるしかないんです。ただ、考え方の手順を1つだけ、示すことはできます。原理原則を持って考えるということがまず基本です。
1|2|3|4|5|6 次のページへ
( See my earlier posts : Wikipedia in theory , and Wikipedia in theory ( Marxist edition ) . )
Wikipedia works ( if imperfectly ) in practice , even though some relevant theories say it should n’t .
Take game theory .
We can think of Wikipedia as a public goods game : contributing time and effort into improving it does n’t have a direct benefit , but the result of many people doing that creates a resource for everyone .
There ’s little direct incentive to contribute ; whatever I might do to make it better is based on what I already know , and my personal improvements only come back to benefit me with a fraction of the value I put into the project .
So despite that the optimal situation for the public as a whole is if everyone who could contribute to Wikipedia did so , for any individual the strictly rational choice is not to contribute –to be a “ free rider ” or “ defector ” .
As in the canonical version of the public goods game , the Nash equilibrium for Wikipedia is zero contributions .
In a world of strictly rational , self - interested players of the Wikipedia game , the projects dies a silent theoretical death in 2001 – which we know , in practice , is not what happened .
Experimental economics has been focused on just this divergence between theory and practice for several decades now , and there may be a lot of insights in that body of literature for how to make Wikipedia work better .
What factors make a public goods game more successful ?
One study looked a “ partners condition ” versus a “ strangers condition ” : in repeated plays of a public goods game , players were either matched with the same group from earlier games or a new group of strangers .
The result : players consistently contribute more to the public pot when playing with people they have become familiar with .
Applied to Wikipedia : Wikipedians who are familiar with each other will contribute more .
We should provide ways to knit Wikipedian identities into the broader social fabric , so that relationships of trust and familiarity created outside of Wikipedia can be ported in .
We hold the right of anonymity dear , but that does n’t preclude doing more to support and encourage real identities for those who are willing to use them .
Another study focused on “ inequality aversion ” : what do players do if they know how much ( or little ) others are contributing and can incrementally increase contributions in response to other players ?
The result : players raise their contributions if others do the same , but “ most players are willing to contribute to the public good at a level at or slightly above the contribution of the lowest contributor in the group ” .
Applied to Wikipedia : in recruiting potential contributors from specific groups ( e.g. , academics ) we should highlight contributions their peers have made .
We should also do more to ( automatically ) catalog individuals ’ contributions in ways that are easy to understand , share , and compare within peer groups .
“ X number of experts in your field have made at least Y number of contributions ” could be an effective pitch .
Other studies , including this one , have looked at “ endowment heterogeneity ” and “ endowment origin ” : does it matter whether players earned what they might contribute or received it as a windfall , or whether the players have unequal potential for contribution ?
The result : studies have come up with conflicting answers on whether endowment origin ( windfall vs. earned ) matters , with some ( but not the linked one ) finding that people are more generous and more willing to take the risk of contributing heavily to a public pot when spending from a windfall .
The linked study does find , however , that in groups with heterogeneous endowments there is less contribution–likely because of the “ inequality aversion ” factor discussed above , since those with the most to contribute scale back based on what they expect others to contribute .
Applied to Wikipedia : if the windfall effect is real , it might be most effective to target recruitment efforts at people who have received “ windfalls ” of free time and knowledge as opposed to those who have earned it .
Smart , geeky people , to whom learning comes easy , would seem to fit the bill best : they ’ve received windfalls of free time and knowledge both because they learn quickly ( leaving more time for other things ) and because they often get years of free schooling funded by grants and scholarships .
But the over - educated are already overrepresented on Wikipedia ( we think ) and the level of contribution from those people may be held back by the endowment heterogeneity effect , with highly educated people holding back because those with less free time and / or knowledge contribute so little .
In that case , the key to getting experts to contribute more would be ( as Erik Möller suggested at Wikimania ) finding ways light - weight ways to get non-experts and readers ( free - riders ) more involved first .
Still other studies have explored factors that make players change their behavior : this paper examines punishment mechanisms , and this one looks at history and how group behaviors change after multiple rounds of a public goods game .
The results : the ability for contributors to punish free riders ( even at a cost to themselves ) results in higher levels of cooperation and less free riding ( although opportunities for counter - punishment make this less effective ) .
Conversely , players who begin the public goods game with a high tendency to contribute tend to gradually contribute less in later rounds the more they play with free riders .
But matching high contributors with other high contributors in round after round leads to growing contributions among that group .
Applied to Wikipedia : punishment mechanisms for free riders are conceivable ( e.g. , pop-ups asking for monetary or editing contributions after a certain number of page views by a reader ) , but probably would n’t be compatible with Wikipedia culture and the project ’s purpose .
Burnout from active contributors getting dispirited when they do more than everyone else they see probably is a problem , and the solution would be to facilitate and strengthen the social ties between active users .
This already happens naturally on talk pages and user pages , outside communication channels like email and Skype , and physical meetups , but Wikipedia could make it a lot easier to see and connect with other contributors through software improvements .
This just scratches the surface of experimental research on public goods games ; a more systematic survey could turn up a lot more relevant data for how better to structure Wikipedia and other collaborative knowledge projects .
Photograph Israeli Mermaid , Win $ 1 Million Mermaid reportedly spotted off coast of Israel , first photo to net $ 1 million .
JERUSALEM , Aug. 12 , 2009  --
Dozens of excited visitors gather every evening on the seashore near the Israeli town of Kiryat Yam , near Haifa .
They are all desperate to catch a glimpse of the area 's latest star attraction , a mermaid .
According to numerous eyewitnesses , the mythical sea creature looks like a cross between a little girl and a dolphin , and only comes out at sunset .
" People are telling us they are sure they have seen the mermaid and they are all independent of each other , " said Natti Zilberman , a local council spokesman .
The creature , according to the fast - growing local legend , performs a series of acrobatic tricks before disappearing beneath the Mediterranean waves .
Whatever the truth of the tale , it has done wonders for the tourist economy .
Local officials are now offering a cash prize of $ 1 million for the first tourist to take a photograph of the mermaid .
" I believe if there really is a mermaid , " Zilberman said , " then so many people will come to Kiryat Yam , a lot more money will be made than $ 1 million . "
米本 明弘，桜井 淳宏，岩田 佳英，伊藤 裕二
音声に関して，ディジタル信号処理技術を利用した製品が多数存在します．例えば，小型スピーカを搭載しているだけなのに迫力のある音を再生できる薄型テレビや，音声の自然さを損なわずに録音時と異なった速度で再生できるICレコーダなどです．ここでは，ディジタル信号処理を実現するデバイスの一つであるDSP（Digital Signal Processor）を利用した音声信号処理技術について前編と後編にわけて解説します． （編集部）
１. 音声信号処理の変遷
● 1877 年に録音・再生機が登場
音を録音し，好きなときに取り出して聞くという夢を実用化したのが，発明王の異名を持つ米国人トーマス・エジソン
（ Thomas Edison）でした．彼は1877年に世界最初の録音・再生機であるフォノグラフ（Phonograph）を発明しました．その後，レコードやテープ・レコーダに代表されるアナログ方式による録音技術が進化しました．
● その100年後にはCDが登場，以降ディジタル化が加速
フォノグラフの発明から約100年後の1980年，CD
（ Compact Disc）の発明によって音楽技術はアナログからディジタルへ急速に移行しました．ディジタル化の最大の恩恵は，信号の意味の置き換えが可能になり，アルゴリズムを扱えるようになったことです．
CDは世界中で流通し，音楽用CDソフトは既に2000億枚以上が販売されています．従って，その膨大なディジタル音声信号を効率良く蓄積・伝送する必要性がでてきました．そこでMP3やAACに代表される音声圧縮の分野でアルゴリズムが開発されました．
● 同時期にDSP が登場，リアルタイム信号処理を可能に
くしくもそ のCDの創世期である1982年，米国Texas
Instruments 社（以下 ，TI社）から本格的DSP （Digital Signal Processor ） 「 TSM32010」が登場しました．「ディジタル信号をリアルタイムで処理する高速プロセッサ」であるDSPは，圧縮処理などディジタル信号処理を伴うオーディオ製品では，既にさまざまな機種で使われています．
DSP の進化は今までリアルタイムでは不可能と思われたディジタル信号処理を可能にしました．そして，ついにマルチチャネル可逆（無ひずみ）音声圧縮をDSPで実現できる時代が到来しました．さらに蓄積メディアの大容量化，通信の高速化はリニアPCM（Pulse Code Modulation）音声の普及に拍車をかけることでしょう．
これらのことは新しい開発の中心が，圧縮からほかの分野に移行することを示唆していると考えます．このような動向をかんがみ，本稿ではDSP上で実現したアルゴリズムの中から，圧縮以外の分野における音質向上，新機能付加を目的としたものを5件紹介します．
2. 話速変換を実現する時間スケール変換
最近，ICレコーダやハード・ディスク・レコーダなどの製品が普及し，ディジタル・フォーマットで音声を保存・再生する機会が多くなりました．それに伴い音声の自然さを損なわずに，録音時とは異なった速度で再生するという，ディジタルならではの応用に対するニーズが高まってきています．
かつては，音の高さ（基本周波数）と再生速度は反比例関係にあるという常識的な感覚がありました．それは，アナログ・テープなどの回転速度と，信号に含まれる周波数成分が物理的に直結していたことによるものでした．しかし，最近のディジタル機器では，音の高さと再生速度を独立に制御できるようになっています．ここではその根底にある技術，いわゆるTSM（Time Scale Modification；時間スケール変換）について解説します．
● TSMの原理
音声波形の時間軸上のスケール変換処理を理解するために，模様付きテープなどの「切り張り」作業を想像してみます．テープを短くするには一部を切り取り，長くするには同じ種類のテープを挿入してつなぎ合わせます．ここで切れ目（＝つなぎ目）をなるべく目立たなくするため，模様にちょうど合わせて切れ目を入れるという工夫が必要です．
周期信号の場合，周期的に繰り返される波形の周期パターンの境界に合わせて「切れ目」を入れると，位相ずれによる不連続性を回避しながら周期パターンの数を増やしたり減らしたりできます．その結果，信号全体の長さは変わるものの，周期パターンの形そのものに依存する基本周波数（つまり，音の高さ）は保持されます．音声は厳密には周期信号ではありませんが，分析範囲を限定すれば近似的にそうみなせます．
この原理を利用する時間スケール変換の手法として，周期パターンを検出して切り張り処理を施す方法（PSOLA（1）など）と，周期パターンを明示的に検出せず，相互相関などに基づく尺度を用いてオーバラップさせたフレーム間の接続位置を検索する方法（SOLA
（2），GEM-TSM（3）など）があります．そのほかに音声を周波数領域に変換し，周波数成分ごとに位相を求める方法（Phase Vocoder（4）など）もあります．ここではリアルタイム処理に優れているGEM-TSMというアルゴリズムに焦点を当てて説明します．
● GEM-TSMの基本的な機構であるOLA
まず，GEM-TSMのベースとなるOLA（Overlap-Add）という機構について説明します（図1）．全体の流れは，入力信号をフレームに分割し，処理を施した上でフレームを再度重ね合わせることによって出力信号を生成するというものです．
オーバーラップ部分における重み付き加算のフェージングの概念図（先行フレーム，後続フレームの重みの推移を傾斜で表示）
音声フレームは隣り合わせではなく，オーバラップさせた形で切り出します．二つのフレームがオーバラップする部分においては，サンプル同士の値をミックス（重み付き加算）します．その際に，先行フレームのサンプルの重みを次第に弱め，後続フレームのサンプルの重みを次第に強めます．これは，DJが曲と曲の間に行うフェージング処理と似ています．ここで，各サンプルにおいて，両フレームの重みの合計を一定に保てば，入力信号を元の形のまま再構築できます．
● 重ね合わせを調整することで時間スケールを変換する
OLA の機構の上で時間スケールを変換したい場合，フレーム同士を互いにずらします．つまり，フレーム同士の間隔を伸ばせば時間スケールが伸長し，縮めれば縮小します（図2）．一方，その過程では信号の位相関係が考慮されていないため，不連続性によるノイズが発生してしまいます．GEM-TSMアルゴリズムは，位相による不連続性（位相ずれ）を回避するため，独自の相互相関関数を利用します．
フレームを互いにずらせば信号の長さが変わる．ただし，ずらした状態では位相ずれが生じてしまうため，相対的な位置を微調整する必要がある．微調整の尺度として相互相関関数が用いられる．
● 相互相関関数による位相ずれの回避
OLA 機構において位相ずれのない状態とは，ミックスする波形の周期パターンが一致している状態のことをいいます．このとき相互相関が最大になることに気を付けてください．そこでフレーム同士のオーバラップ部分に着目し，基本周期の範囲内でフレームをずらしながら相互相関を計算し，最大値に対応する位置を検索します．その位置に合わせてフレームを重ね合わせれば，位相ずれの問題を回避できます．この概念はSOLA（2）アルゴリズムによって導入されたものですが，そこで用いられた相互相関関数は複雑なため，実用的ではありませんでした．GEM-TSMアルゴリズムは，リアルタイム性を考慮して簡素化された相互相関関数を利用します（図3）．
SOLA （式（1））の場合，振幅の正規化のために複雑な処理が必要になるが，GEM-TSM（式（2））の場合，計算の対象となる範囲（LGEM-TSM)の決め方などを工夫することにより，その必要がない．
● TSMをDSP に実装するヒント
このようにGEM-TSMアルゴリズムは，次のステップで構成されます．
OLA 機構と同じ手法で入力音声をフレームに分割する．
希望の時間スケール変換率に応じてフレーム間隔をずらす． 3 位相ずれを回避するために相互相関関数に基づく尺度を利用して重ね合わせ位置を検索し調整する．
このステップのうち，1と2は必要とする演算量が極めて少ないため，通常のC言語で記述し，DSPメーカが提供するコンパイラによるコードをそのまま利用しても問題ありません．
一方，ステッ プ3は最も演算量を消費するところであり，最適化が必要となります．GEM-TSMの実装では，DSPが持つ並列演算命令を効率良く利用できるように，隣接する2点の重ね合わせ位置における相互相関関数を同時に求めます．
GEM -TSMはTI社製C55系DSP（以下，C55DSP）およびC67系DSP（以下，C67DSP）向けのファームウェアとして提供されており，市販のボイス・レコーダなどの製品に組み込まれています．演算量は2倍速再生の場合，100MHzクロックのデバイスの約10%に相当する10MHz程度で動作します．
Everybody 's favorite Ghost of Sparta will be donning the Blades of Chaos and cutting Gorgon heads off next month , when a God of War III demo comes to the PlayStation Network .
Here 's the catch , though -- despite being a Western - developed game , this will be for Japanese customers only .
Annoyingly , obtaining the demo wo n't just be a case of logging into your obligatory Japanese PSN account , locating the demo , and downloading it .
Sony has confirmed that this demo is part of a promotion to help sell copies of inFAMOUS , which launches in Japan today .
The demo needs to be unlocked with a code that comes in the inFAMOUS box .
The demo will be available on November 19 , and Sony is yet to confirm any details for we filthy Roundeyes .
Once again , Sony has made my life bad .
This is punishment for me laughing at the PSPgo , I know it .
A top Democratic National Committee official reacted furiously to a statement from Republican Party Chairman Michael Steele mocking -- and describing as " unfortunate " -- President Obama 's Nobel Peace Prize .
" The Republican Party has thrown in its lot with the terrorists - the Taliban and Hamas this morning - in criticizing the President for receiving the Nobel Peace prize , " DNC communications director Brad Woodhouse told POLITICO .
" Republicans cheered when America failed to land the Olympics and now they are criticizing the President of the United States for receiving the Nobel Peace prize - an award he did not seek but that is nonetheless an honor in which every American can take great pride - unless of course you are the Republican Party .
" The 2009 version of the Republican Party has no boundaries , has no shame and has proved that they will put politics above patriotism at every turn .
It 's no wonder only 20 percent of Americans admit to being Republicans anymore - it's an embarrassing label to claim , " Woodhouse said .
A leading Hispanic organization is launching a campaign to pressure CNN to rein in host Lou Dobbs .
Hispanic group to CNN : Rein in Dobbs
One of the country ’s leading Hispanic organizations is launching a campaign designed to pressure CNN to rein in host Lou Dobbs .
The organization behind the campaign , Democracia Ahora , is kicking off the effort Friday with the release of a report based on interviews with 100 Hispanic leaders about the impact of Dobbs ’ evening show .
Advertisement
The results of the report are not surprising – 90 percent of the interviewees believe Dobbs is helping create a negative image of Hispanics , with his frequent criticisms of illegal immigration .
But Democracia Ahora is hoping the report inspires a grassroots movement aimed at executives at CNN ’s parent company , Time Warner , to draw attention to what the group calls “ frequent negative portrayals of Hispanics on the Lou Dobbs show . ”
It is using its release to start a national campaign , “ Enough is Enough ! ” that will be carried out through a Web site , www.TellCNNEnoughisEnough.com, that goes live Friday .
“ We ’re asking CNN , the alleged ‘ most trusted name in news , ’ to really hold Lou Dobbs to the journalistic standards he should be held to , ” said Jorge Mursuli , president of Democracia Ahora , who expressed frustration with Dobbs ’ reports that immigration contributed to thousands of new reported cases of leprosy and of a ‘ superhighway ’ from Mexico to Canada .
“ CNN needs to take responsibility for what he ’s saying , ” he said , adding , “ We want CNN to insure that Lou Dobbs is going to stick with the facts .
He can have his opinions but he can’t present his opinions as facts . ”
Mursuili said Democracia Ahora will be coordinating petitions and encouraging other Hispanic groups to make phone calls and write letters to CNN asking the news station to “ to cease the daily drum roll of misinformation and offensive commentary about the Latino community on the Lou Dobbs Tonight show . ”
Democracia Ahora has not disclosed the names of all 100 of the individuals whose responses make up the results of the study .
It describes them as “ political figures , business leaders , heads of civic and community organizations , and journalists and academics . ”
Among those surveyed were Sen. Bob Menendez , a New Jersey Democrat , and Dan Restrepo , a member of President Obama ’s National Security Council , who Democracia Ahora says was interviewed while he was a director for the Americas Project at Center for American Progress .
Others taking the survey included Rep. Raul Grijalva ( D - Ariz . ) and Rep. Lucille Roybal - Allard ( D - Calif . ) .
The survey included questions such as , “ Many Hispanics are offended by the news content of Lou Dobbs ’ show and regard him as a demagogue who is helping to create a negative image of Hispanics .
Do you agree or disagree with this assessment ? ” according to a copy of the report obtained by POLITICO .
CNN did not immediately respond to a request for comment .
A spokesman for the National Security Council and representatives for Menendez , Grijalva and Roybal - Allard did not respond to requests for comment .
The survey was conducted by the Miami - based polling firm Bendixen and Associates .
Communications for “ Enough is Enough ! ” are being handled by another Miami - based firm , Balsera Communications , which is run by Freddy Balsera , who coordinated Hispanic media for the Obama campaign and is co-chair of the Democratic National Committee ’s National Hispanic Leadership Council .
The Premier League was today dealt a blow in its global fight against online piracy after a court in Israel threw out an attempt to shut down a pirate website that was showing live matches free of charge .
The league failed in a bid to force Israeli ISP Netvision and web portal Nana to reveal the identity of the Israeli owner of LiveFooty.org , a website that used servers based in the country to stream live footage of Premier League matches for nothing .
In a judgment that could set a worrying precedent for the Premier League , the Tel Aviv District Court ruled that it was a case of " fair use " since no profit was made from the broadcasts and that , in Israeli law , breach of " broadcasting " copyright only referred to cable or wireless transmission and not streaming over the internet .
The judge , Michal Agmon - Gonen , furthermore ruled that the site had important social aims – " watching sports events is socially important and should remain in the realm of mass entertainment , and not just be for those who can afford it " – and argued that those who view online were not damaging the revenues of broadcasters .
She said they were mainly " those of small means or who are not sufficiently interested in sport to pay " .
The Premier League had earlier tried to move the case outside of Israel but the judge blocked the move because the site is based in the country .
She also ruled that the identity of the owner would not be revealed and claimed the Premier League had failed to prove any infringement of its rights because online broadcasts were different from television ones .
The judge ruled that without clear laws regarding the internet , the court has to choose between the rights of copyrights holders and the rights of the users .
The league 's lawyer , Meir Klinger , said of the judgment : " From first impression it looks without a base and wrong .
We will appeal to the high court " .
Research commissioned last year by a coalition of global rights owners , led by the Premier League and including Major League Baseball , the NBA and NFL , found that up to 1.5 m viewers regularly watched football via 177 online illicit feeds .
The true figure is almost certainly now higher , given the growth of high speed broadband lines and the increased popularity of watching television over the internet .
The growth of the Premier League has been underpinned by the revenues from pay TV broadcasters in the UK and globally – the current deal is worth £ 2.7 bn over three years , a figure almost certain to be topped by the next contract from 2010 – and it has been lobbying the government to take action against websites that allow viewers to watch games for nothing and argued that without a strong domestic lead it has less leverage with legislators abroad , most of which are based overseas , many of them in China .
Rather than following the example of the music industry , which made enemies of its customers by suing them directly , the Premier League has preferred to employ a specialist company to shut down feeds as they spring up and go after the sites that host them in the courts .
The league will later this year face a challenge in the European courts , when UK publicans will argue that decoders bought elsewhere in Europe and imported are legal under free trade laws .
That would allow them to show foreign football feeds and blow a hole in the league 's policy of driving up prices by selling its rights on a market by market basis .
The Film Formerly Known As “ The Boat That Rocked ” …
… has been given a new name for its U.S. release : “ Pirate Radio . ”
If you ’re unfamiliar with the motion picture in question ( which lets out most of our UK readership , as the film was released across the pond back in April ) , here ’s the official synopsis from Focus Features :
“ Pirate Radio ” is the high - spirited story of how 8 DJs ’ love affair with Rock ‘ n ’ Roll changed the world forever .
In the 1960s , this group of rogue DJs , on a boat in the middle of the Northern Atlantic , played rock records and broke the law , all for the love of music .
The songs they played united and defined an entire generation and drove the British government crazy .
By playing Rock ‘ n ’ Roll , they were standing up against the British government who did everything in their power to shut them down .
The band of rebels is led by The Count , played by the Academy Award - winning Philip Seymour Hoffman , Quentin ( Bill Nighy ) , the boss of Radio Rock , Gavin ( Rhys Ifans ) , the greatest DJ in Britain , Midnight Mark ( Tom Wisdom ) , Doctor Dave ( Nick Frost ) , and Young Carl ( Tom Sturridge ) , who comes of age amidst the chaos of sex , drugs and rock n roll .
The film features an unbelievable selection of music including The Beatles , The Stones , Beach Boys , Dusty Springfield , The Who , Jimi Hendrix , Smokey Robinson , David Bowie , Otis Redding , Cat Stevens just to name a few .
The film is laugh out loud funny and speaks to the rock n roll rebel in all of us .
A few other bits which might interest you : it also stars Kenneth Branagh , Rhys Darby ( “ Flight of the Conchords ” ) , Chris O’Dowd ( “ The I.T. Crowd ” ) , Ralph Brown ( “ Meadowlands ” ) , January Jones ( “ Mad Men ” ) , and Jack Davenport ( “ Coupling , ” “ Swingtown ” ) , and it was written and directed by the always - enjoyable Richard Curtis , the man behind “ Four Weddings and a Funeral , ” “ Notting Hill , ” “ Love , Actually , ” and the “ Bridget Jones ” films .
Here ’s the trailer for your viewing enjoyment :
In a turn of events which obviously leaves me pleased as punch , I have been invited to participate in the press junket for the U.S. release of the film , so stay tuned to Bullz - Eye and Premium Hollywood for further coverage , including discussions with Mr. Curtis and some of the stars of “ Pirate Radio . ”
Rest assured , my first question will be , “ Who decided that Americans could n’t appreciate a title like ‘ The Boat That Rocked ’ ? ” ( I ’m guessing I ’ll learn that some higher - up decided , “ Hey , the kids love the pirates , so maybe we can trick ’em into thinking this is actually about pirates ! ” )
In my last post Acoustic Music Love , I realized that I had missed some of my favorite acoustic songs .
I thought today I could include a few more .
If any of you have one ’s you think I missed please post a comment with a link so I can check it out .
Place to Be - Nick Drake 1972
Nick Drake is sad rainy day music .
Â
It ’s not necessarily that his music is uber sad .
It just seems to go with a gray day .
Drake makes amazing music mixing his guitar sound with his voice for a perfect blend of sadness .
Â I became a Nick Drake fan when I was working on the VW website 10 years ago and they released a commercial using Pink Moon .
Â
After one view of the commercial I went out and bought his cd’s .
Â
You may be familiar with his Northern Sky ( I could n’t find the album version which I think is the best ) which seems to be in a lot of chick flicks in the last few years .
The Needle and the Damage Done - Neil Young
A simple song of guitar and Neil sung without a doubt with experience .
Â I love the guitar work on this .
The walking base line and the sad tone set of the subject using the guitar .
Suite : Judy Blue Eyes - Crosby , Stills & Nash
Not only can they harmonize incredible well they can also play their guitars .
Â
This cut does n’t show off their combined skills , it still shows a strong portion of what makes them great .
Â
Check out the solo section with one guitar in the break ( at about 5:10 ) .
Â
Is there any doubtÂ Stephen Stills can play ?
Masters of the acoustic tune .
Â
Another favorite of mine is Wasted On The Way
Ventura Highway - America
Somehow some way I have seen America live in concert 5 or so times .
I never sought them out but after every show I have thought wow those guys could play .
If you get a chance to see them I would do it .
Romeo And Juliet - The Killers ( Dire Straits Cover )
I love the Dire Straits version but they seem to be copyright nazi’s and I could n’t find a good version of it .
The Killers did a cover of it and its featured hear .
Â
If you can find it seek out the Dire Straits version its great .
If You Could Read My Mind - Gordon Lightfoot
I do n’t know when I was exposed to Gord ’s gold but I have been hooked since .
I remember singing Sundown around the house when I was in 2nd grade .
Â
This is my favorite of Gordon .
Â
I love this live version .
It shows the passion of the song .
Another favorite is The Wreck of the Edmund Fitzgerald .
I wish music today showed more of these songs , a passion , a love and a master of their craft .
Today ’s members of the middle and professional classes wonder daily what the new normal will be .
They ’re aware , some vaguely , others acutely , that during this period — the most chastening experience in their lives — their families ’ habits and attitudes are changing both conspicuously and imperceptibly .
They chew over what further adjustments are prudent ; they worry over what additional ones may become necessary .
And perhaps most disquietingly , they speculate whether the adjustments they ’ve made in the face of unprecedented uncertainty — and whether that uncertainty itself — will become enduring features of their lives .
These books suggest answers , some trivial and some profound .
The Lynds ’ focus on the myriad ways the Depression was altering the lives and spirit of the middle classes makes Middletown in Transition especially enlightening — and in many ways unsettling .
Although it certainly chronicles grim want and hunger ( though not starvation ) among the working class and unemployed middle classes , the dominant themes are emotional : unrelenting fear and dashed hope .
The defining characteristic of the middle classes has always been their orientation toward the future .
The Depression ruined schemes for such baubles and pleasures as the new car and the winter vacation .
But it also at best disrupted and at worst ( and often ) destroyed carefully wrought plans for so - called investments in the future : the substantial house in the stable neighborhood , the savings account , and , most important , what was then and remains the cynosure of American middle - and professional - class family life — a college education , or a certain kind of college education , for the children .
Even today , that investment largely determines the opportunities parents seize or forgo , the towns they move to , the rhythm of a family ’s daily life .
The Depression rendered any careful planning for the future , an activity that depends on predictable conditions , all but impossible , or at least crazy - making .
Again , most earners in the middle classes were still employed , but their livelihoods were in daily jeopardy ; throughout the country even those at the apex of the professions — doctors and lawyers — saw their incomes drop by as much as 40 percent .
Moreover , although professional - class families had invested and saved prudently ( or so they thought ) , many had been ruined .
Leaving aside the losses in the stock market , a form of investment overwhelmingly confined to members of the middle and upper classes , throughout America from 1929 to 1932 , some 9 million savings accounts were wiped out ( savings accounts , too , were largely limited to members of the middle and upper classes , who alone had extra dollars to put away ) .
More important , even those families not ruined knew that their reverses — those gargantuan declines in the values of their homes and portfolios and the all but universal drastic declines in income during what were supposed to be their peak years of wealth - building — were irretrievable .
They ’d never get back to where they ’d been , to the foundation on which just a few years before they had assumed their future would be built ( not unlike , say , parents of today who have for years carefully contributed to now - clobbered 529 plans for their adolescents ) .
Disaster was always imminent ; the future was at best chancy and diminished .
Inescapably , Muncie ’s middle classes endured year after year of an emotional state that resembled , as the Lynds put it ,
the crisis quality of a serious illness , when life ’s customary busy immediacies drop away and one lies helplessly confronting oneself , reviewing the past , and asking abrupt questions of the future .
Such psychological inferences may be squishy , but all of these accounts agree on one workaday detail of middle - class life : the effort to maintain the highest - possible standard of material living in an age of reduced circumstances meant that the physical burden of the new normal fell overwhelmingly on women .
The hours of what were then called servants were cut , or those workers were fired altogether ( just as is now happening with the hours and jobs of housekeepers , nannies , and — at least here in Southern California — gardeners ) , but the tasks they performed remained to be done .
And “ domestic ” work that had previously been performed outside the home shifted to the household .
Home - baked bread replaced store - bought ; home preserving became de rigueur ( one of the few bright spots in Muncie ’s economy during the Depression ’s early years was that its Ball Brothers plant , the country ’s largest manufacturer of fruit jars , was blessed with capacity production ) .
Clothes and household items were mended rather than replaced .
Today , the twice - weekly takeout dinners from Boston Market or the Whole Foods deli counter , along with the regular expeditions to California Pizza Kitchen or Outback Steakhouse , have been reduced , and children and adults are more frequently brown - bagging their lunches — which means that more meals are being prepared at home .
Eighty years ago , it was wives and mothers who overwhelmingly took up the slack .
Surprise , surprise : little has changed today .
Hitler is alive and well and staying in San Diego
Well , not really .
This one is a joke – but there is a structure , visible on Google Maps , that might make you think otherwise .
A barracks building in the US Navy base in San Diego 's Coronado island , known as the ' Seal 's Lair ' , is very definitely in the shape of a swastika .
Sign up to receive the LITTLE FRIENDS OF
THE LITTLE FRIENDS newsletter by filling out the form below .
Most people enjoy it .
Cool people enjoy it .
I mean , you ended up here , reading this , so I think I can safely make some ( completely non-judgemental ) generalizations .
You 'll like this .
Last.fm is a great service to discover new music and share listening habits with the rest of the Internet , but since its launch the site has lacked proper BitTorrent support .
This shortcoming has now be fixed by PWN Last.fm , a well integrated Greasemonkey script that adds the latest torrents to artist pages on Last. fm .
With millions of active users , Last.fm is one the largest and most appreciated music communities on the Internet .
Its main purpose is to create a personalized library of all the music users play , but it ’s also a handy music discovery tool and recommendation engine .
Although the service enables its users to check out short previews of artists that are recommended to them , they still have to pay the full price for album or track downloads .
However , PWN Last.fm aims to change this by adding BitTorrent downloads to the site .
PWN Last.fm is offering a script that works with Firefox ’s Greasemonkey add - on and the Opera web - browser .
By using is oHunt ’s publicly available API , the script adds BitTorrent search results to every artist page on Last.fm , very well integrated into the site ’s design .
The search results show the first 15 torrents with full titles , file - size and the number of active seeds and peers .
In addition , every torrent has a play icon with a direct link to Bitlet where the torrent can be streamed directly to get a full preview of the tracks .
‘ PWN Last.fm ’ is not the only pirate add - on for Firefox , in fact there are quite a few .
Last year we covered the ‘ Pirates of the Amazon ‘ add - on that offered BitTorrent integration for the Amazon web store .
In addition , IMDB , Metacritic and Rotten Tomatoes all have their own pirate skin available .
Most of the scripts work with the Greasemonkey add - on which allows the installation of all kinds of useful user scripts which customize the web to your pirate needs .
ToNaArea
This iPhone application facilitates the user to search the nearest entertainment venues located in the user 's city .
User can also checkout the details of the entertainment venues and ratings of them with the feature of posting rating too .
User can also get the road map to the selected venue using Google map and GPS .
Features
View list of nearest restaurant and establishment
CMS panel for admin to manage the data of restaurants
Multilingual
Search & Advance Search
Member Login / Sign up
Technology
Some time in the past 12 months , there was a brief window in which we really could have improved capitalism : made it less prone to boom and bust , ensured that levels of inequality would yawn no further apart .
We missed it .
No one is talking – as they were back in April , ahead of the last G20 meeting – about creating a " new Bretton Woods " .
The idea that we need a wholesale rethinking of how the world 's economic parts fit together , as happened in the wake of the Second World War , has been put on the shelf .
Earlier this year I went to Dublin to learn more about the Irish side of my family and to talk about genealogy with Mark Humphrys , a young computer scientist at Dublin City University .
Humphrys has dark hair , deep - blue eyes , heavily freckled arms , and a pasty complexion .
He became interested in genealogy as a teenager , after hearing romantic stories about his ancestors ' roles in rebellions against the English .
But when he tried to trace his family further into the past , the trail ran cold .
The Penal Laws imposed by England in the early eighteenth century forbade Irish Catholics from buying land or joining professions , which meant that very few permanent records of their existence were generated .
" Irish people of Catholic descent are almost completely cut off from the past , " Humphrys told me , as we sat in his office overlooking a busy construction site .
( Dublin City University , which specializes in information technology and the life sciences , is growing as rapidly as the northern Dublin suburb in which it is located . )
" The great irony about Ireland is that even though we have this long , rich history , almost no person of Irish - Catholic descent can directly connect to that history . "
While a graduate student at Cambridge University , Humphrys fell in love with and married an Englishwoman , and investigating her genealogy proved more fruitful .
Her family knew that they were descended from an illegitimate son of the tenth Earl of Pembroke .
After just a couple of hours in the Cambridge library , Humphrys showed that the Earl of Pembroke was a direct descendant of Edward III , making Humphrys 's wife the King 's great - granddaughter twenty generations removed .
Humphrys began to gather other genealogical tidbits related to English royalty .
Many of the famous Irish rebels he 'd learned about in school turned out to have ancestors who had married into prominent Protestant families , which meant they were descended from English royalty .
The majority of American presidents were also of royal descent , as were many of the well - known families of Europe .
Humphrys began to notice something odd .
Whenever a reliable family tree was available , almost anyone of European ancestry turned out to be descended from English royalty — even such unlikely people as Hermann Göring and Daniel Boone .
Humphrys began to think that such descent was the rule rather than the exception in the Western world , even if relatively few people had the documents to demonstrate it .
Humphrys compiled his family genealogies first on paper and then using computers .
He did much of his work on royal genealogies in the mid-1990s , when the World Wide Web was just coming into general use .
He began to put his findings on Web pages , with hyperlinks connecting various lines of descent .
Suddenly dense networks of ancestry jumped out at him .
" I 'd known these descents were interconnected , but I 'd never known how much , " he told me .
" You can't see the connections reading the printed genealogies , because it 's so hard to jump from tree to tree .
The problem is that genealogies are n't two - dimensional , so any attempt to put them on paper is more or less doomed from the start .
They are n't three - dimensional , either , or you could make a structure .
They have hundreds of dimensions . "
Hopefully by now most folk here know that mitochondria are the power plants of our cells , toiling in their thousands inside each cell to turn food into ATP , a chemical used as fuel by other cellular processes .
Mitochondria contain their own DNA , separate from the DNA in the cell nucleus , a legacy of their symbiotic nature .
If some crucial portions of that DNA are damaged , then a mitochondrion will become dysfunctional - and a Rube Goldberg process unfolds from this point , causing age - related degeneration as damage to mitochondrial DNA spirals outwards into increasing forms of disarray and damage in and around your cells .
Unfortunately , mitochondrial DNA is comparatively unprotected , and sits right next to the mitochondrial food - processing machinery that produces all sorts of reactive , damage - inducing molecules as a matter of course .
In theory a cell 's repair and recycling mechanisms should destroy damaged mitochondria before things get out of hand , but in practice it does n't work that way enough of the time .
Hence damage accumulates over the years , and we witness the results of that damage as some fraction of the degenerations of aging .
What I 've outlined in the paragraphs above is the mitochondrial free radical theory of aging .
You can read more of the details back in the Fight Aging ! archives .
Damage to DNA is also known as mutation - any change in the molecular structure that throws a spanner in the works .
But there are numerous different forms of mutational damage , ranging from tiny point mutations to terrible double strand breaks or linear deletions in which whole regions are snipped out of DNA .
A little while back , one group of researchers was arguing against the mitochondrial free radical theory of aging on the basis of mice loaded up with point mutations in their mitochondrial DNA :
The data , which contradict a prominent theory that mitochondrial mutations drive the aging process , show that mice with mitochondrial mutations 500 times higher than normal levels do not show signs of premature aging .
The response to this from other researchers was much along the lines of " well of course it 's not point mutations - the real culprit is large deletions in mitochondrial DNA that happen to knock out one of the dozen or so crucial genes used to build the mitochondrial machinery . "
I noticed a paper today that muddies the waters further - you 'll see a lot of that in any active field of research .
The researchers claim that point mutations are in fact sufficient to cause issues , but not in a direct fashion .
The affected mitochondrial machinery is the respiratory chain or electron transport chain , a mechanism that cycles various molecules and electrons through a process that generates ATP :
The mtDNA mutator mice have high levels of point mutations and linear deletions of mtDNA causing a progressive respiratory chain dysfunction and a premature aging phenotype .
We have now performed molecular analyses to determine the mechanism whereby these mtDNA mutations impair respiratory chain function .
We report that mitochondrial protein synthesis is unimpaired in mtDNA mutator mice consistent with the observed minor alterations of steady - state levels of mitochondrial transcripts .
These findings refute recent claims that circular mtDNA molecules with large deletions are driving the premature aging phenotype .
We further show that the stability of several respiratory chain complexes is severely impaired despite normal synthesis of the corresponding mtDNA - encoded subunits .
To translate : point mutations do n't interfere with the production of proteins needed to build the respiratory chain , but they can make this machinery unstable and inefficient .
This can lead to much the same end result as losing a vital gene completely to a more serious mutation , and here it leads to premature aging in mice engineered for point mutations .
That one group of researchers has point - mutation - bearing mice that age normally and another group has point - mutation - bearing mice that age faster indicates that there 's more to this story , however .
Something is unknown , always the case when solid research appears to be contradictory , and more research is needed to get to the bottom of the mechanisms here .
But note that we could sidestep all of these issues with a technology that repairs or replaces mitochondrial DNA globally throughout the body - such as protofection , demonstrated back in 2005 .
If we replace all mitochondrial DNA with fresh new mitochondrial DNA , then it does n't matter why or how its prior state was causing issues because we just fixed the problem .
This is as good an example as any to show that we do n't need complete understanding of human biochemistry in order to make important inroads into repairing the damage of aging .
More understanding helps , but we have enough knowledge now to move ahead with significant and important rejuvenation technologies - were there a large research community and the will and funding to forge ahead .
But here , as in so many nascent fields of biotechnology with great potential , we are left lacking .
There is no large research community focused on replacing mitochondrial DNA , and to the best of my knowledge only a few small groups are presently working on this sort of technology .
If you wish to understand why this is the case , you might look at the regulatory environment .
The FDA will not approve treatments for aging , and - in conjunction with a pharmaceutical industry happy to squash disruptive upstart companies - ensures that commercial development of new medical technology is made so ridiculously expensive that no great interest is attached to minority diseases .
Mitochondrial diseases beyond aging do n't affect enough people to make it financially viable for a large development industry to form under the present constraints .
This is generally true of highly regulated industries : experimentation is discouraged , and anything other than the broadest application is made unprofitable .
In the years ahead , with the costs of biotechnology falling ever faster , we 'll have to take matters into our own hands if we want to see any real progress .
Edgar , D. , Shabalina , I. , Camara , Y. , Wredenberg , A. , Calvaruso , M. , Nijtmans , L. , Nedergaard , J. , Cannon , B. , Larsson , N. , & Trifunovic , A. ( 2009 ) .
Random Point Mutations with Major Effects on Protein - Coding Genes Are the Driving Force behind Premature Aging in mtDNA Mutator Mice Cell Metabolism , 10 ( 2 ) , 131-138 DOI : 10.1016/j.cmet.2009.06.010
Der britische Sänger Morrissey forderte seine Fans auf mehreren Musikwebseiten auf , keine der neuen Veröffentlichungen auf EMI und Warner zu kaufen .
In beiden Fällen handle es sich um Wiederveröffentlichungen von älterem Material , er sei nicht nach seiner Zustimmung gefragt worden , und er erhalten keine Tantiemen .
Überhaupt habe er von der Emi zum letzten Mal 1992 und von Warner 1999 Tantiemenzahlungen erhalten .
Genau darum geht es. Künstler müssen für kommerzielle Verwertung ihrer Arbeit entlohnt werden .
Die Ausbeutung von Musik - und Kunstschaffenden durch die Verwertungsindustrie muss gestoppt werden .
Und die Verfolgung von Privatkopierern und P2P - Nutzern .
Und diese andauernden , schmierigen Lügen .
Die müssen auch gestoppt werden .
Aber , hey , nach der Bundestagswahl , mit dem zu erwartenden Sieg der Union durch den Überhangmandate - Wahlbetrug werden wir uns erst mal noch viel mehr Lügen , und viel mehr Unrecht , und auch viel mehr Ausbeutung reinziehen müssen .
( nme via techdirt , pic morissey )
Bewerten : Weitersagen : Twitter
Pocket
Flattr
Gefällt mir : Gefällt mir Wird geladen ...
Ähnliche Beiträge
15 . August 2009
Kategorien : copyfight .
Schlagwörter : morrissey , musik , urheberrecht .
Autor : Fritz
17 Kommentare
Comments RSS TrackBack Identifier URI
I WANT TO Be Kind to Cyclists .
Sincerely .
I want to Share the Road , Be Green and Ride the Hub .
There ’s one tiny barrier .
Cyclists give me road rage .
Morning .
Noon .
Night .
I ’ve been driving through Longwood medical area during rush hour .
I should be walking , I know .
My heart does get its morning exercise , though , just through panic attacks .
I see the swarm of cyclists ahead .
My body tenses , my blood pressure soars .
First , they call themselves cyclists , which is a Lance Armstrong word , not a word for anyone who is riding their childhood bike through Harvard Square with a basket on the front .
They remind me of the flying monkeys from the “ Wizard of Oz . ’’
They will come out of nowhere and swerve in front of me .
A whole pack of them will stop for a second , with their bottoms facing me , and they communicate with those bottoms .
Most of their messages are negative .
A raised bottom means “ Get off the road , you gas - guzzling pig ! ’’
At the red light , they will all start to move through as if it ’s green , and I start to follow them , not realizing the light is still red .
The nearby police officer is empathetic but firm , as they ride off but I do n’t .
I look ahead and see their last bottom message , the raised and squeezed one that means : “ See Ya , Would n’t Wanna Be Ya ! ’ ’
No doubt most of these bike riders are healthy young doctors , committed to a lifetime of health and strength .
If so , get really scared about going to the doctor , because these people are probably not in the very top of their class .
See , it takes an idiot to stay in the middle of a lane going uphill , causing a traffic back - up 20 cars long , instead of keeping to the curb .
And yet a miracle happens every day :
We ride behind them , creeping along , but we do n’t say a word .
I guess it ’s because we are the fat ones in our cars , the people causing healthcare costs to rise .
I do n’t think that ’s true , because we never do anything dangerous , unlike healthy people who are constantly breaking things skiing or getting lost hiking .
I have a fantasy .
I drive a hybrid , which means you ca n’t hear me coming .
Normally I am very careful to be sure that people see me coming since they can’t hear my car .
My fantasy is that I will ride silent , ride deep , right behind a cyclist .
Then I ’ll beep my horn , real loud .
Hmm , a little healthcare - debate rage is interfering with my road rage .
Back to the topic :
Now that we ’ve forgotten about re-licensing the elderly , which took us exactly two weeks , let ’s turn our spotlight on this other road menace .
Let ’s license cyclists .
Then let ’s start a whole new “ revenue stream ’’ by deciding what things they do that are moving violations .
First step ?
The written test .
It will be given in a foreign language , because cyclists love to talk about how great foreign countries are for them .
Next ?
Road test .
Same as for a car .
Well , except maybe the parallel parking test , that might be a little silly .
See ?
Now cyclists can drive the way that we have to drive .
Having a license plate so you can be caught even though you look like a Ninja .
Stopping at red lights .
Letting pedestrians cross .
Then there will be the special laws for bikes .
You made the rest of us drive too slowly to make the green light , then you ran right through the red ?
Ticket .
And what about your vehicle ?
Time for annual inspections .
You ’re in traffic riding a bike that has three gears or none ?
Sorry , off the road or confined to your neighborhood .
Under Massachusetts law , you may not use streamers but you may attach baseball cards to your spokes to look cool .
You know that deep happiness when the car that swerved in front of you on Route 128 gets a ticket a mile later ?
That ’s the secret .
That ’s how you make a driver Be Kind and Share the Road .
No billboards , no campaigns are necessary .
Just tickets .
Beautiful , green , made - from - 100 - percent - consumer - waste tickets .
Monique Doyle Spencer is author of “ The Courage Muscle : A Chicken ’s Guide to Living With Breast Cancer . ’’
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
WARSAW ( Reuters ) - Almost half Poland ’s population supports a U.S. decision to scrap a planned anti-missile system partly based on their soil , a survey published on Saturday showed .
U.S. President Barack Obama said on Thursday he was scrapping Bush - era plans to build missile interceptors in Poland and a radar site in the Czech Republic , and instead proposed more flexible defense systems to protect against Iran .
The survey published in the daily Rzeczpospolita by polling firm GFK showed 48 percent of Poles believed the decision was good for Poland , while 31 percent had the opposite view .
A total of 58 percent said the move would have no impact on Poland ’s security .
Political analysts say the economy is a far bigger priority than missile defense for Polish and Czech voters .
Polish Prime Minister Donald
Tusk ’s center - right , pro-EU government never embraced missile defense as keenly as its more conservative predecessor led by Jaroslaw Kaczynski which it ousted in 2007 .
When asked how they interpreted Obama ’s decision , 40 percent of Poles in the survey said it was a concession to Russia .
Russia had fiercely opposed plans to deploy the shield in a
region it had dominated until the fall of communism in 1989 .
Lara Kastner / SIPA
In a 1769 letter to the naturalist John Bartram , Benjamin Franklin observed that while lots of people like accounts of old buildings and monuments , “ I confess that if I could find in any Italian travels a receipt for making Parmesan cheese , it would give me more satisfaction than a transcript of any inscription from any old stone whatsoever . ”
Had Old Ben written this letter 50 years ago , in 1959 , it ’s doubtful that many Americans would have agreed .
Back then , a gourmet American dinner might have included tomato aspic ( gelatin with canned tomato juice ) , crab casserole ( canned crab with canned cream - of - mushroom soup and canned fried onions ) , and cherries jubilee ( canned cherries heated in a chafing dish with brandy and sugar , “ flambéed , ” and poured over vanilla ice cream ) .
Or maybe the entrée would have been beef Wellington ( beef tenderloin and pâté , usually steamed gray in a gooey blanket of dough ) or oysters Rockefeller ( oysters broiled with melted cheese and bread crumbs ) .
Ethnic food came in two varieties : Americanized Italian ( spaghetti with meatballs and red sauce , with grated “ Parmesan ” cheese from a green cylindrical box ) and Americanized Chinese ( fried rice and shrimp with lobster sauce ) .
For the everyman , there was steak ( well done ) and mashed potatoes and canned peas , fried chicken and mashed potatoes and canned peas , and meatloaf and mashed potatoes and canned peas .
Or the newfangled but repulsive TV dinner .
Sure , there were a few notable exceptions , like the Four Seasons in New York and Le Trianon in San Francisco .
Opened by JFK ’s former chef , René Verdon , Le Trianon offered traditional French haute cuisine ( escargot in garlic butter , sautéed sweetbreads , sole meunière , and so on ) , along with a mostly French wine list that few diners understood .
And there was some good regional cooking in the South .
But for the most part , food did n’t matter in America , and being a chef was like being a plumber — a perfectly respectable vocation but no road to stardom .
American food was pretty simple , on par with Britain ’s in its blandness .
These days , American food is far more complicated and infinitely better .
The U.S. has revolutionized its culinary culture over the last 40 - odd years .
No longer is it the developed world ’s worst food nation ; in fact , it ’s perhaps the best .
And it ’s largely thanks to the ( currently disputed ) genius of America ’s entrepreneurial capitalism .
There ’s a downside to every improvement , of course , so let ’s get it out of the way .
When I was a kid , my parents taught me that if someone invites you over for dinner , you eat what they serve and — however disgusting it is — you clean your plate and compliment the host .
Or if someone takes you to a restaurant , even Dutch treat , you say it ’s terrific , even if it stinks .
These days , not so much .
Before a conference I attended recently , for example , I had to fill out and mail a form on which I was instructed to disclose not just my mailing address and Social Security number but any “ dietary requirements , ” too .
In a mischievous mood , I declared that I did n’t eat red or white meat ; fish or seafood ; dairy , wheat , or other starches ; legumes , fruits , or sweets ; and green , yellow , or red vegetables .
I added that I only drank one kind of bottled water .
A secretary wrote back , concerned :
What was my preferred water ?
Just try having a dinner party today .
You ’ll have to contend with perfervid vegans , virtuous vegetarians , persistent pescatarians , lamb - phobics , tongue - phobics , veal - rights advocates , the gluten - intolerant , the lactose - intolerant , the shellfish - intolerant , the peanut - intolerant , the spicy - intolerant , and on and on in an ever - fragmenting array .
For God ’s sake , do n’t serve foie gras ; a guest might show up wearing a suicide vest and blow the whole party to kingdom come .
All this has a lot to do with the decline of traditional manners and the rise of personal assertiveness and the yuppie belief that we can engineer our own immortality .
Food matters so much now that it can make tyrants of our dearest friends and neighbors .
So much for the downside .
On the upside — and it ’s a big upside — American chefs are now celebrities , and if you ’ve eaten their food , you know that they deserve their fame .
Charlie Trotter , Mario Batali , Bobby Flay , Thomas Keller , José Andrés , Suzanne Goin , Rick Bayless , Grant Achatz — the list of other greats and lesser - known but gifted talents is long and growing .
These chefs and their kitchens are at work across the United States , especially in our big cities — even Las Vegas has great food these days — but also well off the beaten path .
Near the tiny village of Ellsworth in northwest Michigan , for instance , is a restaurant called Tapawingo .
The menu includes an amuse - bouche of lemon - mint hummus , fig , apricot , and phyllo ; a salad of crispy artichokes , cucumber , beets , Parmigiano - Reggiano , white balsamic , and locally grown greens and tomatoes ; a rabbit consommé with foie gras ravioli , chanterelles , local mushrooms , and Boursin ; and a rack of lamb with ratatouille , fennel potato galette , arugula coulis , and lamb jus .
How did we go from tomato aspic to Tapawingo ?
Surely rising incomes , the revitalization of great cities , globalization , and the culinary imports of vast waves of immigrants have much to do with it .
But I prefer the Great Man theory of history here — or , better , the Great Woman theory .
The first wedding gift my wife and I received , in 1965 , was a copy of Mastering the Art of French Cooking , by Julia Child ( with Simone Beck and Louisette Bertholle ) .
It still sits on a shelf in our kitchen , bound now by tape , with almost every page earmarked and blotched .
Published in 1961 , Child ’s book brought the techniques of French haute cuisine to the American kitchen , teaching us how to soak and sauté sweetbreads , how to make soufflé au Grand Marnier , how to cut up a duck — all within the limits of the American supermarket of the period .
But it was Child ’s later TV show , Boston PBS ’s The French Chef , that really changed things .
It was unintimidating French cooking : the chef was a goofy - talking giant who dumped in the butter and occasionally spilled things and whacked stuff with mallets and sometimes burned the sauce .
But Julia taught us how to master French cooking , not American .
American food had to be invented before it could be mastered .
And the inventor was another Great Woman , this one on the opposite coast .
In 1971 , Alice Waters opened Chez Panisse in Berkeley , California .
This was the great transformative event in American culinary history .
Chez Panisse grew out of Waters ’s experience not with the butter and fat of Parisian haute cuisine , but with the foods of Mediterranean Provence ( based on olive oil , the fresh fruits of the earth and sea , and the general habit of going to the market with a string bag every day ) .
The principle of Chez Panisse was that food — both animal and vegetable — should be absolutely fresh , and that meant absolutely local .
So it ’s not quite right to say that Waters had to invent American food ; what she did was rediscover and then elaborate on pre-canned , pre-supermarket , pre-tomatoes - all - year - round regional American food .
Were they to read the Chez Panisse “ creed , ” most conservatives would be amused by its blather about “ sustainable practices ” and “ farmers who know their seeds and soil ” and even “ wine makers who know what their grapes have known . ”
But the basic culinary insights embedded in the blather are important : really good food ca n’t be thought up in a chain - food corporate boardroom where shareholders must come first ; a menu should have only so many items on it ; the ingredients ca n’t all be available 365 days a year ; and they are always best when local .
Finally , great cooking is only possible when done in a small business .
Why ?
Because the good chef - owner needs to be as close as possible to the production of the food , close enough to exert almost tyrannical control over the kitchen .
The last time I dined at Charlie Trotter ’s in Chicago — it was a transcendent experience — I saw Trotter standing just inside the kitchen door , watching every single dish that went into the dining room .
Even food “ empires ” run by celebrity chefs like Emeril Lagasse and Wolfgang Puck are relatively small and remain based on the small - business model , with each satellite restaurant ruled by a single head chef trained by the master .
And the master keeps tabs on what goes on .
The chef may be a tyrant , but he ( or she ) is also a slave .
The restaurant business is exceedingly hard , even in good times .
Almost 60 percent of independent restaurants close in their first year .
Many of the failures result not from bankruptcy but from the stresses to family life that start - up restaurateurs must endure .
Our great chefs are artists and entrepreneurs , and both roles require total dedication and tolerance for risk .
Nor does the business get much easier after Year One .
Great restaurants , like human beings , have life cycles : first they ’re young and brash , then they mature , and then they get old and tired and eventually die .
The chef must strive as hard as possible to fight this natural progression .
As with all great art , innovation is key : the way to keep beating the competition is to keep coming up with new ideas .
But new is n’t enough ; the ideas also have to be good .
The food revolution has spread in part thanks to urbanization .
Especially in the bigger cities with freewheeling economies , good restaurants and cooking tend to proliferate .
One young chef works for a star and then , lured by the promise of fame , money , or self - expression , ventures out on his own in the same town .
And as urbanites are spoiled by ever more first - rate restaurants , the demand for good food grows and spills over to suburban and even exurban areas .
Take Washington , D.C. , where I now live , and which was a laggard in the American food revolution until relatively recently .
Power - lunch steak houses and stodgy food dominated the scene until Jeff Buben broke through with Vidalia ( named after a Southern onion ) in 1993 and introduced the city to his brilliant interpretations of regional , and especially Southern , American food : wild gulf shrimp and grits with andouille sausage and sweet onion ravigote ; veal sweetbreads with hand - cut pumpkin cavatelli , chanterelles , Honeycrisp apples , and cider - brown butter emulsion ; red-tail venison tartar and carpaccio with wild horseradish , pickled Hungarian peppers , red vein sorrel , and cranberry - olive sauce ; and lots more .
Just a year later , Michel Richard came to town and opened the marvelous Citronelle , and then José Andrés arrived from Spain and started his local empire of wonders : Café Atlántico ( New Latin style ) , Jaleo ( tapas ) , Oyamel ( Mexican ) , and Zaytinya ( mezze ) .
The revolution had arrived .
Washington now has a burgeoning , innovative restaurant scene , filled with brilliant chefs .
And there are excellent establishments for every price niche .
Not a ten - minute walk from my house on Capitol Hill , for instance , is a new restaurant , Locanda , whose kitchen is run by a young man , Brian Barszcz , who started working in restaurants at 15 , never went to culinary school , and learned his craft under the tutelage mostly of local chefs .
Locanda serves “ Meditalian food , ” and the menu includes braised rabbit ( from a local farm , of course ) , a wonderful beet and goat cheese salad , and a divine squash - filled ravioli .
A bill for two , including drinks , dessert , and a decent bottle of Sangiovese , comes to a reasonable $ 100 .
And Locanda ’s owner just opened an even less expensive place , Café 8 , with excellent Turkish food and a lengthy wine list , all from the Middle East .
It ’s worth noting that some of America ’s culinary superstars have come from abroad .
Once the food revolution began with Alice Waters , the small - business climate and relatively open free market in America — I can’t imagine how hard it must be to open a restaurant in Italy or France — became a powerful draw for ambitious culinary talent from all over the planet .
The principle applies to small - scale restaurateurs as well .
A few blocks away from Café 8 is a tiny bistro , Montmartre , run by two French immigrants .
Again for $ 100 , you can get marvelous tuna tartar and a hanger steak , or a trio of sweet scallops with couscous and grapes and dried apricots , along with a bottle of wine and dessert .
Another exciting aspect of the American food revolution is the mom-and - pop ethnic restaurant .
On U Street in Washington , often referred to as “ Little Ethiopia , ” are a dozen Ethiopian restaurants , all run by recent immigrants fiercely competing to serve the best Ethiopian food .
Most are terrific and cheap .
And that ’s in the city .
Surrounding Washington are sprawling suburbs where immigrant communities live : Salvadorans , Africans , Indians , Pakistanis , and other Asians of all stripes .
There are hundreds of storefront restaurants in these ’ burbs , many serving ethnic food as ridiculously inexpensive as it is wondrously delicious .
Tyler Cowen , who keeps tabs on these joints on his website Ethnic Dining Guide , rightly says that all food , including American , is ethnic .
But whatever we call them , these places often prove fantastic purveyors of the undiluted foods of the world .
Recently , my wife and I dined in a hole - in - the - wall Chinese restaurant , Tacoma Szechuan , in a strip mall on the outskirts of Tacoma , Washington .
Szechuan food has been common in America since the 1980s , and a lot of it is n’t much good .
But this little place served the best Chinese food I ’ve eaten in America — as good as I ’ve had in Hong Kong .
There was fire and savory and salty and subtle garlic and rich fermented beans and wonderful balance and layers and layers of flavor .
The immigrants are dense in Washington , D.C. , but they spread out across the country and take great food with them wherever they go .
And they wo n’t be alone : it ’s not quite true that Bubba has never heard of arugula or cares how much it costs at Whole Foods .
Yes , Bubba usually prefers the goop at Bob Evans , but there ’s a restaurant in Des Moines called Bistro Montage that serves a salad of sliced Bosc pear with roasted beets , Fourme d’Ambert blue cheese and mixed greens tossed with a sherry - walnut vinaigrette , and a “ burger ” made of two four - ounce Sheeder Farms and Niman Ranch patties served on toasted brioche poppy - seed buns with lettuce , tomato , and white truffle mayo , with Parmesan pommes frites and homemade ketchup .
White truffle mayo in Des Moines !
And I ’ve dined well ( let ’s not get carried away ; “ well ” means good , not great ) in Syracuse , Albany , Denver , Columbus , Memphis , and Indianapolis .
I ’ll bet there ’s a decent restaurant in Bakersfield .
The fact is that American food nation is democratic , not elitist .
Our great chefs are n’t born to money and usually come up the hard way in a tough and physically demanding business .
The wonderful ethnic mom-and - pops are often as cheap as McDonald’s .
True , at the very pinnacle you can spend an arm and a leg .
But really great food has gotten cheaper than the best food of the 1960s .
One - hundred - dollar Locanda is more inventive and better than Le Trianon was , and back in 1965 , dinner for two at Le Trianon cost $ 25 .
In inflation - adjusted terms , that ’s $ 163 .
And then there is wine and beer .
In 1959 , Americans could claim a few decent wineries in Napa Valley , but most good wine was French , and most wine produced and consumed in America came in gallon jugs .
Slowly , helped by improvements in wine science and technology ( thanks , UC Davis ; thanks , capitalist investors ! ) , the same small - business dynamics that gave us Tapawingo produced an explosion of good wine in California .
In 1970 , a Straussian political philosophy prof , Warren Winiarski , gave up Machiavelli , moved to California , and started the Stags ’ Leap vineyard and winery .
In 1976 , to the enduring chagrin of the French , his cabernet sauvignon won first prize at that year ’s Paris wine tasting .
Since then , great and innovative wines have been produced all over America ( not to mention all over the world ) .
As for beer , just 30 years ago , Americans were in the grip of industrial purveyors of watery , tasteless swill that eventually became the still - flowing river of even worse Bud Light .
Go into any good liquor store today , by contrast , and you can find craft - beer ( another term for small - business ) gems like Weyerbacher ’s Double Simcoe India Pale Ale , the Brooklyn Brewery ’s elegant Local One , and Dogfish Head ’s rich , complex , dry - hopped 90 - minute IPA .
There ’s a beer culture in America ; there are beer exhibitions pairing craft beers with artisanal cheese and chocolate ; there ’s an East Coast–West Coast hops war ( East prefers balance ; West prefers blast ) .
We live in beer heaven , where American brewers regularly beat Belgians , Germans , and Czechs in blind taste tests conducted by the New York Times .
Now , there ’s still lots of bad food in America , almost all of it purveyed by the god -awful chains .
And boy , do they ever purvey , with such marvels as Olive Garden ’s “ endless pasta bowl ” — a bottomless tub of what tastes like Cream of Wheat with ketchup on top .
I once ordered a club sandwich at a chain sports bar , and the monstrosity overlapped a platter as big as a surfboard .
Recently , in Michigan , I sat in my car outside a store , Playmakers , which sells expensive running gear .
Right next to it was another store , Old Country Buffet , where for under $ 10 , you can eat a mountain of macaroni salad , piles of “ spoon tender ” pot roast , and acres of “ pizza . ”
Beemer after Beemer disgorged tanned anorexics , striding in search of their essentials for athletic self - torture .
Beater after beater disgorged pallid humongoids , sporting steamer - trunk rumps , waddling in search of the latest in cream pies .
The obesity epidemic has at least something to do with — probably a lot to do with — the ubiquity of cheap , supersized low - end food in America .
Once , you got gas and a Coke at a gas station ; now , you can get gas and a Coke and pizza and hot dogs and Ding Dongs and 20 kinds of chips .
Ditto for the drugstore , the movies , and the convenience store on every other corner .
It ca n’t be good for America to become Lard - Ass Nation .
It ’s going to cost us a lot in medical care , for starters .
But it ’s the bad food that makes people fat .
You just ca n’t consume the good stuff by the ton , since the purpose of great cookery is artistry and taste , not repletion , and too much of a good thing ruins the good thing .
C. P. Snow famously argued that modernity results in a hopeless divide between the culture of modern science and technology and the culture of the arts and humanities .
Maybe that ’s true on campus .
But it ’s not true in the hurly - burly world of modern capitalism , where science and technology and the artistic human spirit fuse to delightful effect .
Were Shakespeare alive today , he ’d doubtless be making movies and cable TV series with computer - aided special effects .
And if you do n’t think that a chef could know or care about science , you have n’t experienced the latest culinary twist : molecular gastronomy , first thought up in Europe by a physical chemist ( Hervé This ) and a physicist ( Nicholas Kurti ) .
This new approach figures out what goes on chemically when we boil milk or steam a stalk of asparagus , and then applies that know - how to improving old techniques and inventing new ones .
The result : dishes that are just out of this world .
Chef - entrepreneurs like Grant Achatz in Chicago and Wylie Dufresne in the Big Apple have introduced molecular gastronomy to these shores with great success .
And there ’s even what I ’ll call metamolecular or transmolecular cuisine , influenced by molecular gastronomy ’s concern for gustatory structure but still building from classical forms .
The brilliant Paul Liebrandt of Corton is the reigning master of this newest style .
At a recent visit to Corton , I started with a dish called “ Violet Hill Egg : Salt Cod , Baby Squid , Pheasant Consommé . ”
The egg floated just beneath the surface of a salt cod espuma , with only the bright orange yolk visible .
Beneath the egg , the baby squid rested invisibly at the bottom of the bowl , and an ethereal ring of pheasant consommé was poured deftly around the circumference .
A delicate feast for the eyes as well as a symphony for the palate , it was a perfect combination of organic purity and synthetic preparation and structure .
If you tire of all the razzle - dazzle , though , visit Joe and Osman ’s Steak ’n ’ Egg Kitchen , a greasy - spoon diner run by two immigrants from Sierra Leone in Tenleytown in D.C .
The food is great , though not so good for your heart .
If you ’re lucky , the middle - aged Asian cook will be working the griddle .
His scarred and burned arms flying , and never saying a word , he puts on a veritable short - order ballet , tossing and cracking and flipping eggs and bacon and pancakes and home fries , gliding from side to side and spinning from the counter to the stove and back .
The ergonomic perfection matches that of the two over easy .
From Alice Waters to molecular gastronomy to Joe and Osman ’s joint — has America got it all ?
Impossible , because nobody can predict what new culinary delights the small - business heroes of food will create next .
True , economic times are tough right now .
But it ’s important to remember that the good times will roll again and that — boom or bust — we ’ll be left not only with Kindles and MP3 players the size of postage stamps but with a culinary landscape unimaginable 50 years ago .
I ’d like to go on , but I ’ve got to make some reservations .
LOS ANGELES , California ( CNN ) -- Michael Jackson 's mother and his three children receive an allowance totaling more than $ 86,000 a month , according to court documents released Thursday .
Michael Jackson 's estate provides $ 86,000 a month for Katherine Jackson and her grandchildren .
The money given them by the Michael Jackson estate is in addition to the maintenance of the home -- which is owned by the estate -- in Encino , California , where Katherine Jackson lives with her grandchildren , the papers said .
The Los Angeles County judge overseeing the probate of Jackson 's will ordered that the petitions for their monthly allowance be made public -- although with some details removed .
Those papers were released Thursday .
Katherine Jackson was granted custody of her son's three children soon after Jackson 's June 25 death .
She and the children were named beneficiaries , along with unnamed charities , in Jackson 's 2002 will .
Control of the estate 's assets , however , was given to lawyer John Branca and John McClain , a former music industry executive .
Jackson named them as trustees in his will .
The petitions filed by Branca and McClain in July , and later approved by Judge Mitchell Beckloff , outlined $ 26,804 in monthly expenses for Katherine Jackson .
The largest amount from that , $ 4,722 , pays for an assistant for her .
Another $ 3,500 each month is budgeted for clothing for Katherine Jackson , who is 79 years old .
She 's also given $ 2,000 each for a housekeeper and driver .
She has a $ 1,500 entertainment allowance each month , the documents said .
The details of the children 's budget are mostly blacked out at their lawyer 's request .
Margaret Lodise told the judge there was concern someone could use the financial information to pose as one of the children online .
She told CNN the family was aware of people posing as Jackson children with Twitter accounts .
The documents did reveal the three children get a combined $ 60,000 a month from their father 's estate .
They pay $ 14,600 a month for salaries and payroll taxes for people who take care of them , according to the petition .
Michael Jackson 's children get $ 13,260 each month for entertainment and related expenses , the papers said .
The petition estimated Michael Jackson 's estate is worth at least $ 500 million and is growing .
Major deals have been reached in the past month that are expected to add tens of millions of dollars to the estate , including a movie and music deal with Sony .
All About Michael Jackson • Los Angeles • Katherine Jackson
Ron Paul Campaign Statement on South Carolina Primary
Ron Paul 2012
January 22 , 2012
“ The race for the Republican nomination is wide open — and is a marathon , not a sprint . ”
LAKE JACKSON , Texas – The Ron Paul 2012 Presidential campaign released the following statement regarding the South Carolina primary results .
Below please find comments from National Campaign Chairman Jesse Benton :
“ Ron Paul performed well in South Carolina tonight despite his focus on other states and campaigning in the Palmetto State for only four days .
“ Dr. Paul quadrupled his 2008 numbers after tripling them in New Hampshire and Iowa .
“ Tonight ’s results also throw this race wide open .
There still is no indisputable front runner .
The long hard road to the nomination is merely beginning .
“ As a result of their showing this evening , establishment candidates Mitt Romney and Newt Gingrich will have a lot more questions raised next week .
“ Romney and Gingrich have an abundance of big government positions and flip - flops for which Republican voters will want answers .
The answers to those questions are out there and this is just the beginning of the scrutiny of these candidates .
The Rest …HERE
Hulton Archive / Getty Images
Information from the most diverse sources sometimes coalesces and provokes reflection on a subject to which one has not previously given sufficient thought .
This happened to me recently with regard to the effect of monetary inflation on human character .
With many observers predicting a substantial rise in inflation as a result of various government spending programs undertaken to reverse the current global downturn , the topic is anything but academic .
I was reading The Innocence of Edith Thompson , by Lewis Broad , a book about a notorious murder in 1920s London .
Freddy Bywaters was a handsome young sailor , Edith Thompson an unsatisfactorily married woman .
They had a torrid love affair , and Bywaters eventually stabbed Thompson ’s husband to death as he walked home one evening from the theater with his wife .
Thompson ’s love letters to Bywaters , prosecutors claimed , were an incitement to murder — such an incitement that they rendered her a murderess herself .
She was found guilty of the deed and hanged .
Broad ’s book — written in 1952 , 31 years after the event — happens to mention Thompson ’s comparative prosperity .
She managed a millinery shop and earned enough to put her in the middle class : “ six pounds per week , ” as the author puts it , “ or twelve pounds in our debased currency . ”
A doubling of prices in three decades called a debasement of the currency ?
What would Broad have written if he knew what was to come in the years ahead ?
Then I began reading Ursa Major , a study of Doctor Johnson by C. E. Vulliamy .
It was hostile to the great man ; but from the point of view of inflation , what was interesting was Johnson ’s pension from the crown .
Worth 300 pounds per year when granted in 1762 , Vulliamy informs us , it would have been worth 800 pounds at the time of Ursa Major ’s publication in 1946 .
But that 800 pounds , according to Broad ’s book , would have been worth only 400 pounds as recently as 1921 .
If we put these two stories together , it means that 300 pounds in 1762 was the equivalent of 400 pounds in 1921 ; or , in other words , that in a century and a half , prices rose in Britain by about 33 percent , an overall rate so slow as to have been almost imperceptible year to year , even decade to decade .
Such stability must have seemed more a fact of nature than a consequence of human behavior or policy , and therefore something that would last forever .
Of course , calculations of prices between different historical epochs can be inexact , if only because some things available to later ages were not available to earlier ones .
What was the price of a chocolate bar in 1762 ?
We can never know : bars of chocolate did not exist then .
Nevertheless , I can attest to a prolonged era of price stability from evidence in my own lifetime .
When I was born , it cost one and a half times as much to send a letter as it did 100 years earlier .
In my childhood , during the fifties , we still used the same coins , with the same denominations , that people had used during the Victorian era .
The silver coins were still made of silver , not a worthless silvery metal .
Occasionally , we would even come across pre-Victorian coins .
Their continued use was not absurd : though prices had risen , they still bore some resemblance to what they had been in the earlier time .
When my grandmother gave me a florin — one - tenth of a pound — I felt rich .
It was enough , in any case , to buy a paperback book ; between 50 and 60 times as much would be required now .
I also remember the vast white five - pound notes , as grandiose and almost as large as professional diplomas or nineteenth - century share certificates , that my father kept in a roll in his pocket , only 100 or 200 of which would have been needed in those days to buy a decent house .
And it was still possible for a boy like me to buy something — albeit only a stick of gum — with the smallest coin of the realm , a farthing , worth one - 960th of a pound .
That something could be sold for such a tiny fraction of money might seem a sign of general poverty .
But though the Britain of my youth lagged economically , it was far from poor .
The regime of relative price stability soon collapsed .
During the sixties and seventies , the sums of money of which everyone spoke increased , first by a little and then by a lot ( and how nonchalantly we now speak of trillions of dollars or euros ! ) .
All that had seemed solid , to paraphrase Marx , melted into air .
At the time , I gave no thought to the effects of this inflation , which tended to be discussed in purely economic terms — experts would ask , say , whether inflation was compatible with satisfactory economic growth .
In a naive way , I assumed that since most people ’s income tended to rise with inflation , there was nothing to worry about .
I did not suffer personally because of it , nor did most of the people I knew .
If a product once cost y and now cost 10y , what did it matter , so long as your income had gone up by ten times , too ?
Since people seemed better off , at least measured by what they could consume , one could even assume that incomes had risen faster than inflation .
Yet this was a crude way of looking at things , as my father ’s fate should have instructed me .
He sold his business in the sixties , at the end of the period of price stability that had reigned throughout his life , for what then seemed a large amount of money .
He was a man who , for both temperamental and ideological reasons , held a deep contempt for financial speculation and wheeling and dealing , with the result that he did nothing as inflation inexorably eroded his savings .
He grew poorer and poorer through the remaining 30 years of his life , and might have sunk into poverty had he not moved into a house that I owned .
And this after reaching a level of wealth that , relatively speaking , was greater than I shall probably ever know .
For a while , I was angry about what seemed my father ’s improvidence and lack of foresight .
As the current financial crisis has conclusively demonstrated , however , not everyone is blessed with foresight , not even those whose livelihood depends primarily on the claim of possessing it .
My father was born of a generation that saw money as a store of value , a far from dishonorable notion — and one that , when it reflected reality , helped give a lot of people peace of mind .
And as I reach the age when inflation might cause me some embarrassment , even hardship , my sympathy with my father ’s plight has grown .
I am no longer young enough to fight another day , economically speaking : the destruction of my wealth by inflation would be final .
In an aging population , more and more people are in my position , which helps explain why an age of prosperity can be an age of anxiety , even without a financial crisis .
Like my father , I am not particularly avaricious ; on the other hand , I have no vocation for poverty and share the prejudice of most of mankind that a loss of capital and a sharp decline of income are much to be feared .
In an era of price stability , a man of my disposition could judge with a degree of certainty how much money he would need for each year of his retirement .
The calculation of how much principal he would require now , in order to yield that amount of money in interest each year in the future , was relatively simple and would yield financial tranquillity .
That kind of tranquillity about one ’s financial future is more difficult for most of us to achieve now .
President Reagan and Prime Minister
Thatcher brought raging inflation under control in the U.S. and Britain during the eighties — at the cost of great short - term economic pain and considerable political and social strain — but they could not reverse the public ’s loss of confidence in money as a store of value .
People must today try to foresee not only how long they will live but also what is even less predictable : the reigning economic conditions of the next 40 years , assuming this to be the upper limit of their retirement period .
And this , to quote Doctor Johnson in another context , “ requires faculties which it has not pleased our Creator to give us . ”
There seems to be no choice , then , but for everyone to have constant regard to his own pile , and to try to outwit the economic moth and rust that threaten to erode all but the largest fortunes : in short , he must speculate , or risk losing nearly everything .
The question of whether it is best to hold shares , or bonds , or property , or gold , or some combination of them , is constantly before him .
Further , as many who have taken tips from their brokers or bank will attest , funds ’ managers and investors do not always have the same interests .
A man trying to preserve a competence learns to trust neither himself nor others .
Inflation has overturned centuries of economic wisdom , or at least prejudice .
When Polonius conferred his parting platitudes on Laertes , one was to “ neither a lender nor a borrower be , ” and this because a “ loan oft loses both itself and friend . ”
A quarter of a millennium later , Mr. Micawber famously asserted that the secret of happiness was to live within one ’s means ; and while credit is obviously essential for economic growth , an intuitive difference exists between borrowing to consume beyond one ’s means and borrowing to increase one ’s means .
Inflation has blurred that intuitive difference .
Many times I have received advice , from friends and banks , to borrow as much as I could so that I might buy the best and most expensive house possible .
And for many years it seemed good advice , for what could be more advantageous than to buy an appreciating asset with depreciating currency , especially when my income was likely to appreciate faster than the currency depreciated ?
It was a painless way to become rich .
I did not take the advice — not entirely , anyway .
I remained sufficiently a child of the regime of constant prices that I found it difficult to imagine how a sum that seemed vast now would seem trifling in just a few years : caution seemed wiser .
Even so , I borrowed within what I thought to be my means , and thereby accumulated assets of a value that I could not have obtained by the steady buildup of savings .
The curious result has been that at no point in my career could I have afforded to buy the real estate that I now own , whose value — even now , after a precipitate post - financial - crisis decline — greatly exceeds my cumulative income over the years .
If my borrowing had been bolder , the value would exceed my earnings even more .
My situation is no different from that of millions of others , of course .
And since we are all richer than we should otherwise be , is there anything , really , to complain about ?
The problem is that this “ richer ” represents a curious kind of wealth .
I must live somewhere , after all , and everywhere else has appreciated in value , too .
I do n’t live any better in my house than I did before simply because it is worth three times what I paid for it .
Its increase in value is thus of no use to me , unless I want to sell it to live in a less valuable house and invest the difference .
An increase in the value of one ’s house is therefore a bit like fool ’s gold .
But for many years , people — in Britain , especially — have treated rising property values as if they were the real thing , and the government has supported this belief by allowing extremely easy credit .
My bank gave me some good examples not long before the crunch .
I still remember the letter that the bank sent me when I was a student , pointing out with considerable asperity that I was almost three pounds overdrawn and asking when I would correct this serious irregularity .
Nearly 40 years later , I briefly overdrew my account again — this time by much more — and wrote to the bank , explaining that I would clear the balance in a few days .
Unusually , the bank called me : a banker wanted to see me , and would like to come to my house .
I made an appointment and expected him with some trepidation .
When he arrived , I repeated that I would pay off the overdraft , and more , in less than a week ’s time .
“ Oh , we do n’t want you to do that , ” he said .
“ I ’ve come here to ask whether you want to borrow more money . ”
“ What for ? ”
“ Well , a nice new car , or perhaps the holiday you ’ve always dreamed of . ”
I was astonished .
The bank was encouraging me to indebt myself for an asset whose value would swiftly melt away — or for one of no resale value whatsoever .
After rejecting this offer , I soon found myself receiving others — of large loans that would be advanced to me , as if by right , by a simple telephone call .
Apart from home improvements , whose enduring monetary value would depend on the state of the property market , all the suggested uses to which I might want to put the lent money were for consumption in the here and now .
It all suggested a giant pyramid scheme .
Some time later , I was thinking about buying another house , for which I would need a short - term loan .
Passing my bank , and having a few minutes to spare , I entered and inquired about how I would arrange such a loan .
Within five minutes , the bank had offered me a sum that was 20 percent larger than the single asset that it had evidence that I owned ( another house ) — whose value , in any case , was subject to fluctuation , including downward .
I came away feeling that the bank was careless to the point of frivolity ; it was treating money as if it were playing Monopoly , not exercising due diligence on behalf of its shareholders and depositors .
Sure enough , the bank was nationalized two years later , in 2009 , and its 3 million shareholders , who had enjoyed several fat years before the collapse , wound up virtually expropriated .
During those fat years , a man could sit at home watching television and imagine that he was growing richer thereby .
I remember an eminent professor ’s telling me , with a barely concealed exultation , that he was making nearly $ 1,000 per day , week after week , merely by owning a very large house in a fashionable area : an amount that , needless to say , dwarfed any savings he might salt away from his salary .
The government could not have been better pleased , for the majority of the population , who owned their own homes , felt prosperous as never before and attributed their affluence to the government ’s wise economic guidance .
But asset inflation — ultimately , the debasement of the currency — as the principal source of wealth corrodes the character of people .
It not only undermines the traditional bourgeois virtues but makes them ridiculous and even reverses them .
Prudence becomes imprudence , thrift becomes improvidence , sobriety becomes mean - spiritedness , modesty becomes lack of ambition , self - control becomes betrayal of the inner self , patience becomes lack of foresight , steadiness becomes inflexibility : all that was wisdom becomes foolishness .
And circumstances force almost everyone to join in the dance .
Except in one circumstance , that is : the possession of a salary and a pension that the government promises , implicitly or explicitly , to index against inflation .
This is the situation of public - sector workers and is a pyramid scheme , too , perhaps the biggest of the lot , since events may require the government to renege on its obligations .
But meantime , such employment will seem a safe haven , and the temptation will be for government to expand it , with the happy consequence — for itself — of increasing dependence .
And dependence , too , undermines character .
It is no coincidence that the Western leader most worried about a new bout of inflation is German chancellor Angela Merkel .
If there is one thing that Germans agree about , it is the necessity — social and political as much as economic — of a sound currency .
The hyperinflation of the 1920s brought about a German change in mentality as great as , or greater than , the one caused by World War I , with what disastrous consequences 50 million dead might attest if they had voice .
The solidity of the deutsche mark was the great German achievement of the second half of the twentieth century .
Inflation is not a bogey for everyone — not for those who wish to restructure society , for example , or for those who want government control of ever more aspects of people ’s lives .
But for the rest of us , the consequences of its full - blown return are not likely to be good : for inflation is not an economic problem only , or even mainly , but one that afflicts the human soul .
Flaw In Sears Website Left Database Open To Attack
Business - logic flaw in Sears.com
Web application could have let hackers brute - force attack the retailer 's gift card database
A newly discovered vulnerability on Sears.com could have allowed attackers to raid the retail giant 's gift card database .
Alex Firmani , owner of Merge Design and a researcher , this week revealed a major security hole on Sears.com that could allow an attacker to easily steal valid gift cards -- a heist he estimates could be worth millions of dollars .
Firmani says he alerted Sears about the flaw , and that Sears has since " plugged " the hole by removing the feature that let customers verify and check their gift - card balances .
The vulnerability was a business logic flaw in a Web application that handles gift card account inquiries ; Firmani was able to stage a brute - force attack that could grab all valid , active Sears and Kmart gift cards from the company 's database .
Firmani says the site was n't auditing verification requests , which allowed him to verify gift card and PIN combinations using a homegrown PHP script that automatically submitted the requests .
" I wrote a PHP script to hammer their verification server .
It happily replied with thousands of verification responses per minute , " he says .
The Sears application relied on client - side cookies to halt brute - force verification attempts , which Firmani says was n't effective .
" They should know where the verification requests come from , log them all , and be able to disable the verifications when they have a malicious attack , " he says .
" It does n't appear to me that they had any server - side control over how many verifications were done . "
Jeremiah Grossman , CTO of WhiteHat Security , says this type of flaw is probably fairly common on retailer Websites .
And unlike a cross -site scripting or SQL injection bug , this business logic flaw is different : " It basically lets an attacker defraud Sears.com directly , " Grossman says .
Firmani's discovery came on the heels of reports of multiple cross-site scripting ( XSS ) vulnerabilities on Sears '
Web pages that were abused by an attacker to deface the Website .
" I thought this was notable with Sears being a Fortune 50 company , " he says .
" I have not tested many other large retailers , but I would hope most of them take better care than this .
For smaller sites that write their own gift - card verification code , I 'd expect just as many are vulnerable . "
Firmani , who says he discloses Website flaws to site owners in order to highlight common Web application security issues , suggests that Sears require a valid user account login before allowing a verification request to be sent .
" You could then record the number of verification requests and lock out any offending accounts automatically and without relying on client - side cookie , " he wrote in his disclosure paper .
" Recording requests server - side would be a more reliable way of handling repeat request offenders . "
Another option is recording to a server - side database IP addresses of users verifying their gift cards , he said , as well as using a " number - used once " scheme in the verification form or logging all verification requests and using a script to shut down the response server if more than a specifically designated number of requests arrive per minute , he said .
" Security these days is less about what version of Apache you 're running and more about custom - written Web applications .
With Web apps given unfettered database access , it becomes a simple matter of exploiting less - than - solid Web application programming , " Firmani says .
" Finding holes in home - brewed Web app code is much easier than exploiting a root - escalation bug on a Linux server , but both often have similar database access . "
Have a comment on this story ?
Please click " Discuss " below .
If you 'd like to contact Dark Reading 's editors directly , send us a message .
Kelly Jackson Higgins is the Executive Editor of Dark Reading .
She is an award - winning veteran technology and business journalist with more than two decades of experience in reporting and editing for various publications , including Network Computing , Secure Enterprise ... View Full Bio
The big , white house near Reed College was screaming for an energy upgrade : almost 100 years old , scanty insulation , nearly triple the drafts of a modern home .
Last month , it got one -- with the help of two energy audits , federal tax credits , Energy Trust of Oregon subsidies , and a low - interest , long - term loan through a new Portland program that gave owners John and Leslie McGuigan confidence they were doing the right thing .
That 's one upgrade down , about 1.8 million to go .
In August , the Northwest Power and Conservation Council 's staff dramatically upped the ante on energy efficiency , detailing what it would take to double electricity conservation during the next two decades in the Northwest .
Doing so would not only cut consumers ' power bills but virtually eliminate the need to build new carbon - spewing power plants .
The catch : Utilities , businesses and homeowners will have to buy in en masse .
Weatherproofing and insulating old homes was high on the council 's conservation list .
So was making 5.6 million clothes washers energy - efficient , improving lighting over 2.6 billion square feet of business floor space , and upgrading refrigerators in 1,700 supermarkets and 5,000 convenience stores .
The payoff would be huge : Conservation in Oregon , Washington , Idaho and Montana , the council says , could avoid millions of tons of greenhouse gas emissions and eliminate 85 percent of the expected increase in electricity demand by 2029 .
That 's the equivalent of 20 new power plants .
Better yet , conservation is relatively cheap , despite its upfront costs .
By most measures , saving energy is anywhere from 50 to 75 percent cheaper than buying it on the open market or building power plants .
Disagreements remain about how much conservation is economical or technically feasible .
As the McGuigans ' project illustrates , achieving the plan 's goals would take a far broader and deeper effort than blanketing the region with compact fluorescent light bulbs .
Some utilities worry that the power council 's short - term targets may not be achievable .
Others , including
Portland General Electric Co
. , say they 're onboard on board but leery of banking on savings outside their control .
Even with conservation savings , PGE says , it will need to invest in two new gas plants and make controversial upgrades to its coal - fired plant to meet customer demand .
" We 're willing to look at the economics of efficiency and put it into the plan .
We know our customers want us to do this stuff , " said Dave Robertson , PGE 's vice president of public policy .
But " we 've got this mandate to keep the lights on 24/7 . "
The Northwest is n't starting from scratch on conservation .
Oregon already has a law that sets aside a bit more than 2 percent of revenues from the state 's privately owned utilities for conservation work .
The Bonneville Power Administration , which sells energy to more than 140 publicly owned utilities , offers rate credits to customers for conservation gains .
During the past three decades , the region has saved 3,600 average megawatts of electricity -- enough to serve all of Idaho or western Montana 's demand -- through energy - efficiency efforts , the council says .
Conservation advocates say the time is ripe for ramping up .
The Obama administration has pumped billions in stimulus dollars into the work .
Portland and other local governments are adopting programs that pinpoint the most effective measures in a home , then offer loans whose payments are offset by reductions in utility bills .
Also working in conservation 's favor : Energy prices are projected to steadily rise , increasing the conservation payoff .
Concerns about global warming put a premium on cutting carbon emissions .
And the shaky economy increases the appeal of jobs - rich conservation programs .
The power council revises its 20 - year plans every five years .
When it comes to conservation , said Tom Eckman , the council 's conservation program manager , " This is the first one where we 're seeing the stars align politically .
" Public policy and the utilities have finally got it that buying the cheapest and least - risk thing first is a good idea . "
Viewing conservation as a reliable resource is a sea change in an industry that profits by building new plants .
And while though conservation is relatively cheap , it depends on politically volatile subsidies from ratepayers and taxpayers .
The power council , charged by law with setting power priorities , estimates that the region will have to double or triple its spending on conservation efforts to achieve its target .
The potential for cost - effective savings in homes , apartments and the industrial sector has surged with technological progress , the council says .
The electrical draw from consumer electronics can be cut substantially as light - emitting diodes , or LEDs , replace current screens .
In 2008 , the region spent an estimated $ 11.4 billion on electricity generation and distribution , according to council staff .
That included $ 300 million on conservation efforts .
The new plan contemplates spending about $ 1 billion a year on conservation .
That increase would be added to electricity customers ' rates .
The alternative is to build power plants to generate the same amount of energy or buy the electricity on the open market .
By the power council 's estimates , that would cost about twice as much .
Far - and - wide conservation opportunities make for high potential savings , but make achieving the targets more complicated .
In the past five years , nearly a third of the region 's conservation gains came from one technology : compact fluorescent light bulbs .
There are still some home - run measures in the new plan , including efficiency gains in televisions and new heat - pump water heaters .
But it relies more on bundles of smaller upgrades , such as converting 1.6 million exit signs to LED lights .
Or installing 5.9 million low - flow shower heads to save on water heating .
Replacing thousands of industrial motors .
Automatically turning off the lights that shine on 2.3 billion square feet of businesses -- an area 10 times the size of Portland 's Forest Park .
Some savings will come from tighter government standards for energy used by new homes , appliances and electronic devices .
But maximizing savings will require hundreds of thousands of business managers , homeowners and government buyers to side with energy efficiency over the status quo , even though it might cost more initially .
That means connecting with machine shops , farmers and other small and rural customers who may not even be aware of the programs .
It also means fielding a larger and more sophisticated conservation work force capable of complex tasks such as fine - tuning a large office building 's HVAC system -- one of the biggest opportunities identified in the power council 's plan .
" Fixing a lot of this stuff is not a matter of changing the lights , " said Phil Welker , executive director of the nonprofit energy consultancy Portland Energy Conservation Inc .
" You better have some real expertise to get in and find the root problem . "
Conservation advocates say they 'll have to tailor programs to specific industries .
They 'll need stable funding from ratepayers and taxpayers to cement long - term relationships with businesses .
And they 'll need subsidies and much more outreach to motivate home and business owners , who are notoriously stingy with energy - efficiency upgrades , expecting payback in one to three years .
At Fought & Co. , a Tigard - based steel fabricator , buying new power supplies for 48 welding torches meant persuading managers to spend $ 73,000 in the midst of a recession .
To make that case , the Energy Trust agreed to cover about 60 percent of the tab -- $ 105,000 out of a $ 178,000 bill .
The new equipment consumes 94 percent less energy when idling , and 25 percent less under a full welding load .
It should save $ 24,000 a year in power costs , the company figures .
The power council says paper mills and food storage operations , heavy on refrigeration , have some of the most industrial conservation potential .
Haggen Inc. tapped subsidies from the BPA and several utilities to reconfigure its refrigeration systems in 24 regional stores .
Energy consultants identified more than a dozen measures Haggen could take to improve efficiency .
But in an industry with tight profit margins , the company opted for measures that would pay back off in two years .
" We 've known these things were out there , " said Glen Foresman , Haggen 's director of retail support .
" The incentive made it more economically feasible . "
The power council 's draft power plan has its skeptics , not least the council itself .
The eight members , appointed by the governors of four states , delayed releasing the plan twice because of concerns from Montana and Idaho representatives .
The new power plan 's conservation goals are " much more aggressive " than those in the last previous plan , said Jim Yost , one of Idaho 's council members .
" Conservation saves you energy , but it costs you money to save it . "
Randall Pozdena , a consultant and economist who negatively critiqued Oregon 's plan for greenhouse gas reductions , is wary of claims of big untapped conservation savings .
The energy savings do n't take into account the energy used to produce new , energy - efficient gizmos , he says .
And industry has a lot of costs sunk into equipment that would go out the door if replaced .
" We 've got to be very suspicious of trying to transform a market selling objects that no one wants to buy unless you subsidize them , " Pozdena said .
Despite federal stimulus spending on conservation projects , the recession is expected to dampen spending on energy - efficiency retrofits as companies look to cut costs .
Washington utilities , bound by state law to follow make resource choices consistent with the council 's plan , are n't sure they can meet its short - term goals .
" The question is n't whether ; it 's about when and how much , " said Scott Corwin , executive director of the Portland - based Public Power Council .
The McGuigans had some timing issues themselves .
A year ago , the couple had their first energy audit .
Two contractors followed .
They had different ideas , and different prices , for what made sense in the McGuigans ' 1912 home .
" I got confused because I just do n't have that level of expertise , " Leslie McGuigan said .
" So we dropped it . "
This spring , the couple read about Portland 's new conservation program .
This time , an Energy Trust official arrived with the contractor , agreeing jointly on what needed to be done .
Energy
Trust subsidies covered just under a third of the cost .
The McGuigans , one of the first to take advantage of the new program , will pay $ 7,000 to have insulation laid , sprayed and blown into their attics and exterior walls .
EcoTech , the contractor , also plugged air gaps with caulking and foam and added weatherstripping to cut down on drafts .
The McGuigans will pay about $ 45 a month on their 20 - year loan , less than the expected savings on their utility bill .
The work should cut the home 's annual carbon emissions by 12,400 pounds .
John McGuigan , a business lawyer , said he thought about environmental benefits -- and the bottom line .
" It was the right thing to do , " he said , " at the right cost . "
Ted Sickinger : 503-221-8505 ; tedsickinger@news.oregonian.com
Scott Learn : 503-294-7657 ; scottlearn@news.oregonian.com
A spokesman told The Sun : " The UK had the longest time .
We found no major difference in those who used condoms .
But men who drank alcohol before sex tended to last longer . "
It 's common practice for retailers like GameStop to offer exclusive deals to gamers who pre-order titles .
It makes sense from a business perspective : by providing in - game content that no one else does , players are more likely to go to certain chains for pre-orders , which generate a large amount of cash for the stores up - front .
However , taking a look at the GameStop - exclusive content for many of the big games that are due out this fall , the list is long and contains some in - game features that are often more than a bit surprising based on what they make available to players .
To say the least , the list shows that gamers are n't going to get to play the full game unless they shop at this specific retail chain .
It certainly is n't a new thing for retail chains to offer exclusive content as a reward for gamers who decide to shop at their stores ; it seems as if every large franchise has a bit of content or a bonus that you can only get if you shop at this specific specialty retailer .
The above list is only a small proportion of the total number of bonuses , which may also include posters and T - shirts that are exclusive to the retailer .
While the list does n't give players access to a ridiculous amount of content ( like an entire mountain in Shaun White Snowboarding if you bought the game at Target ) , it also shows that developers and publishers are more than willing to play ball with a retailer many claim to despise for its used - game sales .
Howard Dean , former Democratic National Committee chairman , minced no words about Sen .
Max Baucus 's healthcare proposal , unveiled to the public this morning .
" The Baucus bill is the worst piece of healthcare legislation I 've seen in 30 years , " Dean said last night at a healthcare town hall and book signing in Washington .
" In fact , it 's a $ 60 billion giveaway to the health insurance industry every year , " he said .
" It was written by healthcare lobbyists , so that 's not a surprise .
It 's an outrage . "
The Baucus bill leaves out some of the president 's goals for healthcare reform , such as the controversial public option .
While more palatable to Senate moderates , the Baucus proposal also drew criticism from Sen. Jay Rockefeller , a Democrat from West Virginia , who said yesterday he would not vote for it in its current form .
" I 'm glad Senator Rockefeller is not going to vote for it .
I would n't vote for it at all under any circumstances , " Dean added .
Instead , Dean said Senate Democrats should and would end up using the reconciliation process to pass a plan with the public option .
" It can be done , and that 's how it will be done , " Dean said , pointing out that a majority of Senate Democrats still support a more robust bill .
Cheap meat has become a way of life in much of Europe , but the full price is being paid across Latin America as vast soya plantations and their attendant chemicals lead to poisonings and violence .
From the Ecologist , part of the Guardian Environment Network
Cheap meat has become a way of life in much of Europe , but the full price is being paid across Latin America as vast soya plantations and their attendant chemicals lead to poisonings and violence
Much of the cheap meat and dairy produce sold in supermarkets across Europe is arriving as a result of serious human rights abuses and environmental damage in one of Latin America 's most impoverished countries , according to a new film launched in conjunction with the Ecologist Film Unit .
An investigation in Paraguay has discovered that vast plantations of soy , principally grown for use in intensively - farmed animal feed , are responsible for a catalogue of social and ecological problems , including the forced eviction of rural communities , landlessness , poverty , excessive use of pesticides , deforestation and rising food insecurity .
The film , Killing Fields : the battle to feed factory farms – produced by a coalition of pressure groups including Friends of the Earth , Food and Water Watch and with European coordination by Via Campesina , – documents the experiences of some of those caught up in Paraguay 's growing conflict over soy farming and reveals , for the first time , how intensive animal farming across the EU , including the UK , is fuelling the problem .
Campaigners plan to use the film to highlight the ' unsustainable ' nature of modern food production , and to spearhead efforts to raise awareness of the largely hidden cost of the factory farming systems supplying much of Europe 's cheap meat and dairy produce .
The moves come as international concern over global food insecurity grows , and amid fresh warnings that millions of the world 's poorest people face acute hunger in the coming months and years because of the twin threats of climate change – impacting farming in large parts of the developing world – and the ongoing credit crunch which has seen global food aid budgets slashed .
Protein king
Soy is prized for use in animal feed as it provides a cheap source of protein for poultry , pigs and other intensively reared animals that require fast growth in order to produce large meat , egg and milk yealds .
The EU ban on the use of bonemeal and other animal by - products in agricultural feed following the BSE crisis has further driven demand for soy as a principal feedstuff .
Globally it has been estimated that as much as 97 per cent of soymeal produced is now used for animal feed .
Attracted by cheap land prices , poor environmental regulations and monitoring , widespread corruption and low taxation on agricultural export commodities , agribusinesses have long viewed Paraguay as an ideal country in which to do business .
In recent decades increasing chunks of rural land have been bought up and turned over to export - orientated soy cultivation .
Paraguay is now the world 's sixth largest producer of soy , with over 2.6 million hectares of land given over to cultivating the crop , and the fourth largest exporter .
Vast quantities are exported to neighbouring Argentina , from where much of the crop is shipped to China to supply the country 's growing demand for animal feed .
The EU is the second largest importer of Paraguayan soy , with Germany , Italy and the Netherlands among the biggest customers .
Food supplies shrink
The arrival of export - orientated soy production in Paraguay has led to significant swathes of forest being destroyed to make way for crops , according to critics , threatening biodiversity and depleting resources vital for many rural communities .
In testimonies collected by investigators from villages adjacent to soy plantations – and featured in the film – local people complain that there is no longer an abundance of food and other produce :
' We indigenous people used to live from the forests , [ from ] animals , fruits ... now we cannot do that any more because we are surrounded by ranches , ' Jose Dolores Berraro , from the Yrbucua community , says .
' It 's an invasion because instead of reforesting they come to deplete natural resources and these forests . '
Although new laws have been introduced to protect forested areas following the decimation of the world renowned and ecologically important ' Atlantic Forest ' region , campaigners say the rate at which forests elsewhere in Paraguay are being devastated to make way for soy plantations is increasing , with some 500 hectares per day still being lost , according to some estimates .
Chemical fix
Industrial scale soy production , particularly for genetically modified ( GM ) crops – some 90 per cent of Paraguay 's soy is now thought to be GM – is dependent on the frequent application of powerful pesticides and other agri-chemicals which have been linked to environmental degradation and a host of negative health impacts on people living near to soy farms .
Crop spraying has polluted important water sources in many rural regions , say campaigners , poisoning both domestic and wild animals , threatening plant life , and resulting in a number of health problems in people , including diarrhoea , vomiting , genetic malformations , headaches , loss of sight and even death .
The film contains harrowing testimony from Petrona Villaboa , who lives in Pirapey , whose son Silvano died after being sprayed with toxic chemicals on a soy plantation .
Statistics compiled by pressure groups suggest that as much as 23 million litres of pesticides and herbicides are sprayed in Paraguay each year , including several that have been classified by the World Health Organisation as being ' extremely hazardous ' .
Armed response
Paraguay has a long history of land conflict , and the arrival of large scale soy farming has been met with significant resistance from many rural communities .
Peasant and indigenous organisations have repeatedly protested against the encroachment of their land – organising protests , blockades , land occupations and actions to prevent pesticide spraying .
But the response from soy farmers , often backed up by police and paramilitary units acting on the orders of the authorities , has been brutal , according to peasant leaders , with violent evictions , frequent shootings and beatings – resulting in numerous injuries and several deaths – as well as arbitrary detentions and frequent disappearances .
In one of the worst incidents to date , during the forced eviction of the peasant community at Tekojaja , in Caaguaza , soy farmers – reportedly under the protection of police and soldiers – forcibly removed some 270 people from the village , including children , arrested 130 , set fire to crops and bulldozed houses , before shooting dead two inhabitants , Angel Cristaldo and Leopoldo Torres .
In another incident reported by the peasant 's movement MCP , in Canindeyu , activist Esteban Hermosilla disappeared from his house and was discovered dead and half buried , on a nearby agricultural estate .
His assassins reportedly cut off Hermosillas ' ear as proof he had been killed , before sending it to the man who it was later claimed had ordered the murder .
Such cases are far from unique – peasant organisations have compiled a detailed dossier of violent repression linked to the soy industry in Paraguay – and pressure groups are keen to highlight this seldom - reported human cost of intensive farming .
Since the beginning of the soy boom in Paraguay in 1990 , it has been estimated that as many as 100,000 small - scale farmers have been forced to migrate to cities – with about 9000 rural families evicted because of soy production annually .
Upon arrival in urban areas , many familes are forced into slums and struggle to adapt .
With few employment opportunities and little state assistance , many face a life of poverty .
• Andrew Wasley is a journalist with the investigative agency , Eco-Storm
• This article was shared by the Ecologist , part of the Guardian Environment Network
While other people peruse light or trashy novels on the beach , I spent the summer reading through government reports on cybersecurity .
I was reviewing an GAO report from June 25 , 2009 titled , " Cybersecurity , Continued Federal Efforts are Needed to Protect Critical Systems and Information , " when I came across some rather shocking declarations buried in the report which are worth calling attention to .
The report assesses cybersecurity status and progress throughout DHS including at the United States Computer Emergency Readiness Team or US - CERT .
On its website , US - CERT says that it is , " charged with providing response support and defense against cyber attacks for the Federal Civil Executive Branch ( .gov ) and information sharing and collaboration with state and local government , industry , and international partners . "
So in the event of a devastating cyber attack , we all count upon US - CERT to detect the event , collect and share data , and then manage the response effort throughout the government and private sector .
Clearly , this is a central role for event detection , analysis , and response .
Unfortunately , US - CERT may not be capable of performing these critical tasks .
The GAO Report states that US - CERT : 1 . " Has not established a baseline of the nation 's critical network assets and operations . "
Translation :
We can't really tell if there is a problem since we do n't know what we have or how it normally behaves .
2 . " Also provided warnings by developing and distributing a wide array of attack and other notifications ; however these notifications were not consistently actionable or timely . "
Translation : US - CERT is distributing useless information so people will ignore it .
3 . " Did not possess the resources to handle multiple events across the nation . "
Translation :
We may be okay if cyber terrorists attack us using the Melissa virus , but if they launch simultaneous attacks across distributed critical infrastructure , we 're screwed .
The section concludes with this bureaucratic but frightening statement , " we also concluded that without fully implementing the key attributes , US - CERT did not have the full complement of cyber analysis and warning capabilities essential to effectively perform its national mission . "
Holy cow !
Senators Rockefeller and Snowe are working on a cybersecurity bill , President Obama is looking for a cybersecurity coordinator , and at the same time , the GAO is telling us that US - CERT is n't prepared for a cyber attack .
In my humble opinion , Washington 's urgency and priorities around cybersecurity have to change quickly .
We need action , not political horse trading , lobbying , and legislative agendas .
Must we suffer an attack before this happens ?
After last week 's season premiere Sympathy for the Devil it would be near impossible to top that effort , but second episode attempts and comes fairly close a cool story and great character development .
This episode brought back some of our old friends : the Harvelles Jo and Ellen , and Rufus .
As a fan of Jo , I was disappointed once again with the way the writers treated Jo , giving her few important lines , and delegating her to throwing holy water and fighting .
They did n't give her a proper sendoff again , and had about 2 words with Dean .
I kept expecting her to show up at the very end to talk with Dean , but with 5 seconds left , I gave up hope .
I had to get that off my chest first since the Roadhouse / Jo was one of the few big problems of the show .
The way the town looked was chilling , and that feeling carried throughout the episode .
There were no demons in the town .
Instead , War , one of the four horsemen was there to cause trouble .
His red horse ?
A red Mustang of course .
How awesome is that ?
Literally , it felt like a small town war .
Part of the town was hunkered down in one house and part of the town was in another house .
I loved the use of the first person shots to show how people were viewing others with black eyes .
War was simply devilish ( ok , wrong word ) , and he kind of just disappeared , so I 'm hoping he comes back .
Castiel has less powers now and can't even heal Bobby which is a shame .
Maybe Castiel can find God , maybe he can't .
If God was the one who saved Dean and Sam , and revived Castiel , why is n't he helping ?
I hope there is a good answer to this , and not some lame cop out .
Misha Collins does a superb job portraying Castiel who I think has some of the best lines .
At the end of the episode , Sam leaves to go do his own thing after realizing Dean will never trust him again .
It 's clear Dean does n't really want him to go , but he knows he can't trust Sam and Sam can't even trust himself .
Hopefully Sam does n't go off the deep end while he 's alone , but without any guidance his demon problem could rear its ugly head again .
This is what I like show much about the show .
The situations however otherwordly they are , always have a human element .
The brother 's relationship is organic and natural unlike some other genre shows ( I 'm looking at you Heroes ) , and it will be a pleasure seeing how they mend their clearly broken relationship .
Score : 9.2/10
A little on the district , also from the Times :
Mr. Wilson , 62 , whose district runs from the coastal border of Georgia into central South Carolina , from Hilton Head to Columbia , was first elected to the House in 2001 .
Rather than getting more popular , his races have gotten closer over time .
He won with just 54 % last time .
When it comes to picking the best cell phone plan , you need to keep in mind that there are already plenty of options available .
You will find just about a number of these offers that fit into your budget and will help you stay connected .
But if you ’re really looking for value , it is important that you know how to pick the best cell phone plan available .
With our comparison tool , you can easily view the different offers presented by the major carriers in the country .
Here are some tips to help you pick out a phone plan that best suits you :
What do you need ?
Cell phone plans nowadays come with a variety of features .
If you ’re trying to find a phone plan where you can get the most savings , you need to determine the service you need most : data limits , minutes available , and text messaging limits .
Depending on how you plan to use your cell phone , you will need to look at the details of the plan carefully .
At the same time , you have to check which category you need for your plan :
Individual plan – Comes with only one line for data usage , calls , and text .
Family plan – Offers a mix of plan inclusions and devices so that each member of your family can get a line .
If you need to provide a line for members of your family , a family plan will give you the best savings .
No contract plan -
If you do not want to be tied to an annual contract , you may opt for a no contract plan such as a month - to - month option , pay - as - you - go , or prepaid plan .
​ Remember that if you opt to get a phone plan , you will be obliged to pay the monthly fee for a minimum of two years .
If you wish to cancel , you will be charged with an early termination fee .
Getting a Phone with Your Plan
Cell phone carriers usually offer phone plans that provide a new phone upfront and for no cost .
So instead of having to pay for a new phone upfront , you just have to pay off the cost of the phone throughout the duration of your contract .
Choosing Your Cell Phone Carrier
Nowadays , there are a number of wireless carriers in the US .
If you are considering getting a new phone plan , here are the carriers that you would have to choose it from :
AT&T
AT&T is among the largest wireless carriers in the country .
They offer a number of phone plan options such as an individual , family , contract , pay - as - you - go , and no contract plan .
Sprint
Compared to other major carriers , Sprint is among the ones that offer a truly unlimited 4G LTE data without throttling plan .
Sprint offers a unique plan for friends and family members to share , called the ‘ Framily ’ Plan .
T- Mobile
T- Mobile is recognized as the ‘ uncarrier ’ network provider as it offers plans that have no contract tied to them .
You can choose from an individual and family cell phone plan with unlimited talk , text , and data .
Verizon Wireless
Verizon Wireless offers no contract plans , individual plans , and family sharing plans .
You can choose what is included in your shared data plan — unlimited talk and text or a pre-specified number of data .
PARIS , France ( CNN ) --
French lawmakers passed a tough new measure to crack down on illegal downloading .
An MP3 music file gets downloaded through a peer - to - peer website .
The legislation would impose fines of up to 300,000 euros -- the equivalent of about $ 440,000 -- as well as possible prison terms for the illegal download of films or music .
The National Assembly , the lower house of parliament , passed the bill on Tuesday 258 - 131 , a day after the Senate approved it .
The first e-mails to those who infringe the new law should go out starting in January 2010 , according to the Minister of Culture .
The bill replaces a tougher version of the legislation that was rejected as being unconstitutional .
Internet piracy has become a global concern , with some musicians , authors , filmmakers and others who create content complaining that illegal downloading is essentially stealing their work .
A British government minister laid out the problem in a recent speech .
The digital age has made it easier to create content , but it 's also made it easier to copy it -- and some people who do that do so without paying a royalty to authors or musicians , said David Lammy , Britain 's minister for higher education and intellectual property in the Department for Innovation , Universities and Skills .
" The harsh reality is that not everyone recognizes that they have a moral and legal obligation to return some of the money they generate to those who created the work , " he said in a recent speech .
Some have advocated strict government controls , backed up by sanctions , to limit online piracy , he said , while others have suggested different approaches .
All About France
By : B.A. Brooks
The CDC and many doctors have been warning for years that it is not an issue of “ if ” , but “ when ” a major H5N1 Avian Flu outbreak will decimate humanity .
A pandemic that would make the 1918 Spanish Flu look small in comparison .
Hundreds of thousands of birds have been culled over the past several years in order to stop just such outbreaks from presenting themselves .
Today we find ourselves a few months into a major H1N1 Swine Flu global pandemic which according to WHO and The CDC has killed 700 people worldwide to date .
What I am about to tell you is almost unbelievable so I added the link , but in The USA between 5 % and 20 % of Americans contract the flu each year , killing up to 35,000 annually .
I really had no idea that many people were dying each year from the regular old flu .
Shocking .
Did you know that the Spanish flu of 1918 killed some 50 million people ?
I only bring this up because this new flu is being compared to the Spanish flu in great lengths .
It may only be a coincidence , but it just so happens that the 1918 Spanish Flu has been tracked down to originating from a military base in central Kansas called Fort Riley , where a soldier came down with a fever infecting over 100 others before the day ‘s end .
I believe that after reading this article you will believe as I do .
This was by no means a coincidence .
It is well documented in main stream news sources that our own government and military machine have been secretly experimenting on our troops and even private citizens , most without any knowledge of what was being done to them .
The Tuskegee Syphilis Experiments are one good example of this and another would be MK Ultra .
There have been many reasons given when looking where HIV / AIDS originated and in 1987 The London Times broke the story announcing the ugly truth in their earth shattering report Smallpox vaccine ' triggered Aids virus .
That ’s right , now you know that through the smallpox vaccine , the deadly aids virus was awakened .
Or maybe you have never looked into Factor 8 .
This is where Bayer Pharmaceuticals released HIV in there medicines .
Recently the swine flu vaccine has been linked to a brain disorder called Guillain - Barre Syndrome ( GBS ) , and in Germany the vaccine has been linked to cancer .
Vaccines are and have always been very controversial leading right up to today when we are facing a mandatory global mass vaccination set to begin as soon as September / October 2009 .
Recently WHO recommended mandatory vaccinations for almost 200 countries and I know that many parents are worried and concerned about the safety in such a vaccine being shot into their children .
It is well known there are so many different strains of flu viruses , that there are no guarantees the normal vaccines available now for the everyday normal flu will protect you from getting sick .
Plus vaccines are put through rigorous testing for sometimes years , but Baxter and others have magically prepared a vaccine in a matter of months for human trials ?
I do not think so .
This is the same Baxter Pharmaceuticals that recently released the avian bird flu virus in medicine to 18 countries .
The statistics linking autism and other diseases to vaccines are horrific and shocking , which tells me it is more about money than protecting our populations .
So what will happen to you and your loved ones if you do refuse the flu vaccine ?
Will you be treated like a criminal ?
The answer is yes .
You will be identified , tracked , treated and quarantined .
The government is already sanctioning your local schools as mass vaccination clinics and it looks like the children will be the first to get the shots .
So what I ask is which do we fear more ?
The Flu or The Vaccine ?
Oxford researchers have already warned not to give your children Tamiflu .
Right now eight cities are involved in swine flu vaccine trials with about 2,800 people participating .
In 1976 there was a flu scare just as we are experiencing today , but the vaccine ended up killing more people than the actual flu virus .
What is interesting is that Baxter applied for the swine flu vaccination patents in 2008 , which was way before any breakouts were confirmed .
It has also been confirmed that CDC and FEMA have been purchasing hundreds of thousands of plastic coffins .
If you want to see the hundreds of stacks of these coffins , just go to you tube and search FEMA COFFINS .
When you look at the big picture , it seems that our government and military have been preparing for this event spanning some time now .
Could this be excellent planning by our leadership or could this be an actual plan that is being played out in order to create a total police state using fear and the human condition brought on by spin doctors and the mass media industrial machine ?
Presidential candidate Chuck Baldwin recently asked publicly why internment camps are being built , while others are asking why The National Guard is advertising for Internment Specialists .
Many of you have heard reports about FEMA CAMPS and scoffed in disbelief , and those of you who fall into this category should look at H.R. 645 which calls for no fewer than six internment camps to be built within U.S. military instillations .
The 1st brigade already have 20,000 US troops on the ground in America and the pentagon is now asking for another 400,000 troops to be deployed on American soil .
We know the military will be assisting with the mass vaccinations and will be easily deployed if civil unrest becomes an issue within our borders .
The National Guard are training now for riots and our military / law enforcement have put everything in place to lock down America if martial law is ordered .
The Department of Defense is pushing for domestic control while our Governors are opposing The DOD ’s Emergency powers .
There has been a huge effort to label ordinary Americans as home grown terrorists by law enforcement / Fusion Centers and government agencies .
We have all seen the MIAC report , VFC report , DHS report and the FBI reports which identify patriotic Americans as enemies of the State .
The questions keep mounting as we must ask which is the greater evil ?
The Swine Flu ? The Vaccine ?
Or the new American police state orchestrated by our government , law enforcement and military ?
The message being put out by the mass media is that this flu will lye dormant until this fall , when it could kill millions of the global populations .
Whether the swine flu is real or another bio entity is released upon us , it is very clear that we are all being acclimated to believe that there is a real danger this fall starting around October 2009 .
Could this all just be a false flag event which will allow our leadership to conceal the total economic collapse that is destined to happen in our once great country while also ushering in a new world order in which every world leader has spoken of over the last decade ?
The real question is do you trust your government and your elected officials ?
Well , do you ?
It seems that U.S. leadership in all areas of government , law enforcement and military are pitting the people against the empire which could result in the Second American Revolution .
Getting us all to kill each other would complete the agenda set forth by the efforts of many inside the illuminati and new world order .
Take the time to research Agenda 21 and Codex Alimentarius to start your journey , after following the links that I have included in this article .
Organizing and preparing is the key to surviving our dark future .
Stock up on food , medicine , water , and a water purifying system asap .
Pray for the best while preparing for the worst .
-###-
By : B.A. Brooks , posted on : U.A.F.F .
http://www.uaff.info/soft_kill.htm
George Tiller did not have to die .
He was assassinated while in church in Wichita , Kan. , on Sunday , targeted for legally performing abortions .
His death might have been prevented simply through enforcement of existing laws .
His alleged killer was seen vandalizing a Kansas City clinic , Aid for Women , both the week before and the day before the murder , putting glue into its door locks .
The manager of that clinic , who calls himself “ Jeff Pederson ” to protect his identity , told me he called the FBI and local police both times , but the vandal , the alleged killer Scott Roeder , was not arrested .
Pederson had Roeder ’s first name and his license - plate number .
He had images of him on the security video .
He recognized him from previous protests .
Pederson said : “ The clinic was closed on Memorial Day weekend .
A worker tried to get in on Memorial Day but could n’t .
The locks were Super - Glued .
I went to the videotape and I saw the same guy on the videotape who had done it in 2000 . ”
Pederson called his contact at the FBI , agent Mark Colburn .
“ He [ Colburn ] said the videotape would n’t be clear enough , and since I had touched the locks , I had ruined it with my DNA .
So I bought new color video cameras . ”
On Saturday , May 30 , the clinic manager said “ Scott ” struck again : “ My head nurse calls me , 5:40 Saturday morning .
She had come to prep for the patients .
When she was coming back from the store she noticed the Taurus [ Roeder ’s car ] .
She made her way to the back door .
She saw him .
He saw her and bolted .
She followed him to his car and started talking to him .
“ He tried to stand in front of the license plate , but she got it , 225 BAB .
As she ran back to the clinic , he shouted ‘ Baby killer ! ’ at her . ”
Pederson called Colburn , reporting the second vandalism and letting him know he had better video .
Pederson said Colburn told him , “ The Johnson County prosecutor wo n’t do anything until the grand jury convenes . ”
The next day , Tiller was murdered , allegedly by Roeder .
I called the Kansas City FBI and reached Colburn .
He immediately referred me to FBI spokesperson Bridget Patton .
I asked her about the incidents at the clinic and why the suspect had n’t been arrested either time .
She said : “ I am not sure of the timeline , but whenever an act of vandalism occurs at an abortion clinic , we are notified of that vandalism and respond appropriately . ”
Tiller ’s medical practice , which included performing late - term abortions , drew rage , protests and attacks during the decades of his career .
His clinic was bombed in the mid-1980s .
He survived an assassination attempt in 1993 , when he suffered gunshot wounds to each of his arms .
Bill O’Reilly on Fox News Channel demonized him as “ Tiller the Baby Killer . ”
He was the target of a political prosecution by a former Kansas attorney general , Phill Kline , and was acquitted just months ago on misdemeanor charges that he violated state rules on providing abortions .
Roeder was picked up shortly after the shooting Sunday in his Ford Taurus .
On Tuesday , he was charged with first - degree murder .
I asked Pederson if he thought Tiller ’s murder could have been prevented if the authorities had simply arrested Roeder after he vandalized the Kansas City clinic .
Pederson paused .
“ I do n’t know , ” he said .
But Dr. Susan Robinson was adamant .
She flies to Wichita every month to perform abortions in Tiller ’s clinic .
She said , “ It is generally regarded amongst those who do clinic security , if local authorities are not responsive , if they do n’t show up or they do n’t vigilantly enforce the law , that it encourages the anti-abortion people to push it further and further . ”
She said : “ In Wichita , Dr. Tiller was constantly dealing with the same lack of enforcement .
Wichita prohibits placing signs on city property .
But they allow the anti-abortion protesters to set up dozens of crosses and leave them all day .
Dr. Tiller went to the city attorney over the crosses , and complained that people block the clinic driveway .
He told me that the city attorney said , ‘ I would rather be sued by George Tiller than the anti-abortion folks . ’ “
The 1994 federal Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act ( FACE ) makes it a crime to block or damage a reproductive health service facility .
Enforcing FACE saves lives .
George Tiller will be buried on Saturday .
Denis Moynihan contributed research to this column .
Amy Goodman is the host of “ Democracy Now ! , ” a daily international TV / radio news hour airing on more than 750 stations in North America .
She is the co-author of “ Standing Up to the Madness : Ordinary Heroes in Extraordinary Times , ” recently released in paperback .
© 2009 Amy Goodman
Distributed by King Features Syndicate
The 40 Essential Snare Rudiments include the Single Stroke Roll , Double Stroke Roll , Paradiddle and Flam as the base
grouip .
Several sticking combinations follow from the double drag to the common marching rudiment , the Ratamacue .
DrumRudiments.com brings you all 40 standard drum rudiments with sticking and video demonstrations .
- Hybrid Rudiments
Learn how to play drums for free , at the Drum Lessons Database .
Take these 40 drum rudiments and expand them to the drumset .
Rudiment Tips | Categories | Products | Resources | History | What 's New | Links
Thanks for visiting DrumRudiments.com where you 'll find drum lessons and videos on playing the basic 26 drum rudiments to the more
advanced 40 drum rudiments established by the Percussion Arts Society ( PAS ) .
DrumRudiments.com features hybrid drum rudiments ,
rudiment articles , tips and the history of drum rudiments .
You 'll also find links to rudimental websites , drumline , drum corps , and more .
If it has to do with DRUMS , you 'll find it at DRUM BUM !
Do n't miss Hybrid Drum Rudiments - Drum Corp Rudiments and Rudiment Hybrids .
Egg Beaters , Cheese Rudiments , Hertas , Swiss Rudiments , and lots more drummer rudiments to come !
Cool Drummer T - shirts
Drums T - shirts .
T - shirts and Clothing ,
w/ Drums Theme .
$ 15 up .
SHOP NOW !
Drumsticks with YOUR NAME
Personalized Drumsticks w / your name .
Awesome custom drumsticks .
BUY 1 PAIR
Drum Lessons | Drum Gifts | Drum Tabs | Drumming.org
Drum Tips | Drum Chat | Percussion | Drum Links | Drum Lessons
DrumRudiments.com
Learn how to play 40 Drum Rudiments , Drums , and Drumset with Pro Drum Lessons on Books , CDs and DVDs
Rudiments benefit all Drummers whether you 're in school Marching Band , Drumline , Drumcorps , Fife and Drum ,
or play Hand Percussion or Drumset .
You 'll need to master the Basic Rudiments for a competitive edge through
video drum lessons on 40 drummer rudiments here at DrumRudiments.com .
40 drum rudiments with video !
Visit DrumChat.com for even more free video drum lessons .
Visit DrumBum.com for awesome Drum Tshirts and more !
GDANSK , Poland ( CNN ) --
At least 20 world leaders gathered Tuesday in Poland to commemorate the start of World War II 70 years ago -- a conflict in which 6 million Poles died .
Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin ( right ) chats with his Polish counterpart Donald Tusk in Poland on Tuesday .
Germany 's pre-dawn invasion began when the battleship Schleswig - Holstein fired on the Westerplatte military base in Gdansk harbor on September 1 , 1939 .
The attack set off a chain of events that eventually embroiled all of the world 's major powers in the war .
Polish World War II veteran Romuald Bardzynski , said : " I was a soldier on the front , a corporal in the cavalry .
On September 16 I was injured .
We were fighting against the Germans but I was shot by the Soviets .
I was wounded three times .
" But the worst thing for me is the land in eastern Poland which was occupied by the Soviets ... and to this day we can not come to terms with it .
" The Russians took half of Poland , and after the Polish fighting on all the world war fronts it turns out that after the war Poland was 77 sq km smaller !
This was a great loss for us . "
Eugeniusz Cydzik , another Polish veteran , added : " We have to talk about what happened ... to make sure it does n't happen again .
" The young generations , like the boy scouts for example , are continuing the memory of those who perished .
We take them to the sites of the battles .
We even found munitions from the 1914 [ war ] . "
WWII lasted until September 2 , 1945 when Germany 's ally Japan signed an unconditional surrender .
Leaders from many of the warring nations were in Gdansk on Tuesday for a wreath - laying ceremony at the Cemetery of Defenders at Westerplatte , with commemoration speeches to take place in front of the Westerplatte memorial .
Among those attending were German Chancellor Angela Merkel and Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin -- leaders of the two nations that once held power over Poland .
Merkel said on Tuesday that her country unleashed " endless suffering " by starting the war , but also recalled the fate of ethnic Germans expelled at the end of the conflict .
Watch as Poland marks start of WWII »
" Germany attacked Poland , Germany started World War II .
We caused unending suffering in the world .
Sixty million dead ... was the result , " Merkel said on German television , according to Agence - France Presse .
Send us your World War II stories
" But the expulsion of well over 12 million people from areas of the former Germany and present - day Poland is of course an injustice .
This must also be recognized , " she said .
Poland first came under German influence at the start of the war , but was later dominated for about 40 years by the Russian - led Soviet Union as the Cold War between East and West settled in after World War II .
A dwindling group of veterans , now in their 80s and 90s , was also due to attend .
Later on Tuesday , many of the world 's leading classical musicians , playing together as the World Orchestra for Peace , performed a concert in Krakow to mark the 70th anniversary .
Watch highlights of the performance »
minusRusty is a Faith & Reason regular who likes to stick a pin in conventional views fairly often .
So he 's picked an author for the Book Club who 's well matched to his inquisitive ways .
Rusty , who says he has more than a dozen English versions of the Bible , is trying to decide which one to read all the way through .
Here 's his review of Bart Ehrman 's latest controversial book , Jesus , Interrupted : Revealing the Hidden Contradictions in the Bible ( And Why We Don't Know About Them ) from HarperOne .
Liar , lunatic , Lord , or legend ?
Bart Ehrman , scholar and New Testament textual critic from the University of North Carolina , Chapel Hill , presents an alternative to C. S. Lewis ' famous trilemma regarding Jesus ' divinity in his book .
( Note here if you do n't have Lewis 's Mere Christianity handy .
Lewis explained in a radio interview ...
A man who was merely a man and said the sort of things Jesus said would not be a great moral teacher .
He would either be a lunatic ; on the level with the man who says he is a poached egg ; or else he would be the Devil of Hell .
You must make your choice .
Either this man was , and is , the Son of God , or else a madman or something worse .
You can shut him up for a fool , you can spit at him and kill him as a demon or you can fall at his feet and call him Lord and God ... )
More than addressing Lewis , says Rusty , Ehrman ...
... explains the need to let each NT author and book speak for itself and its own concerns , and to read duplicate accounts in parallel ( or horizontally , as Ehrman would say ) .
If we do n't , he says , we are in danger of misreading each book 's message -- and missing that sometimes those messages conflict .
Ehrman believes that Jesus existed .
But he also says , in part , that legends have built up around him , and that some of these legends can be picked up in the New Testament itself .
For example , Why does Mark not contain a genealogy , but Matthew and Luke do ?
Jesus , Interrupted has a lot of information in it that has been known to scholars for a long time , but is less well known by the general public .
This information should be generally known , even if one does n't agree with the implications .
But what does this mean for me , as an atheist ?
Well , since I do n't read Greek , what English version of the Bible should I read where each New Testament author and book can speak for itself ?
Now , it 's your turn .
Comment here on Ehrman or Rusty 's views , raise your own questions about Jesus , or take a moment to submit your own book review ( guidelines ) .
Remember -- fiction , non-fiction , biography , history , novels ... we 're looking for reviews the books that made you think -- and why .
LINCOLN , Neb. Oct. 16 , 2009  --
After a lifetime of farming and a long year of financial hardship , Danny Kluthe was ready for better days .
But then came April 24 , the day the National Pork Producers Council considers the birthday of the " swine flu " as a household term .
" We were about to turn the corner and start making a profit , " said Kluthe , 53 , who owns a hog farm near Dodge , Neb .
" And here somebody labeled H1N1 the ' swine flu , ' and it just totally took a nosedive . "
The earliest detected H1N1 virus was found in a 5 - year - old boy who lived near a pig farm in Mexico , hence the name " swine flu . "
Almost instantly , concerns over pork safety spread around the world .
Indonesia and Japan initiated a nationwide medical examination of their hogs .
In Iraq , zoo hogs were killed .
Egypt ordered that hogs across the country be slaughtered .
The United States , the world 's largest pork exporter , felt the hit in the weeks following the first outbreak , when 27 nations blocked all U.S. pork imports .
Domestic demand plunged as well .
And all of that came " obviously from fears of H1N1 , " pork council spokesman Dave Warner said .
In the past two years alone , the U.S. pork industry has lost $ 5 billion , according to the NPPC .
Pork producers lost 66 percent of their equity , meaning that a hog farm previously worth $ 100,000 is now worth only $ 34,000 .
Of that $ 5 billion , $ 1.1 billion has been lost since April 24 , continuing the downward trend started by the economy and high feed costs .
" I bet you my bottom line backed up good , probably a good 30 to 40 percent plus , " Kluthe said of his 15,000 - hog operation , comparing his actual profits this year to what he had expected .
Although there have been no documented cases of a pig passing H1N1 to a human , U.S. pork producers are " treading water that they 've never tread before , " Kluthe said , appealing to public officials , media and citizens to stop making the connection between " swine " and " flu . "
" It 's like you 're getting blamed for something that 's not your fault , " said Terry O'Neel , whose 500 - sow farm is near Friend in southeastern Nebraska .
" It 's not just a financial aspect , it 's really disheartening , especially when the media use the label so loosely . "
The Export Debacle
Since the first wave of panic , domestic consumption has picked up and many countries have resumed their import of U.S. pork .
But one crucial market – China – remains closed .
" Clearly , they are very concerned with H1N1 , " said Dr. John Lawrence , livestock economist at Iowa State University in Ames .
But China is also the world 's largest pork producer , with a vast and growing demand , and Chinese domestic hog farming has been undermined by an animal disease outbreak and economic hardship .
The Chinese industry is now pleading for government support .
On top of everything , many U.S. restrictions on various Chinese imports such as tires and cooked poultry have complicated the trade relationship between the two countries .
In this setup , Lawrence said , any economic or political issue may have contributed to China 's decision to cite H1N1 fears as a reason behind a blanket ban on U.S. pork .
In 2008 , China bought almost $ 690 million worth of U.S. pork products , according to the pork council .
That made it the third largest pork export market for the United States , after Japan and Mexico .
Pork export to China for the first two quarters of this year was half that of 2008 , the council reports , and Canada is now the third largest market , with China fourth .
Without exports to China , unsold pork piled up and prices plunged .
Before the H1N1 outbreak , hog farmers were already losing $ 11 off each hog they sold .
The loss grew to about $ 21 per hog .
" The pork industry is really , really in difficult shape , " said Sen .
Mike Johanns , R - Neb. , former secretary of agriculture .
" It has n't been profitable for a while .
It 's been one compounding crisis after another . "
Johanns headed the U.S. Department of Agriculture during the trade embargo on beef after the spread of the bovine spongiform encephalopathy , also known as " mad cow disease . "
Restoring pork export markets now wo n't happen " unless the USDA gets on the road and beats the drum , " he said .
" Literally , you have to go country by country , " he said , calling for a developed strategy to send scientific expertise overseas and restore the good image of U.S. pork .
Handling Surplus
But , for now , the pork surplus continues to grow , even with the recovering domestic demand .
" Well , sure , things are looking a little better , " said Larry Sitzman , CEO of the Nebraska Pork Producers Association in Lincoln .
" But what are you going to do with all this supply we 've got in the meantime ?
" You ca n't just stop the system and say , ' Hey , we 've got too many pigs , " he said .
" So when the people are n't buying , the system builds up , the prices go down ; basic supply and demand . "
The profits have dropped so much that Peggy Johnson and her husband , who farm near Nebraska City , Neb. , have stopped raising hogs for now and will re-evaluate when the economy picks up .
" The price just is n't there , " Johnson said .
The packers still get all of the pork , she said , but pay far less for it .
U.S. pork producers have reached out for help to the USDA , asking the federal government to purchase excess pork for food programs .
It 's common practice for the USDA .
The government spent approximately $ 65 million on such purchases in 2008 and $ 165 million in 2009 , a department spokesman said .
But from the $ 50 million pork producers requested in fiscal year 2009 to handle the so - called swine flu , they received $ 30 million .
The decision on another $ 50 million requested for fiscal year 2010 has yet to come .
But even if the USDA granted U.S. pork producers all of the money they had asked for , " it would n't get us back into black , " said Warner of the National Pork Producers Council .
On the state level , Sitzman of the Nebraska pork association agreed .
" Basically , we 're going to have to eat our way out of this , " he said .
Name Confusion
Although the national pork council was leery of drawing conclusions about how much the mislabeling of H1N1 has affected the industry , Sitzman blames it for all the losses .
On a daily basis , he said , he gets phone calls from upset hog farmers :
After hearing so many questions about pork safety , even those who raise pigs become confused and doubtful .
Sitzman and several other Nebraska farmers tell almost identical stories of a hog farmer who went to buy some pork at a grocery store and heard a whisper behind him as he put pork loin or pork chops in his shopping cart : " Do n't buy it , it 'll kill you , it 's got that flu virus . "
Such sentiments , whether based on actual conversations or not , rub pork producers wrong .
They are optimistic about next summer , when prices may go up and export markets may reopen .
But , for now , " you 've got to backtrack " the tie between hogs and the spreading flu , Kluthe said .
" But the damage , " he said , " has been done . "
ABCNews.com contributor Alina Selyukh is a member of the ABC News on Campus program at the University of Nebraska in Lincoln .
It appears to be dawning on Glenn Beck -- what with yet another of his heavily armed fans now under arrest for casing out an Air National Guard base because she feared it was a FEMA concentration camp -- that some of the outrage he 's so busily manufacturing on the air nightly might just boil over into violence again .
Yesterday on his Fox News show , he reviewed the tape coming in from the hooligans taking over the town - hall forums meant to discuss health care , disrupting them with tactics specifically intended to destroy any meaningful discussion , and was obviously pleased at the handiwork of his fellow tea - baggers .
Indeed , it 's unmistakable to everyone ( even Beck , evidently ) that there 's an increasingly ugly undertone that forebodes violence .
And if that happens , well , some of the blame might fall in his direction if it does .
So he took out a little insurance yesterday , imploring his increasingly angry audience not to resort to violence if they do n't get their way politically :
Beck :
The best thing that you can do right now is to let Congress know that you are watching them like a hawk .
You show up .
You let them feel your burning gaze on them at all times .
But here 's the thing that I -- I 'm concerned about :
Your interaction with them needs to be respectful , polite , forceful , and peaceful .
I 've been warning Congress now for a couple of years , and the time has come and passed for them to be able to learn from this .
I 've been telling them , you have to listen to the people , or they 'll be in real big trouble .
Well now , let me give the warning to you :
If anyone thinks that it would be a good idea to turn violent , think again .
It would destroy the Republic .
I feel it with everything in me .
There is a great reason for hope right now .
Because , I am telling you , for the first time -- since I started saying this in the last couple of years -- for the first time I know it , I feel it , the American people are starting to wake up .
These people in Washington have no idea what they have done .
They have wakened a sleeping giant .
But just one lunatic like Timothy McVeigh could ruin everything that everyone has worked so hard for , because these people in Washington wo n't pass up the use of an emergency .
Look how the media ran with the abortion - doctor killing .
They tried to pin that despicable act on Fox in general and specifically , Bill O'Reilly and me !
The only thing either of us have ever said is there 's no reason for that , ever .
Sorry , Glenn , but that is n't the only thing either of you have ever said .
O'Reilly also happened to refer to Dr. Tiller as a " baby killer " nearly thirty times , and accused him of mass murder as well as running " an abortion mill " where he had " aborted 60,000 fetuses . "
He even mused aloud about someone taking him out .
Sure , you can add a disclaimer at the end telling people never to commit violence .
But coming at the tail end of an endless litany of incendiary demonization , that 's pretty weak tea as lame excuses go .
Likewise , there are the many incendiary things you 've said just in recent weeks : calling President Obama a racist , a fascist , and a socialist ; repeatedly telling your audience for three weeks running that you " could n't debunk " the FEMA concentration - camp theories ( followed by a single episode in which you did in fact debunk them ) ; agreeing with your guest that the only hope for America is another major terrorist attack ; and helping promote secession .
As we saw with the case of the Long Island Beckazoid freaked out about FEMA , saying these kinds of things -- things that not only create scapegoats but are demonstrably untrue , and indeed unhinged -- goes beyond entertainment .
Rhetoric like this has a seriously unhinging effect on listeners who absorb it and believe it , because it 's in fact several steps removed from reality .
But of course , Beck will never confront that reality now .
Because when one of his acolytes acts out inevitably now , he can just point back to this episode and say , " See ? I have always denounced violence ! "
They do n't come much more cynical than that .
DENVER , Colorado ( CNN ) --
Twenty alleged members of a Hispanic gang believed to be one of the nation 's largest and most violent have been indicted in Colorado on drug and firearm charges , authorities said Tuesday .
This grafitti in North Denver is the work of the gang MS - 13 , the Department of Justice says .
Of the 20 alleged MS - 13 members named in two indictments , eight were arrested Tuesday morning in Denver and in Los Angeles , California , authorities said .
Another eight were already in custody , according to a news release from the U.S. Attorney 's Office for the District of Colorado .
Four remain at large , the office said .
" The arrests were the culmination of a three - year investigation into one of the most notorious street gangs in the country , " the release said .
Jeff Dorschner , spokesman for the U.S. attorney 's office , said the indictments stemmed from a multiple - agency and multiple - state effort .
Some of the defendants are accused of drug dealing activity that prosecutors said reached all the way into a California prison .
In the course of the investigation , police seized 10 pounds of methamphetamine , 2.3 kilograms ( 5 pounds ) of cocaine , a small amount of heroin , 12 firearms and $ 3,300 in cash , according to the release .
Do n't Miss Denver hopes for early economic rebound
Police said they believe the gang members " conspired to distribute , and possessed with intent to distribute , quantities of methamphetamine , cocaine , heroin and marijuana , " federal prosecutors said .
" The conspiracy , and other related drug distribution charges included the distribution of the illicit drugs on the streets of metro Denver , as well as in a facility in California called the High Desert State Prison . "
Other defendants are charged with illegal firearm possession , authorities said .
Nine defendants in addition to the 20 named in federal indictments are being prosecuted in Colorado state court , according to federal prosecutors .
The defendants face maximum sentences of life in prison , depending on the offense , as well as fines up to $ 2 million , authorities said in the news release .
MS - 13 has long been regarded by law enforcement agencies as one of the deadliest gangs in the United States and beyond .
It is estimated to have up to 50,000 members worldwide , about 10,000 of whom are believed to be active in at least 38 states , according to an attorney general 's report to Congress on gangs in April 2008 .
In 2004 , the FBI created a task force to focus on MS - 13 .
Federal authorities have said that most MS - 13 members are immigrants from El Salvador or the children of Salvadoran immigrants .
The gang originated in Los Angeles , authorities have said , and it has spread across the United States and into Mexico , Honduras , Guatemala and El Salvador .
All About Gang Violence • Los Angeles • Denver
September 03 , 2009 News Corp
( Heather ) : News Hounds has a nice run down of this segment for anyone that would rather listen to fingernails on a chalkboard than the sound of Sean Hannity 's voice .
Unrepentant Bigot Hannity In No Position To Be Complaining About Van Jones " Racism " :
Hannity began the segment by trumpeting the “ new and disturbing information ” about Jones that , according to Hannity shows " he is not fit for office . ”
Apparently , the new and disturbing information was that Jones had signed a letter by the “ infamous 9/11 Trust organization ” asking for an “ immediate inquiry into evidence that suggests high - level government officials may have deliberately allowed the September 11th attacks to occur . ”
Hannity forgot to mention that the letter was very lengthy and called for investigations into many other aspects of 9/11 .
Jones now says he did not carefully review the letter before signing it and has issued a statement saying that the letter “ certainly does not reflect my views now or ever . ”
He has also apologized for calling Republicans " assholes " in a remark made before he joined the Obama administration .
But of course , while an apology from Duane " Dog " Chapman for his n-word rant was enough to garner a full hour of image rehab from Hannity , the apology from Jones was barely considered .
Hannity continued , “ The fact that the president would not only allow but appoint a man who harbors these conspiratorial beliefs to serve the United States should provoke not only concern but outrage among all Americans . ”
Really ?
Then where ’s the concern and outrage for the birther conspiracy theorists which Hannity not only did not condemn but promoted and legitimized on his show ?
[ Haskell - cafe ] Cleaner networking API - network - fancy
Hello network - fancy offers a cleaner API to networking facilities in Haskell .
It supports high - level operations on tcp , udp and unix sockets .
I would like some feedback on the API http://hackage.haskell.org/packages/archive/network-fancy/0.1.4/doc/html/Network-Fancy.html
In particular : * Does the type of the server function in dgramServer make sense ?
or would ( packet -> Address -> ( packet -> IO ( ) ) -> IO ( ) ) be better ?
* Does the StringLike class make sense ? *
Any other suggestions ?
- Taru Karttunen
RDS.ca
Le Lightning de Tampa Bay a échangé l'imposant Evgeny Artyukhin aux Ducks d'Anaheim , jeudi .
En retour , le Lightning a obtenu l'attaquant Drew Miller et un choix au repêchage .
Artyukhin a disputé sa deuxième saison complète avec le Lightning en 2008 - 09 .
En 73 matchs , il a amassé 16 points et 151 minutes de pénalité .
Miller a partagé son temps entre Anaheim et les Chops d'Iowa , dans la Ligue américaine , la saison dernière .
En 27 matchs dans la LNH , il a récolté dix points et 17 minutes de pénalité .
Privacy advocates have reacted angrily to reports that the government plans to link national identity records to criminal records for background checks on people who work with children and vulnerable people .
Up to 11 million such workers could be affected immediately if the plan goes ahead .
Phil Booth , national co-ordinator of privacy advocates NO2ID , said the move was consistent with the various forms of coercion strategy to create so - called volunteers for national ID cards .
" Biometrics are part of the search for clean , unique identifiers , " Phil Booth said .
He said the idea was patently ridiculous when the Home Office was planning to allow high street shops and the Post Office to take fingerprints for the ID card .
Following a Freedom of Information
Act request to the Criminal Records Bureau , the government admitted to running a feasibility study to link the biometric details to be held in the national identity database to the Criminal Records Bureau ( CRB ) .
The aim was to improve the CRB 's accuracy following a recent doubling of errors in fingerprint identification , according to The Register .
NO2ID 's general secretary Guy Herbert said ministers had said the ID database would not contain criminal records .
" The covert programme unearthed by The Register shows what a fatuous piece of misdirection that is , " he said .
" If the CRB gets its way , then for millions of people their ID card would be directly linked to a detailed police record and a scoring system designed to evaluate their suitability for various jobs . "
From October , people who work with children and vulnerable people have to register with the Independent Safeguarding Authority ( ISA ) , which uses CRB and other sources to evaluate a person 's suitability for the role .
In a written statement a CRB spokesperson said that the CRB committed in its business plan for 2009 / 10 to research the possibility of introducing biometrics into the disclosure service as a way to improve accuracy .
" This research is still in the early stages of feasibility and several options are being considered as part of this work , including options for the use of ID card data and fingerprints .
The CRB is not considering the use of other biometrics at this stage , " the spokesman said .
Computer Weekly reported yesterday that the Metropolitan Police is looking for a supplier of portable ID card readers that could work with images of faces , fingerprints and irises .
The ISA 's website says it will assess applicants using CRB data , including relevant criminal convictions , cautions , police intelligence and other appropriate sources .
" We will securely store information about people 's ISA status for employers and voluntary organisations to use when they are recruiting , " it said .
We ’ve put together a video showing all the knots from the “ How to Tie Knots Like a Navy SEAL ” series tied underwater .
In the video we ’ve recreated the BUD/s ( Basic Underwater Demolition / SEAL ) Underwater Knot Tying Test .
At BUD / s the test is performed in the 15 ft. section of the CTT ( Combat Training Tank ) , where students must swim out to a waiting instructor who is treading water over trunk line on the bottom of the CTT .
Underwater Knot Tying Test
Upon reaching the instructor , students tread water while sounding off with their name , rank and what knot they ’ll be tying .
The knots are the Bowline , Square Knot , Becket ’s Bend , Clove Hitch and Right Angle .
One knot is tied at a time , and the student and instructor tread water between each knot that is tied .
After sounding off with the student ’s knot , he ’ll give the waiting instructor the downturned thumb signal to descend .
The instructor will return the signal , and the student and instructor will descend .
Upon reaching the trunk line on the bottom of the CTT , the student ties the specified knot and signals the instructor with an OK sign .
The instructor then ensures the knot is tied correctly and returns the OK sign .
The student then unties the knot , grabs his rope , and signals the instructor with an upturned thumb to ascend .
The instructor returns the signal , and the student and instructor will ascend .
After reaching the surface the student and instructor will tread water again as the student sounds off with the next knot he ’ll be tying , and the process repeats itself .
FAIL !
Some things that will cause a student to fail :
Tying a sloppy knot or not dressing the knot before giving the OK sign to the instructor
Incorrectly sounding off on the surface , or stating they ’ll be tying a knot they ’ve already tied
Tying the wrong knot underwater
Running out of air and shooting up to the surface like a Pegasus missile , which while funny looking , does n’t make the instructors happy
If the student does run out of air underwater , he ’s instructed to give the slash across the throat sign for out of air , followed by the upturned thumb to ascend .
Knot Tying Line
All knots tied during the test are with the BUD /s student ’s knot tying line that he ’ll have with him at all times during BUD/s until completing the Underwater Knot Tying Test .
The rope used at BUD/s is just common Nylon rope that usually measures 5/16 in diameter and is around 20 ″ in length .
Students are encouraged to practice their knots whenever they can fit it in during their days at BUD /s to prepare themselves for the test .
Video Details
Our video below was filmed using a handheld Tachyon XC 2010 Camera , which we ’re quickly becoming very fond of .
There are so many awesome features to the camera , but instead of discussing them now , check back for our full write - up coming soon !
One thing we will mention is that this thing has performed like a champ underwater .
Not needing an external waterproof housing is worth it ’s price alone .
We ’ve linked to the instructions and videos from each of the five knots in the series below , enjoy !
How to Tie Knots Like a Navy SEAL : Part 1 ( Bowline )
How to Tie Knots Like a Navy SEAL : Part 2 ( Square Knot )
How to Tie Knots Like a Navy SEAL : Part 3 ( Becket ’s Bend )
How to Tie Knots Like a Navy SEAL : Part 4 ( Clove Hitch )
How to Tie Knots Like a Navy SEAL : Part 5 ( Right Angle )
Let us know what you ’ve thought about the entire “ How to Tie Knots Like a Navy SEAL ” series , we ’d love to know !
China files complaint to WTO over US tariffs
( Xinhua )
Updated : 2009-09-14 20:24
GENEVA - The Chinese government on Monday filed a formal complaint to the World Trade Organization ( WTO ) over steep U.S. tariffs imposed on Chinese - made tyres .
A mechanic changes a tire at a garage in Rizhao , East China 's Shandong province , on Saturday .
[ China Daily ]
Under the WTO 's dispute settlement system , the two countries will now have 60 days to try to resolve the dispute through consultations .
If consultations fail , China can go further by requesting a WTO panel to investigate and rule on the case .
" China put forward a formal request for consultations with the U.S. under the WTO dispute settlement mechanism on the U.S. special safeguard measures against Chinese tyres , " the Chinese mission to the Geneva - based body said in a statement .
" China believes that the above - mentioned measure by the U.S. , which runs counter to relevant WTO rules , is a wrong practice abusing trade remedies , " the statement said .
" China 's request with the U.S. for consultations is based on the normal pracice of WTO members under the dispute settlement mechanism and concrete action by China to protect its own interests , " it added .
The Chinese mission also expressed hope that " all sides will understand its determination to firmly fight against trade protectionism so as to commonly safeguard the multilateral trading system by respecting WTO rules . "
U.S. President Barack Obama on Friday approved punitive tariffs up to 35 percent on all car and light truck tires from China in a so - called attempt to " remedy the clear disruption to the U.S. tire industry . "
China had quickly denounced the U.S. move as a serious act of trade protectionism which violates WTO regulations .
Crouched in his lush green rice fields on this agricultural plain northeast of Tokyo , Masaru Umezawa works the land as his father and grandfather did before him .
On a humid late - summer afternoon , the only sound is the buzzing of the cicadas from a nearby thicket of trees .
Then it starts -- slowly at first and building in intensity until it reaches a deafening pitch : the roar of a shiny supersonic jet lifting off the runway at the Japanese military ’s Hyakuri Airfield .
Nearly 100 times a day , the jets take off and land , performing training maneuvers overhead and creating a racket that makes it impossible for the stocky farmer and his family to watch television or talk on the telephone , let alone hear themselves think .
“ It ’s probably why my wife and I have stayed married so long , ” he said .
“ When we fight , we ca n’t hear what the other is yelling . ”
Advertisement
Umezawa does n’t just live near the air base .
He lives inside it -- only a few feet from where the planes take off .
The 60 - year - old farmer is one of several local antiwar activists who over the last half a century have waged an often - tense turf battle with the Self - Defense Forces , as Japan ’s military is known .
Residents here say the military co-opted much of the area ’s farmland to build the air base in the 1950s , casually pushing aside hardworking farmers like so many pawns on a chessboard .
Many argue that the base itself is illegal .
Controversial Article 9 of the Japanese Constitution prohibits the nation from maintaining armed forces with war potential , they insist .
And so in a bold defensive maneuver , they have surrounded the base and inhabit its confines .
While Umezawa ’s family and another hold on to land within the base , other families operate farms around its borders .
Advertisement
In the face of stiff resistance from the landowners , the government has followed a less - controversial policy of trying to buy land rather than seizing it by eminent domain .
But the activists have refused to sell -- even when offered double the market value .
The farmers who continue to till the soil on the outskirts of the airfield block official plans for expansion .
Umezawa ’s family and the other one working small plots inside the base ’s barbed - wire fences gain access to their land via court - protected farm roads settlers have used for generations .
Still others have used their property to create “ peace parks ” within the air base , a patchwork of well - manicured oases from which they watch the young jet jockeys in the cockpits of their multimillion - dollar military hardware .
“ We ’re a small army of people , ” Umezawa said , “ but we ’ve much more willpower than they do . ”
Advertisement
Umezawa believes he has to make a stand .
“ Armed forces just are n’t good for the human race , ” he said .
Hyakuri Airfield officials declined to discuss the standoff .
The Imperial Japanese Navy first developed the airfield in 1937 , the emperor ordering many farmers in the area to sacrifice their land for the nation .
After the war , locals used sledgehammers to break up the single runway and feeder roads .
They repossessed the land and began farming again .
In 1956 , the Self - Defense Forces reopened the air base , to the disgust of farmers .
“ We ’d all had enough of war , ” Umezawa said of the activists .
Advertisement
Many farmers were again pushed aside , their land taken a second time .
Others were allowed to continue farming .
About 130 farmers held protests that often turned into violent battles with police .
Over the years , some farmers sold out , reasoning that the land was too arid to be profitable .
Then , in 1966 , locals tapped into a well system to better irrigate the land for a wider variety of crops .
The farms suddenly flourished , to the dismay of base officials .
The owners of the peace parks had their own survival plan :
They sold tiny , 6 - foot - by - 6 - foot swaths of land to other anti-military activists -- further complicating the government ’s effort to buy the land .
Advertisement
Over the years , the Hyakuri activists have repeatedly embarrassed the military , especially the outspoken Toshio Tamogami , former chief of staff of Japan ’s Air Self - Defense Force , one of the branches of the military established after World War II to defend the nation .
“ He said it was shameful that the Air Self - Defense Force could n’t even prevail over a group of farmers , ” said Goemon Date , spokesman for an antiwar group supporting Hyakuri residents .
Base officers once used binoculars to keep tabs on their neighbors .
But the passing years led to an uneasy truce .
“ It ’s not exactly friendly , ” Date said .
“ We see officers and recognize each other ’s faces .
We might smile , but we never say hello . ”
One by one , many original stalwarts have died , leaving only the two families to continue farming within the base .
Activists running the peace parks are also getting older .
Advertisement
Until he suffered a stroke , 73 - year - old Koki Kawai served as a loyal groundskeeper , allowing visitors into his peace park for a small fee .
Now his body is partially paralyzed .
His wife carries on his work at the park , a leafy area of cherry and maple trees .
The mighty Japanese Self - Defense Forces have met their match in the diminutive Mitsue Kawai .
Standing barely 4 - foot - 7 , her will is unbending .
“ My husband feels bad that he ca n’t be here , ” she said softly .
“ So I come here for him . ”
On a recent day , she wore a pink towel beneath her straw hat to block the sun .
She bent low to pick weeds from her beloved park as uniformed men raced about to refuel a plane at a military hangar not far away .
Advertisement
“ I know we ’re a sore point to those military men , ” she said .
“ We must annoy them .
If we were n’t here , they could use this entire area any way they wished . ”
From a viewing platform , she often watches the passing pilots , many young enough to be her grandsons .
Some smile , others flex their muscles or offer a macho frown .
“ They know we ’re watching them , ” Kawai said sweetly .
On an afternoon of unusually heavy military maneuvers overhead , Umezawa sipped tea at the homestead he shares with his mother , wife and eldest son .
The couple have another home nearby .
The tiny one - story structure is surrounded by the family ’s rice fields .
Lifting his head from fixing a car motor , Umezawa ’s son shrugged at the noise from the base .
“ I ’ve heard it all my life , ” he said .
“ All my life . ”
Advertisement
Umezawa inherited his farmstead when his father died last year .
He knows that he too will go one day .
But he has a plan .
“ We ’re raising our children to continue the fight , ” he said .
“ We ’re not just thinking about today , but the next 100 years . ”
The government recently offered Umezawa $ 5 million for his homestead and farmland .
He turned them down flat .
And those jets that go screaming overhead for 10 hours a day ?
Umezawa does n’t hear them at all .
Advertisement
“ The mind has an innate ability to tune out noise , ” he said .
“ If you listened to those planes every day , you ’d go crazy . ”
He watched an F - 4 slowly lift off with a racket that would send most people reaching for their ears .
But Umezawa did n’t move .
“ Human beings , ” he shouted , “ can live in any environment ! ”
--
Advertisement
john.glionna@latimes.com
Hi , friends !
Thank you so much for sending in your video submissions for our fundraiser .
Based on what ’s going on in our country , we decided to postpone the fundraising stream multiple times in order to focus on what ’s most important .
Now August is here , and it still does n’t seem likely …
More …
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
A bomb has exploded outside the Athens stock exchange , slightly injuring a female passer - by and damaging the building , police say .
The bomb - which set fire to several cars - was hidden in a stolen van .
Another bomb went off outside a government building in Thessaloniki , causing minor damage and no injuries .
The blasts may be the work of a Greek extremists ' group , Revolutionary Struggle , says the BBC's Malcolm Brabant in Athens .
Earlier this year the group claimed responsibility for two bombs aimed at the American Citibank group .
Flying glass
A warning of the Athens explosion was telephoned to a local newspaper , enabling police to seal off the area in the west of Athens before the bomb went off .
Several cars were set on fire by the explosion
The windows at the bourse were blown out , and a neighbouring car dealership was damaged along with nearby trees and parked cars .
One passing woman was slightly injured by flying glass , but there were no injuries inside the building and the stock exchange opened as normal .
" We know for the moment that there is damage to a number of staff workstations and desks , but the core operations are up and running , " a bourse spokesman told AFP .
The bomb in Thessaloniki caused minor damage around the ministry responsible for Greece 's two northern provinces of Macedonia and Thrace .
In a letter to a satirical newspaper , Revolutionary Struggle had promised more attacks against economic targets .
It said : " We need to rid ourselves for good of all the scum of economic and political power so that humanity can free itself from these criminals . "
Greece has been dogged by unrest since police shot a teenager dead last December .
The death sparked the country 's worst riots in decades , leading to clashes between police and protesters in the weeks that followed .
Quoted : Levi Johnston Questions Palin's Hunting Cred
Alaska teen has more choice words for ex-girlfriend 's mom ( AP Photo / Matt Sayles )
" She says she goes hunting and lives off animal meat -- I 've never seen it .
I 've never seen her touch a fishing pole .
She had a gun in her bedroom and one day she asked me to show her how to shoot it .
I asked her what kind of gun it was , and she said she did n't know , because it was in a box under her bed . "
-- Levi Johnston in his most withering attack thus far on his ex-girlfriend 's mom , in a new Vanity Fair story that marks his journalism debut .
Also claims : Sarah and Todd Palin fought a lot ; they offered to adopt his baby with Bristol ; and the kids did all the cooking in the Palin house , or occasionally went to fetch food for the Alaska governor , " like a Crunchwrap Supreme from Taco Bell . "
VICTORVILLE , Calif . —
On a sun-baked afternoon in October 2008 , a group of soft - drink executives and city officials gathered for a groundbreaking ceremony at an old Air Force base on the outskirts of the city , 100 miles east of Los Angeles .
They were standing on the edge of the Mojave Desert , one of the driest , most inhospitable terrains in America .
Yet there they were , posing for photographs , gold - plated shovels in hand , to mark the construction of a massive new bottling plant and distribution hub for the Dr Pepper Snapple Group , a facility that will suck up hundreds of millions of gallons of water a year from this water - scarce area to supply soft drinks to 20 percent of its domestic market .
A bottling plant in the middle of the desert ?
It sounds too absurd to be real .
But in the warped “ pro-growth , pro-business ” logic of a city on the frontier of Southern California ’s urban sprawl , the plan made perfect economic sense .
If the scheme is pulled off without a hitch , Dr Pepper will fire up one of its biggest production nodes in America sometime near the end of 2010 .
The $ 120 million plant will occupy 57 acres , with 200 low - skilled workers manning almost 1 million square feet of warehouse space .
Using 250 million gallons of water a year , six production lines will crank out 350,000 gallons worth of liquid refreshments a day , shipping perennial soft - drink favorites like Dr Pepper , Snapple , 7UP , A&W , Hawaiian Punch and 50 other brands all across the West Coast and Southwest .
The Victorville plant was a steal for the beverage manufacturer , receiving tens of millions of dollars in subsidies from the city .
Local officials have painted it as a win - win situation , talking up the jobs and tax revenue it will bring to a community hard - hit by the recession and housing market collapse .
Yet , no one has seriously addressed the big wet elephant in the room : water .
Where will it come from , and at what cost to the local population ?
California is on the verge of a water - related calamity .
For the past three years , the state has been in the grips of a devastating drought .
Up and down the Golden State , water deliveries have been cut by more than half of the normal allotment .
In the fertile Central Valley , the bosom of America ’s agricultural powerhouse , fields stand fallow because of water rationing .
Farmers are losing their jobs , lines for emergency food rations are becoming a common sight , and some agricultural communities are going bust for lack of water .
The scenes are eerily reminiscent of the Dust Bowl .
The situation has become dire enough for the Obama administration to say “ California ’s ongoing water crisis is a major national priority , akin to restoring the Chesapeake Bay or Florida ’s Everglades . ”
But as far as Victorville is concerned , this drought might as well be happening on Mars .
“ This is a great day for High Desert residents , ” City Councilman Terry Caldwell said at the plant ’s groundbreaking ceremony .
“ When a company like Dr Pepper Snapple chooses Victorville for its new West Coast facility , it means we have arrived , and others will follow .
This means hundreds of new jobs for our local residents . ”
Victorville , a sprawling commuter exurb of Los Angeles , is a pro-growth , pro-business city .
Its free - market free - for - all approach to governance and abundance of cheap unexploited land made it the second - fastest - growing city in 2007 .
Fueled by securitized subprime mortgages , its population doubled to 100,000 in less than a decade , and the city swelled with some of the cheapest tract - home developments in California .
Most of the growth was built on empty promises .
Victorville was supposed to become the industrial and manufacturing capital of Southern California .
Now completely bankrupt , the city has some of the highest unemployment and foreclosure rates in California , with home prices shrinking to 1989 levels .
To Victorville officials , the advantages of job growth , no matter how minuscule , far outweigh any concerns over the increased water use .
But some locals are not convinced that the plant is such a good idea .
Because no matter how you slice it , corporate interests and political ambitions come out as the only real winners .
Victorville is the biggest and most powerful of the half - dozen closely packed cities and towns and smaller unincorporated desert communities that make up Victor Valley .
The 350,000 people who call this place home are a varied bunch — ex-military types , retirees , lower - income subprime mortgage fodder — but they are all linked by a common and very limited resource .
“ How does what happens in Victorville affect the rest of us ?
The water that we have in this valley is a shared resource that is supposed to be controlled by a California Supreme Court ruling , ” says Paul Bosecki , a council member for the city Hesperia , Victorville ’s neighbor .
“ Victorville has made more than a few bad choices lately .
The full - speed ahead , pedal - to - the - metal attitude has consequences when it fails to deliver .
It comes down to public interest versus private interest , with the public interests such as water for the residents of this valley coming after Victorville ’s business ambitions . ”
Smoke from the fire could be seen for several miles
A fire at a tyre recycling depot in Cambridgeshire will be left to burn itself out , the fire service said .
Experts claim it would take millions of gallons of water to extinguish and this may present an environmental hazard .
The fire at Murfitt Industries , off Wisbech Road , near Littleport , began on Friday 21 August , with a plume of smoke visible for several miles .
Scientists from Oxfordshire carried out tests on the toxicity of the smoke and deemed it not dangerous .
Joseph Cotchett , the San Francisco trial lawyer who last week made a splash when he sat down with convicted Ponzi schemer Bernie Madoff , is using the fruits of that interview to take aim at Wall Street , The Post has learned .
Since emerging from his 4 ½ - hour sit - down with Madoff at a federal prison in Butner , NC , where the fallen financier is serving a 150 - year sentence , Cotchett and his legal team have been furiously amending their lawsuits to name new defendants .
Among those new targets may be big financial firms , sources close to the legal team told The Post .
Cotchett and his army of lawyers “ are investigating the investment banks — the people who had knowledge that this was n’t a good investment , so to speak , ” said a person familiar with the litigator ’s plan .
“ If they had done the due diligence , the fraud could have been caught .
I think those that had the responsibility to do the due diligence did n’t do what they should have done . ”
A likely target could be JPMorgan Chase , which has been accused of pulling its money from Madoff ahead of the breaking scandal , leaving its clients behind .
JPMorgan gave its clients access to Madoff through a product that let them lever their returns on funds that invested with the fraudster .
The bank invested $ 250 million of its own money in the product , known as levered notes , but pulled out months before Madoff was arrested in December .
A lawsuit filed in April by a Madoff investor claims JPMorgan Chase “ unequivocally knew that Madoff ’s investment returns were false ” as far back as September 2008 .
A JPMorgan spokesman declined to comment , citing the lack of a formal complaint against the firm .
The bank has previously cited “ a wide - ranging review ” of the firm ’s overall hedge - fund exposure , as well as concerns about “ the lack of transparency ” as reasons it pulled its money from Madoff investments last year .
Cotchett declined to comment on which firms he may be going after , but suggested the list of victims ’ claims offers some clues , as it names investment banking executives .
“ If you have executives . . . investing in Madoff , you might want to see what their hedge funds are controlling , ” he said , in an effort to offer a clue to his thinking .
Indeed , while the list of victims ’ claims filed with Madoff trustee Irving Picard are n’t publicly available , JPMorgan shows up several times on a list of thousands of Madoff clients that emerged several months ago .
kaja.whitehouse@nypost.com
There are countless pundits and other tech gurus describing Google Wave as a disappointment , lately .
Most of that seems to come from the fact that nobody seems to get what Wave is for .
So they compare it to social media .
Is Wave the next Twitter ?
Nope .
Is it the next Facebook ?
Nope .
Is it going to replace Instant Messengers ?
Possibly , in some circumstances , but not any time soon .
I believe this is partly Google ’s fault : they released Wave to geeks and hackers and social media folks first .
But Wave is not a geek / hacker tool , or a social media tool , it ’s a corporate tool that solves work problems ( more on that later ) .
On the other hand , they never claimed it would be a Facebook replacement or a Twitter killer .
Google calls wave an “ online tool for real - time communication and collaboration ” .
The way Google should have advertised Wave is : “ it solves the problems with email ” .
At Woobius , we ’ve been working at resolving the problems with email for some time .
Woobius is a solution to some of the problems of email within the construction industry .
We ’ve blogged and given talks about it .
Perhaps that ’s why it was immediately obvious to me and my team why Google Wave is awesome .
What ’s the problem with email , anyway ?
To most geeks , the main problem with email is spam .
They do n’t have a problem with online collaboration – they use Google Docs , Etherpad , Skitch , screen sharing tools , or any number of collaborative whiteboard applications .
So the main problems for geeks are that they ’re signed up to so many services that they get inundated with notifications , monthly newsletters , automated messages , and shreds of spam that manage to get through GMail ’s spam filters .
But when they want to collaborate on a document or picture , they can find the tools they need , most of the time .
But then again , most geeks do n’t do all that much document - based collaboration , by email or otherwise .
Programming does n’t require a whole lot of collaboration , beyond that provided by source control tools and bug tracking system .
Being Robert Scoble probably does n’t require you to spend days working on a specification document for some finicky aspect of project X , or at least not very often , and he ’s probably not the one collating everyone ’s suggested changes and resubmitting the document for further review .
In your average corporate environment , though , this happens all the time .
People work on documents , presentations , etc .
They have lengthy discussions over email .
Pieces of work bounce back and forth across one or multiple organisations for weeks before they ’re finalised .
People are brought on to the conversation late in the day .
Attachments get lost .
Inboxes fill up and emails bounce .
It ’s a major pain .
So what are the problems with email in a corporate environment , and what does Wave do to address them ?
Problem 1 : Collaborating on a piece of text
It ’s hard to use email like you would use , say , Etherpad – to collaborate on a document that later needs to be sent out .
Most such collaborations end up being done either via a Word document with change tracking , or , when they ’re more ad - hoc , via a long thread of email with corrections coming in from every direction .
It ’s a nightmare to keep track of and collate all that feedback .
Even giving the feedback is difficult sometimes : you have to quote the context and make sure your change is clearly outlined .
Google
Wave resolves that by effectively integrating Etherpad ’s features into the email client .
Putting an email to an important client together , with feedback from the team , becomes a breeze .
Problem 2 : Adding new people to the conversation
With a typical email thread , you can forward the whole thread to a new participant , or add them into the next reply , but they ’ll only get a garbled , over - indented mess , in reverse chronological order .
If you ’ve ever been added late into an email thread that had already been going on for a week and involved two dozen replies , you know what I mean .
Google
Wave solves that by giving exactly the same view to everyone , regardless of when they ’ve been added .
Problem 3 : Keeping added people added
Many times , when you add new people into a conversation , they get dropped again later , when someone replies to all from an earlier email that did n’t include the new participants .
Sometimes it takes a while before you realise that key people have been dropped out of the conversation .
That costs time and hassle both for the people who were dropped and those who were n’t .
Wave solves that by making “ dropping people ” an explicit action , rather than something you can do by mistake .
Problem 4 : Attaching files
Most large companies have an email storage problem , so they limit the size of people ’s mailboxes .
Because of that , it ’s not uncommon to see “ Inbox full ” bounces when sending large documents around .
Not only that , but sending documents is iffy at best .
The SMTP protocol does n’t seem to be all that good at sending large files .
Now , to be fair , Wave will probably suffer from the same limitations as any HTTP upload applications – but that ’s still a whole lot better than your average email .
Sending emails over 10 MB usually fails .
Attaching a 10 MB file to a Wave is no problem at all .
Problem 5 : Lost attachments
When you reply to an email with an attachment , the attachment is dropped .
This is a good thing with email , because it stops a single email thread from unnecessarily clogging up both the mail server storage and its bandwidth .
Since the whole email is transmitted down the wire when you click “ send ” , this kind of limitation is unavoidable .
What this means , however , is that if you bring new people into a conversation , by adding them as recipients or by forwarding them the latest mail in the conversation , they wo n’t get any of the attachments .
Not only that , but if you ’re looking for that first attachment , and the conversation has been going on for weeks ( and , like everyone else , you receive upwards of 50 relevant emails a day ) , finding that attachment can be quite difficult .
If there were multiple attachments throughout the life of the discussion , gathering them all to send them to a new participant is exponentially more tedious .
With Wave ’s model , however , the attachments stay there , where you put them .
They ’re only sent down the wire , from you to the email server , once .
You never need to re-forward an attachment to someone .
When you add new people to the conversation , they get access to all the attachments right away .
Problem 6 : Multiple conversation branches
Email conversations are , basically , flat .
If you try to have multiple branches of conversation in email you end up with a sordid mess .
You might do that a few times in your life , but you quickly learn not to .
But flattening everything has its own share of problems – every email ends up containing replies to several other emails .
It becomes very difficult to track what was replied to and what was n’t .
And it ’s hard to collate all the suggestions effectively .
Google
Wave resolves this by allowing clear , obvious threading .
Yes , if you use a lot of threading in an instant messaging context , it will be hard to manage .
But within the typical email collaboration context , it will keep things a lot more clean and tidy than not having threading .
Problem 7 : Small corrections
With email , if your only comment on someone ’s email is to fix a dozen typos , you still have to do almost as much work as if you were making substantial changes to their proposed text .
You need to quote the context , highlight which bit you corrected , and then rely on the other person applying your changes back to the original document ( which they often forget to do — after all , it ’s just a few typos ) .
With Wave , no such problem – you can just edit the original text and make those changes .
If the person who submitted that document wants to review your changes , they can play them back .
Problem 8 : Email to IM to Email
Instant Messaging is a powerful , useful technology that has proven its worth .
But it ’s not very well integrated with email .
If you rely on your inbox to keep track of conversations , there ’s still this gaping black hole of IM which is tracked somewhere else ( if at all ) .
GTalk tried to resolve that by storing IM conversations in your inbox – and that was a good step .
What Google Wave does , however , is much bolder : it recognises the fact that a lot of IM conversations , in corporate environments , begin with an email exchange that ’s just getting too rapid .
When you send more than 3 emails to the same person in one minute , it usually makes sense to either pick up the phone or IM them .
With Google
Wave , this does n’t need to be a conscious decision : if you ’re replying quickly , Wave smoothly turns into an IM - like platform .
When your replies get slower again , it , once again smoothly , turns into an email - like platform .
This means that the whole conversation , whether email - like or IM - like , is tracked and searchable in the same place , and visible to all those who are invited to the conversation .
Conclusion
I believe that people who do n’t see what Google Wave is for are simply looking at it from the wrong angle .
Wave is not a social tool .
It ’s not Twitter , it ’s not GTalk , it ’s not Facebook .
It was never designed to appeal to the crowds of geeks who are currently trying it out .
Wave is built for the corporate environment .
It ’s a tool for getting work done .
And as far as those go , it ’s an excellent tool , even at this very early stage .
It will probably take years before Wave fully penetrates large corporations and replaces the email systems everyone is used to .
But it solves so many thorny problems with email that it might well manage to do so , where so many other tentative “ email fixes ” have failed .
In the meantime , we should stop judging it as a social tool and start looking at how we can use it for real work .
Invite your colleagues to it , and get working .
NEW YORK ( CNN ) --
Even by the standards of the anything - goes MTV Video Music Awards , Kanye West 's hijacking of country - pop sweetheart Taylor Swift 's speech at the Sunday night ceremony was particularly brutal .
Kanye
West takes the microphone from Taylor Swift at the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards on Sunday .
more photos »
The pre-show buzz had focused on the highly anticipated tribute to the late Michael Jackson , but West 's disruption stole the spotlight .
A giddy Swift was in the midst of her acceptance speech for Best Female Video when the often - mercurial West rushed onstage , grabbed her microphone and let loose an outburst on behalf of singer Beyonce Knowles , who had lost out in that category .
But audiences who stayed tuned until the end of the broadcast were treated to a touching bookend : Knowles , the night 's top winner , invited Swift onstage and gave the teen singer her moment in the spotlight .
Watch Kanye interrupt Swift , Beyonce react »
" I remember being 17 years old , up for my first MTV award with Destiny 's Child , and it was one of the most exciting moments of my life , " Knowles said , referring to the girl group with which she had her start .
" So I would like for Taylor to come out and have her moment . "
Speaking to reporters later , Swift was understated about her take on the disruption .
" I was excited to be onstage because I just won the award .
And then I was excited that Kanye West was onstage .
Then , I was n't excited anymore , " she said .
Watch Swift 's reaction after disruption »
Award winners Best Video of the Year : " Single Ladies ( Put a Ring on It ) , " Beyonce
Best New Artist : Lady Gaga
Best Male Video : " Live Your Life , " T.I. featuring Rihanna
Best Female Video : " You Belong With Me , " Taylor Swift
Best Pop Video : " Womanizer , " Britney Spears
Best Hip - Hop Video : " We Made You , " Eminem
Best Rock Video : " 21 Guns , " Green Day
Best Video ( That Should Have Won a Moonman ) : " Sabotage , " Beastie Boys
Best Breakthrough Video : " Lessons Learned , " Matt and Kim
MTV told journalists the West - Swift incident was not planned -- a point it had to stress after a walkout by singer Eminem at last year 's event turned out to be staged .
Hip - hop superstar
West , who was pictured before the ceremony swigging a bottle of Cognac , was escorted from the building after the rant , the network said .
Soon after , an apology to Swift appeared on his blog :
" I 'm sooooo sorry to Taylor Swift and her fans and her mom , " the message said in all caps .
" I spoke to her mother right after and she said the same thing my mother would 've said .
She is very talented !
...
I 'm in the wrong for going on stage and taking away from her moment ! "
So went the 2009 edition of the awards , a show that is historically less remembered for its winners than for its antics .
And as usual , the Sunday night spectacle , hosted by a not - particularly funny Russell Brand , delivered :
• Pink dangled upside down from the rafters as she belted out " Sober " -- upping the ante from last year , when she shimmied down a bed sheet from a second - story fire escape .
• Lady Gaga , apparently pressing home her feelings about celebrity photographers , dabbed at fake blood that dripped from her ribcage and smeared it on her face as she sang " Paparazzi . "
• And Swift took the subway , from the 42nd Street station to a stage outside the show venue Radio City Music Hall , all the while singing " You Belong With Me . "
See guests arrive to awards show »
The ceremony was as much an awards show as a reverential tribute to Michael Jackson , who died on June 25 .
Madonna got the evening off to a bittersweet beginning as she recounted how she forged a friendship with the singer and how they gradually grew distant .
" When Michael Jackson was 6 , he became a superstar and was perhaps the world 's most beloved child .
When I was 6 , my mother died , " she began .
" I think he got the shorter end of the stick .
I never had a mother , but he never had a childhood . "
After Madonna 's tribute , an army of dancers re-created dance moves from several of Jackson 's music videos .
Watch highlights from the show »
As his single " Scream " beamed from a large overhead screen , Jackson 's sister Janet came out and sang along to the only duet the siblings recorded .
Do n't Miss Gallery : Top moments from previous shows in NYC
The show also gave fans their first look at " This Is It , " a behind - the - scenes documentary of Jackson 's final three months .
The two - and - a - half - minute trailer made clear the elaborate comeback show the singer was planning before he died .
But the much - publicized sneak peek was overshadowed by Kanye West 's tantrum .
" Taylor , I 'm really happy for you , and I 'm gonna let you finish , but Beyonce had one of the best videos of all time , " he said , snatching the microphone from Swift after she had won her award .
Swift stood onstage , speechless , clutching her award .
The cameras panned to a shocked Beyonce , while the audience booed and later chanted " Taylor . "
Though Beyonce later afforded the teen singer another opportunity to finish her speech , the West backlash had begun .
" F--- u Kanye , " said a tweet on Katy Perry 's Twitter feed .
" It 's like you stepped on a kitten . "
Pink 's Twitter feed made several references to the incident .
" Kanye west is the biggest piece of s--- on earth .
Quote me , " one tweet said .
Of course , West is no stranger to award show outbursts .
He made a similar uninvited appearance onstage at the 2006 MTV Europe Music Awards when he was snubbed for his single " Touch the Sky . "
He leaped onstage , saying his video deserved to win because it " cost a million dollars and Pamela Anderson was in it . "
On his blog Sunday , West pleaded his case : " I gave my awards to Outkast when they deserved it over me , " he said , referring to the 2007 BET Awards , when he tried to give his trophy to the band .
" I 'm not crazy y'all , I 'm just real . "
All About MTV Video Music Awards • Michael Jackson • Janet Jackson • Kanye West • Taylor Swift • Madonna ( Entertainer )
Without a doubt , the strength and duration of the rally from the March low has surprised many people , me included .
Inquiring minds are wondering " Is there still 1/3 more to come ? "
Barry Ritholtz makes the case the Rally May Only Be in 6th or 7th Inning .
Noted bear Barry Ritholtz of Fusion IQ has been bullish on the market since March .
Stocks have clawed their way back above 1,000 for the S&P 500 and the question remains :
How much more to go ?
" There 's nothing in the technicals that we look at that tell us we 're done , " says Ritholtz , who authors the popular blog , The Big Picture .
" Based on history , which is no guarantee , we could be in the sixth or seventh inning of this rally , which means there still could be a ways to go . "
But there are caveats including stubbornly cautious investor sentiment .
Let 's face it : A lot of us are on the sidelines ( in cash ) , waiting for a shoe to drop .
Two Sides To The Coin
US credit shrinks at Great Depression rate
Professor Tim Congdon from International Monetary Research said US bank loans have fallen at an annual pace of almost 14 pc in the three months to August ( from $ 7,147bn to $ 6,886bn ) .
" There has been nothing like this in the USA since the 1930s , " he said .
" The rapid destruction of money balances is madness . "
Similar concerns have been raised by David Rosenberg , chief strategist at Gluskin Sheff , who said that over the four weeks up to August 24 , bank credit shrank at an " epic " 9 pc annual pace , the M2 money supply shrank at 12.2 pc and M1 shrank at 6.5 pc .
" For the first time in the post - WW2 [ Second World War ] era , we have deflation in credit , wages and rents and , from our lens , this is a toxic brew , " he said .
Mr Congdon said a key reason for credit contraction is pressure on banks to raise their capital ratios .
While this is well - advised in boom times , it makes matters worse in a downturn .
" The current drive to make banks less leveraged and safer is having the perverse consequence of destroying money balances , " he said .
" It strengthens the deflationary forces in the world economy .
That increases the risks of a double - dip recession in 2010 . "
Why Did The Federal Reserve Allow This ?
It is unclear why the US Federal Reserve has allowed this to occur .
Anything could happen .
But generally , government stimulus only works when it is not needed .
That is , it only works when it goes in the same direction as the underlying trend … not against it .
But now , the underlying trend has reversed .
It ’s no longer a credit expansion ; it ’s a credit contraction .
The consumer has had his fill of debt .
He ’s cutting back on his spending and paying off debt .
That ’s what the July figures show .
That ’s been the history of entire downturn .
That ’s why it ’s a depression , not a recession .
It ’s a major change of direction that will take years to accomplish .
Now , stimulus is not only useless – since it is against the major trend – its counterproductive .
It delays and contradicts the adjustments that need to be made .
Encouraging people to buy too much was what caused the problem in the first place .
Encouraging them to buy more now is not a solution ; it ’s just a continuation of the same flawed policy of stimulating consumer demand … a policy that has been in place for decades .
But now the wind is blowing in the other direction .
The government may not like it , but they ca n’t stop it .
Bank Lending Summary
Via Zero Hedge and Naked Capitalism , we see that bank lending is still heading in the wrong direction : Downwards .
It 's hard to see how a credit dependent economy can grow as credit contracts .
Bank Lending Drops Sixth Consecutive Month
It was just yesterday that Tim Geithner was lying that banks are constantly increasing lending to consumers .
Well , yet another lie refuted .
Banks , and not just any banks , but those receiving government bail outs and subsidies , continued constricting lending in July , with total average loan balance outstanding declining by $ 54 billion from $ 4,295 billion to $ 4,241 billion , a 1.3 % decline , following a 1.1 % decline in June .
As for the reason why loan originations in July declined a whopping 10 % after posting a 12.7 % increase in June , the government simply noted that this was due to " decreased demand from borrowers . "
And so the circular lie continues : the government claims lending is increasing , when in fact , it is not , and when confronted with this fact , the government claims this is due to lack of interest .
The Senseless Recovery
Real GDP may be positive for the quarter , but when the government is involved there are lots of shenanigans .
For example , we 've heard it plans to deduct the cash rebate for cars from the sales price , thus lowering the GDP deflator and artificially raising the reported real GDP number .
Senseless .
I 've written in detail why inflation ( credit expansion ) is unlikely :
The fractional banking system is still broken , and so is the consumer .
Without either or both , every dollar the Federal Reserve attempts to print just replaces a dollar destroyed by bad debt .
I estimate another $ 10 trillion to $ 20 trillion in debt / derivatives is still bad .
The government is resurrecting PPIP to try to make that debt look better .
When the market realizes that the Fed can't create inflation ( a full monetization of the majority of debt ; something that would make even Ben blink ) , it 'll see that the S&P 500 is really trading at 20 times earnings that are not growing .
It 'll realize that all we 've done is actually increase the overall debt in the system with massive stimulus and spending .
It 'll see the risk in stocks as extremely high .
Rally May Only Be in 6th or 7th Inning
Sibel Edmonds and Philip Giraldi
The American Conservative
September 23 , 2009
Sibel Edmonds .
Sibel Edmonds has a story to tell .
She went to work as a Turkish and Farsi translator for the FBI five days after 9/11 .
Part of her job was to translate and transcribe recordings of conversations between suspected Turkish intelligence agents and their American contacts .
She was fired from the FBI in April 2002 after she raised concerns that one of the translators in her section was a member of a Turkish organization that was under investigation for bribing senior government officials and members of Congress , drug trafficking , illegal weapons sales , money laundering , and nuclear proliferation .
She appealed her termination , but was more alarmed that no effort was being made to address the corruption that she had been monitoring .
A Department of Justice inspector general ’s report called Edmonds ’s allegations “ credible , ” “ serious , ” and “ warrant[ing ] a thorough and careful review by the FBI . ” Ranking Senate Judiciary Committee members Pat Leahy ( D - Vt. ) and Chuck Grassley ( R - Iowa ) have backed her publicly .
“ 60 Minutes ” launched an investigation of her claims and found them believable .
No one has ever disproved any of Edmonds ’s revelations , which she says can be verified by FBI investigative files .
John Ashcroft ’s Justice Department confirmed Edmonds ’s veracity in a backhanded way by twice invoking the dubious State Secrets Privilege so she could not tell what she knows .
The ACLU has called her “ the most gagged person in the history of the United States of America . ”
Read entire article
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Though Windows has evolved and we have Windows 7 , which is pretty good based on review , but for justified reasons , we still need Windows XP around for PCs with low configuration and ofcourse for Speed .
Now you have one more reason to love XP —
It ’s portable , bootable LIVE from USB drive .
The idea of XP LIVE USB is interesting and infact very easy provided you follow the instructions below –
The good thing about this method is , you do n’t need hefty 700 mb XP installer , its pretty small - 54MB
Download here and proceed with instructions :
Step 1 .
Un - Rar the file and you will get 7 extracted files .
The first 2 files are the manual in Germany & Russian language .
You might not found the English documentation because bartPE seems developed by a Germany .
First of all , we need to provide a USB stick with minimal size of 256MB .
Incase you are wondering what the heck is BartPE -
It ’s a utility using which this image is built .
The process of creating BartPE image is complex , and I ’m not discussing about it here .
Step 2 .
Then , make a fresh quick format with hpusbfw .
exe tool included in the packages .
Format using this utility with the settings shown in the image below .
Step 3 .
After the format is done , Copy all the files from a folder on USB stick .
Reboot the system & make sure that you enable the USB boot giving USB higher precedence in BIOS settings – while the USB memory is still plugged in .
Let the computer boot from it .
The boot process speed depends upon your USB storage speed .
It was pretty decent for me .
Step 4 .
There ’s no step 4 , when you boot into windows , You are done . 🙂
The default desktop background is covered by dark bartPE pictures .
In the left corner are showing up a “ Go ” button — representing a Start button in a real Windows .
Click on it , it will raise a list of simple menu pointing to the default applications such as Windows Wordpad , the Calculator program , Paint image editor & a file manager called A43 replacing the Windows Explorer instead .
Note that this USB live also equipped with the fully functionality of command prompt .
It ’s DOS is actually same as the one from a real Windows XP .
Look at the picture below , “ About ” link from Paint program
It shows you exact same About page as the one you might found in a real Windows XP .
However , it is in Germany .
Do n’t worry about that .
Anyway , you do n’t even want to read it .
It has great advantages , eg : portability , In emergency - to rescue the system , etc. it ’s NOT legally allowed to do so , do it at your own risk .
Happy Portability !
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
please wait ...
Rating : 6.1/10 ( 32 votes cast )
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
Rating : +1 ( from 3 votes )
As I reported on October 6 , President Obama issued an executive order prohibiting federal employees from texting while driving .
But that wo n’t cause much of a ripple in the vast sea of cell phone users focused on inane communication at the expense of public safety .
It seems some people believe that staying in your lane , stopping at red lights , and not running over pedestrians is secondary to making sure your teenager takes a package of chicken thighs out of the freezer .
Now here ’s further evidence that cell phone use isolates people from society in other ways as well – it wraps them up in their own little cocoon of one - on - one communication , practically oblivious to what ’s going on around them .
Ira Hyman , a professor of psychology at Western Washington University in Bellingham , put a clown on a unicycle and asked him to ride around campus .
He then analyzed the reactions of students to find out who noticed the clown and who did n’t .
He found out that only 25 percent of students talking on their cell had noticed the clown , while more than half of students listening to iPods saw him .
About 70 percent of those walking in pairs and chatting with friends took note of the unusual scene .
“ If people experience so much difficulty performing the task of walking when on a cell phone , just think of what this means when put into the context of driving safety , ” Hyman says .
“ People should not drive while talking on a cell phone .
“ Cell phone use causes people to be oblivious to their surroundings while engaged in even a simple task such as walking .
Cell phone users walk more slowly , change directions and weave more often and fail to notice interesting and novel objects .
“ The effect appears to be caused by the distraction of a cell phone conversation , because people walking in pairs did not display the same range of problems . ”
Details of the study will appear in the December issue of Applied Cognitive Psychology .
For more information and statistics on texting and driving , see my May 21 post , Sir , have you been texting tonight ?
Photo : Western Washington University
Junkers Ju 88 " Mistel "
The Guided Missiles
DFS 230 Assault glider with a Focke Wulf Fw 56 on top as tow plane
The military glider DFS 230 , which was used during the beginning of WW II to land soldiers ( max .
trooping load : 10 ) behind the enemy line , was also used in a rigid combination glider - tow plane .
The tow plane was mounted on top of the glider .
Several combinations were tested .
Three combinations are known to .
A Klemm Kl 35 ( twin seated , low wing monoplane , open cockpit light trainer ) , a Focke Wulf Fw 56 " Stösser " ( single seated , open cockpit , parasol wing monoplane ) and a Messerschmidt Me Bf 109E were used as tow planes .
The advantages of this combination is mentioned as a extension of the range of the glider .
The combination also had less influence to bad wind conditions due to the lack of a loose cable between both .
In the closing weeks of the war other Mistel combinations included :
Ju 88 G - 7 / Focke Wulf Ta 152H , a single engine aircraft ( better known as " the long - nosed Fw 190 )
Focke Wulf Ta 154 , a twin engine multi-purpose ( Germans attempt for a design similar to the British Mosquito ) / Fw 190
Ar 234 / Fi 103
Do 217 K , a twin engine bomber ( advanced version of the " flying pencil " ) / DFS 288 .
a high altitude reconnaissance aircraft ( using a Walter rocket engine )
and for research : Si 204 , a twin engine light transport monoplane with two vertical tails , each at the end of the horizontal tail surface .
/ Lippisch DM - 1 .
There were many projects , such as the Ju 287 / Me 262 and Ar 234C / Arado E377 ( small pilot less bomber ) and the Führungsmashine ( Ju 88 H - 4/ Fw 190 A - 8 ) intended as a long - range pathfinder .
The upper component in this case was purely an escort .
Siegfried Holzbauer , a test pilot of Junkers , in 1941 made a proposal to use a combination of a fighter and a unmanned , bomb filled older bomber to throw the bomber on large targets like bridges , boats , factories , bunkers and so .
At that time there was no need for such a radical method , so the idea was dropped .
But when , at the end of the war , the Germans became desperate the idea was reborn ( due to the successful flights with the DFS 230 combinations ) .
The official name was " Beethoven Gerät " or Beethoven Device .
Most know it under the name " Mistel " or Mistletoe .
As lower component they used a Junkers Ju 88 .
Messerschmidt Me 109s and Focke - Wulf Fw 190s were used as upper components .
The Ju 88 got a special designed 380 pound warhead instead of the cockpit .
At the second bomb bay 50 kg cement bombs were carried as ballast .
The warhead could ( at the used speed ) penetrate 60 feet of reinforced concrete .
Together that would give quite a bang .
DFS ( having experience with the DFS 230 combinations ) designed the support between the two components .
The extra drag made the speed drop to 235 mph .
This made the Mistel a easy target for enemy fighters .
Some operations were carried out .
4 attacked some boats , although all were direct hits , no ship sank .
Several other operation were planned , but mostly dropped due to the continuously changing situation of territory .
At the end most were used to destroy bridges to slow down the Allied and / or Russians .
There were about 250 Mistels made .
At first older Ju 88 were used , at the end they used Ju 88s straight from the factory .
Due to the slowness of the Mistels using the Ju 88 , they could n't survive long in a hostile airspace .
Arado suggested to use the Arado Ar 234 , a multi jet - engine high - wing bomber or reconnaissance airplane , as a quicker base .
A Mistel like proposal suggested a Ar 234 / Ar E377 .
The Arado Ar E377 was a unmanned mid-wing airplane which could have a 2000 kg ( 4409 lb ) hollow - charge warhead or a 1800 kg ( 3968 lb ) bomb mounted in the nose .
Two version of this Ar E377 were suggested .
A unpowered one and a version which had a jet - engine under each wing .
Both combinations had the Ar E377 mounted on a takeoff trolley and the Ar 234 was mounted on top of the Ar E377 .
There was also a proposal to use a Heinkel 162 Volksjäger with the powered Ar E377 .
No prototypes were made .
The war probably ended too soon .
Another interesting Arado project was to use the Arado 234 as a flying base for the Fieseler 103 ( better known as the V - 1 ) .
Three proposals for mounting the V - 1 were made .
One featured the use of a rigid tow bar behind the Ar 234 .
The second one mounted the V - 1 on a takeoff trolley and the Ar 234 on top of it .
The third had the V - 1 mounted on top of the Ar 234 .
The last version made use of the conventional landing gear of the Ar 234 .
An unpowered V - 1 was used during these tests .
The fourth test ended in the destruction of the tow bar , due to the unstability of the concept .
The last parasite Arado proposal was the combination of a Ar 234 and a Ar E381 .
The Ar E381 was a small , rocket powered fighter .
The reasoning was that the best way to protect a fighter was to place armor around the engine and the pilot .
For conventional airplanes this would lead to a increase of weight that would reduce the performance a bit too much .
The tiny Walter rocket engine could easily be protected using a small armored tube .
Due to the ground clearance of the Ar 234 , the pilot of the Ar E381 ( which was hung under the Ar 234 ) had to be proned .
In this position a pilot could also easily be protected with a armored tube .
The first design had one difficulty : once hung under the Ar 234 ; there was no possibility that the pilot could leave the Ar E381 .
A second proposal had a sideway entrance .
The AR E381 had a single 30 mm Mk 108 cannon and 45 rounds of ammunition .
This would be good for two attacks .
Home Page
It was in 1942 that the German Glider Research Institute started trials with a novel method of getting gliders airborne .
Instead of the more usual arrangement of the glider being towed behind the aircraft , test pilot Fritz Stamer initiated a series of trials in which the glider was rigidly mounted underneath the powered aircraft .
The feasibility of the pick - a- back scheme was proved using , amongst other combinations , the Messerschmitt Bf 109 and the DFS 230 glider .
Early in 1943 the idea took on a new form : a piloted Bf 109 fighter mounted on top of an unmanned explosive - laden Ju 88 bomber by means of supporting struts .
This was the Mistel .
The pilot in the upper machine was to control the combination ; when he got to the target he would put the combination into a 15 degree descent and aim the whole lot at the target .
At a range of about three quarters of a mile from the objective he was to separate his fighter from the lower component and climb away , leaving the latter to fly straight on under control of the automatic pilot until it impacted .
The fighter pilot was then to return to base in the normal way .
Thus far the Mistel idea had little to commend it , for the expenditure of one Ju 88 bomber to deliver a mere 3 ton warhead to a target was a grossly uneconomical method .
But if a special warhead could be fitted to the explosive aircraft , a warhead which could punch through almost any protective layer of armor , the possibilities became very attractive .
THE HOLLOW CHARGE
The warhead fitted to the Mistel was of the hollow charge type .
Such warheads were used a great deal during the war against tanks .
But with the Mistel a hollow charge warhead weighing 7,700 pounds - far larger than any built before or since - was to be used .
Below is an early Mistel 1 combination , with the hollow charge war - head fitted in place of the crew compartment of the Ju 88 lower component .
This warhead , seen below on a Mistel 1 , was capable of " drilling " a hole clean through the hull of even the most heavily armored warship .
The hollow charge , as fitted to the Mistel , was intended to blow a hole through the thick steel armor of a battleship .
The shape of the 3,800 pound explosive charge was important .
At the front end of the explosive charge was a cone - shaped hollow cavity which was lined with a layer of soft metal - either copper or aluminum .
It was important that a soft metal be used for this liner , since a harder metal would prevent the hollow charge action from developing properly .
Four electrical crush fuses , for firing the detonator of the main charge , were mounted at the end of the nine foot long stand - off probe which protruded from the front of the warhead ; the detonator for the main charge was situated at the rear of the warhead .
When the stand - off probe hit the target the crush fuses operated , set off the detonator , and thus fired the main charge .
Because of its shape and the fact that it was burning from the rear forwards , the force of the main charge was focused on to the soft metal liner .
The liner became fluid , and was pushed forward from the centre of the cone in a fine jet .
A split - second later the hollow charge action had developed completely .
The metal in the liner was now " squirted " forwards in a stream about one foot in diameter , a stream which reached speeds of between 20 and 2.5 times the speed of sound .
Thus the hollow - charge acted as a " gun " , and the soft metal liner as a " bullet " .
The colossal speed attained by the thin jet of soft metal gave it the energy necessary to " drill " a hole clean through steel armor with a thickness of up to four times the maximum diameter of the warhead itself ; in the case of the six foot diameter warhead fitted to the Mistel lower component , this gave a theoretical maximum penetration of the order of 24 feet .
Such a warhead would I penetrate the heaviest armor carried by a ship with ease .
Once through the outer protective shell of the target , and now confined inside it , the jet of high energy metal would vaporize anything in its path .
The stand - off probe was necessary to set off the main explosive charge at the optimum distance from the target , so that the soft metal liner had time to form itself into a thin jet before it struck .
Within limits , the further the charge from the target when it was detonated , the thinner and deeper the hole " drilled " ; the closer the charge to the target , the wider and shallower the penetration .
Both long and short stand - off probes were used with the Mistel .
The entire hollow - charge action took place within one ten - thousandth part of a second , during which time a relatively slow - moving Ju 88 explosive aircraft , impacting at 400 m.p.h. , moved forwards about a half an inch .
This , then , was the potential of the Mistel device .
The Ju 88 used for the Mistel program had their crew compartments removed at the after bulkhead , then these were re-fitted in place by means of quick - release fasteners .
For ferry and training flights both the upper and the lower components were manned .
At the last possible moment before an attack , the crew compartment was removed for the last time and the deadly hollow - charge warhead fitted in its place .
This task required six mechanics , two armourers , and four ton capacity crane , and took one day .
The process had an air of finality about it , for once the warhead - fitted Mistel had taken off the fighter pilot could not land the combination ; whether it reached the target or not , the Ju 88 lower component was doomed .
A series of aiming tests against cliffs on the Danish island of Moen proved the feasibility of the weapon .
TRAINING
Mistel pilots began training in April 1944 , using the first two prototypes .
Each man completed ten flights without releasing the lower component , then three flights each with a release .
The pilots found that the poor view forwards from the fighter cockpit made the initial part of the take - off run difficult , and this ruled out the possibility of night take - offs .
However , once it was airborne they found the Mistel easy to fly , if a little sluggish on the controls .
Mistel combinations were put together using a number of different types .
The original employed the Bf 109 F and the Ju 88A , later ones employed various sub-types of the Fw 190 and the Ju 88 .
Versions projected but never assembled comprised an Me- 262 jet fighter on top of a Ju 287 jetwmber , and an He 162 jet fighter mounted on an Arado E 377 A flying bomb .
IN ACTION
The first unit to receive the Mistel was the Second Staffel of K.G. 101 , commanded by Captain Horst Rudat .
But before Rudat could move his Staffel to Grove things had come to the boil in France , for on the June 6 Allied forces had landed in Normandy .
Accordingly , the few Mistel combinations available were ferried to St Dizier in France , for operations against the invasion fleet .
The Mistel pilots did claim some hits , but none of these are confirmed in Allied records .
An explanation for this could be that some of the hits were on the old French battleship Courbet , which was being used as a block ship for the British " Mulberry " harbour at Courseulles .
Since the ship was already lying on the sea bottom , in shallow water , the Royal Navy were more than happy to have the Germans attack her in preference to more worthwhile targets .
So Courbet was dressed up to look as conspicuous as possible , with an enormous tricolour complete with the cross of Louraine ; thereafter she acted as a magnet for attacks .
She certainly collected several bombs and torpedoes , and possibly a Mistel or two .
In the autumn of 1944 the plan for the Mistel attack on Scapa Flow was suggested for the second time , and composites flew into Grove and neighbouring Danish airfields in readiness .
But the Royal Air Force struck first , and set in train a pattern of events which brought the carefully - laid German plan to nothing .
On the November 11,1944 Lancasters attacked the German battleship Tirpitz with 12,000 pound Tallboy bombs , and caused her to capsize .
With Tirpitz out of the way there was no call for battleships or fleet aircraft carriers to be held in the Atlantic , and within weeks those which had served with the Home Fleet at Scapa Flow were on their way to the Pacific .
This meant all the worthwhile targets had left Scapa Flow .
The combinations would have to be used elsewhere .
THE " IRON HAMMER " PLAN
" Operation Iron Hammer " , the planned blow to knock - out the Russian armament industry , had first been mooted at the end of 1943 .
The key targets within Moscow and Gorky were judged to be the steam and hydro- electric generating stations .
It was known that the Russians lacked the plant to produce such turbines - most of the equipment scheduled for attack under the " Iron Hammer " plan had been supplied by the Germans before the war .
As a result the Luftwaffe planners felt that the Russians would not be able to effect repairs for a very long time .
But before the plan could be put into action the Russians overran the advanced bases which were to have been used .
Now the targets lay beyond the range of the He 111 .
The idea of the knock - out blow was revived in December 1944 , when the plan was expanded in scope and re-scheduled for the spring of 1945 , this time using Mistel combinations .
The operation 's supporters believed that such a powerful blow from the supposedly dying German Air Force would come as a great shock to the Russians , and might well have the useful secondary effect of causing them to pull back fighter units for home defense .
Despite the deep penetration necessary to reach the " Iron Hammer " targets , the German planning staff felt that the operation had a good chance of success .
Since the autumn of 1943 German bomber activity over rear areas in the east had been negligible , and as a result the Russian home air defenses were weak and underdeveloped .
The only German unit to fly regular missions over Russia since then had been KG 200 , which was engaged in dropping and supplying agents .
The unit 's aircraft had regularly carried radar observers , and as a result the Germans knew that the radar cover in the rear areas was thin .
Since the targets were both large and ill - defended , a night attack using flares was judged feasible .
For the operation specially modified Mistel combinations were prepared , able to cover the 760 mile distance from the base airfields to the targets .
The Fw 190 upper components were each to carry two drop tanks for fuel , and additional tanks for both fuel and oil .
Following tests held at Udetfeld with the warhead , it was calculated that two hits with hollow - charge fitted Ju 88's would be sufficient against the smaller power stations , while six hits would be necessary against the larger ones .
The revived plan had intended that the Mistel combinations should take off from airfields in East Prussia ; later , as the front line had moved back with disconcerting speed during the Russian offensives in January and February , 1945 , the operation was re- planned to use airfields at Oranienburg , Parchim , Laertz , Marienehe and Peenemünde .
The return flights were to be either to the home bases or else to airfields in the Courland Peninsular pocket , depending upon fuel and weather conditions .
Lieutenant Colonel Werner Baumbach was made responsible for the execution of the Iron Hammer operation .
Under his control were the Mistel combinations of K.G. 30 and K.G. 200 , as well as a number of He 111.'s , Ju 88's and Ju 290's which were to act as route and target markers during the attack .
However , by the time sufficient Mistel combinations were available , such as the Mistel 2 shown above , there were other tasks for which they could be used .
For by March 1945 , the Russians were streaming westwards over the Vistula bridges .
Something of the dilemma that faced the Germans may be sensed from a conversation held between Hitler and General Karl Koller , the Luftwaffe Chief of Staff , on March 26,1945 :
Koller : Altogether there are 82 Mistel combinations ready for use .
If the urgent attacks on the Vistula bridges are carried out as you , my Führer , have commanded Lieutenant Colonel Baumbach , there will remain 56 combinations for the " Iron Hammer " operation .
Since the report from General Christian would you not prefer that we carry through a smaller " Iron Hammer " with these 56 Mistels ?
I wish to propose that as well as the urgent Vistula bridge attacks , the " Iron Hammer " operation should be carried through with these 56 Mistel combinations .
The attack on the Gorky group of targets would then have to be omitted .
We should then knock out 80 per-cent of their electrical generating capacity ; of their 1,094 million kilowatts , the reduction would be only 378 million kilowatts .
I ask therefore that the proposed " Iron Hammer " operation be approved ; technically we can be completely ready by the 28th / 29th , provided the weather conditions are favorable .
Hitler : I do not wish to divide the effort , because when we do it a second time the enemy will be ready , and will reply with strong defensive measures .
Koller : Naturally it would be a shame if the complete " Iron Hammer " operation could not be flown , but I do not know when we could ever do it again ; the earliest that it could be done again is during the next moon period .
I should also like to believe that the range of the targets is such that strong defenses will not be met , because presumably the enemy will not expect us to attack over such great distances .
Hitler : Nevertheless , one knows how significant it would have been if the enemy had attacked our power stations simultaneously .
It is exactly the same with the enemy .
For the present I prefer to give up the Vistula Bridge attacks ; that can be done later .
Koller :
So the " Iron Hammer " operation can be carried out in full with no diversion of effort for the Vistula Bridge attacks ?
The transcript ended : " The Führer agreed with this . "
But the " Iron Hammer " operation was not to be mounted on the March 28 .
Shortly after the conversation it became clear that the bridge attacks could not be " done later " .
The Russians were massing for a breakthrough along the line of the Oder River where for the time being they were held , though in places less than 35 miles from Berlin itself .
At Küstrin they had already established a bridgehead on the west bank which had resisted all German attempts to throw it back .
When the Russian attack came , there could be no doubt that the crossings at Küstrin would playa major part in it ; accordingly , the carefully husbanded stock of Mistel combinations was sent in to smash them .
THE ODER BRIDGE ATTACKS
In charge of the Oder bridge attacks was Colonel Hans - Joachim Helbig .
This use of Mistel combinations against bridges was a measure of desperation , for although they were potentially a very effective weapons against ships or concrete buildings whose walls would contain some of the force of the explosion , they were quite unsuitable for this task .
Not only was the accuracy of the Mistel inadequate for use , against such long narrow targets , but the specialized warheads merely blew holes through the bridges without damaging any vital part of the structure .
Typical of the attacks on the bridges at Küstrin was that on April 12 , 1945 .
At 1825 hours that evening Second Lieutenant Hans Altrogge took off from Peenemünde in a Ju 88 of I/jK.G. 66 , to act as lead aircraft for the attack .
Four Mistel combinations followed him into the air , and the curious formation headed south towards the target .
The view from the upper component Fw 190's was not good , and the Ju 88 pathfinder flew some two miles in front and 1,500 feet above the combinations , so as to stay in sight .
It was dusk when Altrogge arrived at Küstrin .
When overhead the bridges he rocked his wings then climbed away ; this was the cue for the Mistel pilots to push their aircraft down and go straight into the attack .
In the face of heavy anti-aircraft fire the pilots pressed home their dives , separated , then pulled away .
The salvo of explosive Ju 88's continued on , and from his vantage point Altrogge watched the bridges disappear in a cloud of smoke , mud and spray .
Freed of their burdens the Fw 190's became potent fighters once again , and now vengefully curved in to strafe the flak pits which had made things so hot for them during the attack run .
Before the smoke cleared it was dark , and Altrogge was unable to observe the results of the strike .
But from Russian records we know that the bridges continued in use after the attack .
The Küstrin bridges were of the simple pontoon type , erected by Soviet army engineers ; pontoons are easy to replace .
The Russians launched their great offensive on April 16 , and within two days had forced two bridge - heads , one 20 miles wide and one 30 miles wide , on the western bank of the Oder .
More and more pontoon bridges were thrown across the river , and the Luftwaffe used everything it had , including Mistels and Hs 293 glider bombs , in an attempt to smash them .
But such was the force of the Russian push that even when some of the crossings were temporarily put out of action the drive was not slackened in the least .
When the war ended , in May 1945 , the Mistel had achieved none of its spectacular promise .
Potentially the weapon was capable of a great deal .
For example , had a dozen or so combinations penetrated the defenses and reached the anchorage at Scapa Flow , they could well have disabled the entire battleship and aircraft carrier strength of the British Home Fleet .
Had a blow been synchronized with a sortie by the German battleship Tirpitz - assuming that Tirpitz could have been made serviceable following the damaging attacks by aircraft and midget submarines - severe disruption to Britain 's Atlantic lifeline might have resulted .
But by the middle of September 1944 it was already too late .
The cumulative damage suffered by Tirpitz had rendered her unfit for sea ; she was retained in service merely to keep Allied warships tied down .
A successful Mistel attack in November 1944 would have inflicted a severe blow on British morale , but would have achieved little else ; the battleships and fleet carriers of the Home Fleet took no part in the closing months of the European war anyway .
So when the Mistel was ready for action in sufficient numbers , the important issues had already been decided .
It was the same with the " Iron Hammer " plan .
Had the operation been successfully mounted in 1944 the mighty Russian advance might well have been forced to a halt for want of supplies .
But by the early part of 1945 it was too late for such an attack to make much impression ; the Russian forces could have continued on pretty much as they did , using munitions already manufactured .
MISTEL VARIANTS
Mistel 1 Ju 88A - 4 and Bf 109F - 4
Mistel 2 Ju 88 G -l and Fw 190A - 8 or F -
8
Mistel 3A Ju 88A - 4 and Fw 190A - 8
Mistel 3B Ju 88 H - 4 and Fw 190A - 8
Mistel 3C Ju 88G-10 and Fw 190F -8
Mistel 4 Ju 287 and Me 262 .
Mistel 5 Arado E 377A and He 162 .
Main additional components fitted during conversion to the Mistel role :
Patin three - axis autopilot , as modified by Junkers , to the Ju 88 .
Zeise optical sight , to the upper component .
Connecting frame , to the lower component .
Additional engine instruments mounted on the outside of the engines of the lower component , so that the pilot above could observe engine temperatures , boost pressures , etc .
7,800 pound hollow - charge warhead , containing 3,800 pounds of explosive ( 70 per-cent hexogen and 30 per-cent TNT ) .
Impact fused , arming took place about three seconds after separation
References
" Squadron / Signal Junkers Ju88 in Action Part 2 " by Brian Filley with Don Greer , Perry Manely and Joe Sewell
" German Air Force Bombers of World War Two - Vol. 2 " by Alfred Price
By GottaLaff
Via my pal Karoli , a video by our mutual friend Shoq :
Matte Black ( @Shoq on Twitter ) and his brother took their video camera to Canada on vacation to interview Canadians about their health care system .
When we talked about it , I asked him to try to get negative views with specifics for balance .
Here is the result .
It has been edited for brevity , but the negative views were not removed , because there were none .
He could not find one Canadian who thought they should kill the system .
These are everyday people .
They have no agenda at all other than being patriotic Canadians .
Those loony Canadians and their Commie failure of a health care system , who do they think they are ?
Whatever we do , we better not spread the truth about how they do things up north or try to copy them or anything , because then :: gasp : : Americans might realize what a positive step that would be !
Infrared photography produces some of the most amazing photographs on the planet .
In infrared photography , the film or image sensor used within a digital camera is sensitive to infrared lighting , which allows the camera to pick up any light that ’s invisible to the human eye .
Objects that are normally bright in visible light look dark , while normally dark objects look especially bright .
In most cases , an infrared filter is used which lets the infrared light to pass through to the camera .
In this article , we ’ll take a look at 100 inspirational examples of infrared photography that are sure to both inspire and amaze you .
Do you know of any other good examples that we may have missed ?
What do you think of infrared photography ?
A Biological Explanation For Psychopaths
Professor Declan Murphy and colleagues Dr. Michael Craig and Dr. Marco Catani from the Institute of Psychiatry at King 's College London say they have found differences in the brain which may provide a biological explanation for psychopathy .
Psychopathy is strongly associated with serious criminal behavior ( rape , murder , etc. ) and repeat offending but despite its heinous aspects the biological basis of psychopathy has remained poorly understood .
Some investigators also attribute social causes in explaining antisocial behaviours .
To date , nobody has investigated the ' connectivity ' between the specific brain regions implicated in psychopathy .
The new research investigated the brain biology of psychopaths with convictions that included attempted murder , manslaughter , multiple rape with strangulation and false imprisonment .
Using the Diffusion Tensor Imaging technique ( DT - MRI ) the researchers say they have highlighted biological differences in the brain which may underpin these types of behavior and provide a more comprehensive understanding of criminal psychopathy .
Dr Michael Craig said , " If replicated by larger studies the significance of these findings cannot be underestimated .
The suggestion of a clear structural deficit in the brains of psychopaths has profound implications for clinicians , research scientists and the criminal justice system . "
Earlier studies had suggested that dysfunction of specific brain regions might underpin psychopathy .
Such areas of the brain were identified as the amygdale , ie the area associated with emotions , fear and aggression , and the orbitofrontal cortex ( OFC ) , the region which deals with decision making .
There is a white matter tract that connects the amygdala and OFC , which is called the uncinate fasciculus ( UF ) .
However , nobody had ever studied the UF in psychopaths .
The team from King 's used an imaging method called in vivo diffusion tensor magnetic resonance imaging ( DT - MRI ) tractography to analyse the UF in psychopaths .
They found a significant reduction in the integrity of the small particles that make up the structure of the UF of psychopaths , compared to control groups of people with the same age and IQ .
Also , the degree of abnormality was significantly related to the degree of psychopathy .
These results suggest that psychopaths have biological differences in the brain which may help to explain their offending behaviours .
Craig added : ' This study is part of an ongoing programme of research into the biological basis of criminal psychopathy .
It highlights that exciting developments in brain imaging such as DT - MRI now offer neuroscientists the potential to move towards a more coherent understanding of the possible brain networks that underlie psychopathy , and potentially towards treatments for this mental disorder . '
The results of their study are outlined in the paper ' Altered connections on the road to psychopathy ' , published in Molecular Psychiatry .
From Carolyn Said at the San Francisco Chronicle : $ 30 billion home loan time bomb set for 2010
From 2004 to 2008 , " one in five people who took out a mortgage loan ( for both purchases and refinancing ) in the San Francisco metropolitan region ... got an option ARM , " said Bob Visini , senior director of marketing in San Francisco at First American CoreLogic , a mortgage research firm .
" That 's more than twice the national average .
" People think option ARMs ( will be ) a national crisis , " he said .
" That 's not really true .
It 's just in higher - cost areas like California where you see their prevalence . "
...
First American shows more than 54,000 option ARMs issued here with a value of about $ 30.9 billion .
Fitch shows more than 47,000 option ARMs here with a value of about $ 28 billion .
Both say their data underestimate the totals .
...
Fitch said 94 percent of borrowers elected to make minimum payments only .
...
Unlike subprime loans , which were more commonly used for entry - level homes , option ARMs started out with high balances .
In the five - county San Francisco area , option ARMs average about $ 584,000 and were used to buy homes averaging $ 823,000 , according to an analysis of First American data .
That means they 'll spawn foreclosures among upper - end homes .
...
" The average option ARM borrower is significantly underwater , so much that they do n't think they 'll get out , " Sirotic said .
On average nationwide , option ARM borrowers ... owe is 126 percent of their home 's value , based on depreciation and not including the effects of negative amortization , Sirotic said .
The article has much more .
Option ARMs were used as affordability products in mid-to - high priced areas of bubble states like California .
Now most of the borrowers are significantly underwater , and this will lead to more foreclosures , and falling prices , in the mid - to - high end areas .
I guess no one has a clue what the increasingly fashionable term “ cloud computing ” means .
At least , that ’s the message we ’re meant to take away from a new video from Cisco ( embedded below ) , where many people are asked what cloud computing is , and most of the on - camera responses are confused , way out there , or both .
Here ’s my favorite description : “ Cloud computing is where God allowed all the clouds to be connected together by the angels . ”
I ’m also fond of this one : “ Computers that must float on parachutes up in clouds , or maybe dirigibles . ”
Yeah , dirigibles , that ’s the ticket !
It looks like the video was recorded at the Cisco Live conference earlier this summer , so I ’m assuming that most of the interviewees are more knowledgeable than they let on , but were encouraged to riff in a supposedly humorous way .
And of course the video ends by pointing to the Cisco website promoting its own cloud computing products .
( The company , which built its business around networking technology , is looking to expand into other areas such as security and the cloud . )
I do n’t actually think it ’s that hard to come up with a basic definition of cloud computing ( here ’s Gartner : “ a style of computing where massively scalable IT - related capabilities are provided ‘ as a service ’ using Internet technologies to multiple external customers ” ) , but the video illustrates how malleable the term has become , and how different companies like to use different definitions that suit their needs .
Hence the argument from folks like Google and OpSource that some technologies dubbed cloud computing do n’t have much to do with the cloud at all .
[ image : eyehook ]
The rage of the disposed is fracturing the country , dividing it into camps that are unmoored from the political mainstream .
Movements are building on the ends of the political spectrum that have lost faith in the mechanisms of democratic change .
You ca n’t blame them .
But unless we on the left move quickly , this rage will be captured by a virulent and racist right wing , one that seeks a disturbing proto - fascism .
Every day counts .
Every deferral of protest hurts .
We should , if we have the time and the ability , make our way to Pittsburgh for the meeting of the G - 20 this week rather than do what the power elite is hoping we will do — stay home .
Complacency comes at a horrible price .
“ The leaders of the G - 20 are meeting to try and salvage their power and money after everything that has gone wrong , ” said Benedicto Martinez Orozco , co-president of the Mexican Frente Autentico del Trabajo ( FAT ) , who is in Pittsburgh for the protests .
“ This is what this meeting is about . ”
The draconian security measures put in place to silence dissent in Pittsburgh are disproportionate to any actual security concern .
They are a response not to a real threat , but to the fear gripping the established centers of power .
The power elite grasps , even if we do not , the massive fraud and theft being undertaken to save a criminal class on Wall Street and international speculators of the kinds who were executed in other periods of human history .
They know the awful cost this plundering of state treasuries will impose on workers , who will become a permanent underclass .
And they also know that once this is clear to the rest of us , rebellion will no longer be a foreign concept .
The delegates to the G - 20 , the gathering of the world ’s wealthiest nations , will consequently be protected by a National Guard combat battalion , recently returned from Iraq .
The battalion will shut down the area around the city center , man checkpoints and patrol the streets in combat gear .
Pittsburgh has augmented the city ’s police force of 1,000 with an additional 3,000 officers .
Helicopters have begun to buzz gatherings in city parks , buses driven to Pittsburgh to provide food to protesters have been impounded , activists have been detained , and permits to camp in the city parks have been denied .
Web sites belonging to resistance groups have been hacked and trashed , and many groups suspect that they have been infiltrated and that their phones and e-mail accounts are being monitored .
Larry Holmes , an organizer from New York City , stood outside a tent encampment on land owned by the Monumental Baptist Church in the city ’s Hill District .
He is one of the leaders of the Bail Out the People Movement .
Holmes , a longtime labor activist , on Sunday led a march on the convention center by unemployed people calling for jobs .
He will coordinate more protests during the week .
“ It is de facto martial law , ” he said , “ and the real effort to subvert the work of those protesting has yet to begin .
But voting only gets you so far .
There are often not many choices in an election .
When you build democratic movements around the war or unemployment you get a more authentic expression of democracy .
It is more organic .
It makes a difference .
History has taught us this . ”
Our global economy , like our political system , has been hijacked by a tiny oligarchy , composed mostly of wealthy white men who serve corporations .
They have pledged or raised a staggering $ 18 trillion , looted largely from state treasuries , to prop up banks and other financial institutions that engaged in suicidal acts of speculation and ruined the world economy .
They have formulated trade deals so corporations can speculate across borders with currency , food and natural resources even as , according to the Food and Agriculture Organization ( FAO ) of the United Nations , 1.02 billion people on the planet struggle with hunger .
Globalization has obliterated the ability of many poor countries to protect food staples such as corn , rice , beans and wheat with subsidies or taxes on imported staples .
The abolishment of these protections has permitted the giant mechanized farms to wipe out tens of millions of small farmers — 2 million in Mexico alone — bankrupting many and driving them off their land .
Those who could once feed themselves can no longer find enough food , and the wealthiest governments use institutions such as the International Monetary Fund , the World Bank and the World Trade Organization like pit bulls to establish economic supremacy .
There is little that most governments seem able to do to fight back .
But the game is up .
The utopian dreams of globalization have been exposed as a sham .
Force is all the elite have left .
We are living through one of civilization ’s great seismic reversals .
The ideology of globalization , like all utopias that are sold as inevitable and irreversible , has become a farce .
The power elite , perplexed and confused , cling to the disastrous principles of globalization and its outdated language to mask the political and economic vacuum before us .
The absurd idea that the marketplace alone should determine economic and political constructs caused the crisis .
It led the G - 20 to sacrifice other areas of human importance — from working conditions , to taxation , to child labor , to hunger , to health and pollution — on the altar of free trade .
It left the world ’s poor worse off and the United States with the largest deficits in human history .
Globalization has become an excuse to ignore the mess .
It has left a mediocre elite desperately trying to save a system that cannot be saved and , more important , trying to save itself .
“ Speculation , ” then - President Jacques Chirac of France once warned , “ is the AIDS of our economies . ”
We have reached the terminal stage .
“ Each of Globalization ’s strengths has somehow turned out to have an opposing meaning , ” John Ralston Saul wrote in “ The Collapse of Globalism . ”
“ The lowering of national residency requirements for corporations has morphed into a tool for massive tax evasion .
The idea of a global economic system mysteriously made local poverty seem unreal , even normal .
The decline of the middle class — the very basis of democracy — seemed to be just one of those things that happen , unfortunate but inevitable .
That the working class and the lower middle class , even parts of the middle class , could only survive with more than one job per person seemed to be expected punishment for not keeping up .
The contrast between unprecedented bonuses for mere managers at the top and the four - job families below them seemed inevitable in a globalized world .
For two decades an elite consensus insisted that unsustainable third - world debts could not be put aside in a sort of bad debt reserve without betraying Globalism ’s essential principles and moral obligations , which included an unwavering respect for the sanctity of international contracts .
It took the same people about two weeks to abandon sanctity and propose bad debt banks for their own far larger debts in 2009 . ”
The institutions that once provided alternative sources of power , including the press , government , agencies of religion , universities and labor unions , have proved morally bankrupt .
They no longer provide a space for voices of moral autonomy .
No one will save us now but ourselves .
“ The best thing that happened to the Establishment is the election of a black president , ” Holmes said .
“ It will contain people for a given period of time , but time is running out .
Suppose something else happens ?
Suppose another straw breaks ?
What happens when there is a credit card crisis or a collapse in commercial real estate ?
The financial system is very , very fragile .
The legs are being kicked out from underneath it . ”
“ Obama is in trouble , ” Holmes went on .
“ The economic crisis is a structural crisis .
The recovery is only a recovery for Wall Street .
It ca n’t be sustained , and Obama will be blamed for it .
He is doing everything Wall Street demands .
But this will be a dead end .
It is a prescription for disaster , not only for Obama but the Democratic Party .
It is only groups like ours that provide hope .
If labor unions will get off their ass and stop focusing on narrow legislation for their members , if they will go back to being social unions that embrace broad causes , we have a chance of effecting change .
If this does not happen it will be a right - wing disaster . ”
Chris Hedges ’ latest book is “ Empire of Illusion : The End of Literacy and the Triumph of Spectacle . ”
His weekly column appears Mondays on Truthdig .
Special By By Melana Preston Oct 10 , 2009 in Politics Costa Mesa , CA - U.S. government leaders and community activists convened for an anti-human trafficking meeting at Vanguard University of Southern California on Friday , October 9 .
Members of the Orange County Human Trafficking Task Force , community and social service providers , faculty and students attended the event .
According to a February 2008 A 2006 “ This is not just an international problem .
Human trafficking is happening right here in the United States and throughout Orange County ” Chief Hall reiterated .
Hall also stressed the importance of “ multi - disciplinary community task forces and multi-agency collaboration in the identification of victims and control of offenders . ”
Ambassador C. deBaca was appointed by President Obama in May 2009 .
C. deBaca serves as Senior Advisor to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and directs the State Department ’s Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons .
Ambassador C. deBaca asserted the importance of terminology in addressing the global issue of human trafficking , repeatedly emphasizing that human trafficking “ is slavery and must be called so . ”
The ambassador also highlighted the success of American anti-trafficking efforts .
“ We are making a dent in the problem .
The U.S. has convicted more people for forced labor offenses than South East Asia and the Middle East combined ” he said .
C. deBaca encouraged more conscientious consumerism and advocacy on global , national , and personal levels .
“ Slavery affects all of us ” C. deBaca said .
The ambassador cited the use of slave labor for tantalum mining in cell phone production in East Congo .
He further pointed to slavery ’s prevalent roots in the production of common household items like chocolate , coffee , and cotton .
Ambassador C. deBaca commended advocates for demanding fair - trade and “ slave - free ” practices from manufacturers of these products .
The ambassador also presented various anti-trafficking strategies to raise awareness on grassroots levels .
Sandra Morgan , Orange County Human Trafficking Task Force administrator and Director of the Vanguard University Women ’s Studies Program , moderated a brief Q&A session following the presentations .
The session consisted of questions and comments from various local non-profit organizations and concerned students , individuals and community members .
Jerilyn Stapleton , Co-Founder of the Hollywood chapter of the National Organization of Women , and Project Director for the Western Region Jewish Labor Committee spoke highly of the forum .
“ I was very encouraged by what the Ambassador had to say .
His thoughts resonated with me and I am confident that with him in this position we will make giant steps forward to end human trafficking ” Stapleton said .
The “ Community Forum Against Trafficking in Persons ” featured Ambassador Luis C. deBaca , Orange County Congresswoman Loretta Sanchez , and Westminster Police Chief Andrew Hall .
Members of the Orange County Human Trafficking Task Force , community and social service providers , faculty and students attended the event .
According to a February 2008 United Nations estimate , " about 2.5 million people from 127 countries have been trafficked to 137 countries for purposes such as forced labour , sexual exploitation , the removal of organs and body parts , forced marriages , child adoption and begging . "
Organizations like Not For Sale estimate that as many as 27 million people are enslaved globally today .
A 2006 State Department Trafficking in Persons report estimates that between 14,500 and 17,500 people , particularly women and children , are trafficked into slavery in the United States annually .
“ This is not just an international problem .
Human trafficking is happening right here in the United States and throughout Orange County ” Chief Hall reiterated .
Hall also stressed the importance of “ multi - disciplinary community task forces and multi-agency collaboration in the identification of victims and control of offenders . ” Ambassador C. deBaca was appointed by President Obama in May 2009 .
C. deBaca serves as Senior Advisor to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and directs the State Department ’s Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons .
Ambassador C. deBaca asserted the importance of terminology in addressing the global issue of human trafficking , repeatedly emphasizing that human trafficking “ is slavery and must be called so .
” The ambassador also highlighted the success of American anti-trafficking efforts .
“ We are making a dent in the problem .
The U.S. has convicted more people for forced labor offenses than South East Asia and the Middle East combined ” he said .
C. deBaca encouraged more conscientious consumerism and advocacy on global , national , and personal levels .
“ Slavery affects all of us ” C. deBaca said .
The ambassador cited the use of slave labor for tantalum mining in cell phone production in East Congo .
He further pointed to slavery ’s prevalent roots in the production of common household items like chocolate , coffee , and cotton .
Ambassador C. deBaca commended advocates for demanding fair - trade and “ slave - free ” practices from manufacturers of these products .
The ambassador also presented various anti-trafficking strategies to raise awareness on grassroots levels .
Sandra Morgan , Orange County Human Trafficking Task Force administrator and Director of the Vanguard University Women ’s Studies Program , moderated a brief Q&A session following the presentations .
The session consisted of questions and comments from various local non-profit organizations and concerned students , individuals and community members .
Jerilyn Stapleton , Co-Founder of the Hollywood chapter of the National Organization of Women , and Project Director for the Western Region Jewish Labor Committee spoke highly of the forum .
“ I was very encouraged by what the Ambassador had to say .
His thoughts resonated with me and I am confident that with him in this position we will make giant steps forward to end human trafficking ” Stapleton said .
More about Ambassador luis debaca , Slavery , Human trafficking , Orange county ambassador luis deba ... slavery human trafficking orange county
A study published in the July 17 issue of the journal Science details how sandfish -- small lizards with smooth scales -- move rapidly underground through desert sand .
In this first thorough examination of subsurface sandfish locomotion , researchers from the Georgia Institute of Technology found that the animals place their limbs against their sides and create a wave motion with their bodies to propel themselves through granular media .
" When started above the surface , the animals dive into the sand within a half second .
Once below the surface , they no longer use their limbs for propulsion -- instead , they move forward by propagating a traveling wave down their bodies like a snake , " said study leader Daniel Goldman , an assistant professor in Georgia Tech 's School of Physics .
With funding from the National Science Foundation and the Burroughs Wellcome Fund , the research team used high - speed x-ray imaging to visualize sandfish -- formally called Scincus scincus -- burrowing into and through sand .
The team used that information to develop a physics model of the lizard 's locomotion .
The sandfish used in this study inhabits the Sahara desert in Africa and is approximately four inches long .
It uses its long , wedge - shaped snout and countersunk lower jaw to rapidly bury into and swim within sand .
The sandfish 's body has flattened sides and is covered with smooth shiny scales , its legs are short and sturdy with long and flattened fringed toes and its tail tapers to a fine point .
To conduct controlled experiments with the sandfish , Goldman and graduate students Ryan Maladen , Yang Ding and Chen Li built a seven - inch by eight - inch by four - inch - deep glass bead - filled container with tiny holes in the bottom through which air could be blown .
The air pulses elevated the beads and caused them to settle into a loosely packed solid state .
Repeated pulses of air compacted the material , allowing the researchers to closely control the density of the material .
Since a sandfish might encounter and need to move through different densities of sand in the desert , the researchers tested whether sandfish locomotion changed when burrowing through media with volume fractions of 58 and 62 percent -- typical values for desert sand .
advertisement
" Since loosely packed media is easier to push through and closely packed is harder to push through , we thought there should be some difference in the sandfish 's locomotion , " said Goldman .
" But the results surprised us because the density of the granular media did not affect how the sandfish traveled through the sand ; it was always the same undulatory wavelike pattern . "
For a given wave frequency , the swimming speed depended only on the frequency of the wave and not on the density .
Unexpectedly though , the animals could swim a bit faster in closely packed material by using a higher frequency range .
The team also varied the diameter of the glass beads , but still observed similar wavelike motion .
By tracking the sandfish in the x-ray images as it swam through the glass beads , Goldman was able to characterize the sandfish 's motion -- called its kinematics -- as the form of a single - period sinusoidal wave that traveled from the head to the tail .
" The large amplitude waves over the entire body are unlike the kinematics of other undulatory swimming organisms that are the same size as the sandfish , like eels , which propagate waves that start with a small amplitude that gets larger toward the tail , " explained Goldman .
After collecting the experimental data , Goldman 's team developed a physics model to predict the speed at which sandfish swim through sand .
The model was inspired by the resistive force theory , which allowed the researchers to partition the body of the sandfish into segments , each of which generated thrust and experienced drag when moving through the granular environment .
advertisement
" When you balance the thrust and drag , you get motion at some velocity , but we needed to determine the forces on the animal segments because we do n't have the appropriate equations for drag force during movement through granular media , " explained Goldman .
To establish these equations , the researchers measured the granular thrust and drag forces on a small stainless steel cylindrical rod , thus allowing them to predict the wave efficiency and optimal kinematics .
They found that the faster the sandfish propagate the wave , the faster they move forward through granular media -- up to speeds of six inches per second .
This speed allows the animal to escape predators , the heat of the desert surface and quickly swim to ambush surface prey they detect from vibrations .
" The results demonstrate that burrowing and swimming in complex media like sand can have intricacy similar to that of movement in air or water , and that organisms can exploit the solid and fluid - like properties of these media to move effectively within them , " noted Goldman .
In addition to having a biological impact , this study 's results also have ecological significance , according to Goldman .
Understanding the mechanics of subsurface movement could reveal how the actions of small burrowing organisms like worms , scorpions , snakes and lizards can transform landscapes by their burrowing actions .
This research may also help engineers build sandfish - like robots that can travel through complex environments .
" If something nasty was buried in unconsolidated material , such as rubble , debris or sand , and you wanted to find it , you would need a device that could scamper on the surface , but also swim underneath the surface , " Goldman said .
" Since our work aims to fundamentally understand how the best animals in nature move in these complex unstructured environments , it could be very valuable information for this type of research . "
This material is based upon work supported by the National Science Foundation ( NSF ) under Award No. PHY - 0749991 and the Burroughs Wellcome Fund .
Any opinions , findings , conclusions or recommendations expressed in this publication are those of the researcher and do not necessarily reflect the views of the NSF .
2. Antigravity love songs
Related to the above , with Star Trek again the main offender , although it happens everywhere .
We find the idea of sex with our nearest evolutionary relative , the chimpanzee , repellent .
And yet we are quite happy with the idea of Captain Kirk doing his interplanetary swordsman thing with a variety of smokin’ hot space babes .
He might as well try it on with a nematode worm : at least it has DNA .
Live sports , movies , TV shows , news and much more ...
CHICAGO --
When James Andrews opened a hot - dog stand on this city 's rough West Side , he thought he was doing a community service by hiring ex-convicts .
But some in the neighborhood think the name he chose -- Felony Franks -- is a crime .
An alderman has refused Mr. Andrews permission to hang a new sign or build a drive - through lane .
A pastor accused the restaurant owner , who is not an ex-convict , of " pimping out " the community .
Members of a neighborhood association have vowed to stay away from Felony Franks until the name is ...
Debating on the Internet By Didj Watch
345 Favourites 115 Comments 18 K Views
I know that I just updated my comic less than a few hours ago , but I was still in the mood to draw .
Instead of getting to work on the next page , I decided to throw this little funny thing together that I thought of recently .
I think that we can all agree that debates on the internet usually work like this .
You may think that you are the sound and rational one while the other is the idiotic spaz who is yelling and ranting as they type their response to you , but I 'm willing to bet that that perspective always works both ways .
IMAGE DETAILS Image size 720x1485px 600.07 KB
Show More
Published : Sep 14 , 2009
Hello .
What was here is no longer here .
This is because a blog I wrote on my personal site , intended as a discussion - started between a small number of my friends and peers , has been picked up , spun and twisted by a variety of sources around the web .
I ’m not going to put my own professional reputation on the line by having claims of Microsoft being bullies , or any other such nonsense , associated with myself .
The story was one of a small games website being blacklisted by Microsoft after posting an early review of Halo 3 : ODST , after a local retailer had stocked the game before street date .
I outlined the incident in which Microsoft demanded the review was removed , and continued to send regular and increasingly demanding emails to the website until it was , despite the site ’s editor claiming to be away from his computer at the time .
The review was eventually removed , and following the incident Microsoft were alleged to have told the site in question that they were no longer welcome at their press events .
It was my feeling that Microsoft were a little heavy - handed in the apparent content of their emails , considering the website was a small , enthusiast run outlet and had agreed to remove the review at the first available opportunity .
However , I did state that the website should have had the common sense not to post a review before general embargo , regardless of how they obtained a copy of the game .
Hopefully , this will be the end of it .
By Matt McGrath
BBC science reporter
The reptile possessed primitive and more advanced traits Researchers in China and the UK say they have discovered the fossils of a new type of flying reptile that lived more than 160 million years ago .
The find is named Darwinopterus , after Charles Darwin .
Experts say it provides the first clear evidence of a controversial idea called modular evolution .
The 20 new fossils found in north - east China show similarities to both primitive and more advanced pterosaurs , or flying reptiles .
The research is published in the journal , Proceedings of the Royal Society B. Missing link Pterosaurs were flying reptiles that flourished between 65 and 220 million years ago .
Darwinopterus could offer evidence of modular evolution Until now , scientists had known about two distinct groups of these creatures - primitive , long - tailed pterosaurs and more advanced short - tailed ones , separated by a gap in the fossil record .
But the discovery of more than 20 new fossil skeletons in north - east China sits in the gap in this evolutionary chain .
Darwinopterus is a hawk - like reptile with a head and neck just like advanced pterosaurs - but the rest of the skeleton is similar to more primitive forms .
Researchers say that this could be evidence of what they call modular evolution - where natural selection forces a whole series of traits to change rapidly rather than just one .
" Darwinopterus came as quite a shock to us " said Dr David Unwin , from the University of Leicester , UK .
" We had always expected a gap - filler with typically intermediate features such as a moderately elongate tail - neither long nor short .
" But the strange thing about Darwinopterus is that it has a head and neck just like that of advanced pterosaurs , while the rest of the skeleton , including a very long tail , is identical to that of primitive forms . "
With its long jaws and rows of sharp - pointed teeth , these creatures were very well suited to catching and killing other flying species .
The fossils were found in rocks that are 160 million years old , making them 10 million years older than the first bird , Archaeopteryx .
Dr Unwin collaborated on the study with researchers from the Geological Institute in Beijing , China .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I recently switched to hosting all of my own websites .
While it is liberating to have much more control over my web host , it begs for more maintenance time and better tools to help you monitor your server .
While browsing my GitHub account I came across Mark Sanborn ’s site monitoring script and thought : “ Hey this is a good idea , let ’s see what I can make of it ” .
I have been meaning to post more Python here so I updated his code a bit and thought I ’d share it with you .
I hope you have ideas for improvements .
It looks like Mark has made this a full project on GitHub and added timing the requests and command - line options !
This is a perfect example of how OSS projects are started .
Check out his introductory post
Checking site availability with Python
I did n’t feel that this script was big enough to go full OO with it , but if you want to add to it , fork the gist on GitHub and provide a link in the comments .
You know what ’d really be cool is if someone used timeit to get the response time and set thresholds for when the site is too slow .
Basically , this script just checks if the internet is available , then checks each site .
If the previous result is available and is different , it sends an email with the headers received so you might get a good idea what ’s going on .
Even cooler , you can use the email specific to your cell phone carrier to get text messages when your sites ’ availability changes .
NOTE : You must have some sort of mailer daemon installed .
See How to setup Gmail with sSMTP .
You can try it out by editing the appropriate parts of the script and then doing :
chmod +x checksites.py ./checksites.py eriwen.com yoursite.com
Scheduling it up with cron
I ’ve already showed you the ins and outs of basic cron scheduling .
We can have this run every 5 minutes by typing crontab -e and then adding :
*/5 * * * * ./ path/to/checksites.py yourwebsite.com othersite.org
What do you think ?
Tell me how you ’d make it more “ pythonic ” or otherwise improve it in the comments .
Last week , it was announced that Kurt Cobain would be an unlockable character in Guitar Hero 5 .
Because of how the band - licensed games work ( Metallica only play Metallica songs on Guitar Hero : Metallica ) it was assumed Cobain would only be around for “ Smells Like Teen Spirit ” and “ Lithium . ”
But it turns out once you unlock Cobain , you ’re free to have him sing Public Enemy , Megadeth , David Bowie , Bush , Stevie Wonder , but perhaps most egregiously , Bon Jovi .
Video proof is above .
It ’s good Kurt is n’t around to see this .
[ Stereogum ]
Gin and bear it , sister .
The Long Island nun charged with DWI after downing half a bottle of liquor may face additional charges based on witness accounts that she nearly mowed down a group of kids , the Nassau County DA said yesterday .
Sister Lauren Hanley , 68 , a spiritual director at St. Frances de Chantal Church in Wantagh , appeared sullen during a court appearance yesterday in Mineola .
She currently faces misdemeanor DWI raps and a maximum one - year jail sentence if convicted .
“ We pray that the Lord gives her strength to endure this difficult time , ” the Rockville Catholic Diocese said in a statement yesterday .
Hanley turned a quiet Wantagh street into chaos Tuesday when she sideswiped cars and nearly hit a group of children before smashing her church - owned car into a tree , authorities say .
“ Before her next court date , prosecutors will be reviewing the witness statements to The Post and reaching out to interview the witnesses that The Post found , ” said District Attorney Kathleen Rice ’s spokesman , Eric Phillips .
“ We are doing that to strengthen the existing case and to see if other charges are possible . ”
Alex Stein , 11 , told The Post that he and two siblings were playing Wiffle ball on their front lawn when Hanley came careening toward them .
The kids scampered out of the way as Hanley continued her unholy haul down the block .
The wild ride ended after Hanley bounced off parked cars and smashed into a tree .
Arriving officers found a plastic water bottle filled with hooch in her back seat .
Hanley told cops that she drank half a pint of gin .
Prosecutors said she began drinking at the church at 3 p.m.
Tuesday , almost four hours before the diabolical drive near the house of worship .
She registered a 0.18 blood - alcohol level on a breath test , more than twice the legal limit of 0.08 .
“ The facts are being investigated , ” said her lawyer , Joseph Lopiccolo .
“ The matter will be resolved in the best way possible for all parties involved .
We ask for prayers and support from the parishioners for her family at this time . ”
kieran.crowley@nypost.com
It used to be pretty rare to find real products in movies .
But then product placement became a lucrative business and things changed .
Still , there are some great uses of fictional brands these days in films .
Some of it is creative .
But the larger reason is that it ’s simply easier from a legal standpoint to make something up than to clear the rights for some product .
Here are some of the more memorable examples from movies in recent years ( sorry , no television products Simpsons fans .
Even with the one movie ) .
This is certainly not an exhaustive list , but rather just some of our favorites , presented in no particular order .
Mooby the Golden Calf
As seen in : Dogma , Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back , Clerks II
From the mind of Kevin Smith and featured throughout the View Askew Universe , Mooby the Golden Calf is a McDonald ’s type fast food spokescow making reference to the Old Testament story of the golden calf that was worshipped as a graven idol .
Complete with a theme song , Mooby also evokes memories of old - fashioned Disney characters like Mickey Mouse .
Soul Glo
As seen in : Coming to America
For when you need to rock your jheri curls , just be careful not to stain your couch .
Just let your sooooouuuuullllll gloooooooo !!!!!
Cyberdyne Systems Corporation
As seen in : The Terminator Franchise
Terminator fans are well aware the company is responsible for the genesis of the supercomputer Skynet , which becomes the primary antagonist of the whole series , including its armies of machines .
Brawndo : The Thirst Mutilator
As seen in : Idiocracy
The formerly fictional energy drink is now no longer imaginary .
Redux Beverages makes the movie - inspired beverage ( which itself was inspired by the fallen drink Rondo ) , and they are same company that brought us Cocaine Energy Drink .
What a fine product line .
Brawndo ,
It ’s got what plants crave .
Nails Cigarettes
As seen in : the View Askew Universe
Got Nails ?
The Nails Cigarette campaign has a unique “ truth in advertising ” rarely displayed by a tobacco company .
Plus the cigarettes are unfiltered , intolerable by right - wing America , and you are unlikely to survive more than ten minutes while smoking them .
Have fun !
Weyland - Yutani
As seen in : the Alien Quadrilogy
Often referred to simply as “ The Company ” , It is one of the corporations that runs the human colonies outside the solar system through the Extrasolar Colonization Administration .
It also has a seat in the Interstellar Commerce Commission ’s Company Review Board and maintains a large presence on Earth .
In short , they build better world .
Sex Panther
As seen in : Anchorman
It ’s made by Odeon , illegal in nine countries , and made with bits of real panther .
So you know it ’s good .
They ’ve done studies on this type of thing .
Caution : may smell like Bigfoot ’s dick .
Dapper Dan
As seen in : Oh Brother Where Art Thou ?
Do n’t settle for Fop .
You ’re a Dapper Dan man !
Whip out a can of Dapper Dan pomade to grease your hair down .
The fictional pomade was first introduced for the movie Oh Brother Where Art Thou ? and the Coens continue to run with it .
Pizza Planet
As seen in : Pixar movies
Pixar created it , and Walt Disney followed through with actual restaurants located at Disney ’s Hollywood Studios and Disneyland Paris designed to resemble the animated creation .
For a complete list of movie references on this brand , consult Wikipedia .
Red Apple Cigarettes
As seen in : Pulp Fiction , From Dusk Til Dawn , Four Rooms , Kill Bill , and Grindhouse
You ’ll notice the Quentin Tarantino connection to all those movies , as its the brand of choice for cigarette smokers when he ’s around .
Big Kahuna Burger
As seen in : the Tarantino Universe
Speaking of Tarantino…now , this is a tasty burger .
Big Kahuna Burger is a fictional chain of Hawaiian fast food chain referenced in several of Tarantino ’s films such as Death Proof , Four Rooms , From Dusk Till Dawn , True Romance , Pulp Fiction and Reservoir Dogs .
It even inspired a real chain .
Although Big Kahuna is no Teriyaki Donut .
Chotchkie’s
As seen in : Office Space
Where the guys from Initech meet with their pals at lunch , or a better name for a generic chain restaurant staffed by twenty - somethings in goofy uniforms .
Too bad they make you wear pieces of flair .
Chico ’s Bail Bonds
As seen in : Bad News Bears
It ’s a match made in heaven .
Who has n’t had a Little League coach who ’s been caught doing something illegal ?
And you can also show your support the best fictional kid ’s ball club !
Paper Street Soap Company
As seen in : Fight Club
For those who want to rebel against the structure of our culture , the rainbows that we chase , the corrupt oligarchy that most of us work .
Plus great at getting out blood stains .
Spatula City
As seen in : UHF
Thanks “ Weird Al ” Yankovic , and more recently Rush Limbaugh , for bringing this spatula outlet store to life .
Spatula City , they sell Spatulas , and that ’s all !
Tyrell Corporation
As seen in : Blade Runner
Named for its founder Dr. Eldon Tyrell , is a biotech company primarily concerned with the production life - like androids ( or replicants ) .
Elsinore Beer
As seen in : Strange Brew
I ’ll have an Elsinore beer .
Hold the donut , Eh .
But keep the mind - altering drugs and possible plans of world domination .
S - Mart
As seen in : Army of Darkness
Retails for about a hundred and nine , ninety five .
It ’s got a walnut stock , cobalt blue steel , and a hair trigger .
That ’s right .
Shop smart .
Shop S - Mart .
The Very Big Corporation of America
As seen in : Monty Python ’s Meaning of Life
Unfortunately , The Very Big Corporation ’s much - hyped acquisition of British insurance firm Permanent Assurance disintegrated amid cultural differences and some cannon fire .
Stay Puft Marshmallows
As seen in : Ghostbusters
He really is on all the packages you used to buy , particularly when you roasted marshmallows at Camp Waconda .
And here you thought he was the most harmless thing .
Wayne Enterprises
As seen in : Batman films
A premier inventor of a wide varierty of products , the Gotham - based conglomerate has been a bedrock of industry for a long time .
The downside is that I heard that Bruce Wayne is a giant douche parties all the time and mooches of his wealth .
He ’s no Batman .
Umbrella Corp
As seen in : Resident Evil Trilogy
The bioengineering pharmaceutical company first appearing in the Resident Evil video game series and later films .
It may sound slike they do good things like pharmaceuticals , medical hardware , defense , and computers .
But they also have dabbled in more clandestine operations utilizing genetic engineering and bio-weaponry .
Thanks for the zombies Umbrella Corp .
Fruity Oaty Bars
As seen in : Serenity
Fruit oaty bars make a man out of my mouse !
Fruity oaty bars make your busts out of your blouse !
Caution : may cause sudden outbursts of violence .
RePet
As seen in : The 6th Day
This one may not be too far from reality .
Acme
As seen in : Who Framed Roger Rabbit ? , The Last Action Hero , various Warner Brothers cartoons
The only company endorsed by Wile E. Coyote .
Sure , it ’s more of cartoon fictional brand than a movie one , but it ’s made it ’s appearances in various films over the years .
And no fake brand is more well recognized .
Plus , no one makes a better anvil .
Kevin Skinner , an unemployed farmer from Mayfield , Kentucky , impressed the judges of America ’s Got Talent last night with his rendition of If Tomorrow Never Comes by Garth Brooks .
During his audition , the 35 - year - old revealed that he used to catch chickens for a living .
I ’m not much of a country music fan but this guy ’s got real talent .
Piers Morgan said : “ That was one of the most emotional , powerful performances I ’ve seen in a long time . ”
WATCH :
You can also check out the video here ( HD ) .
bondigを使っ てNIC 故障に耐える。
サーバーインフラを支える技術でも紹介されている。またWEB+DBの２００８年版で紹介されていた。この技術は高速化にも応用できるようです。
大学のサーバではグローバルIPを借りることができた。潤沢に使える。VRRPや、グローバル節約のNAT技術が無用。なにそれおいしいのってかんじ。今回はグローバルIPを２つ使って冗長化する。
NIC の冗長化する。
Bondingする 一般的 にBonding やTeamingと呼ばれる機能 。Ubuntu( Debian ) の場合ifenslaveで登録されている。 aptitude search ifenslave sudo aptitude install ifenslave sudo vim / etc / network / interface 15 # auto bond0 16 # iface bond0 inet static 17 # address xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx 18 # netmask 255.255.255.0 19 # broadcast xxx.xxx.xxx.255 20 # gateway xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx 21 # dns-nameservers 60.56.XXX.XXX 218.xxx.xxx.xxx 22 # slaves eth0 eth1 23 # sudo vim /etc / modules
/etc/modules たしか/etc/modulesに追記して、起動時に有効になるようにしました。デフォルト値と追加分で次のようになりました。
# /etc /modules : kernel modules to load at boot time .
# #
This file contains the names of kernel modules that should be loaded # at boot time , one per line .
Lines beginning with " # " are ignored .
fuse lp bonding
/etc/modprobe.d/bonding sudo vim /etc/modprobe.d/bonding
#09/07/01追加 #/etc/modprobe.d/bonding に追記(新規作成 ) してbondingの設定をしました。 #bondingは耐障害性と負荷バランシングのmode=0を定義しています。 options bonding mode=0 miimon=200
The Waiting City is an ode to Calcutta
A slew of films in the recently concluded Toronto film festival show India in a new light , says film critic Saibal Chatterjee , who attended the festival .
Western filmmakers are increasingly tapping India for inspiration and locations and perceiving it in a new light .
The runaway global success of Danny Boyle 's Slumdog Millionaire may have triggered the growing focus on the subcontinent , but a spate of new films is going beyond the much flogged India - as - a - land - of - slums - and - squalor syndrome .
Three major films in the official line - up of the 34th Toronto International Film Festival - The Waiting City ( Australia ) , Google Baby ( Israel ) and Cooking with Stella ( Canada ) - narrate Indian stories while eschewing the clichés associated with the country .
The Waiting City , written and directed by Sydney - based Claire McCarthy , is set in bustling , chaotic Calcutta ( Kolkata ) .
But it is a far cry from Roland Joffe 's 1992 cinematic rendition of Dominique Lapierre 's City of Joy and Nicolas Klotz 's La Nuit Bengali ( 1988 ) , based on Romanian philosopher Mircea Eliade 's doomed love affair with a girl from an aristocratic 1950s Calcutta family .
' Love song '
Both the older films had courted controversy during and after their making .
In The Waiting City , an outwardly happy Australian couple arrive in India to take possession of an adopted baby girl .
Red tape holds them up in Calcutta for many weeks .
The delay tests their patience , but they are gradually exposed to facets of the city that change them as human beings .
Stella explores the interface between Indian households and domestic staff Serious differences arise between the two - Fiona ( Radha Mitchell ) is a busy lawyer who cannot get off the mobile phone and the internet ; Ben ( Joel Edgerton ) is a failed but spirited musician who goes out in search of adventure and friends in a strange city - and the couple begin to drift apart .
The relationship reaches breaking point when the mystical and the tragic combine to pull them back from the brink .
" The Waiting City is like a love song to Calcutta , one of my favourite cities in the world , " says McCarthy who , earlier in the decade , spent weeks making a documentary about her younger sister 's voluntary work with Mother Teresa 's Missionaries of Charity .
" The city transforms Fiona and Ben spiritually and emotionally . "
McCarthy , an outsider with deep knowledge and understanding of the city 's rhythms , brings an insider 's view to bear upon the narrative .
" I was determined from the very outset not to perpetuate Western misconceptions about India , " she says .
Similarly , renowned photojournalist Dilip Mehta , a Canadian citizen of Indian origin and director of Cooking with Stella , was mindful of how he was going to project the city of his birth , Delhi .
" I was sensitive to the images of this city , " he says .
" I wanted to show a rather different India .
Of course poverty and despair are huge parts of life in India .. but that is not the world that Cooking with Stella sets out to explore . "
Cooking with Stella , which the director co-wrote with his sister Deepa Mehta , explores the complex interface between urban Indian households and their domestic staff seen through Canadian eyes .
Ethical issues
The film revolves around a Canadian diplomat Maya ( Lisa Ray ) who , along with her chef - husband Michael ( Don McKellar ) and infant daughter , arrives in Delhi .
The long - time housekeeper Stella ( Seema Biswas ) , a divine cook and a charming woman , takes the stay - at - home dad under her wing and teaches him the finer points of south Indian cuisine .
Google Baby focuses on surrogacy
But there is more to this remarkable lady : she skims diplomatic supplies from the pantry to run a duty - free business that supplements her income .
" There is a Stella in every Indian household , " says Mehta .
" We often deny them their identity , their sexuality , their dignity , but they have a way of getting back at us . "
Among the more unusual films screened in Toronto this year was Israeli documentarian Zippi Brand Frank 's Google Baby , which travels across three countries - the US , Israel and India - to unravel the global surrogacy industry .
Sperm is selected in Israel , eggs are developed in labs in the US and wombs are rented in Gujarat , India .
Google Baby focuses on the work of Indian gynaecologist Dr Nayna Patel , whose IVF clinic in Anand provides surrogates who bear babies for foreign couples .
The film raises many ethical and emotional questions without being judgmental .
" Working on Google Baby , I knew I was dealing with the actual application of business rules and commercial dynamics to making babies .
Yet the actual real - life examples were on many occasions surprising and hard to digest , " says Frank .
Hollywood star Julia Roberts has landed in India for the India leg of the shoot of Ryan Murphy 's Eat , Pray , Love , an adaptation of writer and journalist Elizabeth Gilbert 's 2006 spiritual travelogue of the same name .
Gilbert , after a contentious divorce and a bout of depression , had taken off for Italy , India and Indonesia on a year - long voyage of regeneration .
In the film , Roberts plays the protagonist who spends many months in a Hindu ashram to master the art of meditation .
Timeless themes Indeed , regeneration , spiritual and otherwise , seems to be the new buzzword driving the Western gaze on India .
Yes , Madam Sir , is a film on India 's first woman officer
While films like Anurag Kashyap 's Bombay Velvet , being presented by Danny Boyle , and Paul Schrader 's Extreme City , to be produced by Bollywood director Anubhav Sinha , inspired no doubt by Slumdog Millionaire , are reportedly in the works , the focus has shifted to more timeless aspects of India .
Last year , an Australian documentary filmmaker made Yes , Madam Sir , a film about India 's first woman police officer Kiran Bedi and her eventful career .
In 2005 , Dutch - born French filmmaker Jan Kounen came up with Darshan - The Embrace , which extolled the healing power of touch as demonstrated by Kerala - based spiritual leader Mata Amritanandamayi , known to her followers around the world as Amma .
In 2006 , veteran French director Benoit Jacquot 's L'Untouchable told the fictional story of a young Paris actress who learns that her father is a low - caste Hindu .
She travels to India in quest of her identity .
Jacquot imparts an edgy , docu- style frisson to the narrative that records the girl 's life - altering encounters with the teeming country .
Twenty years ago , French filmmaker Alain Corneau , a life - long Indophile , had made Nocturne Indien , the story of a man who comes to India ostensibly in search of a lost friend .
But his quest and the outcome of his voyage assume dimensions well beyond the mere personal and physical .
These films , as well as those that are on the way , owe much of their inspiration to masters like Roberto Rossellini ( ' India : Matri Bhumi ' , 1959 ) and Louis Malle ( ' Phantom India ' and ' Calcutta ' , 1969 ) whose long documentaries about India rank among the greatest films ever made .
With the culturally condescending , poverty - fixated , cliché - ridden Western vision of a populous nation of a million contradictions undergoing marked dilution , a new India is beginning to emerge in the cinema of the world .
Saibal Chatterjee is a film critic and writer of Echoes And Eloquences : The Life And Cinema Of Gulzar
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Hi all , the topic of a " default desktop " was raised in July as a feature [ 1 ] in ouropenFATE feature tracking system by a community member , and it was a subjectof a lively debate within openFATE and on the openSUSE Project mailinglist [ 2 ] .
The default desktop is an issue that many openSUSE users andcontributors are passionate about .
After consideration of the project discussion I discussed the feature requestfurther with the openSUSE Board and other leaders within the openSUSE projectand came to the decision to follow the request : we will default the radiobutton to KDE in the DVD installer .
Therefore , with openSUSE 11.2 release , the KDE desktop will be installed if the user accepts the default setting .
Userscan also choose the GNOME desktop at this stage .
We want to make clear that both desktops are considered equal citizens withinthe openSUSE Project , and this will not have any impact on the quality of theGNOME desktop within openSUSE .
GNOME will continue to be offered as a top - level installation choice , and we will continue to strive to provide the bestGNOME and KDE desktop experience .
Thanks to everyone for conducting the conversation in a professional andcourteous manner and for the quality of feedback we 've received .
This showsthe strength of our community , and it's good to know we can address the toughissues head on and remain focused on the project goals .
BestMichael [ 1 ]
https://features.opensuse.org/306967 [ 2 ]
http://lists.opensuse.org/opensuse-project/2009-08/
-- Michael Löffler , Product ManagementSUSE LINUX Products GmbH - Nürnberg - AG Nürnberg - HRB 16746 - GF : Markus Rex -- To unsubscribe , e-mail : opensuse - project+unsubscribe@xxxxxxxxxxxxFor additional commands , e-mail : opensuse - project+help@xxxxxxxxxxxx
Video : Global drinking ( see images , right , for image legends )
Legend for video , part 1 Legend for video , part 2
Editorial : WHO fires first shots in the war on alcohol
HUMANITY ’s relationship with alcohol has never been easy .
Now it is about to undergo as great a change as our attitude to tobacco , which has seen smoking plummet from the height of cool to the lowest of unpleasant habits .
That at least is the hope of the World Health Organization , which , between now and January , will be honing its draft of the first global strategy on reducing health damage from alcohol …
Rallies , walkouts and teach - ins are scheduled today across the University of California system , with professors , students and staff expected to protest state cutbacks in higher education funding and UC ’s handling of the crisis .
The extent of the protests was hard to predict ; many faculty and students said they were reluctant to skip classes today , the first day of fall classes for the seven undergraduate UC campuses on the quarter calendar .
But large turnouts were expected at lunchtime rallies at many of the system ’s 10 campuses , fueled by anger over pay cuts , rising student fees and reduced class offerings .
At UCLA , classics professor Katherine King said she planned to join a noon rally and then go to the first day of her undergraduate class about ancient epic literature .
There , she said , she would answer questions about the syllabus and assigned readings but would not deliver her usual first - day lecture .
And she planned to encourage discussions about how to keep UC “ a public university affordable to everyone , ” King said .
Advertisement
Bob Samuels , president of UC - American Federation of Teachers , which represents more than 4,000 lecturers and librarians , said the union ’s contract forbids members to cancel classes .
But he expects many teachers to raise the budget issues during class and said some might move their sessions elsewhere to avoid crossing picket lines .
The goal is not to shut down UC , but “ to create enough resistance and difficulty so people talk about the issues , ” said Samuels , a UCLA writing instructor who has been warned that he may be laid off next school year because of the cutbacks .
He and other UC critics contend that the most painful austerities could be avoided by reducing top executives ’ salaries and tapping financial reserves that UC leaders insist have already been spent .
Most of the scheduled protests have been organized by support staff and technical worker unions that are fighting the university system ’s efforts to require furlough days that would cut workers ’ pay from 4 % to 10 % .
UC officials have threatened deeper layoffs if unions do n’t accept furloughs .
UC spokesman Peter King , at the system ’s headquarters in Oakland , said he understood the anger , but added : “ We just wish and hope that they direct that frustration about 90 miles up the road to Sacramento , which is where the problem is . ”
Advertisement
Meanwhile , more than 100 faculty and students from the state ’s other public university system staged a protest Wednesday outside a meeting in Long Beach of the Cal State trustees .
Complete with hearse , a cardboard coffin and bagpipe accompaniment , the demonstrators conducted a mock funeral for the state ’s master plan for higher education and its promises to students of access and low cost .
--
larry.gordon@latimes.com
Sweden 's archbishop is broadly supportive of the move The Lutheran Church of Sweden - the country 's largest - is to conduct same - sex marriages from next month .
Around 70 % of the church 's 250 - strong synod , or church board , voted to back the move , making it one of few global churches to allow gay marriage .
Sweden 's government introduced a new law in May allowing gay couples the same marriage rights as heterosexuals .
Three - quarters of Swedes are members of the Lutheran church , though church attendance is low .
The Lutheran Church says gay couples can now get married by any of its priests from the beginning of November .
Individual priests will not be " forced " to perform same sex ceremonies , though substitutes will have to be found if they refuse .
The church - which split from state control in 2000 - backed the government 's decision to legalise gay marriage in May .
But some clergy had questioned whether church ceremonies - and the term matrimony - should be reserved for heterosexual unions .
Others opposed the move on the grounds it contravened the scriptures .
Limited opposition
In response , the Archbishop of Sweden , Anders Wejryd , told reporters : " For my part , the right decision was taken , but I can empathise with the many who believe this has gone too fast . "
GAY MARRIAGE IN EUROPE Netherlands , legalised in 2000 Belgium , 2003 Spain , 2005 Norway , 2008 Sweden , 2009 Sweden 's largest gay rights group , the Swedish Federation for Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual and Transgender Rights ( RFSL ) , welcomed the move .
" [ We ] congratulate the Church of Sweden for its decision .
[ The church 's ] homosexual and bisexual members will finally be able to feel a little more welcome within society , " the group said in a statement .
Sweden was one of the first countries to give gay couples legal " partnership " rights , in the mid-1990s , and to allow gay couples to adopt children from 2002 .
It become the fifth European country , after the Netherlands , Belgium , Spain and Norway , to recognise same - sex marriage .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
North Wales
Police are quite happy to assert that the law is what a police constable says it is – as opposed to what is written in statute .
This is backed up by a polite note from their Press Department , and what appears to be a slightly less polite piece of online blogging from the Police Constable whose public behaviour raised this issue in the first place .
First the official response .
Last week , El Reg wrote up the story of how a Motorcycle News ( MCN ) reporter attempted to take photos of a car identified by one of its occupants as a firearms vehicle .
According to the police constable involved , he " would not be happy " with such a photograph being taken – because of its special status .
Steve Farrell , a reporter for MCN , can be heard repeatedly asking the police constable to explain what legal powers he has for preventing him from taking such a photograph - and the police officer can be heard repeatedly ignoring the question .
Then , when Farrell takes a photograph , the police constable allegedly snatches the camera from his hands in order to view the picture .
It is very likely that this last action was unlawful , and we have asked North Wales Police to justify this action .
Specifically , we asked about its legality .
We forwarded a link to some detailed questions last week , and followed up with two key questions on Monday :
These were :
- What legal powers does a police officer have to stop someone taking a photograph in these circumstances ?
- Does North Wales believe that grabbing a camera is a lawful act ?
The response we received to our original questions came from a Superintendent Shaw , who wrote : " The officer had valid operational concerns about the vehicle being identified via the media and endeavoured to explain his concerns .
Given those valid concerns the officer had to be guarded in the explanation he provided at the time .
The officer did not object to being photographed and throughout sought the journalist 's cooperation . "
This appears to be the police equivalent of a public immunity defence , insofar as the Superintendent hints at the police officer having the power to act as he did – but that for reasons of operational concern , he needed to be guarded in any explanation he gave of the law .
Again , it is not an answer to any of the key questions in respect of the legality or otherwise of the police officer 's actions .
Meanwhile , the saga took a new and possibly career - suicidal turn at the weekend , as an individual purporting to be the police constable in question posted a series of comments on the MCN page containing the original story and let slip a few indelicate observations about attitudes to policing in North Wales .
The individual , posting under the username plasma10 , writes : " if someone continues to do something when you 've asked them politely not to several times then unfortunately a harder stance has to be taken " .
The poster then goes on to add that the entire interaction had been misrepresented by the MCN journalist only making available a part of the recording of the event .
He claims to have no axe to grind as far as motorcyclists are concerned , explaining that he himself is an avid biker .
He also adds , very clearly , that he is not a police spokesperson , and has not been asked to post the comments in question by his superiors .
A spokesperson for North Wales Police said : " Irrespective of whether or not the person commenting on the forum is a police officer , they make it clear that the views expressed are their personal views and not those of North Wales Police . "
A spokesman for MCN says they cannot confirm or deny any speculation in this regard . ®
He enraged America 's religious right with his portrayal of God as a senile old man in the His Dark Materials trilogy , and now Philip Pullman is set to court more Christian controversy – this time with a novel about " the Scoundrel Christ " .
The book will provide a new account of the life of Jesus , challenging the gospels and arguing that the version in the New Testament was shaped by the apostle Paul .
" By the time the gospels were being written , Paul had already begun to transform the story of Jesus into something altogether new and extraordinary , and some of his version influenced what the gospel writers put in theirs , " said Pullman , who last year pronounced himself delighted that the His Dark Materials trilogy was one of the most " challenged " series in America 's libraries , boasting the most requests for removal from the shelves because of its " religious viewpoint " .
His new book , The Good Man Jesus and the Scoundrel Christ , will be published next Easter as part of Scottish independent press Canongate 's Myths series , which has also seen Margaret Atwood tackle The Odyssey from the perspective of Odysseus 's wife Penelope , Jeanette Winterson retell the myth of Atlas and Heracles and Michel Faber take on Prometheus with a modern retelling which sees an academic discover a fifth gospel .
In Faber 's version , Jesus 's last words on the cross are " please , somebody , please finish me " , and one of his last actions is to urinate on the head of the gospel 's author .
" Paul was a literary and imaginative genius of the first order who has probably had more influence on the history of the world than any other human being , Jesus certainly included .
I believe this is a pity , " said Pullman .
" The story I tell comes out of the tension within the dual nature of Jesus Christ , but what I do with it is my responsibility alone .
Parts of it read like a novel , parts like a history , and parts like a fairy tale ; I wanted it to be like that because it is , among other things , a story about how stories become stories . "
Publisher Jamie Byng said that Pullman 's contribution to the series " strips Christianity bare and exposes the gospels to a new light " .
" The Good Man Jesus and the Scoundrel Christ throws down a challenge and does what all great books do : make the reader ask questions , " he added .
( CNN ) --
If those coveted 20 - something readers can't identify with Hugh Hefner , maybe they will with " The Simpsons . "
Marge Simpson will appear in the November issue of Playboy as the magazine 's first cartoon cover model .
Like nearly everything printed on paper these days , Playboy magazine has been facing tough times .
Advertising pages have dropped 31 percent over the last year , newsstand sales have dried up by 25 percent , and its circulation has dipped to 2.4 million , according to publishing insider Media Industry Newsletter .
Can a blue - haired mother of three deliver the iconic gentleman 's book to a new generation ?
Part commemoration of " The Simpsons ' " 20th anniversary , part nod to the golden days of Playboy , what has become known as " The Marge Simpson Cover " has drummed up more attention for Playboy than the premiere of the original " Girls Next Door . "
But it remains to be seen whether the animated move can open the wallets of a younger generation .
" The shock value always does Playboy very good , " said Media Industry Newsletter online editor - in - chief Steve Cohn .
" This is a novelty one , but it 's no different than a celebrity .
In a sense , Marge has something in common with a woman who 's never done it before , someone like Nancy Sinatra . "
But it 's not exactly shock value Playboy is going for -- more like " hip , cool " and the kind of magazine a 25 - year - old would read .
Maxim , a " lad mag " with an average reader of 29 , also ran a cover of Marge Simpson in 2004 , depicting the d'oh - eyed beauty in a sheer dress on all fours , scrubbing the floor .
" We knew Marge 's pictorial would appeal to a large demographic , " said Playboy editorial director Jimmy Jellinek .
" This cover and pictorial is just another example of how we 're evolving our editorial content to continue to reach men in their 20s , and also maintain the elements of the magazine that have attracted readers for more than 50 years . "
The three - page pictorial , featuring a scantily - clad Marge in cartoon lingerie , was " obviously tongue - in- cheek , " new Playboy CEO Scott Flanders told the Chicago Sun -Times .
" It had never been done , and we thought it would be hip , cool and unusual . "
Playboy 's use of " hip " is n't the only thing retro-cool -- the cover is a clear nod to the empire 's peak in the 1970s .
Marge 's now infamous image , itself considered to be groundbreaking as the first cartoon character to land a Playboy cover , was inspired by another bunny - eared milestone :
The October 1971 issue featured Darine Stern , the first black woman to pose on a Playboy cover .
Darine Stern 's picture on the October 1971 cover served as the inspiration for Playboy 's November 2009 cover .
" We decided to re-create [ it ] because it 's one of our most iconic covers , " Jellinek said , " and because Marge 's sexy blue beehive immediately made us think of Darine Stern , whose beautiful , voluminous hairdo was front and center on the October 1971 cover . "
For Hefner , " Marge Simpson is the quintessential girl next door who stole our hearts 20 years ago and has held them captive ever since .
We were delighted to learn she wanted to grace the pages of our magazine .
Her pictorial is truly stunning , " he told CNN .
This move comes on the heels of a disappointing first half of 2009 , during which Playboy lost some attention from the demographic it does have -- the average reader is a 35 - year - old male .
The magazine came in 200,000 short of its 2.6 million rate base -- the minimum circulation a magazine promises to advertisers -- according to BusinessWeek .
Playboy 's lackluster showing as of late can be attributed to two things , Cohn said .
One , the audience transferred some of their desire for tastefully disrobed women to the Web .
Second , Hugh Hefner got old .
" The reason for their audience shift can be seen in Hugh Hefner .
I went to college in the '70s and Hefner was in his 40s back then .
He was the symbol for what kind of guy I wanted to be , " Cohn said .
" Now he 's in his 80s -- it 's hard to identify with someone like that .
That 's a problem for Playboy . "
But , Jellinek said , " Playboy is a state of mind and a way of being , not a pre-prescribed age .
We knew this was something that all of our readers would enjoy , because the show has been on for 20 years and it resonates with adults of all ages . "
The " Simpson " - ized Playboy will be available at newsstands Friday .
All About Playboy Enterprises Inc. • Hugh Hefner • Magazines • The Simpsons ( TV Show )
He was face down on the steering wheel , with a bullet wound in the back of his head .
The car windows were smashed .
Blood was smeared over its seats and dashboard .
When police identified the victim as 52 - year - old Christian Poveda , they confirmed what onlookers already suspected : this was n't just random murder , it was a gangland execution .
Poveda , a French documentary - maker , was gunned down in the early hours on Wednesday as he drove through Tonacatepeque , a semi-rural area 10 miles outside San Salvador .
It was a senselessly violent end to a career spent exposing the senseless violence that has for years plagued El Salvador for years .
The killing was also predictable .
Poveda had made himself a marked man , thanks to his film La Vida Loca ( Crazy Life ) , which chronicled daily life among the 30,000 - odd gang members whose activities have turned the tiny Central American nation of 5.5 million into one of the most dangerous places in the Western hemisphere , outside of a war zone .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Such had been the impact of the 90 - minute documentary , exposing the dangerous lives and depressing backgrounds of tattooed gang members who battle for control of drug , prostitution and extortion rackets , that his murder sparked an immediate wave of political revulsion .
El Salvador 's new President , Mauricio Funes , said he was " shocked " and " devastated , " and vowed to crack down on gang violence .
The Public Safety Minister , Manuel Melgar , announced that he deplored the " repugnant and reproachable criminal act " and vowed police would work tirelessly to find the killers .
They may not have far to look .
Poveda died en route from La Campanera , a suburb regarded as a stronghold of the notorious Mara 18 , a gang known as " la dieciocho " whose long - running turf war with the Mara Salvatrucha claimed an estimated 3,700 of the staggering 5,000 lives lost to gang violence in El Salvador last year .
He 'd already spent 16 months in the area making La Vida Loca , which has been televised locally and hits French cinemas later this month .
The compelling film shows disturbing images of gang members shot in the streets , relatives crying over coffins , public beatings , and young men and women with faces covered by tattoos of gang logos .
Poveda witnessed seven murders during filming and three of the victims featured heavily in the documentary .
Their stories were often bizarrely touching .
In part of the film , he follows " Wizard , " a young mother who had lost her eye in a fight and is interviewed undergoing a series of treatments to be fitted with a glass eye .
She is later shot and killed .
Another tale which portrays the ugly pointlessness of gang life revolves around " Little One " , a 19 - year - old woman who joined a gang because the alternative was unemployment and poverty .
She was once pretty ; now she has a tattoo of the number 18 stretching from her eyebrows to her cheeks .
" I knew right from the start that I could n't film just one character , for a variety of reasons , " Poveda said in an interview about the film .
" Firstly they get bored after a couple of months and do n't want to be filmed any more .
Secondly they get put in jail .
Or thirdly , they get killed . "
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
The result of his efforts was a brilliantly reviewed film which had an impact that went beyond grim voyeurism , highlighting the social neglect and poverty that turns young Salvadoreans to crime .
It has yet to secure a UK release , but has been widely feted on the European film festival circuit .
" We have to understand why a 12 - or 13 - year - old child joins a gang and gives his life to it , " said Poveda , when asked what lesson he wanted viewers to draw from the film .
" [ They ] have terrible family problems or come from poor families who do n't have time to take care of their children .
They are victims of society , our society . "
At times , La Vida Loca – which gets its name , bizarrely , from a Ricky Martin pop song – sets itself at odds with the forces of law and order .
It is highly critical , for example , of a police crackdown on gang members that resulted in one of Poveda 's subjects , " Moreno " , sent to prison for homicide – and simultaneously led to a huge increase in local violence .
The film also provides a history lesson .
El Salvador 's violent present has its roots in a brutal civil war that began in 1979 , when Communist revolutionaries attempted to overthrow a US - sponsored military junta that had seized power .
The conflict lasted 13 years , and saw 75,000 people killed , including 35,000 civilians .
When the fighting stopped , an impoverished and divided country was left behind .
Its problems were aggravated when the US began expelling thousands of refugees .
Many of the deportees were gang members .
Thousands had served prison sentences in America .
Today , El Salvador 's gang violence is controlled by these men and women and financed by drug exports to the US .
It is carried out by weapons bought there .
" Gangs are the result of catastrophic policies used in El Salvador , as well as by the United States , " Poveda told The Los Angeles Times .
" It 's important to understand that the US bears [ some of ] the blame for all this . "
Poveda was a prominent journalist before he became a film - maker .
The son of refugees from the Spanish Civil War , who was brought up in France in the 1960s , he first came to El Salvador as a photographer for Time magazine .
He later covered wars in Iran , Iraq , Lebanon and other countries before returning in the 1990s to dedicate himself to documenting the Salvadoran gangs .
No one knows exactly what lay behind his murder this week .
Indeed , he was thought to have a constructive working relationship with the bosses of most major gangs .
However some colleagues believe his close contact with Mara 18 might have angered members of Mara Salvatrucha .
" Christian was not overly worried until recently , " said a fellow journalist Alan Mingam , who issued a tribute through Reporters Without Borders .
" His film had been shown on [ television ] and pirate copies were circulating in Salvador , sold for a euro each .
Some gangs then accused him of making business out of them , but the bosses calmed them down .
" He had real recognition in this world , and the gangs sometimes asked him to act as a mediator .
Even the President ... consulted him on the way in which to make progress . "
Recently , amid widespread debate over his film , Poveda had even said that he trusted El Salvador 's gang members .
" As savage as they can be , they 're people of their word .
They 're very well structured organisations , and the decision made by a gang is the final one .
From the moment I understood that , I had no problems .
I was never afraid of them . "
Maybe , in the ugly world of El Salvador 's notorious gangs , he was ultimately guilty of trusting people a little bit too much .
Victims of their convictions
* While cycling to work in Amsterdam in November 2004 , the Dutch film - maker Theo van Gogh was shot and then stabbed to death by Mohammed Bouyeri , a radical Islamist .
A critic of fundamentalist Islam , Van Gogh had released Submission , a film about abuse against Muslim women .
* Roberto Saviano exposed the secrets of the Neapolitan mafia in his best - selling book Gomorrah ( which later became a film of the same name ) .
He now lives under police protection in fear of his life .
* Taslima Nasrin has been living in exile from her native Bangladesh since 1994 , after receiving death threats from Islamist groups and being charged with blasphemy following the publication of her novel Lajja ( Shame ) in 1993 .
HAMMOND , Louisiana ( CNN ) --
The actions of a justice of the peace in Louisiana who refused to issue a marriage license to an interracial couple have prompted some top officials , including Gov. Bobby Jindal , to call for his dismissal .
Beth Humphrey and Terence McKay say they were denied a marriage license because of their race .
Jindal said the state judiciary committee should review the incident in which Keith Bardwell , justice of the peace for Tangipahoa Parish 's 8th Ward , refused to issue a marriage license to Beth Humphrey , 30 , and her boyfriend , Terence McKay , 32 , both of Hammond .
" This is a clear violation of constitutional rights and federal and state law .
...
Disciplinary action should be taken immediately -- including the revoking of his license , " the Republican governor said .
Sen . Mary L. Landrieu , D- Louisiana , said the committee should " use its authority to have Justice Bardwell dismissed from his position . "
" Not only does [ Bardwell 's ] decision directly contradict Supreme Court rulings , it is an example of the ugly bigotry that divided our country for too long , " she said .
Watch Terence McKay react to the denial of a marriage license »
Bardwell has not returned repeated calls from CNN this week .
However , Bardwell told Hammond 's Daily Star in a story published Thursday that he was concerned for the children who might be born of the relationship and that , in his experience , most interracial marriages do n't last .
" I 'm not a racist , " Bardwell told the newspaper .
" I do ceremonies for black couples right here in my house .
My main concern is for the children . "
Bardwell , stressing that he could n't personally endorse the marriage , said his wife referred the couple to another justice of the peace .
The bride says the case boils down to discrimination .
Humphrey said on Thursday that she called Bardwell on October 6 to ask about getting a marriage license , and was asked by his wife whether it would be an interracial marriage .
Humphrey said she was told that Bardwell does not sign off on interracial marriages .
She said the couple , who received their marriage license October 9 from another justice of the peace in the same parish , have reached out to an attorney to determine their next step .
" We would like him to resign , " she said .
" He does n't believe he 's being racist , but it is racist . "
Patricia Morris , president of the NAACP branch of Tangipahoa Parish said her NAACP chapter has forwarded the case to the state and national levels of the civil rights group .
" He 's an elected public official and one of his duties is to marry people .
He does n't have the right to say he does n't believe in it , " Morris said Thursday .
" If he does n't do what his position calls for him to do , he should resign from that position . "
According to the Census Bureau , Tangipahoa Parish is about 70 percent white and 30 percent black .
The U.S. Supreme Court tossed out any racially based limitations on marriage in the landmark 1967 Loving v. Virginia case .
In the unanimous decision , the court said that " Under our Constitution , the freedom to marry , or not marry , a person of another race resides with the individual and cannot be infringed by the state . "
CNN 's Samira Simone contributed to this report .
All About Louisiana • NAACP
If the future could be somehow wrangled from an abstract concept and transformed into a city , that city would of course be Tokyo .
And riding the streets of that future - tropolis would be a cyclist wearing the iPhone ARider Bicycle Navigation System , a helmet mounted display that hooks into the iPhone .
Designed by future - mongers Ubiquitous Entertainment , the ARider consists of a mount on top of the helmet for an iPhone 3GS , which keeps the handset horizontal and lets the compass - guided maps swing freely .
The iPhone is connected to a flip - out display which puts the map in front of the cyclist ’s eye : a safe , always available HUD .
The display itself is an off - the - shelf unit from the Scalar Corporation , and is small and light enough to simply be Scotch - taped to the helmet .
A wire runs video from the iPhone , but as the built - in Maps application offers no video - out signal , the folks at Ubiquitous Entertainment wrote their own application which sends video to the HMD ( Helmet Mounted Display ) .
The result is an always visible map that , although not very sharp or of high enough resolution to replace the iPhone ’s screen , will give enough directional and distance information to guide the rider along city streets .
I ’d love to try this , and maybe we ’ll see a real product in the future : Ubiquitous Entertainment is no tiny garage - band of a company .
It does business with the likes of NTT DoCoMo and Konami .
Product page [ Zeptotools via Zikkir and Core77 ]
BT has abandoned plans to roll out Phorm 's controversial web monitoring and profiling system across its broadband network , claiming it needs to concentrate resources on network upgrades .
Privacy activists have greeted the news as a victory for their campaign against the firm , which was sparked by revelations in The Register that BT had secretly trialled Phorm 's advertising targeting system on tens of thousands of customers .
Alex Hanff , a prominent member of the campaign , who was recently publicly attacked by Phorm on its rebuttal website , said : " I am obviously ecstatic .
My heartfelt thanks go to everyone who has been involved . "
BT 's announcement comes a day before MPs and peers of the All Party Parliamentary Communications Group are due to begin an investigation of internet privacy .
Their intervention follows the EU 's move to sue the UK government over its alleged failure to properly implement European privacy laws with respect to the trials , drawing further bad publicity to the venture .
The decision deals a massive blow to Phorm .
At the time of writing , its shares were trading down more than 25 per cent at £ 3.53 .
BT Retail is the largest ISP in the UK with about 4.8 million subscribers .
It was a close partner in the development of Phorm 's technology .
Stratis Scleparis - chief technology officer at BT Retail at the time of the secret trials - was convinced enough of the money - making potential of the system to take a job and share options with the smaller firm .
BT 's public statement today adopted Google 's preferred " interest based advertising " terminology .
It made no mention of the fierce reaction to its relationship with Phorm .
" We continue to believe the interest based advertising category offers major benefits for consumers and publishers alike .
However , given our public commitment to developing next generation broadband and television services in the UK , we have decided to weigh up the balance of resources devoted to other opportunities , " it said .
" Given these resource commitments , we do n't have immediate plans to deploy Webwise today .
However , the interest based advertising market is extremely dynamic and we intend to monitor Phorm 's progress with other ISPs and with Webwise Discover before finalising our plans . "
Webwise Discover is a sideline in content targeting announced last month .
In a statement to investors , Phorm sought to soothe worries BT 's decision may jeopardise its business .
It was also forced to sell a large chunk of equity at a much reduced price last month , in order to maintain operations .
" We continue to focus considerable effort on faster moving overseas opportunities .
In so doing we have already minimised our dependency on the deployment by any single ISP or in any particular market , " it said , adding that it was " engaged " with ISPs in 15 worldwide markets .
Virgin Media , which has not carried out any network trials of Phorm 's technology , issued a statement reacting to BT 's decision .
It signed a memorandum of understanding with Phorm , similar to BT's , as did TalkTalk .
These were not commitments to deploy the system however .
It said : " We continue to believe interest - based advertising has potentially important benefits for consumers , internet service providers and website owners .
However , given the fast moving nature of the sector , Virgin Media intends to extend its review of potential opportunities with suppliers , including Phorm , prior to making any commitment to launch any of these technologies .
" We recognise some consumers have significant concerns about the potential implications of interest - based advertising for their privacy .
Virgin Media is committed to ensuring that any future deployment complies not only with the relevant legal requirements but - as an absolute minimum - the best practice guidelines contained in the Internet Advertising Bureau 's recently published code of practice . "
The cable firm said it would be open with customers about its plans as they develop .
Phorm 's June fundraising round brought in £ 15 m .
It has predicted it will spend £ 1.1 m per month this year for zero revenue , although its last financial report revealed it had made cuts to stem even greater losses last year . ®
Tiny car seen on Front street at Jarvis .
When the sun rises over our capital city this morning , its denizens will awake to a truly novel tale :
The aggrieved ex-staffer — wait for it !— disillusioned by Washington .
The tome out today is by former Bush speechwriter Matt Latimer , who describes the White House as " less like Aaron Sorkin 's The West Wing and more like The Office . "
In Mr. Latimer 's hands , it reads more like " The Princess Diaries , " full of hurt feelings and high - schoolish drama .
Like all kiss and tells , " Speechless : Tales of a White House ...
James Bennett wrote to me the other day to ask for help with a problem using coverage .
py .
Some code he was measuring behaved very strangely : according to coverage .py , the first half of the function was executing , but the second half was n’t .
And this was happening for a whole group of functions .
These were test functions for XML - producing Django views , and each parsed the XML .
The call to the XML parsed was the last function executed each time , none of the lines after it were detected as run .
My first thought was that the XML parsing was throwing an exception , the simplest explanation for why execution would stop in the middle of a function .
It made sense , since it was a similar operation in each function exhibiting this behavior .
And James had already had another problem with this same code where an unexpected exception was throwing off his tests .
But James is a clever boy , and proved that exceptions were not to blame by adding asserts , print statements and so on .
The lines were really being executed , but coverage .
py did n’t think they were .
Something more interesting and unusual was at work .
I broke out my old quip :
I learn something new every day , no matter how hard I try .
To understand what happened here , I need to explain a little about how coverage .
py works .
Python provides a trace feature : you register a function with sys.settrace ( ) , and it is called as code is executed .
It is passed an event argument indicating what happened : “ call ” for entering a new scope , “ return ” for leaving a scope , “ line ” for a line of code executed , and “ exception ” for an exception being raised .
One of the changes I made in coverage .
py 3.0 was to write a more sophisticated trace function which uses the nesting of call and return events to keep track of what file we ’re running in and whether to record execution in that file .
Back to the bug : after an intensive day of adding extensive logging to the trace function and poring over 1000 - line log files , I found a sequence like this :
line expatbuilder .py 222
line expatbuilder .py 223
call pyexpat.c 905
call expatbuilder .py 892
line expatbuilder .py 894
line expatbuilder .py 900
exception expatbuilder .py 900
return expatbuilder .py 900
exception pyexpat.c 905
exception expatbuilder .py 223
line expatbuilder .py 225
line expatbuilder .py 226
The first odd thing to note about this is the third line , where we seem to be entering a new scope at line 905 of pyexpat .c .
That ’s odd because the trace function does n’t get called for execution in C files , only in Python files !
And then further down , there ’s an exception at line 905 in pyexpat.c , but no return from that line .
All my experience with trace functions said that “ call ” and “ return ” events would always match .
If a scope is left due to an exception being thrown , then there would be an “ exception ” event and a “ return ” event , like we see a little higher , at line 900 of expatbuilder .
py .
Digging into pyexpat .c itself reveals a strange thing : for some reason , this module calls the trace function explicitly , using “ pyexpat.c ” as a file name .
That explains how the trace function could see inside C code : it can ’t , this module alone among all of the modules in the Python distribution calls the trace function to report on what it is doing .
I have no idea why .
And further , it does it a little wrong : in the other place where the trace function is called , the interpreter itself , exceptions always generate a return event when they leave a scope .
Pyexpat does n’t do this : if an exception comes up through the C code , it will generate an exception event , but no return event to indicate the scope is exiting .
My trace function counts on matching call and return events to keep the bookkeeping straight .
What was happening in James ’ code is that inside the XML parser , an exception is being thrown ( something that happens internally when parsing doctype declarations ) , which caused a return event to be skipped , which threw off my trace function ’s bookkeeping , which made it think that James ’ code was actually inside the XML parser module , which is code that should n’t be measured ( since it is part of the Python standard library , and who wants to measure that ) , so the second half of James ’ code was n’t measured .
Whew .
Mystery solved , now what to do about it ?
The first order of business was to write a test showing the problem .
It took a while to get a small code sample , because without a doctype declaration in the XML chunk , there was no internal exception to throw off the event pairing .
The line numbers in the logging files helped me figure out the source of the exception .
I took a few stabs at fixing the problem , because I was hoping for a general approach to the problem of detecting mis-matched call and return pairs , but I did n’t see a way to do that .
In the end I took the unfortunate step of checking for “ pyexpat.c ” in the file name reported to the trace function , and assuming that an exception event from there needed a missing return event to be synthesized .
You can see the unfortunate blot in the tracer code for yourself .
For good measure , I wrote a bug against pyexpat , but I ’ll be surprised if anything is done about it .
In fact , I kind of hope nothing is , since I ’ll have to further complicate my workaround if there are newer versions of pyexpat that do the right thing .
OK , problem fixed , time to run my newly - enhanced test suite against all the versions of Python that coverage .
py supports , 2.3 through 2.6 .
Uh-oh : 2.3 failed .
Yet more digging , and it turns out that Python 2.3 does n’t properly match call and return trace events : it shows the same problem with Python code that pyexpat does .
In Python 2.3 , an exception that leaves a scope will fire an exception event but no return event .
D’oh !
2.3 is on the trailing edge of my support list , so I ’m not willing to twist the code too badly for it , but I want to make it work .
In coverage .
py 3.0 , there are two trace functions : a fast one in C , and a slow one in Python for installations that can’t build the C extension .
I did n’t want to complicate the C extension , so to keep Python 2.3 working , I tweaked the Python trace function .
Now Python 2.3 always uses the Python trace function , which is too bad , since the C implementation is much faster .
But it ’s better than dropping support for Python 2.3 altogether .
This style of development is unfortunately par for the course for coverage .
py .
It ’s a natural outcome of a few goals I have for it :
Accuracy : coverage .py ’s job is to help developers understand their code .
It has to give accurate information , or it ’s just adding new mysteries for them to solve .
Claiming lines are n’t executed when they are executed is unacceptable .
Applicability : if you are building real code in Python , coverage .
py should work for you .
This means it ca n’t opt out of older Python versions , or specific modules from the standard library .
Convenience : it should n’t be a burden to run coverage testing on your code , it should be fast and easy .
I wish I did n’t have to have pyexpat - specific code in the trace function , but I do n’t see a way to avoid it .
People should be able to measure code coverage of XML parsing code without having to read a footnote somewhere that says it does n’t work .
Update : Funny how things work out .
I had worked on this bug for a day or two , trying all sorts of ways to fix it .
I thought I had found the best way , even though it was n’t very nice .
Then I wrote this blog post , and Andre commented on it , saying he thought there had to be a better way .
While I was writing a response along the lines of , “ no , there really is n’t , and here ’s why , ” a new idea occurred to me .
Each event is passed the frame object .
The essence of a return event is that the next event will be in a different frame .
Not only that , but we know what frame it will be in : the parent of the return event .
When an exception event happens , there are two possibilities :
the exception is being caught , and the next event will be a line event in the same frame .
the exception is causing us to leave the scope , and the next event will be a return event in the same frame .
Either way , the event after an exception should be in the same frame .
If the return event is incorrectly skipped , the next event will be something happening in the parent of the exception ’s frame .
So that ’s now how I detect missing return events : when an exception happens , record the parent frame pointer .
If the next event happens in that frame , then we ’re missing a return , and can fake one .
I did n’t do the more straightforward thing of recording the frame the exception happened in , and checking against that , because by the time we get the next wrong event , that frame has been destroyed , and I did n’t like keeping a stale pointer to check against .
This fix is much nicer :
There ’s no hard - coding of “ pyexpat.c ” in the code ,
If pyexpat is ever fixed , this code will still work , and
Python 2.3 can still be handled by the C trace function .
Thanks everyone , for being my sounding board !
The new nicer fix is viewable on bitbucket .
BTW : I wanted to say , “ thanks for being my wooden Indian , ” from an idea I read about ( I thought ) on the c2.com wiki about how if you explain something to someone , they do n’t have to respond at all , just the act of talking it through will help you understand it better , so you might as well explain your problem to a wooden Indian .
But I can find no trace of it now .
( The Frisky ) -- I 've had a bumpy ride as a single gal and have dated many guys who were n't worth my time .
But that does n't mean a girl can't be a dud , too !
Case in point ?
That tragic and recently cancelled VH1 show " Megan Wants a Millionaire , " about a girl who was looking for a rich man to pay the bills .
For all you men out there , check out the 13 signs that you may be dating a loser .
See someone you recognize ?
If you 're smart , you 'll lose her .
1. Dirty - flirty double standard :
She flirts with dudes in front of you , shamelessly .
Then , she gets super mad and makes a scene if you so much as give a cute waitress your order .
2 . She needs to do everything with you :
It 's one thing to share experiences , but it 's another thing to need someone to hold your hand all the time .
When it goes beyond wanting to spending time together to demanding it constantly , you have to wonder , what 's her problem ?
3 . Party pooper :
She 's mopey when you 're not giving her 100 percent of your attention .
When you start having fun , she wants to leave .
4 . Sex as a weapon : Putting out is the bartering chip she 's been using since her school days , but it 's a cheap ploy .
A clever woman who respects herself does n't have to abuse her sexual power .
5 . Baby , I 'm yours :
She wants to have kids so she can stop working and mooch off you .
Now who 's the child ?
The Frisky : 10 reasons not to have kids
6 . High - maintenance mama :
She 's constantly complaining and barking orders .
Everyone around her rolls their eyes at her demands .
Why does n't she get off her duff and do it herself ?
The Frisky :
What 's wrong with being selfish ?
7. Friend indeed :
She forces you to show off to her lady friends with grand displays of obedience , love , and virility .
But she never wants to hang out with you and your best bros .
Why is it she expects people to think she 's impressive when she never does anything to impress them ?
8. Parent trap :
She blames her life 's problems on her parents , yet she depends on them , a lot .
The Frisky -- 22 things to teach sons about dating
9. Social climber :
She 's always looking for someone richer to kiss up to .
When it comes to making new friends , she 's a total snob .
10 .
Beauty is only skin deep :
She thinks she should be famous , but she has n't done anything to warrant admiration besides look pretty .
The Frisky : Narcissism keeping you single ?
11 . Eau de desperation :
She reeks of needing a man , and she will stop at nothing to bag one .
When she 's single , her female friends even feel like they have to hide their boyfriends for fear she will try to pounce .
12 . One - way street :
You 're constantly doing things for her , but , as Janet Jackson would put it , " What have you done for me lately ? "
If she 's going to act like a princess , why does n't she treat you like the prince of a gentleman you are ?
The Frisky : Enough with the princess routine !
13 .
Go fish :
She 's always looking for compliments .
You have to constantly reassure her that she 's amazing , but her response always seems to say : " I know . "
TM & © 2009 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved
All About Dating
Gene therapy has been rhapsodized and vilified in its nearly two decades of human testing , helping some and making others sicker .
But a new 12 - month clinical trial has shown that , at least in one ocular disease , it appears safe and — perhaps even more impressive — effective .
The research , part of a phase I clinical trial to test the safety of the treatment , was published as a letter to the editor in The New England Journal of Medicine earlier this week and will be in the September issue of Human Gene Therapy .
( The paper was co-authored by about a dozen researchers , two of whom own equity in a company that could profit from a commercialized version of this procedure . )
The researchers report that three young adults with severe vision impairment from a hereditary disease maintained improved eyesight a year after gene therapy was administered — and did n't suffer any health side effects in the meantime .
Gene therapy , which often employs viruses to deliver the good genes to a body 's target cells , has been known to trigger severe immune responses and was blamed for the death of an 18 - year - old in 1999 , who was receiving gene therapy for a hereditary metabolic disorder .
The test subjects suffer from Leber congenital amaurosis ( LCA ) , a form of hereditary retinal degeneration that occurs in infants and young children and is relatively rare .
Most people who have lost vision due to hereditary retinal degeneration have either no photoreceptors with which to perceive light or photoreceptors that do n't work .
" This disease has a little bit of both , " explains lead study author Artur Cideciyan , an associate research professor at the Scheie Eye Institute at the University of Pennsylvania .
" It 's a complex disease . "
The participants , ages 22 to 25 , all had a mutation on the RPE65 gene , the signature of LCA .
Doctors administered normal RPE65 ( delivered via an rAAV2 vector ) into a site on one of the retinas that had the most photoreceptors left .
And , Cideciyan says , " Within weeks of the procedure there was a substantial , very significant improvement in sensitivity to see dim lights . "
Those in the study were n't entirely blind before the therapy .
In fact , Cideciyan notes , " some of them can read , " but by that he means they can see the ' E ' at the top of a standard vision chart .
" That does not represent the visual inability that they have because they also have a large loss of sensitivity of light …
So they may be able to read on a high - contrast chart , but they are further disabled in less light environments . "
What has been more surprising to the researchers is not that the improvements have held for the year — that much had already been documented in animal studies — but that , at least in one of the patients , the therapy helped train the eye to see better .
" It can completely bypass the dysfunction so it can give as much vision as there are retained receptors . "
One patient reported that she was newly able , about a year after the treatment , to see the digital clock in the family car .
Cideciyan attributes that not to continued improvement of the photoreceptors themselves but to the retraining of the visual system to take advantage of the treated areas of the retina .
Despite having a checkered past , gene therapy seemed like a promising option for many patients with this disease .
There were more volunteers than could be accommodated in this trial , Cideciyan noted .
But the treatment is n't out of the woods yet .
The research team will continue the study for a full three years , as is required by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) for a phase I clinical trial .
And the participants will be monitored for 15 years for health impacts , as is required by the FDA for any gene - therapy trials .
Following the end of the first trial , there will be two more — to test the treatment 's efficacy — before it can be approved for commercial use on the market .
Cideciyan admits that the encouraging results are only for a rare condition , but he hopes that with continued research , it will " have huge potential for much more common diseases . "
StopSleepParalysis.org is dedicated to showing people how to stop sleep paralysis experiences , as well as prevent them from coming back .
Despite what traditional medicine says , this common but terrifying affliction is easily curable .
We hope to provide all the information you will need to do this on this site , but if you have more questions about how to stop sleep paralysis , or need individual help , you can email us .
Click to view the ad
He says ” make it Illegal to ration Healthcare based on Age . to me thats Medicare for all ?
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
President Obama has declared that “ the challenges of a new century demand more time in the classroom . ”
Yet the State of Hawaii , where Obama himself graduated from a top private high school , has just signed a budget - cutting contract with its teachers ’ union paring 17 Fridays from the remainder of school year , but leaving teachers with nine paid holidays and six paid “ teacher planning ” days .
At 163 instructional days , Hawaii ’s public school calendar is now the shortest in the nation , and only 90 % of the 180 days required by law for private schools in most parts of the country .
The State of Hawaii spends $ 11,060 per student , with more than a quarter of the State ’s entire general budget going to the department of education .
Yet the educational system turns out students ranking 47th in the country in eighth - grade reading and math .
By comparison , tuition at Hawaii ’s private schools averages $ 10,078 .
With a recipe for disaster looming for Hawaii ’s public school children — fewer days in schools that already under - perform the rest of the nation — now is a good time for Hawaii ’s taxpayers to demand a refund of their tax dollars and for the State to privatize its schools .
This can be done through teachers / and or parents owning the schools ( as detailed in our book , “ Can Teachers Own their Own Schools ? ” ) ; by selling or turning individual schools over to non-profit or for - profit entities as appropriate ; letting the market create alternatives ; and letting those that fail , close .
The record shows that lower taxes result in an increase in charitable giving among Americans , so Hawaiians left with more of their own money could be expected to contribute to non-profit schools directly and / or to programs such as our Independent Scholarship
Fund which provides private tuition vouchers for lower - income families to send their children to private schools .
Experience has shown that all schools — public and private — improve where competition exists , and there ’s every reason to suppose this would be Hawaii ’s experience as well .
It ’s time for Hawaii ’s parents to demand the same freedom of choice the Obamas have exercised in selecting a private education for their daughters .
After all , that ’s now the only way they can accede to Obama ’s call for “ more time in the classroom . ”
Posted on by steve blank
Investors sitting through Incubator or Accelerator demo days have three metrics to judge fledgling startups – 1 ) great looking product demos , 2 ) compelling PowerPoint slides , and 3 ) a world - class team .
Other than “ I ’ll know it when I see it ” , there ’s no formal way for an investor to assess project maturity or quantify risks .
Other than measuring engineering progress , there ’s no standard language to communicate progress .
What ’s been missing for everyone is :
a common language for investors to communicate objectives to startups a language corporate innovation groups can use to communicate to business units and finance data that investors , accelerators and incubators can use to inform selection
Teams can prove their competence and validate their ideas by showing investors evidence that there ’s a repeatable and scalable business model .
While it does n’t eliminate great investor judgment , pattern recognition skills and mentoring , we ’ve developed an Investment Readiness Level tool that fills in these missing pieces .
Background about the Investment Readiness Level here and here .
While the posts were theory I was a bit surprised when John Selep , an early - stage investor , approached me and said he was actually using the Investment Readiness Level ( IRL ) in practice .
Here ’s John ’s story .
—
As Selections Committee chair for our Sacramento Angels investor group , I review applications from dozens of startup entrepreneurs looking for investment .
I also mentor at our local university , and guest - lecture at a number of Entrepreneurship courses on how to pitch to investors , so the task of helping students and entrepreneurs visualize the process of investor decision - making has often been a challenge .
When I first read about the Investment Readiness Level ( IRL ) on Steve ’s blog , I was excited by Steve ’s attempt to bridge the capital - efficient Lean Startup process for founders with the capital - raising process for funders .
But the ‘ ah - hah ! ’ moment for me was the realization that I could apply the IRL framework to dramatically improve the guidance and mentorship I was providing to startup company founders .
Prior to having the Investment Readiness Level framework , this “ how to get ready for an investor ” discussion had been a “ soft ” conceptual discussion .
The Investment Readiness Level makes the stages of development for the business very tangible .
Achieving company milestones associated with the next level on the Investment Readiness Level framework is directly relevant to the capital - raising process .
I use the Investment Readiness Level as part of my sessions to help the students understand that being ready for investment means that besides having a pretty PowerPoint , they need to do real work and show Customer Development progress .
Since I began incorporating the Investment Readiness Level framework I ’ve made three observations .
The Investment Readiness Level ( IRL ) :
Ties the Lean methodology ( and capital efficiency ) directly to the capital - raising process – closing the loop and tying these two processes together .
Is Prescriptive – offers founders a “ what - you - need - to - do - next ” framework to reach a higher level of readiness .
Enables better mentoring .
The IRL provides a vocabulary and framework for shifting the conversation between investors and entrepreneurs from simply “ No ” , to the much - more - helpful “ Not yet – but here ’s what you can do… ” .
Tying Fundraising to the Lean Startup
The premise of the Lean Startup is that a startup ’s initial vision is really just a series of untested hypotheses , and that the Customer Development process is a systematic approach to ‘ getting out of the building ’ and testing and validating each of those hypotheses to discover a repeatable , scalable business model .
The Investment Readiness Level adds to this methodology by tying each phase of this discovery process or ‘ hypothesis - validation ’ to milestones representing a startup ’s increasing readiness for investor support and capital investment .
For investors this is a big idea .
I remind entrepreneurs that investors are implicitly seeking evidence of progress and milestones ( but until the Investment Readiness Level never knew how to ask for it ) .
Entrepreneurs should always communicate their business ’ very latest stage of customer development as part of their investor presentation .
Given that a startup is continually learning weekly , the entrepreneur ’s investor presentation will evolve on a weekly basis as well , reflecting their latest progress .
In our Angel investor group , our Applicant Selections process ranks applicant companies relative to the other applicants .
In the past , the ranking process relied on our Selection Committee members having an intuitive “ feel ” for whether a startup was worth considering for investment .
As part of our screening process , I ’ve embraced the Investment Readiness Level ( IRL ) framework as a more - precise way to think through where applicant companies would rank .
( BTW , this does not mean that the IRL framework has been embraced by rest of our Selections committee – organizational adoption is a lot more complicated than an individual adopting a framework . )
I believe the IRL framework offers a more - precise method to discuss and describe ‘ maturity ’ , and will likely become a more explicit part of our selections discussion in the year ahead .
Investment Readiness Level is Prescriptive
At first blush the Investment Readiness Level framework is a diagnostic tool – it can be used to gauge how far a business has progressed in its Customer Development process .
A supposition is that startups that have validated hypotheses about key elements of their business have reduced the risks in launching their new business and are more ready for investment .
But the IRL is more than a diagnostic .
It enables a much richer investor -> founder dialog about exactly what milestones a startup has actually achieved , and ties that discussion to the stages of the business ’ Customer Development and business development progress .
In the same way that Osterwalder ’s Business Model Canvas provides a common vocabulary and enables a rich discussion and understanding of exactly what comprises the business ’ design and business model , the IRL provides a common set of metrics and enables a rich discussion and understanding of just where the startup is in the maturity of its processes .
This means the IRL is also a Prescriptive tool .
No matter where a startup is in its stage of development , the immediate next stage milestone – where the entrepreneurs should focus their attention next – is immediately clear .
Although every business is unique , and every business model emerges and evolves in its own unique way , the logical sequencing of incremental discovery and validation implicit in the IRL framework is very clear .
No ambiguity .
Clarity is good .
Investment Readiness Level Enables Better Mentoring
As you might imagine , our Angel group receives applications for funding from a wide , wide variety of businesses , with highly variable quality of the businesses and their applications , and highly variable levels of maturity of those businesses .
Some of our applicants are not scalable , high - growth businesses , and we tell them quickly if they do n’t fit our profile .
Others have the potential to be scalable , high - growth businesses , but simply are n’t as compelling or as mature as better candidates in our funnel .
During every Selections cycle , as we refine our applicant funnel to select the entrepreneurs to present to our membership , I obviously have to say “ No ” to far more entrepreneurs than those to whom I can say “ Yes ” .
The Investment Readiness Level adds a new dimension to those conversations , providing a vocabulary and framework for shifting the conversation from simply ‘ No ’ , to the much - more - helpful “ Not yet – but here ’s what you can do … ” .
It has completely changed the nature of the conversations I have with applicants .
The prescriptive nature of the IRL means that wherever a business is in its current state of development , the next step on the ladder is nearly always pretty obvious .
Of course , there should always be a little latitude for the unique nature of each business , but the IRL framework is a good guidepost .
So the “ here ’s what you can do … ” recommendations are clear , logical , and situationally - relevant to the entrepreneur ’s business .
I would estimate that perhaps half of the applicants we see have heard of and use some form of Lean Startup or Customer Development methodology .
The idea of a “ Minimum Viable Product ” is something that has entered the general vernacular , but I ’m sure that not all of the businesses tossing the term around truly understand the Lean Startup teachings .
So when I ’m providing feedback to an entrepreneur applying to our group for funding , I leverage the IRL framework to guide the feedback that I give .
I do n’t refer to the framework explicitly , but I provide feedback based on where I assess the company to be in their development , and what steps they ’d need to pursue to get another rung or two up the ladder .
For example , I might say “ The Sacramento Angels have decided that your firm is n’t quite ready for us to consider for potential investment at this point , but if you were able to discuss your prototype with 50 - to - 100 potential customers and get their feedback , this might help you identify the specific segments that care most - deeply about the advantages you ’re offering over the existing alternative .
We ’d like to stay in touch with you and hear more from you once you ’ve identified your initial target segment and how you are going to reach and service them … ”
I ’ve almost universally found that the entrepreneurs I ’m discussing these recommendations with are pleased to have the feedback , even if they ’re disappointed that we may not be funding them .
For an entrepreneur , receiving guidance of “ Not now , but here ’s what you can do … ” is better than getting a flat , directionless “ No ” .
For me , the ability to articulate the concept of maturity , and investment readiness as a continuum , is extremely helpful .
Being able to articulate that an applicant ’s current stage of development , along that continuum , is not aligned with our group ’s investment goals but that with further progress on their part , there may be alignment – this is a fundamentally superior message .
The Investment Readiness Level has given me the tools to engage in a consultative , coaching and mentoring conversation that provides much more value to entrepreneurs , resulting in a much more - enjoyable conversation for all involved .
Lessons Learned :
Investment Readiness ties capital - raising to the capital - efficient Lean Startup methodology
The Investment Readiness Level is Prescriptive
The Investment Readiness Level enables better mentoring
Filed under : Customer Development Manifesto , Investment Readiness Level , Venture Capital | 6 Comments »
Rechargeable batteries can be a bit of a pain — you have to carry around an adapter , find an outlet , and even bend over to plug in the adapter .
It 's hell , really .
Advertisement
The SunCat batteries solve all of these issues while giving the environment a firm pat on the butt by wrapping standard NiMH rechargeable batteries ( 1.8V ) in photo voltaic cells ( 1.5V ) .
Seen in prototype form here , each battery becomes its own solar trickle charger , constantly topping off its power reserves without ever over charging .
Now if only Duracell , Energizer or some other major manufacturer could swoop in and mass product this idea ... [ Notes from Knut via OhGizmo ! ]
My Little Ballerina
You are not a ballerina so do n’t dress like one !
That shirt manages to give your side boobs back boobs ….. I ’m not even sure how that ’s possible , but you accomplished it .
New Hampshire
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
please wait ...
Rating : 6.4/10 ( 22 votes cast )
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
Rating : +7 ( from 11 votes )
I ’ve been reading Asimov ’s original Foundation trilogy , and have almost finished it .
( Yes , I ca n’t believe I have n’t read it before ! )
I love the fact that the novels are essentially a series of political dialogues , and all of the action happens completely offstage .
Here ’s my quick parody , written during a moment of boredom .
The two men faced each other quietly in the metallic room , each pensively smoking their rare cigars .
Outside , hundreds of warships screamed in the dead of space , blowing each other to smithereens and ejecting boiling flesh into the void .
The fate of all human civilization once again hung the balance .
“ It appears yet another Crisis is upon us , as was predicted . ”
“ Yes , you * would * want me to think that , would n’t you ? ”
“ Would I now ?
Are you sure ? ”
“ Do n’t play your mind games with me , I ’ve already anticipated your latest move .
Did you really think I was so gullible as to allow my ships to attack yours first ? ”
“ Galaxy !
Well apparently you just did . ”
“ You only * think * I did .
You see , I ’ve been leading you all along , making you think I would , but that ’s only because you did n’t know that I already knew of your plan . ”
“ Precisely , which is exactly why you fell into my trap . ”
“ Excuse me ? ”
“ Indeed !
I knew you would n’t actually go where I was hoping you would , and thus I coaxed you into doing exactly what I wanted all along .
You ’ve been my pawn from the beginning . ”
“ And that ’s exactly what I KNEW you would say , because I WANTED you to think I was your pawn !
That ’s why I have 50 soldiers outside this door ready to kill you the moment I nod my head .
You miscalculated my genius once again , thinking you were in control . ”
“ Ah , but YOU underestimated ME , do n’t you see ?
This ENTIRE CONVERSATION has already been predicted by Seldon himself , and my top - secret troop of 300 has been sitting here for 20 years waiting for this exact moment , waiting to do nothing but surprise you .
I ’m afraid they ’ve already destroyed your 50 soldiers outside the door and are now waiting to arrest you personally . ”
“ But is n’t that just too obvious ?
I knew you ’d plan such a silly thing , from my earliest days in service .
I made it my personal mission — 20 years ago — to make sure your secretive squad was destroyed before they were even established .
Their entire existence has been a decades - long illusion performed only for your personal deception .
I ’m afraid you ’re powerless . ”
“ Powerless , that is , to withhold the truth from you any more .
Your entire LIFE among the Galactic Empire has been one gigantic simulation , something I just implanted via insidious mind probe .
The truth is that you ’re a lifetime resident of an insane asylum in Bloomsbury , New Jersey .
Tea time is over and visitors are now going home .
Goodbye , sir . ”
“ Damn . ”
Fan de la marque Lego , Brandon Griffith vient de créer cet excellent plateau de jeu d’échecs autour de l’univers et des éléments de Star Wars Episode IV : A New Hope .
Chaque pièce utilise un personnage du film mythique .
Plus d’images dans la suite et dans la galerie .
Plus d’images dans la galerie .
Texas Senate OKs bill for school Bible classes
But the measure 's wording is causing confusion over whether elective must be offered
AUSTIN — The Senate easily passed and sent to the governor a bill Wednesday to teach Bible classes to high school students , but lawmakers immediately disagreed on whether the measure would make the courses mandatory .
Legislative leaders differed on whether school districts may offer the religion studies course , or whether they are obligated to do so if 15 or more students sign up for it .
Both " may " and " shall " show up in different sections of the House bill that the Senate passed 28 - 2 without changing .
Sen . Craig Estes , R- Wichita Falls , sponsor of the legislation in the Senate , said his legislative intent clearly is to require school districts to offer the Bible course if at least 15 students sign up for it .
However , Rep. Scott Hochberg , D- Houston , noted that the House Public Education Committee specifically removed " shall " from the original legislation , House Bill 1287 , which , he said , allows local school districts to decide whether to offer the course , intended to give students a fuller appreciation of religion 's role in society .
" We 'll just have to get some experts to look at it , " Estes said after being told of Hochberg 's interpretation of the bill .
Estes and other supporters got little disagreement from critics that people could benefit from more knowledge about Hebrew scripture , the Christian Bible and the Islamic Quran .
" People need to know both the good things and bad things that have happened in history in the name of religion , " Estes said .
" There 's lots on both sides to go around , and an elective course like this is a wonderful forum to discuss those issues . "
And it would be nearly impossible for students , he said , " to understand the writings and speeches of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. " without a basic knowledge of the Bible .
Other religions
Sen . Rodney Ellis , D- Houston , asked Estes whether the legislation would obligate school districts to offer a study of the Quran if at least 15 students requested such a course .
Yes , Estes answered , explaining that non-Muslim students may want to study the impact of the Quran " because of the present problems that we have with the war on terror because of people 's misrepresentation of the Quran . "
Only two senators , Sen. Juan " Chuy " Hinojosa , D - McAllen , and Sen. Mario Gallegos , D - Houston , opposed the bill .
Hinojosa expressed fear that any religious study course would focus more on the Bible and Christianity than on other faiths .
And he seemed to support Estes ' view that a group of 15 or more students could obligate a school district to offer a religious study course .
" Since when do we allow students to dictate to TEA ( Texas Education Agency ) or some school system what courses to teach ? "
Hinojosa asked .
Changes to original
The bill heading to Gov. Rick Perry 's desk contains several changes from the original measure , all designed to satisfy skeptics .
They include :
• Specifications for teacher training and qualifications .
• Requirements for curriculum standards and an actual textbook instead of using the Bible as the textbook .
• Stronger protections for the religious freedom of students and their families .
" Today , the Senate kept safeguards in this bill that should prevent government from telling our schoolchildren what to believe about the Bible , " said Kathy Miller , president of a nonpartisan organization that supports religious freedom .
" We will now join with families across the state to ensure that schools adhere to the bill 's clear standards that promote respect for both the Bible and the religious freedom of all students . "
gscharrer@express-news.net
- Il filmato viene rilanciato alle 10.04 di ieri da " Mattino 5 " , contenitore di news e approfondimenti delle reti Mediaset .
Il conduttore , Claudio Brachino , annuncia ai telespettatori le immagini " in esclusiva " dei presunti comportamenti " stravaganti " del giudice civile milanese , Raimondo Mesiano .
Lo scoop si basa su un video di pochi minuti sulla vita privata del magistrato che , non più tardi di due settimane fa , ha condannato il gruppo Fininvest a risarcire alla Cir di Carlo De Benedetti 750 milioni di euro , per lo " scippo " di Segrate : il lodo sul controllo del pacchetto azionario della Mondadori che si è risolto nel 1990 a favore del gruppo Fininvest in cambio di mazzette versate ad alcuni giudici romani .
Il video ritrae di nascosto l'interessato , mentre esce di casa , passeggia per le vie di Milano , attende il proprio turno dal barbiere .
" Nel suo weekend - spiega la voce narrante nell ' illustrare le presunte " stravaganze " di Mesiano - lontano dalle scartoffie del tribunale e dagli impegni istituzionali , sveste la toga e si cala nei panni del comune cittadino .
Certo , non un cittadino qualunque " , spiega una voce femminile .
E mentre lo spettatore pregusta scene clamorose o perlomeno inconsuete , ecco che lo zoom inquadra Mesiano fermo al semaforo .
La giornalista , per non deludere l'attesa dello spettatore , chiosa : " Alle sue stravaganze in realtà siamo ormai abituati " .
Quali ?
A cosa allude ?
Il filmato prosegue con il giudice davanti alla bottega del barbiere .
Qui , sempre secondo la cronaca televisiva , " è impaziente e non riesce a stare fermo .
Avanti e indietro ... " .
Atteggiamento considerato anomalo , tanto da ribadire il concetto : " È impaziente , non riesce a stare fermo : avanti e indietro " .
E poi ancora , in maniera insistente : " Si ferma , aspira la sua sigaretta e poi ancora avanti e indietro " .
Le immagini si soffermano sul giudice seduto sul seggiolone del barbiere , con la schiuma da barba sul viso .
Il reporter commenta : " Forse non sa ancora che il Csm lo sta " promuovendo " con un bel sette , che per un magistrato equivale a un 30 e lode universitario " .
Il riferimento è alla promozione ottenuta da Mesiano , due giorni fa , dal Csm.
Un naturale avanzamento di carriera in base all 'anzianità .
" Lui va avanti e indietro " , ripete , ancora , la giornalista .
Poi , poco prima di concludere il servizio , la scena cambia e si concentra su " un'altra stranezza : guardatelo seduto su una panchina .
Camicia , pantalone blu , mocassino bianco e calzino turchese .
Di quelli che in tribunale non è proprio il caso di sfoggiare " .
Si torna in studio .
E il conduttore sottolinea come dal video emerga come " tra la stravaganza del personaggio e la promozione del Csm , c'è qualcosa che non funziona " .
Il nesso sfugge , ma subito dopo è il condirettore de il Giornale , Alessandro Sallusti , a chiarire meglio il concetto , perché , per chi non se ne fosse ancora accorto , quello che sarebbe emerso " non è soltanto una questione di stravaganza fisica " .
E no .
Le strane attitudini del giudice che ha condannato a un maxirisarcimento il gruppo Fininvest , si spostano anche sulle sue " stravaganze professionali " , rimarca Sallusti ricordando come , scavando nel passato di Mesiano , si sia scoperto che , in una causa tra vicini di casa per un tubo rotto in un appartamento , " questo giudice continui a rinviare il caso di anno e anno , fissando la prossima udienza nel 2011 " .
" Non c'era alcuna malizia - ha spiegato ieri Claudio Brachino - , ma solo il senso televisivo di dare un volto a un personaggio che la gente non conosceva di persona " .
The Rape Illusion
As I have pointed out on numerous occasions , the evidence from a number of sources suggests that the vast majority of rape allegations made to the police in western countries are false .
The official research which suggests otherwise is so full of holes and carefully planned biases that it is quite clear that those involved in the research have bent over backwards to distort their findings in order to engender the illusion that false allegations are relatively uncommon .
Indeed , the official research is worse than just ' biased ' , it is almost completely fabricated .
And if one takes into account all the evidence relating to rape that is available from many different sources , it becomes fairly obvious that the false allegation rate is extremely high - in my view , close to 80 % .
However , there remains a strong resistance among people to accepting this point of view , and it is this particular resistance that I wish to address here .
This resistance seems to stem mostly from the fact that the vast majority of women whom people know are decent human beings - most of the time - and when you tell such people that 80 % of rape allegations are false , they think about the women whom they know and they think , " There is no way that most of the women whom I know would lie about rape . "
And I am sure that they are totally correct in thinking this .
The majority of women would , indeed , not make a false allegation of rape .
The majority of women would , indeed , not make a false allegation of rape .
But what seems to happen is that people become confused in their minds , and they think that if some 80 % of rape allegations are false then it follows that some 80 % of women must be prone to making false allegations - and this , they do not accept .
But to suggest that 80 % of rape allegations are false is not to suggest that 80 % of women would make false allegations .
The false allegation rate , on its own , has precious little to say about the number of women who would make false allegations .
For example , imagine that 100 rape allegations are made to the police throughout the year in the USA and , further , that every single one of them turns out to be false .
Well , we have a 100 % false allegation rate .
Every woman who made an allegation has lied .
But there are some 120 million women living in the USA , and so the percentage of women making false allegations ( in this case , 100 women ) is absolutely miniscule - less than one - thousandth of a percent of the total population of women .
Thus , an extremely high false allegation rate ( in this case , 100 % ) does not imply that a large percentage of women are making false allegations .
It simply means that a high percentage of those women who are making allegations are making false ones .
Now , here in the UK , we have some 15,000 rape allegations made to the police every year .
the evidence suggests that some 80 % of these allegations are false
As far as I am concerned , the evidence suggests that some 80 % of these allegations are false , which means that some 12,000 of these allegations are false .
( Indeed , 95 % of these allegations do not result in any convictions . )
Now , given that some 24 million women live in the UK , the fact that some 12,000 of them are making false allegations means that some 0.05 % of women are making false allegations - which is a very tiny fraction of the whole population of women .
Indeed , at this rate , this would only amount to 1 % of women making false allegations over a twenty - year period .
In other words , the view that some 80 % of rape allegations are false in the UK does not imply that some 80 % of women would make false allegations .
It simply suggests that some 1 % of women are making false rape allegations over a twenty - year period .
Is this really so hard to believe given the numerous incentives that are offered to all women who make false allegations ?
Is this really so hard to believe given the daily bombardment from the media urging women to feel abused and to allege abuse by men ?
Is this really so hard to believe given the fact that some 5 % of women are also seriously impaired emotionally in one way or other - with unprovoked hysteria and aggression being fairly commonplace among such women .
And what about the effects of hormones , alcohol , drugs , anger , jealousy , misunderstanding , sheer wickedness ?
Surely , it is very easy to believe that some 1 % of women might make a false allegation over a twenty - year period .
are our women so angelic
Or are our women so angelic that , despite all the incentives , despite the constant urging , and despite the fact that many are emotionally impaired , it is still actually unthinkable that over a twenty - year period some 1 % might stumble into making a false allegation of rape ?
Indeed , such a low figure would also , in fact , demonstrate just how resilient are UK women to succumbing to the numerous temptations to make a false allegation .
After all , only 1 % of them will succumb over a twenty - year period .
And I do not think that it would be unfair to suggest that these particular women would likely be the most malicious , the most uncaring , the most manipulative , the most dishonest and / or the most emotionally aggressive of all the women who dwell amongst us .
And there are , indeed , quite a few women with such characteristics .
More than 1 % of women would be my guess .
Nevertheless , 99 % of the entire population of UK women will resist all the incentives and all the temptations to make a false allegation throughout this very long time of twenty years .
99 % !!!
Not bad .
Not bad at all - given all the ups and downs that life brings them .
But the assumed false allegation rate which gave us this most heartening result and which demonstrated just how wonderful are our women is , in fact , 80 % .
the claim that 80 % of rape allegations are false does not cast aspersions on the vast majority of women .
In summary , therefore , the claim that 80 % of rape allegations are false does not cast aspersions on the vast majority of women .
It simply implies that a very tiny percentage of women are swamping the system with false allegations of rape ; leaving genuine victims struggling to be believed .
And all the valid evidence that I have ever seen is consistent with this view .
In conclusion : Even if just 1 % of UK women make a false allegation of rape over a twenty year period , then this will be sufficient to maintain a whopping 80 % false allegation rate throughout the 20 years .
And this appalling state of affairs can exist even if 99 % of women are as good , and as honest , as a newborn babe .
In other words , an 80 % false allegation rate can easily be maintained even if 99 % of women would not make a false allegation .
No one understands the pressure that the Canadian men's hockey team will be under better than Steve Yzerman - the man charged with putting the squad together .
(( Jeff McIntosh / Canadian Press ) ) On Dec. 30 Steve Yzerman will be the most scrutinized man in Canada .
As Hockey Canada 's executive director , the newly enshrined Hall of Famer has the heavy burden of overseeing the selection of the men's hockey team for the Vancouver Olympics .
The official announcement of the 23 - man roster will no doubt draw heated debate .
Yzerman takes over the role held previously by icon Wayne Gretzky , who was praised for helping end Canada 's goal - medal drought at the 2002 Winter Games in Salt Lake City but maligned for picking a squad that was ultimately humiliated following a seventh - place finish four years later in Turin , Italy .
For Yzerman — a three - time Stanley Cup champion with the Detroit Red Wings and member of the 2002 gold - medal team — the chance to guide Canada to Olympic glory far outweighs the prospect of another disappointment , this time on home soil .
With Canada 's orientation camp in Calgary a distant memory , Yzerman spoke to CBCSports .ca regarding the enormous pressure placed on his team , the unpredictability of the Olympic tournament and the hotly contested battle for the No. 1 goaltending spot .
CBCSports.ca :
By all reports , the orientation camp in August went well .
What were your overall impressions , and how important was this time together ?
Yzerman : I was pleased with it .
What we wanted the players to do is spend a few days with coaches on the ice .
It was n't a condition camp ; it was n't a tryout .
It was for all the prospective players to get out on the ice with the coaches .
To go through the way the [ coaches ] want them to play , how they 're going to set up on the power play , how they 're going to break out of our zone and how they 're going to kill penalties .
I thought the coaches [ Mike Babcock , Ken Hitchcock , Lindy Ruff and Jacques Lemaire ] did a really good job with that .
…
Some of these players will not get into Vancouver [ for the Olympics ] until late Sunday night [ Feb. 14 ] , potentially Monday morning .
We 'll have one practice on Monday afternoon , and then we play the afternoon of the 16th .
So there 's no time for preparation , and this was our only time for that .
Also , for the players themselves , especially the younger guys , I want them to walk into the locker room in Vancouver and the faces to be familiar so they can be comfortable .
I think all those things were accomplished .
CBCSports.ca :
None of the players competing will have a chance to get their bearings , or a least time to rest before the first game .
How difficult will that be for them ?
Yzerman : I think every country would ideally like to be much more prepared .
Without actually getting a chance to play some pre-tournament games or spend time together on the ice , you do n't really know what you have until you 're on the ice and see how things work out .
Every country is in the same boat in the tournament , but it , obviously , would be a little bit more comfortable to know what you have , had you [ be given ] the time to play some games beforehand and really see how things were meshing .
CBCSports.ca : Sidney Crosby and Rick Nash were always on a line together at the camp and looked really good .
Is it a better strategy to come up with pairs and then add a third player or simply pencil in line combinations ?
Rick Nash , left , and Sidney Crosby were in constant sync while playing on the same line at the Olympic orientation camp in Calgary .
( ( Jeff McIntosh / Canadian Press ) )
I think you like to put together lines , but matching two guys up is easier than matching three up .
Maybe you get a certain pairing that you 're going to use , and I do n't know that 's an automatic with Nash and Crosby , but you get a pair that you find seems to work well and match a third person .
Some coaches like to match a pair and rotate a third .
It allows them some flexibility in their line combinations and to keep the other teams off balance a little bit .
I think you like to put together lines , but matching two guys up is easier than matching three up .
Maybe you get a certain pairing that you 're going to use , and I do n't know that 's an automatic with Nash and Crosby , but you get a pair that you find seems to work well and match a third person .
Some coaches like to match a pair and rotate a third .
It allows them some flexibility in their line combinations and to keep the other teams off balance a little bit .
In my previous experience in the Olympic tournaments , the lines have changed .
You talk about combination at the start of the tournament and then halfway through you have guys playing with players that you did n't [ think of ] but for whatever reason they seem to work .
[ The coaches ] will start the tournament with some ideas but expect that to change , and it usually does .
As far as line combinations , the coaches played around with that a little bit , but that would be up to them .
Those first three games of the tournament will be , I guess , where they 'll do any tinkering they can and figure out who 's going where .
CBCSports.ca : Nash , Ryan Getzlaf , and Dany Heatley were unbelievable at the world championships two years ago in Canada .
Will the coaching staff take into consideration past successful units ?
Yzerman : Yeah , I mean it is something for them to fall back on and look at players that have played well together .
That line [ Getzlaf , Nash and Heatley ] you mentioned , they scored a lot .
They put the puck in the net and generated a lot of points .
I think there are areas of the game that they can improve upon .
In some ways , they will have improved in those areas .
To answer your question , guys that have played together in the past and been successful … it 's a good starting point .
CBCSports.ca :
In true Mike Babcock style , we saw defencemen consistently jumping into the rush during the camp .
Does that help guys like Mike Green and Dan Boyle as they pursue an Olympic spot ?
Yzerman : Yes .
With the personnel that we have available to us , defencemen have to be good defencemen , first off .
But just that added dimension of carrying the puck up the ice and adding to the offence is , I think , a great skill and tool to have .
If we can incorporate everyone in the attack , obviously , it helps .
There are some extremely skilled , good offensive - minded defencemen that are also good defensively .
We want to be a fast team , we want to be able to move the puck up the ice , and having mobile , skilled defencemen is very important to how we want to play .
CBCSports.ca :
The competition for the No. 1 goaltender spot will no doubt be the toughest decision for Babcock and his staff .
With Roberto Luongo and Martin Brodeur expected to battle for the lead position , will strong play in the months leading up to the Games be the determining factor ?
Yzerman : I 'll obviously have some input , but at the end of the day , the coaches will decide who starts in goal for us .
I think for that position it 's very important that we have guys coming into the tournament that are on top of their game .
The position does n't allow a player to find time to get his game in shape .
Our depth is outstanding .
[ Carolina goaltender ]
Cam Ward won a [ world championship ] gold medal and a Stanley Cup .
In the last two years , [ Pittsburgh netminder ] Marc - André Fleury has gone to the finals and won Game 7 of the Stanley Cup final .
A brilliant first - half of the season could propel Roberto Luongo , left , or Cam Ward into the No. 1 goaltending spot for Canada . ( ( Jeff McIntosh / Canadian Press ) )
So , these young guys have gained valuable experience .
We 're going to pick the guys that are playing well .
I think we 're splitting hairs right now between all of these goaltenders .
Marty is obviously the incumbent and has done it all .
His challenge is coming off [ the elbow ] injury last year and to regain and maintain his form in order to keep his spot .
Roberto [ needs ] to just keep moving forward in his career and taking another step to being truly an elite goaltender .
And the other two young guys [ Ward and Fleury ] are pushing them .
So , that 's your top four .
How they play this fall is going to be very important .
CBCSports.ca :
And Marty is living proof that you do n't have to start the opening game of the Olympics in order to play .
You saw that firsthand in 2002 , right ?
Yzerman :
The plan changes [ laughing ] .
That 's basically what happened to us in Salt Lake and Marty was in the net [ after the opening - game loss to Sweden ] .
We 're going to have three excellent goaltenders and they 're very qualified starters .
We 're in a good position there .
First of all , we 're going to figure out which three we 're going to bring , and then who starts once we get there .
CBCSports.ca : Expectations are normally enormous for the men's team , but with the Games in Vancouver , it 's only magnified .
How do you think the players will deal with that kind of pressure ?
Yzerman : I think our players will be fine with it .
They 'll use it to feed off the adrenaline and energy you get from playing in your home country .
Everybody involved knows the expectation here is to win gold .
The one thing I like about it that I found in past Olympics is it does n't really matter which country you 're playing in because you stay in the Olympic village , and you 're pretty much sequestered from everything going on around you .
The tournament is played in such a short period of time that you 're playing your game , and once that 's over , you 're getting ready for your next one .
There 's not a lot of time to get caught up in anything else .
I 'm quite confident that playing on home ice in our own country will be a benefit for us .
CBCSports.ca :
Which other nations do you feel are similar to Canada as far as pressure goes ?
Yzerman : I would say there are two other countries where probably the expectation is to win gold as well .
The Russians are two - time world champions , and they 're coming into this tournament expecting to win .
Sweden is the defending Olympic gold medallist , and it will be a disappointment back in their home country if they do n't win .
Just because we 're playing in our home country does n't make [ winning gold ] an automatic for us .
We 've won one out of the last three with NHL players , and it just goes to show that with the Czechs winning in 1998 , Canada in 2002 and the Swedes in ' 06 , that , really , I think , any team can win it .
You lose one game at the wrong time , and you 're out of the tournament .
There 's very little margin for error .
I think our players understand the expectations and what they are in for .
CBCSports.ca :
What kind of team are you and your staff looking to put together ?
Yzerman :
What I 'm hoping for is a balanced , complete hockey team .
We can have all the elements of speed , skill , strength and a work ethic .
We 'll just be a well - rounded team .
How Canada traditionally plays in these events is a high - tempo game , and we attack and defend well .
We 're going to bring in players that are good at both ends of the rink .
With the depth of talent I believe Canada has , I think we can put four lines out there .
We can put out every defensive paring that can contribute offensively and be very sound in our own zone .
We 're not going to have to hide any line or worry about matchups because [ of fear ] that a line can't play against a particular team .
We 're going to go hard on offence , and when we do n't have the puck , we 're going to work hard to get it back .
It 's kind of simple [ chuckle ] .
CBCSports.ca :
You can make the argument that Canada can always field two Olympic teams because of its depth .
Having said that , are the final few spots going to be the toughest part of selecting the team ?
Yzerman : Yes .
In talking with people from Hockey Canada , [ Oilers president ] Kevin Lowe and even Wayne Gretzky about it , you spend a lot of time debating with things like who your third - line defensive paring is going to be ?
Who are the 12th and 13th forwards ?
It 's also going to be difficult [ deciding ] who that third goaltender is going to be .
That 's … [ what ] we will spend the most time on .
CBCSports.ca :
You obviously know Mike Babcock well with your time in Detroit .
Why was he the right choice for head coach of this team ?
Mike Babcock 's strong leadership skills are one of many reasons he was chosen Canada 's head coach .
(( Jeff McIntosh / Canadian Press ) ) Yzerman : Mike 's a confident guy , and he 's a strong leader .
He 's obviously under a microscope with a lot a scrutiny surrounding the team .
I believe he 's very comfortable in handling that .
He 'll listen to his staff and eventually be prepared to make any difficult but correct decisions regardless of how [ hard ] that may be .
He 's a strong guy , and I like the style of play he encourages with the Red Wings .
He demands his top players to be accountable at both ends of the rink .
I felt he was the right guy to be the head coach for the style that Canada is going to play .
He 's won at every level , has international success , and he 's got tons of playoff success in the last couple of years here in Detroit .
He just is the right person for it .
Mike 's a confident guy , and he 's a strong leader .
He 's obviously under a microscope with a lot a scrutiny surrounding the team .
I believe he 's very comfortable in handling that .
He 'll listen to his staff and eventually be prepared to make any difficult but correct decisions regardless of how [ hard ] that may be .
He 's a strong guy , and I like the style of play he encourages with the Red Wings .
He demands his top players to be accountable at both ends of the rink .
I felt he was the right guy to be the head coach for the style that Canada is going to play .
He 's won at every level , has international success , and he 's got tons of playoff success in the last couple of years here in Detroit .
He just is the right person for it .
CBCSports.ca :
You have so many captains to choose from , are you looking for any specific qualities in a leader ?
Yzerman : Not really .
Probably all of these guys are going to be captain or assistants at some point from their respective teams .
They 're all kind of natural leaders so we 'll wait until we pick the team and then decide upon who the right choices are for the captaincy .
I think it 's important that we have , in this type of event , quality veteran guys .
Not only good players but really professional , veteran players that have tons of experience and if things get hectic or intense , they can handle them and keep the team focused and grounded .
We 'll look at a group of veterans to be the leaders of the club .
CBCSports.ca : Gretzky and his staff were heavily criticized for having too many veterans and not enough younger players in 2006 .
Will this team have a better mix ?
Yzerman : I think this team will have different faces on it just because it's four years later , and the Rick Nash 's and Sidney Crosby 's are four years older , and it 's become their time .
Some of the other players have either retired because of injuries , or they were n't at that level anymore .
So , it 's just the natural aging process , I guess , that this is going to be a younger team .
But I place value in having some veteran players on the team .
We 're going to take the best players , but in that group , I 'm quite confident that there will be veteran guys that have some experience and are top players .
You 'll see some of the young guys .
They 're just too good , and they 'll be ready to play .
CBCSport.ca :
Now that you are at the helm , what lessons do you take from the 2006 disappointment that could help you for Vancouver ?
Yzerman : I do n't take anything for granted .
I look at that 2006 team , and it was the same team that won the World Cup of ' 04 in Toronto .
I look at it that there has to be some value placed on who is playing well currently and leading up to the tournament .
Most of all , I 've learned through the last three Olympics that anything can happen .
So , we 'll do everything possible in terms of preparation for our scouting , our preparation for our own club and getting ready for each game .
That 's what it comes down to .
When you get into a quarter - final game against any of these countries , their goaltenders can stone anybody , and you can lose a game .
So , we take nothing for granted , but we 'll be well prepared , we 'll be well organized , and hopefully , we 'll get lucky and come out with a gold medal .
Drug use is demonized , and the “ evil ” of drugs is propagandized in the corporate media .
This helps to sustain the long - running , selective “ drug war ” in the United States and elsewhere .
One logical and ethical solution to the prodigious resources devoted to the “ drug war ” is the recognition of each person ’s sovereignty over his own body .
Consumption of drugs and whatever else is the decision of adult individuals in reasonable command of their mental faculties .
Society ( as it is presently constituted , the state ) should monopolize drug sales .
The state will save money fighting illegal drug sales and assure that unadulterated , untainted drugs are sold .
The drugs can be sold with necessary information and warnings ( ideally factually accurate information — neither disinformation nor propaganda ) about the drugs , so that the individual is fully informed of the potentialities from drug consumption .
Others , however , choose to live by different principles or rules .
In most societies , the ruling class arrogates the right to decide what is best for others and enforce this decision .
This is the case in the US for drug use – even for the comparatively harmless marijuana plant .
Steve Fox , Paul Armentano , and Mason Tvert approached the right to use marijuana from a different tangent .
They argue , in the book Marijuana Is Safer : So Why Are We Driving People to Drink ? , that because it is far safer than alcohol , marijuana for personal use should be legalized .
Marijuana Is Safer
So Why Are We Driving People to Drink ?
By Steve Fox , Paul Armentano , and Mason Tvert
Paperback : 192 pages
Publisher : Chelsea Green Publishing ( 2009 )
ISBN - 10 : 1603581448
ISBN - 13 : 978-1603581448
Study after study shows that alcohol is linked with violence : acts of aggression , assaults , rapes , and murders .
Alcohol is toxic ; marijuana is not toxic .
In fact , marijuana is therapeutic for certain disorders – perhaps even having anti-cancer properties ( as the writers note , the US government holds the anti-cancer patent ) .
Alcohol may have some benefits for blood - thinning properties in moderated daily doses , but it is not a prescribed treatment .
The writers , therefore , question why marijuana use , which does not promote violence , is so harshly punished and alcohol use is not .
Fox et al. cite the 1997 World Health Organization final report that held : “ On existing patterns of use , cannabis [ the psychoactive component in marijuana ] poses a much less serious public health problem than is currently posed by alcohol and tobacco in Western societies . ”
Therefore , to treat drugs fairly ( and alcohol is a drug ) based upon “ facts ” established through unbiased and sound scientific studies , either alcohol must be prohibited or marijuana legalized .
Marijuana
Is Safer does not advocate a return to alcohol prohibition .
Alcohol consumption is largely accepted in society ; marijuana use though widespread is usually done discreetly lest one risk being arrested .
The penalties that marijuana users face are many and severe .
Fox et al. write , “ Believe it or not , virtually no other criminal offenses – including violent crimes like rape or murder – trigger the same plethora of sanctions . ”
Indeed , when US president Richard Nixon launched the official government war on drugs , “ public enemy number one ” was marijuana .
The Outcome of Marijuana Prohibition
The authors hold that the harsh legal enforcement of marijuana has artificially lowered marijuana use and led to increased alcohol consumption .
They identify at least one cause of marijuana prohibition as being racially motivated , an example being crazy Mexicans .
This is a part of the onslaught of disinformation that surrounds the use of marijuana .
For this reason , the book includes a chapter tackling the myths and facts surrounding marijuana use , such as it leads to “ harder ” drug use , that marijuana is highly addictive , that it causes many traffic accidents ( the writers do not recommend driving after toking ) , that it causes brain damage , etc .
There is probably a likelier cause for the maintenance of the prohibition against marijuana that the authors touched on : the alcohol industry has a hand in maintaining marijuana prohibition – protecting its profit margins from competition .
Marijuana — “ weed ” — would be tough competition for alcohol .
Why Legalize Marijuana ?
Society would benefit not just in increased safety but also economically .
As one example , the book notes that “ annual alcohol - related health care costs were forty - five times greater than marijuana - related health care costs ! ”
The authors contend that “ modern marijuana prohibition is a ‘ cure ’ that is much worse than the disease ”
“ Why should we add another vice ?
” The authors argue , “ The fact that alcohol causes so many problems in society is not a reason to keep pot illegal ; rather it is the reason we must make it legal . ”
Marijuana is not adding a vice , but rather providing a “ less harmful recreational alternative . ”
The authors attempt to steer an honest assessment of marijuana compared to alcohol .
While Marijuana
Is Safer debunks many of the myths existing about marijuana use , it does not insist that driving under the influence of marijuana is safe ; it does not insist that marijuana has no addictive properties .
It cautions against young people “ who lack the maturity ” from using mind - altering drugs .
It seems here that Fox et al. in , perhaps , a bid to appear impartial , strayed from evidential analysis .
Marijuana
Is Safer does not posit foreknowledge of what changes will come about with the legalization of marijuana other than society will , assuredly , be safer .
It seems this assurity is premised on people switching from alcohol to safer marijuana and neophyte recreational drug users choosing marijuana over alcohol .
Evidence does exist to support the premise that knowledge of the risks of drug taking does influence taking of the drug .
There is a huge advertising industry based on the notion that how information is packaged and presented influences people .
Nowadays , cigarette packages clearly indicate that smoking may cause lung cancer and other terrible diseases .
Despite this some people continue to smoke .
Yet , the numbers of smokers have declined and this is attributed to the increased knowledge of the dangers of smoking .
The Canadian Cancer Society stated in 2002 : “ It ’s clear that the advertisements work [ to discourage smoking ] . ”
The CBC reported that the province of Nova Scotia had a youth ( 15 - 19 years ) smoking rate of 31 percent in 2000 – when the warning ads on cigarette packages were introduced – and in 2007 the youth smoking rate had dropped to 12 percent .
The reasoned logic of Marijuana is Safer is something all members of society should take time to question and consider .
Who stands to benefit from the present policy against marijuana use ?
What are the benefits and costs to society from the present policy ?
Marijuana is Safer compellingly reveals the irrationality behind the selective drug prohibition policy , a policy which puts people in comparative danger .
A former high school principal facing sentencing for having sex with a 16 - year - old student in 2007 has been charged with the aggravated sexual assault of another pupil one year earlier .
Frank Bailey , 44 , former principal of a Christian school at Grafton in northern NSW , is now charged with having sexual intercourse with a teenage girl without her consent when she was under his care in August 2006 .
Accused ... Frank Bailey .
Credit : Grafton Daily Examiner
The charge was mentioned in Sydney 's Central Local Court today , when Bailey 's solicitor said she did not require him to be shown on audio- visual link from the jail where he is on remand .
On Thursday , he faced a sentencing hearing in Sydney 's Downing Centre District Court after pleading guilty to five counts of sexual intercourse with a 16 - year - old under his care in 2007 .
“ I ’m thinking of hitting the OEMs harder than in the past with anti-Linux . … they should do a delicate dance ”
– Joachim Kempin , Microsoft OEM Chief
Summary : Acer suddenly pushes back the Android plan it was so excited about ; ASUS temporarily neglects sub-notebooks
AS we noted a couple of days go , there is already a Russian investigation into what Microsoft did to GNU / Linux in sub-notebooks .
Reading between the lines , this was the interpretation of the Managing Editor of Linux Today .
Based on evidence that we gathered ( see links at the bottom ) , Microsoft ’s anti-competitive tactics worked very effectively against GNU / Linux at ASUS ; not only that , but Microsoft tried to eliminate this market of sub- notebooks altogether .
Microsoft ’s business model just ca n’t take it [ 1 , 2 , 3 ] and it shows [ 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 ] .
“ Asian manufacturers habitually admit that they are afraid of Microsoft , which uses margins to punish them .
” Does anyone still remember the bizarre incident where ASUS apologised for removing an amazing Linux product during an expo ?
Asian manufacturers habitually admit that they are afraid of Microsoft , which uses margins to punish them .
It is a tool of extortion .
Now we discover that ASUS , which was ecstatic back in the days about GNU / Linux - powered Eee PCs , has decided to no longer make sub - notebooks this year .
What a difference getting " closely tied up with Microsoft " can make .
Their profit fell 94 % and now there is another generation of products ruined by Microsoft , maybe eternally .
At least ARM is coming .
Based on the same report , sources say that Acer might be delaying / canceling its Linux sub - notebooks which its people planned and were hugely enthusiastic about .
To quote :
Report : Acer Android Netbook pushed back [...]
But if the Digitimes report is accurate , it means something has shifted at Acer HQ .
At Computex in early June , company executives were very excited about the possibilities of Android on Netbooks , even saying that the majority of Acer Netbooks will come with Android as an alternative operating system to Microsoft ’s Windows .
“ Netbooks are designed to be compact in size and easy to connect to the Internet wherever you go , ” Jim Wong , Acer ’s president of IT products , said at the time .
“ The Android operating system offers incredibly fast wireless connection to the Internet ; for this reason , Acer has decided to develop Android Netbooks for added convenience to our customers . ”
“ [ S ] omething has shifted at Acer HQ , ” writes CNET .
Something has shifted , alright .
Ask ASUS about Snapdragon .
It was about a year ago that Roughly Drafted Magazine hypothesised that Microsoft was pressuring vendors ( behind the scenes ) to abolish Android .
The Russian investigators will hopefully get to the bottom of this . █
Related posts :
“ Microsoft Corp is using scare tactics to exert pressure on PC vendors not to explore the potential of desktop Linux ”
– Ron Hovsepian
Share in other sites / networks :
These icons link to social bookmarking sites where readers can share and discover new web pages .
Permalink Send this to a friend
Flipping yet again , Sen. Arlen Specter on Tuesday told labor leaders he will back the labor - friendly bill Democratic leaders want to bring up for a vote later this year .
“ We have pounded out an employees ’ choice bill which will meet labor ’s objectives , ” the Pennsylvania Republican - turned - Democratic lawmaker said , according to the Associated Press .
President Obama and Democratic leaders have been trying to come up with a bill to make it easier for unions to form and operate .
The so - called “ card - check ” provision , which would allow unions to organize a work site if a majority of workers sign a public statement , appears still to be beyond Democrats ’ reach , but requiring binding arbitration between unions and companies is still on the table .
Mr. Specter , who earlier this year became a Democrat after 24 years in office as a Republican , has been all over the map on the issue .
As a Republican he voted for a similar bill in the last Congress , when the measure had little chance of passage , but he announced his opposition to the measure earlier this year .
Even as he switched parties to become a Democrat , he still said he would oppose the measure .
But needing union support in his Democratic primary race against Rep. Joe Sestak , Mr. Specter now has flipped all the way back .
Mr. Specter is holding a fundraiser in Philadelphia on Tuesday afternoon with Mr. Obama as the star attraction .
Former Sen. Rick Santorum , a Pennsylvania Republican who helped Mr. Specter survive a brutal GOP primary in 2004 , said his former ally is paying the president back .
“ He has done a hard - left turn to try to get into the good graces of this president , and obviously he ’s getting rewarded for that , ” Mr. Santorum told reporters on a conference call arranged by the Republican National Committee .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Overview
This document describes the support for SQL foreign key constraints introduced in SQLite version 3.6.19 ( 2009 - 10 - 14 ) .
The first section introduces the concept of an SQL foreign key by example and defines the terminology used for the remainder of the document .
Section 2 describes the steps an application must take in order to enable foreign key constraints in SQLite ( it is disabled by default ) .
The next section , section 3 , describes the indexes that the user must create in order to use foreign key constraints , and those that should be created in order for foreign key constraints to function efficiently .
Section 4 describes the advanced foreign key related features supported by SQLite and section 5 describes the way the ALTER and DROP TABLE commands are enhanced to support foreign key constraints .
Finally , section 6 enumerates the missing features and limits of the current implementation .
This document does not contain a full description of the syntax used to create foreign key constraints in SQLite .
This may be found as part of the documentation for the CREATE TABLE statement .
1. Introduction to Foreign Key Constraints
SQL foreign key constraints are used to enforce " exists " relationships between tables .
For example , consider a database schema created using the following SQL commands :
CREATE TABLE artist ( artistid INTEGER PRIMARY KEY , artistname TEXT ) ; CREATE TABLE track ( trackid INTEGER , trackname TEXT , trackartist INTEGER -- Must map to an artist .
artistid ! ) ;
The applications using this database are entitled to assume that for each row in the track table there exists a corresponding row in the artist table .
After all , the comment in the declaration says so .
Unfortunately , if a user edits the database using an external tool or if there is a bug in an application , rows might be inserted into the track table that do not correspond to any row in the artist table .
Or rows might be deleted from the artist table , leaving orphaned rows in the track table that do not correspond to any of the remaining rows in artist .
This might cause the application or applications to malfunction later on , or at least make coding the application more difficult .
One solution is to add an SQL foreign key constraint to the database schema to enforce the relationship between the artist and track table .
To do so , a foreign key definition may be added by modifying the declaration of the track table to the following :
CREATE TABLE track ( trackid INTEGER , trackname TEXT , trackartist INTEGER , FOREIGN KEY ( trackartist ) REFERENCES artist ( artistid ) ) ;
This way , the constraint is enforced by SQLite .
Attempting to insert a row into the track table that does not correspond to any row in the artist table will fail , as will attempting to delete a row from the artist table when there exist dependent rows in the track table
There is one exception : if the foreign key column in the track table is NULL , then no corresponding entry in the artist table is required .
Expressed in SQL , this means that for every row in the track table , the following expression evaluates to true :
trackartist IS NULL OR EXISTS ( SELECT 1 FROM artist WHERE artistid=trackartist )
Tip :
If the application requires a stricter relationship between artist and track , where NULL values are not permitted in the trackartist column , simply add the appropriate " NOT NULL " constraint to the schema .
There are several other ways to add an equivalent foreign key declaration to a CREATE TABLE statement .
Refer to the CREATE TABLE documentation for details .
The following SQLite command - line session illustrates the effect of the foreign key constraint added to the track table :
sqlite > SELECT * FROM artist ; artistid artistname --------
-----------------
1 Dean Martin 2 Frank Sinatra sqlite > SELECT * FROM track ; trackid trackname trackartist -------
----------------- -----------
11 That 's Amore 1 12 Christmas Blues 1 13 My Way 2 sqlite > --
This fails because the value inserted into the trackartist column ( 3 ) sqlite > -- does not correspond to row in the artist table .
sqlite > INSERT INTO track VALUES ( 14 , ' Mr. Bojangles ' , 3 ) ; SQL error : foreign key constraint failed sqlite > --
This succeeds because a NULL is inserted into trackartist .
A sqlite > -- corresponding row in the artist table is not required in this case .
sqlite > INSERT INTO track VALUES ( 14 , ' Mr. Bojangles ' , NULL ) ; sqlite > --
Trying to modify the trackartist field of the record after it has sqlite > -- been inserted does not work either , since the new value of trackartist ( 3 ) sqlite > --
Still does not correspond to any row in the artist table .
sqlite > UPDATE track SET trackartist = 3 WHERE trackname = ' Mr. Bojangles ' ; SQL error : foreign key constraint failed sqlite > --
Insert the required row into the artist table .
It is then possible to sqlite > -- update the inserted row to set trackartist to 3 ( since a corresponding sqlite > -- row in the artist table now exists ) .
sqlite > INSERT INTO artist VALUES ( 3 , ' Sammy Davis Jr. ' ) ; sqlite >
UPDATE track SET trackartist = 3 WHERE trackname = ' Mr. Bojangles ' ; sqlite > --
Now that " Sammy Davis Jr. " ( artistid = 3 ) has been added to the database , sqlite > -- it is possible to INSERT new tracks using this artist without violating sqlite > -- the foreign key constraint : sqlite > INSERT INTO track VALUES ( 15 , ' Boogie Woogie ' , 3 ) ;
As you would expect , it is not possible to manipulate the database to a state that violates the foreign key constraint by deleting or updating rows in the artist table either :
sqlite > --
Attempting to delete the artist record for " Frank Sinatra " fails , since sqlite > -- the track table contains a row that refer to it .
sqlite >
DELETE FROM artist WHERE artistname = ' Frank Sinatra ' ; SQL error : foreign key constraint failed sqlite > --
Delete all the records from the track table that refer to the artist sqlite > -- " Frank Sinatra " .
Only then is it possible to delete the artist .
sqlite > DELETE FROM track WHERE trackname = ' My Way ' ; sqlite > DELETE FROM artist WHERE artistname = ' Frank Sinatra ' ; sqlite > --
Try to update the artistid of a row in the artist table while there sqlite > -- exists records in the track table that refer to it .
sqlite >
UPDATE artist SET artistid=4 WHERE artistname = ' Dean Martin ' ; SQL error : foreign key constraint failed sqlite > --
Once all the records that refer to a row in the artist table have sqlite > -- been deleted , it is possible to modify the artistid of the row .
sqlite > DELETE FROM track WHERE trackname IN ( ' That ''s Amore ' , ' Christmas Blues ' ) ; sqlite > UPDATE artist SET artistid=4 WHERE artistname = ' Dean Martin ' ;
SQLite uses the following terminology :
The parent table is the table that a foreign key constraint refers to .
The parent table in the example in this section is the artist table .
Some books and articles refer to this as the referenced table , which is arguably more correct , but tends to lead to confusion .
The child table is the table that a foreign key constraint is applied to and the table that contains the REFERENCES clause .
The example in this section uses the track table as the child table .
Other books and articles refer to this as the referencing table .
The parent key is the column or set of columns in the parent table that the foreign key constraint refers to .
This is normally , but not always , the primary key of the parent table .
The parent key must be a named column or columns in the parent table , not the rowid .
The child key is the column or set of columns in the child table that are constrained by the foreign key constraint and which hold the REFERENCES clause .
The foreign key constraint is satisfied if for each row in the child table either one or more of the child key columns are NULL , or there exists a row in the parent table for which each parent key column contains a value equal to the value in its associated child key column .
In the above paragraph , the term " equal " means equal when values are compared using the rules specified here .
The following clarifications apply :
When comparing text values , the collating sequence associated with the parent key column is always used .
When comparing values , if the parent key column has an affinity , then that affinity is applied to the child key value before the comparison is performed .
2. Enabling Foreign Key Support
In order to use foreign key constraints in SQLite , the library must be compiled with neither SQLITE_OMIT_FOREIGN_KEY or SQLITE_OMIT_TRIGGER defined .
If SQLITE_OMIT_TRIGGER is defined but SQLITE_OMIT_FOREIGN_KEY
is not , then SQLite behaves as it did prior to version 3.6.19 ( 2009 - 10 - 14 ) - foreign key definitions are parsed and may be queried using PRAGMA foreign_key_list , but foreign key constraints are not enforced .
The PRAGMA foreign_keys command is a no-op in this configuration .
If OMIT_FOREIGN_KEY is defined , then foreign key definitions cannot even be parsed ( attempting to specify a foreign key definition is a syntax error ) .
Assuming the library is compiled with foreign key constraints enabled , it must still be enabled by the application at runtime , using the PRAGMA foreign_keys command .
For example :
sqlite > PRAGMA foreign_keys = ON ;
Foreign key constraints are disabled by default ( for backwards compatibility ) , so must be enabled separately for each database connection .
( Note , however , that future releases of SQLite might change so that foreign key constraints enabled by default .
Careful developers will not make any assumptions about whether or not foreign keys are enabled by default but will instead enable or disable them as necessary . )
The application can also use a PRAGMA foreign_keys statement to determine if foreign keys are currently enabled .
The following command - line session demonstrates this :
sqlite > PRAGMA foreign_keys ; 0 sqlite > PRAGMA foreign_keys = ON ; sqlite > PRAGMA foreign_keys ; 1 sqlite > PRAGMA foreign_keys = OFF ; sqlite > PRAGMA foreign_keys ; 0
Tip :
If the command " PRAGMA foreign_keys " returns no data instead of a single row containing " 0 " or " 1 " , then the version of SQLite you are using does not support foreign keys ( either because it is older than 3.6.19 or because it was compiled with SQLITE_OMIT_FOREIGN_KEY or SQLITE_OMIT_TRIGGER defined ) .
It is not possible to enable or disable foreign key constraints in the middle of a multi-statement transaction ( when SQLite is not in autocommit mode ) .
Attempting to do so does not return an error ; it simply has no effect .
3. Required and Suggested Database Indexes
Usually , the parent key of a foreign key constraint is the primary key of the parent table .
If they are not the primary key , then the parent key columns must be collectively subject to a UNIQUE constraint or have a UNIQUE index .
If the parent key columns have a UNIQUE index , then that index must use the collation sequences that are specified in the CREATE TABLE statement for the parent table .
For example ,
CREATE TABLE parent (a PRIMARY KEY , b UNIQUE , c , d , e , f ) ; CREATE UNIQUE INDEX i1 ON parent ( c , d ) ; CREATE INDEX i2 ON parent(e ) ; CREATE UNIQUE INDEX i3 ON parent(f COLLATE nocase ) ; CREATE TABLE child1 ( f , g REFERENCES parent ( a ) ) ; -- Ok CREATE TABLE child2(h , i REFERENCES parent ( b ) ) ; -- Ok CREATE TABLE child3 ( j , k , FOREIGN KEY( j , k) REFERENCES parent ( c , d ) ) ; -- Ok CREATE TABLE child4 ( l , m REFERENCES parent(e ) ) ; -- Error ! CREATE TABLE child5 ( n , o REFERENCES parent ( f ) ) ; -- Error ! CREATE TABLE child6 ( p , q , FOREIGN KEY( p , q ) REFERENCES parent( b , c ) ) ; -- Error ! CREATE TABLE child7(r REFERENCES parent ( c ) ) ; -- Error !
The foreign key constraints created as part of tables child1 , child2 and child3 are all fine .
The foreign key declared as part of table child4 is an error because even though the parent key column is indexed , the index is not UNIQUE .
The foreign key for table child5 is an error because even though the parent key column has a unique index , the index uses a different collating sequence .
Tables child6 and child7 are incorrect because while both have UNIQUE indices on their parent keys , the keys are not an exact match to the columns of a single UNIQUE index .
If the database schema contains foreign key errors that require looking at more than one table definition to identify , then those errors are not detected when the tables are created .
Instead , such errors prevent the application from preparing SQL statements that modify the content of the child or parent tables in ways that use the foreign keys .
Errors reported when content is changed are " DML errors " and errors reported when the schema is changed are " DDL errors " .
So , in other words , misconfigured foreign key constraints that require looking at both the child and parent are DML errors .
The English language error message for foreign key DML errors is usually " foreign key mismatch " but can also be " no such table " if the parent table does not exist .
Foreign key DML errors are reported if :
The parent table does not exist , or
The parent key columns named in the foreign key constraint do not exist , or
The parent key columns named in the foreign key constraint are not the primary key of the parent table and are not subject to a unique constraint using collating sequence specified in the CREATE TABLE , or
The child table references the primary key of the parent without specifying the primary key columns and the number of primary key columns in the parent do not match the number of child key columns .
The last bullet above is illustrated by the following :
CREATE TABLE parent2 ( a , b , PRIMARY KEY( a , b ) ) ; CREATE TABLE child8 ( x , y , FOREIGN KEY( x , y ) REFERENCES parent2 ) ; -- Ok CREATE TABLE child9( x REFERENCES parent2 ) ; -- Error ! CREATE TABLE child10 ( x , y,z , FOREIGN KEY( x , y, z ) REFERENCES parent2 ) ; -- Error !
By contrast , if foreign key errors can be recognized simply by looking at the definition of the child table and without having to consult the parent table definition , then the CREATE TABLE statement for the child table fails .
Because the error occurs during a schema change , this is a DDL error .
Foreign key DDL errors are reported regardless of whether or not foreign key constraints are enabled when the table is created .
Indices are not required for child key columns but they are almost always beneficial .
Returning to the example in section 1 , each time an application deletes a row from the artist table ( the parent table ) , it performs the equivalent of the following SELECT statement to search for referencing rows in the track table ( the child table ) .
SELECT rowid FROM track WHERE trackartist = ?
where ?
in the above is replaced with the value of the artistid column of the record being deleted from the artist table ( recall that the trackartist column is the child key and the artistid column is the parent key ) .
Or , more generally :
SELECT rowid FROM < child - table >
WHERE < child - key > = :parent_key_value
If this SELECT returns any rows at all , then SQLite concludes that deleting the row from the parent table would violate the foreign key constraint and returns an error .
Similar queries may be run if the content of the parent key is modified or a new row is inserted into the parent table .
If these queries cannot use an index , they are forced to do a linear scan of the entire child table .
In a non-trivial database , this may be prohibitively expensive .
So , in most real systems , an index should be created on the child key columns of each foreign key constraint .
The child key index does not have to be ( and usually will not be ) a UNIQUE index .
Returning again to the example in section 1 , the complete database schema for efficient implementation of the foreign key constraint might be :
CREATE TABLE artist ( artistid INTEGER PRIMARY KEY , artistname TEXT ) ; CREATE TABLE track ( trackid INTEGER , trackname TEXT , trackartist INTEGER REFERENCES artist ) ; CREATE INDEX trackindex ON track ( trackartist ) ;
The block above uses a shorthand form to create the foreign key constraint .
Attaching a " REFERENCES < parent - table > " clause to a column definition creates a foreign key constraint that maps the column to the primary key of < parent - table > .
Refer to the CREATE TABLE documentation for further details .
4. Advanced Foreign Key Constraint Features
4.1 . Composite Foreign Key Constraints
A composite foreign key constraint is one where the child and parent keys are both composite keys .
For example , consider the following database schema :
CREATE TABLE album ( albumartist TEXT , albumname TEXT , albumcover BINARY , PRIMARY KEY ( albumartist , albumname ) ) ; CREATE TABLE song ( songid INTEGER , songartist TEXT , songalbum TEXT , songname TEXT , FOREIGN KEY ( songartist , songalbum ) REFERENCES album ( albumartist , albumname ) ) ;
In this system , each entry in the song table is required to map to an entry in the album table with the same combination of artist and album .
Parent and child keys must have the same cardinality .
In SQLite , if any of the child key columns ( in this case songartist and songalbum ) are NULL , then there is no requirement for a corresponding row in the parent table .
4.2 . Deferred Foreign Key Constraints
Each foreign key constraint in SQLite is classified as either immediate or deferred .
Foreign key constraints are immediate by default .
All the foreign key examples presented so far have been of immediate foreign key constraints .
If a statement modifies the contents of the database so that an immediate foreign key constraint is in violation at the conclusion the statement , an exception is thrown and the effects of the statement are reverted .
By contrast , if a statement modifies the contents of the database such that a deferred foreign key constraint is violated , the violation is not reported immediately .
Deferred foreign key constraints are not checked until the transaction tries to COMMIT .
For as long as the user has an open transaction , the database is allowed to exist in a state that violates any number of deferred foreign key constraints .
However , COMMIT will fail as long as foreign key constraints remain in violation .
If the current statement is not inside an explicit transaction ( a BEGIN / COMMIT / ROLLBACK block ) , then an implicit transaction is committed as soon as the statement has finished executing .
In this case deferred constraints behave the same as immediate constraints .
To mark a foreign key constraint as deferred , its declaration must include the following clause :
DEFERRABLE INITIALLY DEFERRED --
A deferred foreign key constraint
The full syntax for specifying foreign key constraints is available as part of the CREATE TABLE documentation .
Replacing the phrase above with any of the following creates an immediate foreign key constraint .
NOT DEFERRABLE INITIALLY DEFERRED --
An immediate foreign key constraint NOT DEFERRABLE INITIALLY IMMEDIATE --
An immediate foreign key constraint NOT DEFERRABLE --
An immediate foreign key constraint DEFERRABLE INITIALLY IMMEDIATE --
An immediate foreign key constraint DEFERRABLE --
An immediate foreign key constraint
The defer_foreign_keys pragma can be used to temporarily change all foreign key constraints to deferred regardless of how they are declared .
The following example illustrates the effect of using a deferred foreign key constraint .
-- Database schema .
Both tables are initially empty .
CREATE TABLE artist ( artistid INTEGER PRIMARY KEY , artistname TEXT ) ; CREATE TABLE track ( trackid INTEGER , trackname TEXT , trackartist INTEGER REFERENCES artist ( artistid ) DEFERRABLE INITIALLY DEFERRED ) ; sqlite3 > --
If the foreign key constraint were immediate , this INSERT would sqlite3 > -- cause an error ( since as there is no row in table artist with sqlite3 > -- artistid=5 ) .
But as the constraint is deferred and there is an sqlite3 > -- open transaction , no error occurs .
sqlite3 > BEGIN ; sqlite3 > INSERT INTO track VALUES ( 1 , ' White Christmas ' , 5 ) ; sqlite3 > --
The following COMMIT fails , as the database is in a state that sqlite3 > -- does not satisfy the deferred foreign key constraint .
The sqlite3 > -- transaction remains open .
sqlite3 > COMMIT ; SQL error : foreign key constraint failed sqlite3 > --
After inserting a row into the artist table with artistid=5 , the sqlite3 > -- deferred foreign key constraint is satisfied .
It is then possible sqlite3 > -- to commit the transaction without error .
sqlite3 > INSERT INTO artist VALUES ( 5 , ' Bing Crosby ' ) ; sqlite3 >
COMMIT ;
A nested savepoint transaction may be RELEASEd while the database is in a state that does not satisfy a deferred foreign key constraint .
A transaction savepoint ( a non-nested savepoint that was opened while there was not currently an open transaction ) , on the other hand , is subject to the same restrictions as a COMMIT - attempting to RELEASE it while the database is in such a state will fail .
If a COMMIT statement ( or the RELEASE of a transaction SAVEPOINT ) fails because the database is currently in a state that violates a deferred foreign key constraint and there are currently nested savepoints , the nested savepoints remain open .
4.3 . ON DELETE and ON UPDATE Actions
Foreign key ON DELETE and ON UPDATE clauses are used to configure actions that take place when deleting rows from the parent table ( ON DELETE ) , or modifying the parent key values of existing rows ( ON UPDATE ) .
A single foreign key constraint may have different actions configured for ON DELETE and ON UPDATE .
Foreign key actions are similar to triggers in many ways .
The ON DELETE and ON UPDATE action associated with each foreign key in an SQLite database is one of " NO ACTION " , " RESTRICT " , " SET NULL " , " SET DEFAULT " or " CASCADE " .
If an action is not explicitly specified , it defaults to " NO ACTION " .
NO ACTION : Configuring " NO ACTION " means just that : when a parent key is modified or deleted from the database , no special action is taken .
RESTRICT : The " RESTRICT " action means that the application is prohibited from deleting ( for ON DELETE RESTRICT ) or modifying ( for ON UPDATE RESTRICT ) a parent key when there exists one or more child keys mapped to it .
The difference between the effect of a RESTRICT action and normal foreign key constraint enforcement is that the RESTRICT action processing happens as soon as the field is updated - not at the end of the current statement as it would with an immediate constraint , or at the end of the current transaction as it would with a deferred constraint .
Even if the foreign key constraint it is attached to is deferred , configuring a RESTRICT action causes SQLite to return an error immediately if a parent key with dependent child keys is deleted or modified .
SET NULL :
If the configured action is " SET NULL " , then when a parent key is deleted ( for ON DELETE SET NULL ) or modified ( for ON UPDATE SET NULL ) , the child key columns of all rows in the child table that mapped to the parent key are set to contain SQL NULL values .
SET DEFAULT : The " SET DEFAULT " actions are similar to " SET NULL " , except that each of the child key columns is set to contain the columns default value instead of NULL .
Refer to the CREATE TABLE documentation for details on how default values are assigned to table columns .
CASCADE : A " CASCADE " action propagates the delete or update operation on the parent key to each dependent child key .
For an " ON DELETE CASCADE " action , this means that each row in the child table that was associated with the deleted parent row is also deleted .
For an " ON UPDATE CASCADE " action , it means that the values stored in each dependent child key are modified to match the new parent key values .
For example , adding an " ON UPDATE CASCADE " clause to the foreign key as shown below enhances the example schema from section 1 to allow the user to update the artistid ( the parent key of the foreign key constraint ) column without breaking referential integrity :
-- Database schema CREATE TABLE artist ( artistid INTEGER PRIMARY KEY , artistname TEXT ) ; CREATE TABLE track ( trackid INTEGER , trackname TEXT , trackartist INTEGER REFERENCES artist ( artistid ) ON UPDATE CASCADE ) ; sqlite >
SELECT * FROM artist ; artistid artistname --------
-----------------
1 Dean Martin 2 Frank Sinatra sqlite > SELECT * FROM track ; trackid trackname trackartist -------
----------------- -----------
11 That 's Amore 1 12 Christmas Blues 1 13 My Way 2 sqlite > --
Update the artistid column of the artist record for " Dean Martin " .
sqlite > --
Normally , this would raise a constraint , as it would orphan the two sqlite > -- dependent records in the track table .
However , the ON UPDATE CASCADE clause sqlite > -- attached to the foreign key definition causes the update to " cascade " sqlite > -- to the child table , preventing the foreign key constraint violation .
sqlite > UPDATE artist SET artistid = 100 WHERE artistname = ' Dean Martin ' ; sqlite > SELECT * FROM artist ; artistid artistname --------
-----------------
2 Frank Sinatra 100 Dean Martin sqlite > SELECT * FROM track ; trackid trackname trackartist -------
----------------- -----------
11
That 's Amore 100 12 Christmas Blues 100 13 My Way 2
Configuring an ON UPDATE or ON DELETE action does not mean that the foreign key constraint does not need to be satisfied .
For example , if an " ON DELETE SET DEFAULT " action is configured , but there is no row in the parent table that corresponds to the default values of the child key columns , deleting a parent key while dependent child keys exist still causes a foreign key violation .
For example :
-- Database schema CREATE TABLE artist ( artistid INTEGER PRIMARY KEY , artistname TEXT ) ; CREATE TABLE track ( trackid INTEGER , trackname TEXT , trackartist INTEGER DEFAULT 0 REFERENCES artist ( artistid ) ON DELETE SET DEFAULT ) ; sqlite >
SELECT * FROM artist ; artistid artistname --------
-----------------
3 Sammy Davis Jr. sqlite > SELECT * FROM track ; trackid trackname trackartist -------
----------------- ----------- 14 Mr. Bojangles 3 sqlite > --
Deleting the row from the parent table causes the child key sqlite > -- value of the dependent row to be set to integer value 0 .
However , this sqlite > -- value does not correspond to any row in the parent table .
Therefore sqlite > -- the foreign key constraint is violated and an is exception thrown .
sqlite > DELETE FROM artist WHERE artistname = ' Sammy Davis Jr. ' ; SQL error : foreign key constraint failed sqlite > --
This time , the value 0 does correspond to a parent table row .
And sqlite > -- so the DELETE statement does not violate the foreign key constraint sqlite > -- and no exception is thrown .
sqlite > INSERT INTO artist VALUES ( 0 , ' Unknown Artist ' ) ; sqlite > DELETE FROM artist WHERE artistname = ' Sammy Davis Jr. ' ; sqlite >
SELECT * FROM artist ; artistid artistname --------
-----------------
0 Unknown Artist sqlite > SELECT * FROM track ; trackid trackname trackartist -------
----------------- -----------
14 Mr. Bojangles 0
Those familiar with SQLite triggers will have noticed that the " ON DELETE SET DEFAULT " action demonstrated in the example above is similar in effect to the following AFTER DELETE trigger :
CREATE TRIGGER on_delete_set_default AFTER DELETE ON artist BEGIN UPDATE child SET trackartist = 0 WHERE trackartist = old.artistid ; END ;
Whenever a row in the parent table of a foreign key constraint is deleted , or when the values stored in the parent key column or columns are modified , the logical sequence of events is :
Execute applicable BEFORE trigger programs , Check local ( non foreign key ) constraints , Update or delete the row in the parent table , Perform any required foreign key actions , Execute applicable AFTER trigger programs .
There is one important difference between ON UPDATE foreign key actions and SQL triggers .
An ON UPDATE action is only taken if the values of the parent key are modified so that the new parent key values are not equal to the old .
For example :
-- Database schema CREATE TABLE parent(x PRIMARY KEY ) ; CREATE TABLE child(y REFERENCES parent ON UPDATE SET NULL ) ; sqlite >
SELECT * FROM parent ; x ---- key sqlite >
SELECT * FROM child ; y ---- key sqlite > --
Since the following UPDATE statement does not actually modify sqlite > -- the parent key value , the ON UPDATE action is not performed and sqlite > -- the child key value is not set to NULL .
sqlite > UPDATE parent SET x = ' key ' ; sqlite > SELECT IFNULL(y , ' null ' ) FROM child ; y ---- key sqlite > --
This time , since the UPDATE statement does modify the parent key sqlite > -- value , the ON UPDATE action is performed and the child key is set sqlite > -- to NULL . sqlite > UPDATE parent SET x = ' key2 ' ; sqlite > SELECT IFNULL(y , ' null ' ) FROM child ; y ---- null
5. CREATE , ALTER and DROP TABLE commands
This section describes the way the CREATE TABLE , ALTER TABLE , and DROP TABLE commands interact with SQLite 's foreign keys .
A CREATE TABLE command operates the same whether or not foreign key constraints are enabled .
The parent key definitions of foreign key constraints are not checked when a table is created .
There is nothing stopping the user from creating a foreign key definition that refers to a parent table that does not exist , or to parent key columns that do not exist or are not collectively bound by a PRIMARY KEY or UNIQUE constraint .
The ALTER TABLE command works differently in two respects when foreign key constraints are enabled :
It is not possible to use the " ALTER TABLE ... ADD COLUMN " syntax to add a column that includes a REFERENCES clause , unless the default value of the new column is NULL .
Attempting to do so returns an error .
If an " ALTER TABLE ... RENAME TO " command is used to rename a table that is the parent table of one or more foreign key constraints , the definitions of the foreign key constraints are modified to refer to the parent table by its new name .
The text of the child CREATE TABLE statement or statements stored in the sqlite_schema table are modified to reflect the new parent table name .
If foreign key constraints are enabled when it is prepared , the DROP TABLE command performs an implicit DELETE to remove all rows from the table before dropping it .
The implicit DELETE does not cause any SQL triggers to fire , but may invoke foreign key actions or constraint violations .
If an immediate foreign key constraint is violated , the DROP TABLE statement fails and the table is not dropped .
If a deferred foreign key constraint is violated , then an error is reported when the user attempts to commit the transaction if the foreign key constraint violations still exist at that point .
Any " foreign key mismatch " errors encountered as part of an implicit DELETE are ignored .
The intent of these enhancements to the ALTER TABLE and DROP TABLE commands is to ensure that they cannot be used to create a database that contains foreign key violations , at least while foreign key constraints are enabled .
There is one exception to this rule though .
If a parent key is not subject to a PRIMARY KEY or UNIQUE constraint created as part of the parent table definition , but is subject to a UNIQUE constraint by virtue of an index created using the CREATE INDEX command , then the child table may be populated without causing a " foreign key mismatch " error .
If the UNIQUE index is dropped from the database schema , then the parent table itself is dropped , no error will be reported .
However the database may be left in a state where the child table of the foreign key constraint contains rows that do not refer to any parent table row .
This case can be avoided if all parent keys in the database schema are constrained by PRIMARY KEY or UNIQUE constraints added as part of the parent table definition , not by external UNIQUE indexes .
The properties of the DROP TABLE and ALTER TABLE commands described above only apply if foreign keys are enabled .
If the user considers them undesirable , then the workaround is to use PRAGMA foreign_keys to disable foreign key constraints before executing the DROP or ALTER TABLE command .
Of course , while foreign key constraints are disabled , there is nothing to stop the user from violating foreign key constraints and thus creating an internally inconsistent database .
6. Limits and Unsupported Features
This section lists a few limitations and omitted features that are not mentioned elsewhere .
No support for the MATCH clause .
According to SQL92 , a MATCH clause may be attached to a composite foreign key definition to modify the way NULL values that occur in child keys are handled .
If " MATCH SIMPLE " is specified , then a child key is not required to correspond to any row of the parent table if one or more of the child key values are NULL .
If " MATCH FULL " is specified , then if any of the child key values is NULL , no corresponding row in the parent table is required , but all child key values must be NULL .
Finally , if the foreign key constraint is declared as " MATCH PARTIAL " and one of the child key values is NULL , there must exist at least one row in the parent table for which the non-NULL child key values match the parent key values .
SQLite parses MATCH clauses ( i.e. does not report a syntax error if you specify one ) , but does not enforce them .
All foreign key constraints in SQLite are handled as if MATCH SIMPLE were specified .
No support for switching constraints between deferred and immediate mode .
Many systems allow the user to toggle individual foreign key constraints between deferred and immediate mode at runtime ( for example using the Oracle " SET CONSTRAINT " command ) .
SQLite does not support this .
In SQLite , a foreign key constraint is permanently marked as deferred or immediate when it is created .
Recursion limit on foreign key actions .
The SQLITE_MAX_TRIGGER_DEPTH and SQLITE_LIMIT_TRIGGER_DEPTH
settings determine the maximum allowable depth of trigger program recursion .
For the purposes of these limits , foreign key actions are considered trigger programs .
The PRAGMA recursive_triggers setting does not affect the operation of foreign key actions .
It is not possible to disable recursive foreign key actions .
By Jonathan Amos
Science reporter , BBC News
Planck builds up a picture of the whole sky , one strip at a time
More details
The European telescope sent far from Earth to study the oldest light in the Universe has returned its first images .
The Planck observatory , launched in May , is surveying radiation that first swept out across space just 380,000 years after the Big Bang .
The light holds details about the age , contents and evolution of the cosmos .
The new images show off Planck 's capabilities now that it has been set up , although major science results are not expected for a couple of years .
" The images show first of all that we are working and that we are able to map the sky , " said Planck project scientist Dr Jan Tauber .
" They show that in areas where we expect to see certain things , we do indeed see them , that we are able to image very faint emission , and finally that the two instruments are working in tandem well , " he told BBC News .
Background information Planck is a European Space Agency ( Esa ) endeavour .
It was launched on an Ariane rocket and thrown out to an observing position some 1.5 million km from Earth .
PLANCK SPACE TELESCOPE
The Planck observatory always points away from the Sun and rotates once per minute
As it rotates , it gathers precise temperature information from a narrow " strip " of the sky The strips are then fitted together to form an unprecedented thermal picture of our Universe
It will take about six months to cover the whole sky .
The aim is to map the sky at least twice
Planck achieves ultra-cold state
It is trying to make the finest - ever measurements of what has become known as the Cosmic Microwave Background ( CMB ) .
This is light that was finally allowed to move out across space once a post - Big - Bang Universe had cooled sufficiently to permit the formation of hydrogen atoms .
Before that time , scientists say , the Universe would have been so hot that matter and radiation would have been " coupled " - the cosmos would have been opaque .
Researchers can detect temperature variations in this ancient heat energy that give them insights into the early structure of the Universe .
With Planck , they also hope to find firm evidence of " inflation " , the faster - than - light expansion that cosmologists believe the Universe experienced in its first , fleeting moments .
Theory predicts this event ought to be " imprinted " in the CMB and the detail should be retrievable with sufficiently sensitive instruments .
Planck is designed to have that capability .
Its detectors , or bolometers , are the most sensitive ever flown in space , and operate at a staggering minus 273.05C - just a tenth of a degree above what scientists term " absolute zero " .
" In terms of the instrumental performance , we are getting what we expected from ground testing , " explained Dr Tauber .
Stripped - down
The work to fully commission and optimise Planck for science was completed in mid-August .
It was then immediately followed by the " first light " survey that produced the new images .
The pictures are essentially maps of a strip of the sky , one for each of the nine frequencies Planck uses .
Each map is a ring , about 15 degrees wide , stretching across the full sky .
The telescope is kept phenomenally cold to carry out its work
The telescope has now begun routine operations .
It will take the observatory roughly six months to assemble a complete map of the sky .
The mission objectives call for at least two of these maps to be made .
It will be at least a couple of years before the Planck research teams are able to present some of their major scientific findings .
" The mission has gone much better than I expected so far , " said Dr Tauber .
" It 's been an unexpectedly smooth ride .
We 've had the usual minor hitches here and there , but I think overall it is doing fantastically well .
Everything is chugging away and we are collecting data . "
Planck 's co-passenger on May's Ariane launch was the Herschel Space Observatory .
It views the cosmos at shorter wavelengths , in the far - infrared , allowing it to peer through clouds of dust and gas to see stars at the moment they are born .
It is currently still in its demonstration phase , collecting images designed to show off its capabilities .
Two of its instruments are working well .
A third , however , is currently down after experiencing a fault .
Engineers can switch to a back up system to reactivate the Heterodyne Instrument for the Far Infrared ( HiFi ) but they do not intend to do that until they can understand the cause the anomaly .
HiFi is a spectrometer that will identify elements and molecules in the clouds of gas and dust which give rise to stars .
Jonathan .
Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Is Kanye West the new “ Soy Bomb ” ?
Moments after Taylor Swift ’s win for Best Female Video ( “ You Belong With Me ” ) was announced tonight at MTV’s Video Music Awards ( check out our live blog ) , a furious Mr. West ran onstage , grabbed a mic , and interrupted her acceptance speech to announce his belief that Beyonce ’s “ Single Ladies ” deserved that award instead .
Now , we can argue all day and night about whether or not Beyonce was robbed — hey , I like both videos in question — but that was a pretty uncool move on Kanye ’s part .
We ’re talking about a 19 - year - old .
Let her have her moment !
I ’m sure an artist as poised and graceful as Beyonce would n’t have approved of such obnoxious behavior .
And what happened to “ I do n’t get offended anymore , ” Yeezy ?
Of course , for all we know we ’ll find out tomorrow that this whole thing was a publicity stunt .
It sure looked real , though — a whole lot realer than , say , the Bruno / Eminem encounter from this year ’s MTV Movie Awards .
What did you think of what went down ?
More from EW ’s Music Mix :
Here 's something gross : I was given the world 's largest Cheeto .
So of course I had to eat it over the Optimus Maximus keyboard .
Do n't try this at home .
Advertisement
Because I am the token shameless jackass of the Gizmodo crew , I was the first person that came to mind when Rothman was offered a chance at the " World 's Largest Cheeto . "
This one - of - a - kind object is more buoy than snack , with the middle completely unseasoned by cheese and tasting basically exactly like styrofoam .
But I persevered .
It was stale and horrible .
I will never eat Cheetos again .
But hey , who am I to turn down a challenge of this magnitude ?
Advertisement
Also , sorry for ruining your keyboard , Art Lebedev .
It was in the name of science .
Posted on 14 September 2009 by ShepRamsey
Personally , I have yet to buy myself a Blu - Ray player , mainly because I have yet to by myself an HD TV , and a Blu - Ray player without an HD TV is like buying a gallon of gas without a car to put it in .
Do n’t think I have n’t been extremely tempted a time or two to put a massive dent in my savings by buying myself the latest and greatest in home entertainment technology , because I most certainly have .
But I just can’t .
Aside from the fact that I can’t afford it , I also have a bit of an issue on the sheer principle of the matter .
I ’m speaking of course ab out the fact that DVD simply has not yet run its full course !
How can we , the good citizens of North America ( or any other place , mind you ) be expected to switch our lives over to a brand new format of home entertainment , when the current format still is n’t done conquering the world of film ?
Right here , I ’ve compiled a list of five movies that I would really like to see get a Region 1 DVD release .
And I ’ve left off a few of the obvious ones like the theatrical cut of Grindhouse and Orson Welles ’s 1942 classic The Magnificient Ambersons .
Most of these are movies that most people probably have n’t heard of , and that ’s exactly why they could use a push from the digital age .
Some of them are n’t on DVD anywhere , while a few are only available on Region 2 or 3 or 666 or whatever .
Sure , you can try and find a region - free player , and in some instances I ’ve heard of a way that you can turn your own player into a region - free deal .
But aside from the fact that I ’m just not savvy enough to pull off either one of those things , I ’m also kind of insulted by the fact that Americans are apparently just not cool enough to get a proper release of some of these films .
( That , and I also thought that this would be an interesting thing to write about regardless .
So there ’s that bit of honesty .
I hope you enjoy ! )
1. Penn & Teller Get Killed
The title alone should be enough to incite curiosity in anyone !
Why is America letting this movie drift off into obscurity ?
This film is not only a very amusing dark comedy and starring vehicle for the popular gory - tricks - and - comedy duo Penn & Teller , but it was the final film of Bonnie & Clyde and Night Moves director Arthur Penn .
Penn Jillette and his silent partner
Teller , playing themselves , make an appearance on a national TV talk show where Penn wishes aloud that someone was trying to kill him , so that his life would be more exciting .
His wish is granted .
It ’s no masterpiece — some of it ’s kinda meandering , some of it ’s a little annoying , and some of it just falls flat — but all in all it ’s a pretty entertaining 90 minutes that culminates in a brutally hilarious final five minutes that make the whole movie 100 % worthwhile .
This one does n’t need some big fancy Criterion Collection release or anything ( although I would n’t put up a fight ) ; it would do fine with nothing more than a bare - bones DVD with a decent - enough widescreen transfer .
Is that really so much to ask ?
2. I ’m a Cyborg , But That ’s OK
I ’ve probably made it clear a time or two before that I love Park Chan - wook .
I ’ve been frantically waiting for his new vampire film , Thirst , to open in my city , and his Oldboy is one of the most powerful films I ’ve ever seen in my life .
Luckily , that movie is available on DVD in America , and it ’s a damn fine edition , to boot .
Unfortunately , the same cannot be said for his 2006 dramedy I ’m a Cyborg , But That ’s OK , which has yet to see any official North American release as of yet .
I really wish I could say why , because I do n’t think it would have any trouble finding a devoted ( and possibly cult ) audience .
This movie , amid its outright strangeness and a couple of fantasy sequences involving robotic machine - gun shootouts , is such an endearing and sweet little film .
It tells the story of a girl in a mental institution who thinks she is a cyborg , and refuses to eat so that it does n’t gum up her works .
A fellow patient , who has a proclivity for stealing people ’s personality traits , uses his newfound sympathy ( which he stole from her at her own request ) to try and help her eat again .
It ’s a wonderful , strange , and oddly heart - warming story that greatly deserves some more exposure .
3. Brewster McCloud
Here ’s an early Robert Altman gem that he made in 1970 , right after his success with M* A * S*H .
It ’s got several M* A * S * H actors in it , like Rene Auberjonois and Sally Kellerman , as well as Altman regulars like Shellie Duvall and Michael Murphy .
The story concerns the titular Brewster ( played by Harold and Maude star Bud Cort ) who lives in a fallout shelter inside the Huston Astrodome and is working on building a giant pair of wings so that he can fly .
He has a guardian angel ( Kellerman ) who kills anyone who gives him shit .
Auberjonois is a stereotypical college professor and the Greek chorus of the film , seen intermittently throughout , talking directly to the audience about birds .
Throughout the course of the film , he himself starts turning into a bird .
Suffice it to say , it ’s an extremely strange movie that wrote the book on “ offbeat . ”
I feel like this movie would have a huge following with Wes Anderson fans , and anyone else who enjoys some good old fashioned indie weirdness .
A DVD release would open this movie up to cult of fans who do n’t even know it exists .
4. Santa Sangre
If you ’ve never seen an Alejandro Jodorowsky movie , then this one might seem like a pretty deranged little film .
If , however , you ’ve happened across El Topo or The Holy Mountain before , then this might seem fairly straightforward .
If nothing else , it ’s a visually arresting movie , and , at the end of the day , it ’s something of a surreal revisionist take on Alfred Hitchcock ’s Psycho .
And everyone loves Psycho !!
After being released from a mental institution , a former circus performer uses his own arms to act as the arms for his armless mother .
And momma ’s got a taste for blood …
It ’s a pretty fun watch , but it ’s never been released on Region 1 DVD .
As far as I know , there ’s only a Region 2 disc , but it appears to be a pretty souped - up little package .
Why not throw a little bit of that love this way ?
Maybe , if Jodorowsky ’s King Shot ever gets off the ground ( and God , I hope it does ! ! ) , we might be seeing a North American rerelease of this film .
To be honest , though , I do n’t know why someone did n’t do it a couple of years ago when Anchor Bay released its Jodorowsky boxed set .
Probably a legal dispute , I imagine .
It always is .
5. Until the End of the World
German director Wim Wenders ’s future - set globe - hopping 1991 sci- fi movie was released in America to very few screens an d an all - around underwhelming reception .
Nevertheless , it really is a pretty cool movie in its heavily - cut 158 - minute theatrical version .
This , however , is the version that Wenders hates and refers to as the “ Reader ’s Digest ” version .
There ’s another cut , a “ European cut , ” that runs 179 minutes , which is–oddly enough–available mainly in Japan .
The real treasure , however , is the Wenders - approved 280 - minute ( or 4 - hour - and - 40 - minute ) “ trilogy version , ” which I would absolutely love to see , and hope to hunt down a copy of sooner or later .
I ’ve also heard rumors of an 8 - hour cut and a 20 - hour ( yes , I said twenty - hour ! ) cut , but I ’m not sure how much truth there is to that .
The 280 - minute director ’s cut , however , is available on Region 2 DVD in Italy and Germany , but no such luck in America .
It ’s been screened a time or two by Wenders , with plans at one point to be released by Anchor Bay .
But those plans fell through the cracks and now , with the original U.S. theatrical cut only available on an out - of - print VHS ( which I at least have a copy of ) , we do n’t have any DVD version of this film in America to be discovered by an audience who might appreciate it .
And this is n’t the only Wenders film to be ignored by the digital age , either .
Two parts of his “ Road Movie Trilogy , ” Alice in the Cities and Kings of the Road , are also not available on DVD .
Long , sad sigh .
Google 's economist Hal Varian says Google 's search patterns show that the economy is recovering :
Cecilia Kang , WaPo :
In March , the number of Google users searching for information about unemployment benefits or employment centers began to drop , Varian said .
Overall unemployment has continued to climb , of course , but new jobless claims have declined since peaking earlier this year .
" As a contemporaneous predictor , predicting the present through search queries has been a pretty good predictor of initial ( jobless ) claims , " said Varian , who was visiting Washington this week to make the case that government agencies should use Google tools to better draw current snapshots of consumer sentiment , corporate health and social interests .
There also has been an increase in searches for homes and real estate agents , he said , possibly foreshadowing new strength for the housing market .
Google Trends , a tool that aggregates search terms , also showed an early spike in interest in the government 's " Cash for Clunkers " auto purchase incentive program this summer .
Read the whole thing >
Telstra 's national internet network went down for an hour today , the company says .
The outage affected all Telstra home and businesses broadband and mobile internet customers nationwide , between 7.50 am and 8.50 am , a spokesman said .
The company formed a major incident response team to investigate the outage .
It 's not yet known what caused it .
Another spokesman told Sky News that customers could not access any international sites or Australian sites containing international links .
Internet forums and micro-blogging site Twitter lit up with posts on the problem .
" Massive failure on Telstra 's part this morning , their entire network , and hence ours , chewed up and spat out by the network god , " one user wrote .
Modeling for architecture : How to create curved curtain walls in Blender 3D ?
At some point in the modeling process we have to use a mix of features of Blender , to get the shape we need in our modeling projects .
If you do n't know the right set of tools , objects like a curved curtain wall can turn into a real modeling nightmare .
This is a type of object that often appears in big commercial projects and office buildings , and artists involved with architectural visualization projects will eventually have to model one of them at some point .
In Blender 3D we can create this type of object in an easy way , only by using the right set of tools .
To create an object like this in Blender , we have to use a combination of two modifiers , which are the Array and the Curve modifiers .
How it works ?
Let 's find out !
The first thing you will need to follow up this tutorial is a frame that will later be copied to create the wall .
This frame can be created easily with only a few extrudes .
If you want to add a bit more of realism , this frame can receive extra details , with tools like the Solidify Selection script , and create the place to infill the frame with the glass .
Here is an example of a frame :
The hardest part of the tutorial is related with the creation of the frame that will be copied now with the Array Modifier .
Add an Array modifier to create a series of copied frames along one axis .
In my case , I have added two arrays to copy the objects in the X and Z axis 7 and 2 respectively .
Now , the next step is to add a Bezier Curve to the scene and change the size of the curve to make it fit the size of the curtain wall .
When the size of the curve is right , add to the curtain another modifier and this time choose a Curve Modifier .
Set the name of the OB option on the modifier with the name of the curve .
If you followed all steps , now all you have to do is edit the curve and the wall will bend to fit the curve .
The great thing about this technique is that when a frame if curved no edged or vertices are deformed !
If you want to see a video about this procedure , I have uploaded a tutorial Curved Curtain Walls in HD to my Vimeo Account , and you can check it here .
There is only one small detail about the tutorial ; the narration of the video is not in English .
Just turn down the volume of the video , and follow the procedure showed in the video .
What makes yawning so contagious ?
Empathy , as it turns out , causes us to respond to a friend ’s boredom .
Children as young as two can display the basic capacity to understand how others feel , and respond accordingly , and several studies have indicated that this trait is so ingrained that we even respond to computer - generated animations , cartoons , and puppets .
Empathy is n’t only limited to humans .
The chimpanzee and many of our other primate relatives are fully capable of processing complex emotions and behaviors .
Chimps can also learn new abilities by watching their peers ' actions and copying them .
Matthew Campbell , a post - doctoral fellow at Emory University who studies primate behavior , and his colleagues wanted to see whether chimps identify with computer animations the same way they do with expressions from real - life animals .
The ( perhaps ) surprising answer : yes , they do .
The results are reported in the Proceedings of the Royal Society B .
You may be wondering why scientists are so interested in finding out whether or not chimps respond to computer - animated stimuli .
It turns out to be a practicality issue .
To study the full range of behaviors in primates , researchers need to be able to replicate them , which they do by filming real - life examples .
But therein lies the problem .
Scientists need to have reproducibility in their experiments so that other scientists , working independently , can repeat them later on .
Few things are less reproducible than complex animal behaviors .
Scientists are also interested in obtaining examples of " impossible " behaviors , which the authors define as " behaviors not in the repertoire of the subjects or species . "
While these could yield crucial new insights into animal cognition , emotion , and behavior , they are , by definition , impossible to generate , much less replicate .
A computer program that recreates behaviors and expressions would therefore allow researchers to circumvent these nagging issues .
A study done last year concluded that chimps interpret computer animations in the same way that they did real images , but Campbell and his co-authors wanted to determine whether the chimps would also respond to the animations .
They chose to test their response to animated yawns for two reasons : contagious yawning is involuntary , and the behavior has been observed in chimps before .
The authors made 24 chimps watch three - dimensional computer animations of chimpanzees yawning or controls where they were just moving their mouths .
The soundless animations were presented from several different viewing angles and perspectives and lasted 10 seconds each .
The 10 second animation clips were then assembled into 15 minute long yawn and control videos .
To put the chimps at ease while viewing the videos , they were tested in pairs chosen for compatibility .
Half of the subjects watched the yawn video first while the other half started with the control video .
Their responses to the animations were evaluated for the number of yawns and the amount of time they spent watching the monitor .
Overall , the subjects yawned much more often in response to the yawn video than they did to the control video .
Contagious yawning in chimps , as in humans , thus seems to occur as an act of subconscious identification rather than as an act of purposeful imitation .
However , they spent roughly equal amounts of time looking at each video , suggesting that one stimulus was not more compelling than other .
Repeated viewings did n't change the number of yawns induced , so the authors concluded that boredom on the part of the chimps did not bias their results .
( The number of yawns during the control video did go up as its novelty wore off , though . )
The authors are currently investigating whether animated yawns produce a greater or lesser response than real - life yawns .
In the next phase of their experiment , they also plan on separating the chimps before making them watch the videos in order to ensure that one is n't simply imitating another 's actions .
The obvious way to expand on these results is to determine how many other animals , primates or otherwise , respond to computer animations .
If this technique can be applied to a range of other mammals , it could open the door to many innovative experiments in cognitive and behavioral science , and teach us something new about ourselves in the process .
Proc. R. Soc. B , 2009 .
DOI : 10.1098/rspb.2009.1087
Listing image by Flickr
An MQ - 9 Reaper drone 's fail - safe programming failed and it rushed through Afghanistan 's airspace on Sunday .
The US Air Force simply responded by sending a manned plane to shoot it down .
Turns out this is n't all that uncommon .
Advertisement
Apparently the pilots of an unmanned , but armed , MQ - 9 Reaper drone lost control of the UAV a few days ago .
The resulting manned mission to take it down was mounted almost immediately and ended successfully before the drone reached the edges of Afghanistan 's airspace .
I wonder what would 've happened if the Reaper had n't been shot down .
It is typically used for " hunter - killer " missions and targets enemies on the ground .
Would it continue a mission like that without operator input ?
Advertisement
Unmanned Aerial Vehicles like the Reaper are supposed to be programmed to return to their home bases in case they lose contact with their pilots .
There 's no explanation as to why the fail - safe did n't kick in for this particular Reaper .
Nor is this incident the first time that a UAV has been shot down by intentional friendly fire .
What 's going on and when can I start to panic ?
[ Aviation Weekly via Popular Science ]
EVANGELICAL
Christians – particularly those in the US – have never gone a bundle on Harry Potter books and movies , denouncing them as “ unchristian ” , ” demonic ” â€¦ blah , blah â€ ¦
Now these joyless twats have one more reason to detest HP : the revelation in Esquire today that Daniel Radcliffe , star of Harry Potter , is an ATHEIST .
In an interview in the August edition of the magazine , Radcliffe , 19 , said he did not believe in God .
He also expressed his admiration for Professor Richard Dawkins , the prominent atheist and bete noir of Evangelical Christians .
According to this report , Radcliffe has been reticent on the subject of religion in the past , but in an interview to promote the latest instalment in the film franchise – Harry Potter and the Half - Blood Prince , due for release on July 15 – he said :
I ’m an atheist , but I ’m very relaxed about it .
I do n’t preach my atheism , but I have a huge amount of respect for people like Richard Dawkins who do .
Anything he does on television , I will watch .
And he joked :
There we go â€¦ that ’s half of America that ’s not going to see the next Harry Potter film on the back of that comment .
J K Rowling ’s stories of the schoolboy wizard are taken very seriously by some Evangelical Christians in the United States .
One of the largest Christian groups in the country , Focus on the Family , denounced the books as “ witchcraft ” .
The Church of England , however , has been more relaxed about the series – and has even published a guide advising youth leaders to use Harry Potter to spread the Christian message , as the characters face :
Struggles and dilemmas that are familiar to us all .
Veteran British actor Jim Broadbent , who plays Professor Horace Slughorn in the new movie , is no believer either .
In a Telegraph interview in 2007 he said :
If I was ever to go back to religion I would likely go to the Quakers first .
I never did have it , really â€ ¦
“ So what does he think happens to you when you die ? ” he was asked :
Absolutely nothing .
I ’m with Arthur Morrison on that one .
( Arthur Morrison is the character he played in When Did You Last See Your Father ? , the film adaptation of the 1993 Blake Morrison memoir . )
UPDATE : July 15 – Daniel Radcliffe further pissed off the Religious Right when he said in an interview with Moviefone that he thought it was “ awesome ” that some people thought he was gay .
I grew up around gay people my entire life , basically , that ’s possibly why I ’m quite camp , and some people think I ’m gay when I meet them , which I think is awesome .
It ’s always good to keep them guessing [ laughs ] .
I do n’t go on any blogs or chats or anything , but my friends are demons for them , and apparently someone said ‘ Daniel Radcliffe is gay .
He ’s got a gay face ! ’
[ Laughs ]
I really do n’t know what a gay face is .
He also thought it was “ wonderful ” that Albus Dumbledore , Hogwarts school headmaster , was revealed as gay by J K Rowling .
" It was never intended to be a permanent fixture on the site as it was a temporary structure that did n't have planning permission , " he said
Credit : PA
If you want to create your own font sometimes it ’s no need to use graphic programms .
Just use various objects and try to form letters .
These unusual fonts were created by Vladimir Koncar – artist from Zagreb , Croatia .
Save our environment , save your money – choose Internet faxing and send fax to email .
Cigarette Type
GreenLeaves Type
Hair Type
Narcissus Type
Pills Type
RottenApples Type
BeerCaps Type
Cactus Type
PaperClips Type
Clover Type
TeaBags Type
Soil Type
October 23 , 2009 — Alderson Warm - Fork
In a recent post I argued that the retributive conception of punishment , though it can make sense in particular cases , from certain perspectives , is overall incoherent and confused , and we should aim for a situation where it has no hold on people .
But this will remain a meaninglessly abstract piece of moralism unless it is translated into political and historical terms .
So let ’s do that .
I think this will require a psychological treatment – though this does n’t in itself make what we speak of ‘ subjective ’ , any more than a psychology of what factors affect people ’s understanding of mathematics makes maths subjective .
EDIT : so the psychological remarks ended up taking the whole post .
That ’s ok .
Political stuff coming next post then .
Stay tuned !
What factors will influence people ’s tendency towards retributive feelings ?
1 ) Most fundamentally , the confidence of the victim in their own worth ( or whatever exactly the ‘ crime ’ has denied ) makes retribution seem less necessary .
Why do I need to ‘ teach them a lesson ’ if I ’m really sure of the content of that lesson ?
At that point the ‘ teaching ’ simply becomes rehabilitation .
To put it another way , inner strength makes forgiveness proportionately more possible .
2 ) In relation to particular actions , the extent to which someone ’s identity is invested in what is denied and ignored by that action – what strikes at our heart makes more of an impact than what , though it might harm us , leaves our sense of ourselves and the world untouched .
But this will tend to average out across people , I think .
3 ) The more the ‘ dignity ’ and ‘ moral authority ’ , that must be defended and vindicated , is bound up with actual power , real or desired , the more sense retribution will make – because though beatings and cagings are crude instruments for demonstrating moral truths to be , they are very good at demonstrating power .
Those are the hypotheses I ’ll be working with .
I tried to explain number 3 . in the last post in this series , and 2 . pretty much follows from 1. , so I ’ll just say a bit about point 1 .
What I have in mind here is a picture sort of like this .
In any person ’s psyche there are various competing beliefs about themselves and the world .
In some cases , where they are very ‘ insecure ’ there are two or more contradictory such beliefs , both of which have a lot of strength , but of which the person is committed to holding onto one ( because the rest of the psyche is , so to speak , ‘ built on it ’ ) .
For example , someone insecure about their masculinity has two simultaneous beliefs , one in which they are a Real Man , and one in which they are a fag of whatever sort .
They ‘ believe ’ the former , in that they permit it to enter explicit consciousness , they base their overt actions and statements on it , etc. – it has a somewhat foundational place in a ‘ structure ’ of psychic organisation .
But because the other belief is there , hiding in the shadows , certain stimuli can have a disproportionate effect .
When something happens that suggests that this person is a fag , an ‘ inadequate ’ ‘ man ’ , it ’s not like something suggests that they are a cat .
Something that suggests that they are a cat is very very odd , bizarre , but for precisely this reason , almost certainly false or misunderstood .
It poses no threat .
But the suggestion of inadequate masculinity ‘ stimulates ’ the latent belief and brings it into consciousness , strengthens it .
Suddenly turmoil !
If this belief is accepted , it will push aside the established belief ( that he ’s a Real Man ) , or at least turn it from a certainty to a mere possibility .
And then the whole structure based on that foundation shudders and seems to be about to fall ; the experience is of confusion , chaos , terror , and helplessness .
Something must be done – and often what is done is to create , as rapidly as possible , a stimulus that strengthens the ‘ Real Man ’ belief – like punching someone or thrashing an animal .
Or eating a beef - and - guns sundwich served in a beer bottle .
Or whatever .
So my suggestion is that retribution works like this as well .
In the example of , for example , having a child murdered , the ‘ suggestion ’ of that action is maybe something like this : “ it ’s no big deal for this kid to die ; they ’re a triviality , and you , the family members , your feelings and love are also inconsequential ” ( though the motives and circumstances will obviously make a difference ) .
Do people ‘ secretly believe ’ this about themselves ?
Is there an insecurity lurking in people ’s minds that they do n’t really matter at all , that they ’re nothing ?
It seems sadly likely to me .
But the degree of strength of such a belief will obviously depend on a lot of factors , some genetic and some environmental .
Some of the things that might strengthen such a belief might include :
- denial : a life of seeing things that are not for you ;
- erasure : seeing the ( legitimate ) social sphere as filled with people different from you ;
- silencing : having one ’s statements and opinions ignored ;
- abuse : a history of being treated in ways that only make sense on this assumption ;
- isolation : lack of opportunities to get reinforcement and validation from others ;
- objectification : being overwhelmingly led to relate to oneself as the object of other ’s desires or actions , not as yourself a subject ;
- rejection : having one ’s offer of oneself refused ;
-manipulation : being treated like a tool to be utilised , not a person to be engaged with ;
…
Etc. Hopefully you get the idea .
If someone does n’t have this strong ‘ belief in their own worthlessness ’ hiding in their heads , if they know that they are valuable , indeed priceless , then I believe that forgiveness would be relatively easy even in the face of serious crime .
But if they have this nagging doubt alive and kicking , then actions ( crimes or insults or betrayals ) that send this message will make their very psychic survival depend on ‘ fighting back ’ , on finding a way to affirm the opposite .
And punishment is one method of this – sometimes the only one available .
This is why I propose hypothesis 1 .
I had meant for this post to be the last one in this series , but obviously it ’s not because the psychology here has only laid the groundwork for the political and historical discussion that I said was necessary .
Members of the Muslim Student Association ( MSA ) at Michigan State University ( MSU ) did n’t know what they were getting into when they tried to suppress the free speech rights of Professor Indrek Wichman .
On February 28 , 2006 he read in the MSU student newspaper a call to protest the publication of the Muhammad cartoons .
The article struck a raw nerve .
He responded with the following :
Dear Moslem Association :
As a professor of Mechanical Engineering here at MSU I intend to protest your protest .
I am offended not by cartoons , but by more mundane things like beheadings of civilians , cowardly attacks on public buildings , suicide murders , murders of Catholic priests ( the latest in Turkey ! ) , burnings of Christian churches , the continued persecution of Coptic Christians in Egypt , the imposition of Sharia law on non-Muslims , the rapes of Scandinavian girls and women ( called " whores " in your culture ) , the murder of film directors in Holland , and the rioting and looting in Paris France .
This is what offends me , a soft - spoken person and academic , and many , many , many of my colleagues .
I counsel you dissatisfied , aggressive , brutal , and uncivilized slave - trading Moslems to be very aware of this as you proceed with your infantile " protests . "
If you do not like the values of the West - - see the 1st Amendment - - you are free to leave .
I hope for God 's sake that most of you choose that option .
Please return to your ancestral homelands and build them up yourselves instead of troubling Americans .
Cordially , I. S. Wichman , Professor of Mechanical Engineering .
Some may say this reaction was a tad over - heated .
But in a university environment , the more important question is :
Were the statements accurate ?
It ’s tough to argue with the validity of Professor Wichman ’s factual assertions .
And even tougher to demand that Wichman remain morally neutral regarding the examples of Muslim misconduct he cites .
For over three weeks Professor Wichman heard nothing about his email .
But behind the scenes , the MSA had called in CAIR and had three separate meetings with the MSU provost .
The MSA and CAIR both demanded that Wichman be censured , disciplined , enrolled in diversity and sensitivity training , and even “ re-educated ” on Islam .
To his credit , the MSU Provost did not cave in to the CAIR / MSA demands .
On March 20 , 2006 he wrote Wichman a letter saying that he strongly disagreed with the “ intemperate tone ” of his email .
But he added that Wichman still had rights to free speech .
From there , things got worse .
The MSU Provost told Wichman that if he continued to “ harass ” and “ intimidate ” the MSU MSA - while creating a “ hostile intellectual climate ” - then formal charges consistent with MSU anti-discrimination policy ( ADP ) would be filed by MSU against him .
On April 24 , 2006 Wichman realized that the issue had not quietly gone away .
He began receiving telephone calls and emails from local newspapers , AP , Reuters and other national and international outlets .
CAIR and MSA , frustrated by the MSU Provost , had gone over his head and published a response , organized a press conference , and made a national / international press release .
CAIR and MSA ’s public call upon MSU to take “ disciplinary action " against Wichman ’s “ Islamophobic ” email was a classic example of Muslim cowardice .
Michigan ’s CAIR Executive Director Mr. Dawud Walid said it was “ unconscionable for a professor to use his university e-mail account to foster a hostile learning environment for Muslim students . ”
He added , “ The University needs to take appropriate disciplinary action in this case to demonstrate through its actions that anti-Muslim bigotry will not be tolerated on campus . ”
It should be noted that Mr. Walid has gone to court to argue for applying Sharia law in mid-Michigan .
That serves to undercut significantly his stature as an opponent of bigotry towards minorities .
I sat down for a beer - I believe it was a Danish beer – with Indrek Wichman in April .
When he said he meant to “ protest the protest ” of the MSA he really meant it .
He helped form a conservative faculty group at MSU .
The group serves to protest speech codes , invite conservative speakers to campus , and represent students and faculty whose rights are trampled by the MSU administration .
Indrek Wichman is not your typical college professor .
He is a true First Amendment hero .
Meanwhile , Dawud Walid is still fighting to repeal the First Amendment and keep Muslims from being offended .
He wants to replace it with Sharia law so Muslims can freely beat their wives and publicly execute homosexuals .
1964 : The final episode of the iconic thriller anthology , Rod Serling 's The Twilight Zone , airs on CBS after a five - season run .
Though recognized to this day as a giant of science fiction , horror and suspense , Serling and his creative output could easily have been snuffed out by the Japanese army during World War II .
The New York native served as a U.S. Army paratrooper and demolition specialist during the war in the Pacific .
He was badly wounded in the wrist and knee in combat and came home in 1945 with a Purple Heart and Bronze Star .
Serling attended Antioch College in Ohio after the war and then wrote for a local Cincinnati TV station , WKRC .
There he penned episodes for a small anthology production , The Storm .
The program was a modest early version of The Twilight Zone .
While at WKRC , Serling would write one of his first masterpieces , Requiem for a Heavyweight .
Though a small man physically , Serling was a decorated boxer in the army , and he brought his love for the sport to the tragic story of an aging prize fighter facing the end of his career .
The teleplay would become a classic network TV production in the 1950s , starring Jack Palance , and a feature film with Anthony Quinn , Jackie Gleason and Mickey Rooney .
After transitioning to the national networks , Serling would write scripts for early 1950s shows Fireside Theater , Hallmark Hall of Fame , Lux Video Theater , * The Doctor , Kraft Television Theatre , Suspense and Studio One .
* But he would n't become a star until he wrote the teleplay , " Patterns , " for the Kraft Television Theatre .
This story of an aging corporate executive fending off a younger competitor was a huge critical and ratings hit .
The success of " Patterns , " combined with the popularity of Requiem for a Heavyweight , promoted Serling as a new phenomenon : an intellectual television writer on par with the great playwrights of his era .
But Serling knew the only way he could enjoy complete creative control was to forge his own TV series .
Building on the clout of his previous success at CBS , he wrote a teleplay — " The Time Element " — that would serve as a blueprint for a half - hour sci- fi and horror show .
The success of " Time Element " persuaded CBS to produce The Twilight Zone .
The first episode broadcast was " Where Is Everybody ? " in 1959 .
Over the next five years , Serling would set the television standard for half - hour drama , suspense and social commentary .
Serling would also host the show , narrating its creepy opening credits with his trademark , Bogart - like staccato delivery .
The show 's best moments are burned into television history .
The claustrophobic flyer haunted by a gremlin on the wing of his airliner .
The bookworm who survives a nuclear blast only to break his glasses while surrounded by books .
The telekinetic child sending " mean people " into the cornfield forever .
The obsessed ventriloquist possessed by his dummy .
The drunken department store Santa Claus who gets his shot at being the real thing .
Serling wrote 92 of the series ' 156 episodes , while sci-fi masters like Richard Matheson ( I Am Legend ) and Charles Beaumont ( * The 7 Faces of Dr. Lao ) * would also contribute .
Using sci - fi to hide strong social commentary during its run , The Twilight Zone won every award in reach , including Emmys , Golden Globes and Hugos .
But , it never had overwhelming viewership .
CBS cancelled the show twice , before relenting both times .
On the third cancellation , Serling decided not to fight and let his show pass " the sign post up ahead " in 1964 with the series ' last episode , " The Bewitchin ' Pool . "
Serling went on to write the screenplays for Seven Days in May and Planet of the Apes .
He 'd also produce other horror anthology shows ( * Night Gallery and The Zero Hour ) .
* A life - long smoker , Serling died of a heart attack in 1975 at the age of 50 .
The Twilight Zone would enjoy an afterlife in syndicated reruns and be reborn twice in television remakes and once as a feature film .
But no remake could match the mood , style and imagination of Serling 's original trip into another dimension .
Source : Scifi.com , IMDb , Rod Serling.com
Image : A gremlin troubles an airline passenger in a classic Twilight Zone episode .
Courtesy 20th Century Fox
See Also :
El juicio pol�tico contra el gobernador de Oaxaca tiene afanes electoreros del PAN y PRD , se�ala el diputado Humberto Ben�tez Trevi�o , presidente de la Comisi�n de Justicia ; que investigue la PGR , propone
Ciudad de M�xico | Mi�rcoles 14 de octubre de 2009
JUAN ARVIZU ARRIOJA Y ANDREA MERLOS | El Universal
21:10
There are few days in your life where you feel part of something historic .
Today is one of these days for me , and I believe also for any software freedom lover out there .
Maemo 5 has been launched together with its damn cool hardware body , the N900 .
It contains everything you knew about the Internet Tablets plus an evolved UI plus the little feature that raises the eyebrows of all your friends : yes , now it makes phone calls .
We have published a ton of information , pictures and videos about the software and the device as seen from a user perspective .
Go to maemo.nokia.com and enjoy this beauty made of basically the same components many of us have in our Linux laptops .
Below you have few additional thoughts for those caring specifically about Linux and free software .
Maemo 5 is a computer platform that happens to fit in your pocket : OMAP Linux Kernel , Xorg server , GStreamer , Telepathy , Tracker , GTK + ( Qt also available ) and many more .
The telephony stack is also there and SMS also works , but this does n’t mean that Maemo is now transformed into a smartphone platform .
Landscape mode by default , 800×480 amazing display , full qwerty hardware keyboard , a Mozilla based browser providing you the WWW as you are used to get it …
We are just expanding the concept of what features a computer that is always with you is supposed to have .
No - phone - fans , are you still reading with some suspicion in your eyes ?
Look at this screenshot then ( CLI guys please forgive me ) :
Exactly .
If freedom is your concern then you do n’t need to “ unlock ” or “ jailbreak ” Maemo 5 .
From installing an application to getting root access , it ’s you who decide .
We trust you , and at the end it ’s your device .
Nokia also trusts the open source community in general and the Maemo community particularly helping in getting casual users through the experience path .
The N900 might just be a new and successful entry point for a new wave of open source users and developers .
But get no confused : even if a skilled Linux developer can get in the deep insights of the system , Maemo 5 is actually a beautiful and smooth gem for mobile users .
I ’m personally proud of the work done by the Maemo designers and developers building this beautiful and useful UI on top of Xorg , OpenGL ES , Clutter , GTK + and our Hildon application framework .
A showcase of open source UI .
There are many areas where Maemo 5 excels thanks to open source championing :
Multitasking , with that powerful OMAP3 processor being pushed by the Linux kernel and plenty more components up to Hildon , performing a very visual and usable dashboard .
You need to see the videos .
The implementation is very nice and makes you fly between apps , web windows and tasks .
Little note : the dashboard windows are not simple snapshots , they show you the real content in real time !
I ca n’t describe with words the feeling of listening soma.fm on the air , through my bluetooth headset while commuting on the train .
And then a call comes and you can answer pressing a button .
Simple ?
Not with Linux & OSS until recently .
3G connectivity playing together with BlueZ , PulseAudio , GStreamer and Media Application Framework : beautiful .
It ’s also refreshing to see conversations with your friends where SMS & instant messaging are mingled , thanks to Telepathy magic .
Adding chat , microblogs and the likes to the mix is up to whoever wants to push it , since the framework is open .
The camera is also impressive , all sustained by GStreamer .
Together with good lens and an impressive display , even my pictures look cool ( sometimes , and the camera is not to blame ) .
No hurries to transfer or upload the pictures to see them in a big screen : you get a fair impression of the real thing right there with your device .
The Maemo team has several hobbyist photographers and all of us are waiting impatiently to get the green light and start uploading pics .
I could go on and on but today I better leave you with the good news .
Application developers , the next post is for you .
President Barack Obama says there wo n't be a tax hike in the health care bill -- but Sen .
Max Baucus 's bill says otherwise .
| White House Bill says ' tax ' when Obama said ' not '
In the most contentious exchange of President Barack Obama ’s marathon of five Sunday shows , he said it is “ not true ” that a requirement for individuals to get health insurance under a key reform plan now being debated amounts to a tax increase .
But he could look it up — in the bill .
Advertisement
Page 29 , sentence one of the bill introduced by Senate Finance Committee Chairman Max Baucus ( D - Mont ) says : “ The consequence for not maintaining insurance would be an excise tax . ”
And the rest of the bill is clear that the Finance Committee does , in fact , consider it a tax : “ The excise tax would be assessed through the tax code and applied as an additional amount of Federal tax owed . ”
The bill requires every American , with few exceptions , to carry health insurance .
To enforce this individual mandate , the Senate Finance Committee created the excise tax as a penalty for people who do n’t have insurance – and it can run as much as $ 3,800 a year per family .
The House bill also refers to the penalties for not carrying insurance as a tax .
It calls for a “ tax on individuals without acceptable health care coverage ” and amends the tax code to implement it .
The questions from ABC ’s George Stephanopoulos highlighted a politically dangerous new aspect of the health reform debate for Obama – as critics from Republican leaders to the U.S. Chamber of Commerce say his reform proposals amount to a middle - class tax increase .
Obama promised during the campaign that Americans earning less than $ 250,000 a year would not see any tax increases from an Obama administration .
Obama strongly denied that the mandate amounts to a tax increase – saying it was no different than requiring people to have auto insurance and charging a penalty if they do n’t .
He also said it was important for everyone to have insurance so that people who do carry insurance do n’t have to shoulder the load for people who do n’t .
The excise tax is designed as an enforcement mechanism to ensure people will carry insurance .
Obama also told Stephanopoulos that Americans are already facing a “ tax increase ” from soaring insurance premiums and argued that health reform will curb the future costs and actually save Americans money .
During the campaign , Obama resisted the idea of an individual mandate to own insurance , but since then has been open to it .
But the questions about tax increases are part of an emerging Republican line of attack .
Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell on Sunday said , “ I do n't know anybody in my Republican conference in the Senate who 's in favor of doing nothing on health care .
. . .
We do n't think it 's a good idea to raise taxes on small businesses and on individuals in the heart of a recession .
There are some serious differences about what ought to be done . ”
Obama also was pressed on whether new fees on insurance companies and drug makers to pay for reform would also amount to a tax levy on the middle class , because the companies would be likely to pass through the cost to consumers .
“ I can still keep that promise because as I ’ve said about two - thirds of what we ’ve proposed would be from money that ’s already in the health care system but just being spent badly , ” Obama told CBS ’s Bob Schieffer on “ Face the Nation . ”
“ Now we are going to have to find some additional sources of revenue for the other third or so of the health care plan , and I ’ve provided a long list of approaches that would not have impact on middle - class Americans .
They ’re not going to be forced to pay for this . ”
The “ Chairman ’s Mark : America ’s Healthy Future Act of 2009 ” says people up to 300 percent of the poverty line could pay a maximum of $ 750 per year if they do n’t have insurance , and up to $ 1,500 per family .
Above that line , the excise tax for individuals is $ 950 per year , with a family maximum of $ 3,800 .
Here 's the exchange between Obama and Stephanopoulos on ABC ’s “ This Week , ” taped Friday at the White House :
STEPHANOPOULOS : Probably the most definitive promise you made in the campaign is that no one in the middle class would get a tax increase on your watch .
OBAMA : Right .
STEPHANOPOULOS :
Yet this week , Senator Rockefeller and several other Democrats say that this bill by Senator Baucus is a big middle class tax increase .
Do you agree and does that mean you can't sign it ?
OBAMA : Well , I do n't agree .
I think that what they were referring to - and I have n't looked at the quotes .
But I think that they were concerned about whether or not this was actually affordable .
If you 're saying to people , you 've got to get health insurance but they can't actually afford it and they have to pay a penalty if they do n't get it , then that 's a pretty big burden on middle class families .
That 's a concern I share — making sure that this is affordable .
But the first thing we 've got to understand is you 've got what is effectively a tax increase taking place on American families right now .
The Kaiser Family Foundation report just came out last week .
Health care premiums went up 5.5 percent last year , at a time when the rest of the economy , inflation was actually negative .
So that is a huge bite out of people 's pockets .
And part of what I 've been trying to say throughout this campaign - this effort to get health care done — is that if we do n't do anything , guaranteed , Americans ' costs are going to go up , more people are going to lose health care coverage , the insurance companies are going to continue to prevent people from getting it for pre-existing conditions .
Those are all burdens on people who have health insurance right now .
And ...
STEPHANOPOULOS :
That is true , but ...
OBAMA : And so -- and so -- just -- just to close the loop on this , the principles I 've put forward very clearly , when I spoke to the joint session of Congress , is that we 're going to make sure that , number one , if you do n't have health insurance , you 're going to be able to get affordable health insurance .
Number two , if you have health insurance , we 're going to have insurance reforms that give you more security -- you know what you 're going to get .
You know that if you 're paying your premiums , you 're actually going to have coverage when you get sick .
Number three , it 's going to be deficit neutral -- it 's not going to add a dime to the deficit , now or in the future .
Number four , it 's going to start driving down our costs over the long - term .
Now , 80 percent of what I 'd like to see is actually already in all the various bills that are in Congress .
That last 20 percent is tough because we 've got to figure out -- making sure that we 're paying for it properly , making sure that it really is relief to families who do n't have health insurance , making sure that all the various details that are out there line up .
And that 's going to take some time .
But I think that the effort by the Senate Finance Committee is a serious , strong effort to move an agenda forward .
We 've seen some positive signs from people who might have been otherwise a little bit shaky on health care , including Republican Olympia Snowe , I think , had some nice things to .
STEPHANOPOULOS : Has n't signed on yet , though .
OBAMA : Has n't signed on , but has said that this is a legitimate effort to try to solve the problem .
What I want to see is that we just keep on working on it over the next several weeks .
STEPHANOPOULOS :
How about a matter of first principles , though .
You mentioned these premium increases .
OBAMA : Yes .
STEPHANOPOULOS :
But they 're not happening as a result of a decision by the government .
OBAMA : Right .
STEPHANOPOULOS :
You were against the individual mandate ...
OBAMA : Yes .
STEPHANOPOULOS : ... during the campaign .
Under this mandate , the government is forcing people to spend money , fining you if you do n't
How is that not a tax ?
OBAMA : Well , hold on a second , George .
Here -- here 's what 's happening .
You and I are both paying $ 900 , on average -- our families -- in higher premiums because of uncompensated care .
Now what I 've said is that if you can't afford health insurance , you certainly should n't be punished for that .
That 's just piling on .
If , on the other hand , we 're giving tax credits , we 've set up an exchange , you are now part of a big pool , we 've driven down the costs , we 've done everything we can and you actually can afford health insurance , but you 've just decided , you know what , I want to take my chances .
And then you get hit by a bus and you and I have to pay for the emergency room care , that 's ...
STEPHANOPOULOS :
That may be , but it 's still a tax increase .
OBAMA : No .
That 's not true , George .
The -- for us to say that you 've got to take a responsibility to get health insurance is absolutely not a tax increase .
What it 's saying is , is that we 're not going to have other people carrying your burdens for you anymore than the fact that right now everybody in America , just about , has to get auto insurance .
Nobody considers that a tax increase .
People say to themselves , that is a fair way to make sure that if you hit my car , that I 'm not covering all the costs .
STEPHANOPOULOS :
But it may be fair , it may be good public policy ...
OBAMA : No , but -- but , George , you -- you can't just make up that language and decide that that 's called a tax increase .
Any ...
STEPHANOPOULOS : Here 's the ...
OBAMA : What -- what -- if I -- if I say that right now your premiums are going to be going up by 5 or 8 or 10 percent next year and you say well , that 's not a tax increase ; but , on the other hand , if I say that I do n't want to have to pay for you not carrying coverage even after I give you tax credits that make it affordable , then ...
STEPHANOPOULOS : I -- I do n't think I 'm making it up .
Merriam Webster 's Dictionary : Tax -- " a charge , usually of money , imposed by authority on persons or property for public purposes . "
OBAMA : George , the fact that you looked up Merriam 's Dictionary , the definition of tax increase , indicates to me that you 're stretching a little bit right now .
Otherwise , you would n't have gone to the dictionary to check on the definition .
I mean what ...
STEPHANOPOULOS : Well , no , but ...
OBAMA : ... what you 're saying is ...
STEPHANOPOULOS : I wanted to check for myself .
But your critics say it is a tax increase .
OBAMA : My critics say everything is a tax increase .
My critics say that I 'm taking over every sector of the economy .
You know that .
Look , we can have a legitimate debate about whether or not we 're going to have an individual mandate or not , but ...
STEPHANOPOULOS :
But you reject that it 's a tax increase ?
OBAMA : I absolutely reject that notion .
AIG 's former CEO Maurice " Hank " Greenberg agreed to pay $ 15 million to settle government accusations that he altered AIG 's financial records to inflate its earnings between 2000 and 2005 , U.S. securities regulators said on Thursday .
Howard Smith , American International Group 's former chief financial officer , agreed to pay $ 1.5 million to settle Securities and Exchange Commission charges relating to his involvement in what the SEC has said were sham accounting transactions , the agency said .
Greenberg and Smith , who were forced out of the insurer in 2005 during the accounting scandal , agreed to settle the charges without admitting or denying any guilt .
The settlement allows Greenberg and Smith , who work together at private investment firm C.V. Starr , to put one more matter related to AIG behind them .
Greenberg , Smith , and corporate entities associated with them have been embroiled for more than four years in lawsuits brought by AIG , its shareholders , or regulators .
Last month , a jury found that Greenberg - controlled Starr International had not improperly raided a block of AIG shares that were once used to fund long - term compensation for AIG executives .
U.S. district judge Jed Rakoff is expected to make decide that matter this month .
Greenberg , who built AIG into the world 's largest insurer over 38 years as CEO , was forced to resign because he refused to cooperate with an internal investigation into AIG 's accounting practices .
In the past year , AIG has had to rely on $ 180 billion in federal assistance to avoid bankruptcy after a foray into credit default swaps left it with massive losses .
Getting Past It
A statement issued on Greenberg 's behalf by the law firm Boies , Schiller & Flexner said , " With these issues behind him , Mr. Greenberg looks forward to being able to concentrate on building for the future . "
In a statement issued by his lawyer , Smith said he was initially inclined to fight the allegations but decided to settle to " move forward with his life without the added legal costs and distraction of this lawsuit . "
The SEC had accused them of making misstatements that helped AIG falsely report results that consistently met or exceeded earnings and growth targets .
In its complaint , the SEC said there had been at least three areas of fraud : a reinsurance transaction between AIG and Berkshire Hathaway 's General Re Corp that improperly boosted AIG 's loss reserves ; transactions with an offshore shell entity to conceal multimillion - dollar underwriting losses within AIG 's auto - warranty insurance business ; and other transactions that misstated investment income , or capital gains .
In 2006 , the SEC charged AIG with securities fraud and improper accounting , and the company paid disgorgement of $ 700 million and a penalty of $ 100 million to settle the case .
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
09/22/2009
A short temper , a martini , and love ?
That trinity is hole -y !
by Jeremy Hooper
We know that Catholicism is largely fueling Maine 's anti-equality campaign .
We also know that it 's the fundamental thing that 's driving NOM personalities Maggie Gallagher and Brian Brown ( even if they wo n't admit it ) .
And of course there 's the Pope , who 's made homo hostility a key teaching ever since his 2005 election .
But even with all those known variables , we 're still sometimes shocked when we hear the casual , almost jovial way that many of the church 's leaders talk about us gay folk and our supposed need to live a life of loveless celibacy .
Times like when we read the latest New York magazine , which features a piece on NY 's new archbishop , Timothy Dolan , and the " charming " way that he disparages certain people 's natural existences .
Here 's a snip :
Then , of course , there is gay marriage .
Dolan stands to become cardinal soon , and by the time his tenure here ends , which may not be for decades , it ’s quite possible that something like half of the states in the union will have legalized same - sex marriage — New York surely among them .
Dolan explains the church ’s intractable position on this issue by describing homosexuality as a compulsion that should be controlled , much the same way as premarital sex should be .
Forget about gay and straight sex ; both are wrong , he says , simply because they take place outside the confines of marriage .
“ If you have been gay your whole life and feel that that ’s the way God made you , God bless you , ” Dolan says .
“ But I would still say that that does n’t mean you should act on that .
I would happen to say , for instance , that God made me with a pretty short temper .
Now , I still think God loves me , but I ca n’t act on that .
I would think that God made me with a particular soft spot in my heart for a martini .
Now , I ’d better be careful about that . ”
So , I ask , is being gay a character flaw ?
“ Yeah , it would be , ” Dolan says — his smile broadening .
“ And we are all born with certain character flaws , are n’t we ? ”
But this leaves gay men and lesbians no choice but to form sexual partnerships that will always be seen as sinful .
Is n’t that unfair ?
Dolan takes a moment to think this over .
“ There ’s no option , ” he agrees , still smiling .
“ But I do n’t know if that ’s unfairness . ”
Sex , he goes on to say , is not a human right , even if modern culture has made it appear that way .
But this , he adds , is actually good news .
His eyes light up .
He seems excited — both by what he ’s saying and by the fresh way he ’s found to say it .
“ The church — this hopeless romantic that she is — holds that sexual love is so exalted that it is the very mirror of the passion and the intimate excitement that God has for us and our relationship .
We actually believe that when a man and a woman say ‘ I do ’ forever , that our love will be faithful , forever freeing , liberating , life - giving .
We believe they mean it and they can do it !
That ’s exciting , that ’s enriching , that ’s ennobling .
That ’s a big , fat yes — yes ! ”
* FULL PIECE : The Archbishop of Charm [ NY mag ]
Yeah , gay people : Despite what science says , you all are to go through your whole life without ever knowing love and physical companionship if you want to have fighting chance for eternal happiness .
And if the Catholic church is wrong ?
Eh , whatevs .
It 's all unprovable .
So while you might have a lifetime of happiness to lose by listening to these sorts of teachings , leaders like Dolan will lose little more than a few same - sex wedding invitations .
Is n't that just sooooooo " exciting , enriching , and ennobling " ?!?
Forgive me father , for I have [:: sigh : :] -ed !
But hey , it 's not like this church has a ton of influence and possesses the ability to drastically change our civil existences or anything ...
Marc Mutty from Stand For Marriage Maine , the campaign working to overturn the same - sex marriage law , said 140 churches across the state took double collections on [ 9/13 ] .
Mutty said by the end of the day , the churches could have collected as much as $ 100,000 to $ 300,000 .
Catholic Churches Hold Special Collection To Fight Gay Marriage [ WMTW ]
Oh wait .
Your thoughts
What a nut .
Thank God for alternatives like the Episcopal Church .
Posted by : Philip Lowe Jr | Sep 22 , 2009 8:50:24 AM
I still believe that their vague reference to the amount collected in the second - collection Sunday ( $ 100,000 to $ 300,000 is a large range ) is a way for them to hide how much the church itself is contributing .
With that collection in the mix , no one can prove for certain how much those 140 churches contributed ( especially since THAT contribution is not tax - deductible ) .
As a result , the church could end up throwing half a million into the ring and justifying it by saying " it was all part of our special collection " .
That way they get around the criticism that they are spending money on this ridiculous fight instead of saving parishes .
Still disgusts me to think of all the homeless and hungry people that could be helped with the money both sides have wasted on this fight !
Posted by : Ken | Sep 22 , 2009 9:34:20 AM
" Sex , he goes on to say , is not a human right , even if modern culture has made it appear that way . "
Despite his inability to consider gay relationships without imagining the sex he supposes them to be having , what he 's really advocating for legislation against is the legal legitimacy of same - sex families .
And I hate to rain on his parade , but , uhhmm , according to the Universal Declaration of Human Rights : " (1 ) Men and women of full age , without any limitation due to race , nationality or religion , have the right to marry and to found a family .
They are entitled to equal rights as to marriage , during marriage and at its dissolution .
" (2 ) Marriage shall be entered into only with the free and full consent of the intending spouses .
" (3 ) The family is the natural and fundamental group unit of society and is entitled to protection by society and the State . "
Posted by : Harrison | Sep 22 , 2009 12:09:21 PM
They funnel dollars by the millions to fight marriage equality while shutting down parishes throughout the world .
This is a church that would rather quite literally close its doors rather than see any legal recognition of gay relationships .
The Archbishop represents a church that has in the past and continues to hate fags .
Posted by : WilliamM | Sep 22 , 2009 12:09:42 PM
Maybe next Sunday they can take up a " special " collection to fund the payouts to some of those that they molested while they were still children .. the ones that they have attempted to avoid compensating by having the San Diego and Montana franchises declare bankruptcy .
Instead of attempting to deflect the blame for their own illicit behavior , everyone would be much better served ( themselves included ) if they just own their misdeeds , and make restitution ( penance ? ? )
Or , better yet , maybe all of them should declare bankruptcy .
The state can auction off all of the church assets , and use those proceeds as recompense for the harms that the pious have inflicted .
Posted by : Dick Mills | Sep 22 , 2009 12:34:29 PM
So Dolan does n't feel it 's unfair to say that gays and lesbians should remain celibate while heterosexuals can enter into marriage and do the nasty 24 - 7 .
This really pisses me off .
I do n't know why it should .
It 's not like I give one flying rat 's behind what this man dressed in a magenta and black robe( seriously ? ) thinks .
If I want to have a relationship or even a one night stand with another man , I will .
Posted by : KZ | Sep 22 , 2009 2:25:58 PM
Most religionists are delusional , anachronistic , lying , carpetbaggers who have an obsession with buttsex .
I am sick and tired of their forcing their myth , mysticism and fables onto my Constitutional rights as a tax paying citizen .
What ever happend to the wall of separation between Church and State ?
Posted by : Mykelb | Sep 25 , 2009 1:05:24 AM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
Frenchman Accused of Kidnapping Man Linked to Daughter 's Death After 27 years , father of murdered girl takes justice into his own hands .
PARIS , Oct. 22 , 2009  --
For André Bamberski , the 27 - year battle to bring his daughter 's killer to justice has finally ended .
But the day he has long awaited may also be the beginning of his own battle with the French justice system .
In 1995 , German Dr. Dieter Krombach , who was the companion of Bamberski's estranged wife , was convicted in absentia in Paris for the death of Bamberski's daughter Kalinka , who died at Krombach 's house July 9 , 1982 .
He was sentenced to 15 years in prison .
The Germans refused to prosecute Krombach , or extradite him to France , citing insufficient evidence .
So Bamberski allegedly took matters into his own hands .
On Sunday morning , Krombach , now 74 , was found tied up , beaten and gagged on a small street near the courthouse of Mulhouse , France , near the French - German border .
The now retired cardiologist , who lives in Scheidegg , Germany , had been kidnapped from his home a few hours before he was found in France , police say .
Very quickly , all eyes turned on 71 - year - old Bamberski , a retired certified public accountant , who happened to be in Mulhouse the same day Krombach was found .
Bamberski was arrested and Tuesday night placed under investigation for " kidnapping , voluntary assault and battery , false imprisonment and criminal conspiracy . "
He could face up to 10 years in jail .
" I can confirm that I gave my consent for him to be brought to France .
But I did not participate " in the kidnapping , Bamberski told reporters outside the Mulhouse courthouse after he was released on probation .
Krombach was a well - known physician who worked in German embassies in several countries .
All these years Bamberski has insisted that Kalinka 's death was caused by injections administered by Krombach who intended to drug and rape Kalinka .
Despite several reported troubling elements revealed by the post - mortem examination of the body , German investigators closed the case , citing an inability to determine the young girl 's cause of death .
For 27 years , Bamberski never stopped fighting to get his daughter 's killer to face justice .
He hired private investigators who tracked Krombach in several countries over the years .
Since his daughter 's death , not one day has passed , he has said , without visiting her grave at the cemetery of Pechbusque , in southwest France , where he lives .
In 1984 , Bamberski filed a formal complaint for first - degree murder .
But it was not until 1995 that the German doctor was found guilty by a French court of " acts of violence causing unintentional death , " but not murder , much to Bamberski 's despair .
But despite an international warrant for his arrest and the fact that Krombach 's address was known , German authorities refused to cooperate with France .
The German doctor was never extradited and never served his prison sentence in France .
Father of Murdered Daughter Is Suspect in Kidnapping
Police have said Bamberski is believed to have had regular phone conversations with people who could be the kidnappers .
Also in his Mulhouse hotel room , police say they seized 19,000 Euros ( $ 28,500 ) in cash .
Bamberski supporters are sympathetic .
" He is very tired but he is also very serene because he has the feeling that he did what he had to do .
He is not happy with the way things went , but he was not given the possibility to act otherwise , " Robert Pince , president of the group " Justice for Kalinka , " told ABCNews.com .
" Andre is someone profoundly religious , honest ; he wants Krombach to be tried because it is a question of justice in memory of his daughter .
That 's all , " he added .
Today , Agence France Presse citing the public prosecutor 's office of Kempten , Germany , reported that a 38 - year - old man turned himself in to Austrian police admitting participation in Krombach 's kidnapping .
The suspect has revealed accomplices who are not identified at this time , AFP said .
Krombach was transferred to Paris today .
Under French law , someone convicted in absentia is automatically retried from the moment the person is arrested on French soil .
But Krombach 's lawyer , Francois Serres , told The Associated Press he cannot believe his client would be tried after being dragged illegally across the border .
Authorities must decide if " he has to be retried or not , " he told the AP .
" If French authorities do n't trust the German justice system , they should say so , " Serres told French Radio .
Since Kalinka 's death , Krombach has reportedly added to his criminal record .
He was sentenced to 28 months in prison for fraud in July 2007 in Germany .
Also in 1997 he received a two - year suspended jail sentence for sexually abusing a 16 - year - old patient after he administered an anesthetic in his office .
September 13 , 2009 - BAR
Click the flash player below to listen to or the mic to download an mp3 copy of this BA Radio commentary .
If the Afghanistan - Pakistan war is a necessity , then it certainly must be escalated .
President Obama 's framing of the conflict leaves no room for peace , yet purported peace activists refuse to confront him .
Such a movement is not simply shallow : " it is a fraud . "
The Sham Debate Over Obama 's Af - Pak War A Black Agenda Radio commentary by Glen Ford " Obama has not altered the Bush war on terror paradigm , he has reinforced it . "
With the help of cooperative corporate media , President Obama attempts to create the impression of a vigorous internal debate within his administration over how much bigger the so - called Af - Pak theater of war is going to get .
The charade is designed to demonstrate that , unlike the " dumb wars " that Obama opposes , this one is being transformed into a smart war , intelligently escalated .
That U.S. troop levels will increase , even as reluctant European allies move towards downsizing their commitments , is a foregone conclusion , since the president has already characterized the conflict as a " war of necessity . "
If a war is necessary , then by definition , the national commitment must be open - ended and beyond question .
So what is there to debate ?
The president has framed the issue as one of inevitability .
Last month Obama told a veterans group that , " If left unchecked , the Taliban insurgency will mean an even larger safe haven from which Al Qaeda would plot to kill more Americans . "
That 's the same rationale that George Bush deployed to justify not only the Afghanistan invasion , eight years ago , but the Iraq invasion , the war against Somalia and , indeed , the whole concept of global American wars without end .
Barack Obama has not altered the Bush war on terror paradigm , he has reinforced it .
Once one accepts the Bush - Cheney � and now Obama - Biden � logic of necessary war , peace becomes impossible .
To the extent that those who claim to be part of the U.S. peace movement remain ambivalent on Obama 's war in Afghanistan and Pakistan , they become accomplices in the aggression .
" Much of what passes for a U.S. peace movement has no more respect for international law than the administrations they protest against . "
The U.S. anti-war movement fails to institutionalize itself , acting only in fits and starts when it acts at all , because much of its leadership refuses to recognize the United States as an imperial power .
They allow themselves to become enmeshed in phony debates about how U.S. forces should comport themselves in other people 's countries , rather than question America 's right to inflict itself on other peoples .
They agonize over levels of U.S. military force deployed and monies spent ; whether the frequency of U.S. atrocities is up or down ; and embroil themselves in discussions of the relative merits of American - imposed puppet regimes .
Shamefully , much of what passes for a U.S. peace movement has no more respect for international law than the administrations they protest against .
They seek only a more benign imperialism , in which they can see themselves as the good guys .
To the extent that a purported peace movement accepts that the United States has any rights that smaller nations do not possess , it is not simply a shallow movement : it is a fraud � just as fraudulent as Barack Obama was as a " peace " candidate .
Such a movement is helpless against the logic of imperial war , because it accepts the underlying premise , that the United States has a right to intervene in the affairs of others .
If that is true , then U.S. General Stanley McChrystal should be commended and supported when he claims that all he wants to do is " protect " the Afghan people , whether they like it or not .
At any rate , it 's necessary .
Obama says so .
For Black Agenda Radio , I 'm Glen Ford .
On the web , go to www.BlackAgendaReport.com.
BAR executive editor Glen Ford can be contacted at Glen.Ford@BlackAgendaReport.com .
A sense of panic is setting in among many campaigners for drastic cuts in global carbon emissions .
It is becoming obvious that the highly trumpeted meeting set for Copenhagen in December will not deliver a binding international treaty that will make a significant difference to global warming .
After lofty rhetoric and big promises , politicians are starting to play the blame game .
Developing countries blame rich countries for the lack of progress .
Many blame the United States , which will not have cap - and - trade legislation in place before Copenhagen .
The United Nations Secretary General says that " it may be difficult for President Obama to come with strong authority " to reach agreement in Copenhagen .
Others blame developing countries - particularly Brazil , China and India - for a reluctance to sign up to binding carbon cuts .
Wherever you turn , somebody is being blamed for Copenhagen 's apparent looming failure .
Yet it has been clear for some time that there is a more fundamental problem : immediate promises of carbon cuts do not work .
Seventeen years ago , industrialised nations promised with great fanfare in Rio de Janeiro to cut emissions to 1990 levels by 2000 .
Emissions overshot the target by 12 per cent .
In Kyoto , leaders committed to a cut of 5.2 per cent below 1990 levels by 2010 .
The failure to meet that target will probably be even more spectacular , with emissions overshooting by about 25 per cent .
The plan was to convene world leaders in Copenhagen and renew vows to cut carbon while committing to even more ambitious targets .
But it is obvious that even a last - minute scramble to salvage some form of agreement will fare no better in actually helping the planet .
With such a poor track record , there is a need for soul - searching and openness to other approaches .
A realistic Plan B does not mean plotting a second meeting after Copenhagen , as some have suggested .
It means re-thinking our strategy .
This year , we at the Copenhagen Consensus Centre commissioned research from top climate economists examining feasible ways to respond to global warming .
Their research looked at how much we could help the planet by setting different levels of carbon taxes , planting more trees , cutting methane , reducing black soot emissions , adapting to global warming , or focusing on a technological solution to climate change .
The Centre convened an expert panel of five of the world 's leading economists , including three Nobel Prize winners , to consider all the new research and identify the best - and worst - options .
The panel found that expensive , global carbon taxes would be the worst option .
This finding was based on a groundbreaking research paper that showed that even a highly efficient global CO2 tax aimed at fulfilling the ambitious goal of keeping temperature increases below 2C would reduce annual world GDP by 12.9 per cent , or $ 40 trillion , in 2100 .
The total cost would be 50 times that of the avoided climate damage .
And if politicians choose less efficient , less co-ordinated cap - and - trade policies , the costs could escalate a further 10 to 100 times .
Instead , the panel recommended focusing investment on research into climate engineering as a short - term response , and on non-carbon - based energy as a longer - term response .
Some proposed climate - engineering technologies - in particular , marine cloud - whitening technology - that could be cheap , fast , and effective .
Boats would spray seawater droplets into clouds above the oceans to make them reflect more sunlight back into space , reducing warming .
Remarkably , the research suggests that a total of about $ 9 billion spent implementing marine cloud - whitening technology might be able to offset this entire century 's global warming .
Even if one approaches this technology with concerns - as many of us do - we should aim to identify its limitations and risks sooner rather than later .
It appears that climate engineering could buy us some time , and it is time that we need if we are to make a sustainable and smooth shift away from reliance on fossil fuels .
Research shows that non-fossil fuel energy sources will - based on today 's availability - get us less than halfway towards a path of stable carbon emissions by 2050 , and only a tiny fraction of the way towards stabilisation by 2100 .
If politicians change course and agree in Copenhagen to invest significantly more in research and development , we would have a much greater chance of getting this technology to the level where it needs to be .
And because it would be cheaper and easier than carbon cuts , there would be a much greater chance of reaching a genuine , broad - based - and thus successful - international agreement .
Carbon pricing could be used to finance research and development , and to send a price signal to promote the deployment of effective , affordable technology alternatives .
Investing about $ 100 billion annually would mean that we could essentially resolve the climate - change problem by the end of this century .
While the blame game will not solve global warming , the mounting panic could lead to a positive outcome if it means we re-consider our current approach .
If we want real action , we need to pick smarter solutions that will cost less and do more .
That would be a result for which every politician would be happy to accept responsibility .
TEGUCIGALPA ( Reuters ) - The Honduran interim government defied international pressure on Wednesday and vowed there was “ no chance at all ” of ousted President Manuel Zelaya returning to office .
World leaders from President Barack Obama to Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez have told the new rulers of the Central American country to restore Zelaya , a leftist who was toppled by the army on Sunday and sent into exile after a dispute over presidential term limits .
The Organization of American States gave Honduras an ultimatum early on Wednesday to allow Zelaya back into office by this weekend or face suspension .
But the interim government ’s response indicated there was little immediate hope of a negotiated solution to the crisis in Honduras , an impoverished coffee and textile producer .
Enrique Ortez , interim foreign minister , said Zelaya would be arrested if he came home , and said the interim authorities were sure that Zelaya had been removed in a legal process .
“ We are not negotiating national sovereignty or the presidency , ” he told Reuters in an interview .
“ There is no chance at all , ” of Zelaya coming back to power . [ nN01401959 ]
The crisis in Honduras has spiraled into the worst political turmoil in Central America since the U.S. invasion of Panama in 1989 , posing a test both for regional diplomacy and for Obama ’s ability to improve the United States ’ battered standing in Latin America .
In further signs of isolation of the interim government , the Inter - American Development Bank said it was pausing all new loans to Honduras until democracy is restored , while Spanish Foreign Minister Miguel Angel Moratinos said Europe will not talk to the new rulers if they attempt to get in touch .
“ ( The interim government ) is going to try , but it ’s better they do n’t try , because they will not get an answer from us and moreover the instruction that embassies from European Union countries have is to not attend any event , make contact , have any communication with the provisional authorities , that that is our position , ” he told Spanish state radio .
But a spokesman for the Swedish government said EU states had not reached a common position on what diplomats would do .
The United States will wait until at least July 6 to decide whether to cut off aid to Honduras , a senior Obama administration official said .
NOT POPULAR AT HOME
Zelaya , who took office in 2006 and had been due to leave power in 2010 , was forced out over his push to extend presidential mandates beyond a single term .
Slideshow ( 39 images )
He had become a divisive figure in Honduras , a coffee , textile and banana - exporter of 7 million people , especially after he allied himself with Chavez , a firebrand socialist who has sought to build regional leftist solidarity as a counter to U.S. influence .
Public support for Zelaya , a wealthy businessman , had dropped as low as 30 percent in recent months , with many Hondurans uncomfortable over his tilt to the left in a country with a longtime conservative , pro-Washington position .
But protesters have taken to the streets to demand his return and they clashed earlier this week with security forces firing tear gas near the presidential palace in the capital , Tegucigalpa .
Zelaya called for more demonstrations .
Slideshow ( 39 images )
“ Stay firm .
Do n’t abandon the streets until we have earned victory , ” he told a Honduran radio station from Panama .
He said the coup leaders would go on trial when he got back unless they quickly handed over power to him .
Zelaya gave up a plan to return home on Thursday , accompanied by a group of foreign leaders , to serve out his term .
He said he now did not expect to return before the weekend , which a senior Obama administration official called a wise move that gives the OAS the chance to find a solution .
Although there was no announced OAS mission to Honduras , diplomatic sources in Washington said that OAS chief Insulza would seek channels of communication with the interim government through respected figures not involved in the coup , such as church leaders .
Asked about the chances of achieving a political solution , one diplomat in Washington said , “ It ’s really going to depend on whether this regime is willing to compromise , whether it wants to risk becoming a pariah in the region , whether it wants to face the possibility of sanctions . ”
STRESS TEST OF U.S. DIPLOMACY
The crisis in Honduras erupted as the country struggles with a sharp decline in remittances from Hondurans living in the United States and in vital textile exports .
Thousands of jobs have already been lost due to the slowdown in exports .
But coffee producers told Reuters exports had not been affected even after protesters blocked major highways in the interior of the country .
The Honduran coup has quickly become a “ stress test ” for the U.S. government ’s commitment to defending democracy in Latin America .
“ Unfortunately , Zelaya is an awkward poster child for democracy in Latin America , given his tenuous respect for the rule of law in recent weeks , ” said Dan Erikson , of the Inter - American Dialogue .
Zelaya ’s bid to organize a referendum on whether presidents should be able to run again was the final straw for the army .
The supreme court had declared his plebiscite invalid .
The Pentagon said on Wednesday the U.S. military had postponed activities with its Honduran counterpart while the Obama administration reviewed the situation in Honduras .
The U.S. military has a task force of about 600 troops at a base northwest of the capital in Honduras , which was a U.S. ally in the 1980s when Washington helped Central American governments fight Marxist rebels .
The intertubes are all abuzz this morning with rumors about Andrew Breitbart ’s “ explosive ” new story on the NEA and Yosi Sergant , due at 11 AM today my time .
Breitbart , who first popularized the ACORN - sting videos , will further the right - wing media campaign to discredit community organizing .
The NEA has been on the GOP ’s hit - list for a very long time .
Conservative philosophy admits at best a small role for public art funding ; as you might expect , this is one reason why few successful artists are Republicans .
To be fair , moderate republicans were instrumental in saving the NEA from Newt Gingrich ’s chopping - block — but there are no moderates in the GOP anymore .
The arts also thrive on open exchange and education : two elements commonly associated with progressive thought .
Artists tend to be politically active , and have been ever since the New Deal , when President Roosevelt included artists in his stimulus effort .
Now , the NEA is part of Obama ’s stimulus , too :
The $ 819 billion stimulus package that passed in the House of Representatives contains $ 50 million in funding for the National Endowment of the Arts , which would increase the agency ’s current budget by 50 percent
As you might expect , conservatives are dismayed .
Ryan L. Cole at NRO :
( G) overnments , past or present , do not exactly have a stellar record when it comes to patronizing the arts .
Those who believe otherwise would do well to look at the painting , sculpture , and architecture of Nazi Germany , Fascist Italy , or Communist China .
Or Paris .
Or Venice .
Or London .
Public arts funding has a pedigree as ancient as the Sphinx .
It is practiced in every modern democracy as a vital part of public works .
Indeed , much of that New Deal money went to improving public buildings .
There is today an entire field of “ Public Art ” with real economic and cultural impact :
An average of 55 million viewers experience public art firsthand every day , approximately 1,000 times the audience experiencing art galleries , museums and theaters combined .
The Vietnam Memorial alone is visited by more than 10,000 people daily , and artworks in airports or subways are seen daily by over five million travelers .
Public art receives ten times the media attention other art forms receive .
An average public art project provides 50 times the economic impact of arts events in traditional venues , yet the cost to the public for public art is less than 50 cents per taxpayer per year , based on the amount of public funding used to fund public art .
In two cases — Christo ’s “ Wrapped Reichstag ” for Berlin , which generated more than $ 300 million in three weeks for that city , and Chicago ’s “ Cows on Parade , ” which generated more than $ 200 million for that city — no taxpayer ’s dollars were used .
On August 25th , Breitbart ’s website broke a story about a conference call :
On Thursday August 6th , I was invited by the National Endowment for the Arts to attend a conference call scheduled for Monday August 10th hosted by the NEA , the White House Office of Public Engagement , and United We Serve .
The call would include “ a group of artists , producers , promoters , organizers , influencers , marketers , taste - makers , leaders or just plain cool people to join together and work together to promote a more civically engaged America and celebrate how the arts can be used for a positive change ! ”
Breitbart blogger Patrick Courrielche opened his post thusly :
I recently wrote a critique of the art community ’s lack of dissent in the face of many controversial decisions made by the current administration .
Entitled “ The Artist Formerly Known as Dissident , ” one of the key points argued in the article was the potential danger associated with the use of the art community as a tool of the state .
Little did I know how quickly this concern would be elevated to an outright probability .
( Emphasis mine )
These scare words from someone who declined an invitation to participate in the Obama campaign on “ philosophical grounds . ”
Here ’s how Courrielche described the conference call :
Backed by the full weight of President Barack Obama ’s call to service and the institutional weight of the NEA , the conference call was billed as an opportunity for those in the art community to inspire service in four key categories , and at the top of the list were “ health care ” and “ energy and environment . ”
The service was to be attached to the President ’s United We Serve campaign , a nationwide federal initiative to make service a way of life for all Americans .
It sounded , how should I phrase it…unusual , that the NEA would invite the art community to a meeting to discuss issues currently under vehement national debate .
I decided to call in , and what I heard concerned me .
( Emphasis mine )
Forty - eight hours after the conference call , twenty - one arts organizations endorsed health care reform .
The Washington Times picked up on the story , George Will stovepiped the scandal onto ABC’s This Week , and then the Times reported :
16 of the groups and affiliated organizations received nearly $ 2 million in grants from the National Endowment for the Arts in the 150 days before the conference call .
According to a Washington Times analysis of NEA records , more than $ 1 million of that total came from the stimulus package
Yosi Sergant , the NEA ’s director of communications , was reassigned that same day , causing intense speculation in the right - wing blogosphere .
And in fact , the only accusation Breitbart has presented with any merit is that Yosi Sergant was more than a “ participant ” in the conference call and “ lied ” about sending Courrielche the email invitation .
In other words , this is a nontroversy .
The crux of this attack is Courrielche ’s view that Obama ’s NEA “ would invite the art community to a meeting to discuss issues currently under vehement national debate . ”
Yet the “ issues ” at issue — health care reform , green transformation , etc. — were hotly debated for months ; practically all of 2008 was dedicated to a public discussion of these issues .
Then an election was held , and Obama won on a platform of change .
Moreover , it is bizarre to see a self - described “ artist ” suggest that his fellow artists should not take sides in controversial issues .
The rhetorical thrust of this attack , that Obama is turning artists into “ tools of the state , ” is a dog- whistle of Beckian fearmongering .
Indeed , Beck has been promoting an “ art - is - communist ” meme .
The arts are once again under attack .
Beck ’s incredible ignorance about the art of Rockefeller center is deliberate .
It is also a cautionary tale in why patrons of the arts have always reserved some editorial privileges .
Quite simply , Congress approved stimulus funding for the arts ; the government , like all arts patrons since the Medici family ruled Venice , is allowed to encourage some amount of direction .
Nor is there any visible pressure on artists .
Rock The Vote has a “ health care design contest , ” for example — a voluntary call for submissions , not a command from the Kremlin .
But it is precisely that volunteer aspect which invites Courrielche ’s attack : he ’s from the Ayn Rand School that considers volunteer programs to be a form of slavery .
It is precisely out of self - interest that artists , never held in esteem by movement conservatism , would want to get engaged with such issues .
Why would n’t they get behind the public option , for example ?
Few professional artists have an employer providing health insurance ; at a guess , I ’d say that eighty percent of American artists are forced onto the individual market and would greatly benefit from a public option .
But it is n’t just in the interest of artists that arts play a role in promoting reform .
Both the stimulus and the “ greening ” of our economy are in the long - term interests of every American .
Complaining that Obama encourages artists to promote these things is the same as wanting them to fail .
Now , Breitbart ’s Big Hollywood site hints at the new scoop :
Among the Obama Administration officials on the call were Buffy Wicks , Office of Public Engagement and the lead White House official on the President ’s Serve .
Gov initiative to promote national service .
Also on the call was Nell Abernathy , Director of Outreach for Serve .
Gov .
One of their main goals on the call , it seems , was to encourage artists to produce works that would reinforce the President ’s call for service ; specifically through the Serve .
Gov web - portal .
As Dana Loesch recently reported at Big Government , the Serve .
Gov portal funnels citizens to volunteer or service projects connected with ACORN and other leftist groups .
The taxpayer - funded website is evolving into a cyber - recruitment tool for the progressive movement .
( Emphasis mine )
And there you have it : Obama ’s administration is up to community organizing — oh , the horror ! — which is only a problem if you do n’t believe in public funding for the arts , want Obama and America to fail , or belong to the Ayn Rand cult .
I remember making fun of a friend of mine because he insisted on using Linux to run his desktop computer .
It was 2003 and all I knew about the Linux operating system was that it seemed overly complicated , ugly and archaic compared to the familiar interface of my Windows XP .
And that its mascot was a penguin .
Now every time I open my browser I ’m bombarded with mention of Linux — it ’s everywhere .
Which begs the questions :
Why now ?
Why Linux ?
Ubuntu :
The name of this Linux distribution translates as “ humanity towards others . ”
Initially released in 2004 by Canonical Ltd. and the Ubuntu Foundation , the focus of Ubuntu was usability , accessibility and internationalization .
The first publicly released version of the operating system , version 4.10 or Warty Warthog , was functional , but not exactly pretty .
New versions of the operating system have come out twice every year since Warty ’s release and are always named after some sort of animal .
Most credit Ubuntu 7.10 or Gutsy Gibbon , released in 2007 , with the operating system ’s real take off .
Sleek , integrated and user - friendly , Gibbon polished Ubuntu for the average desktop adopting many of the conventions that have made the Mac operating systems so successful — good graphics , good fonts and an intuitive interface .
Most important to the rising popularity of this distribution is the fact that the system requirements it needs to run are minimal .
On a laptop or desktop the newest version of Ubuntu , Jaunty Jackalope , requires a 300MHz processor , 256MB of RAM , and a 4GB hard drive capacity .
New versions of the established operating systems require quite a bit more from hardware : Windows 7 requires a 1GHz processor , 1GB of RAM ; Mac Snow Leopard needs an 867 MHz processor , 1GB of RAM .
( These are the bare minimums you need to run the software .
If you want to run them without lag , you ’ll need faster systems than that )
A better system can never hurt but Gibbon and its successors can run on the bare minimum .
What has that got to do with anything , you ask ?
Snow Leopard and Windows 7 are getting praise everyday for being bigger and better .
Why is the little guy packing such a punch ?
The Netbook :
Netbooks made their début around the same time gibbons were getting gutsy .
Gaining popularity in 2007 , these tiny computers — also referred to as mini-notebooks or subnotebooks — were conceived to be low - weight , low - cost and portable .
They catered to people who wanted to wander around town using the increasingly ubiquitous Wi-Fi to hop on the Internet at a café or use simple word processing software to take notes in classes or meetings .
They were designed to be companion devices to the computers and laptops that people already owned .
The downside : netbooks typically come with 7 - 10 inch screens , the RAM can vary anywhere from 1GB down to 256 MB , and the price tends to go up with the processing speed .
As of January 2009 , 90 per cent of the netbooks shipped came equipped with the Windows operating system but some of the most popular netbooks —
Dell Inspiron Mini 10 v , Toshiba NB100 , Acer Aspire One , ASUS Eee PC — give the buyer the choice of a Linux operating system .
Linux ’s key strength is its ability to adapt .
New versions of Ubuntu come out every six or so months and the developers at Canonical have n’t been ignoring the netbook invasion .
Ubuntu now offers Netbook Remix , specifically designed to function more efficiently on the smaller netbook screens and to better utilize the Intel Atom processor found in the top selling brands Acer and ASUS — as well as others .
Canonical actually worked with Intel while creating its software with the aim of supporting the chip ( and to gain favour with Intel and the netbook manufacturers , no doubt ) .
Linux ’s connection with netbooks has rocketed it into visibility .
The Economy :
Needless to say , with the economy in the state it ’s in , many people are opting to economize .
So what do you do when you ca n’t afford a laptop but ca n’t take your desktop with you ?
You buy a netbook .
And people have been buying them in droves .
In 2008 14.6 million netbooks were shipped .
So far in 2009 , the shipments of netbooks have gone up by 40 per cent .
The tiny computers can go for as little as $ 99 USD ( though this usually entails signing up for some sort of data plan ) but usually cost between $ 300 and $ 700 USD .
As mentioned earlier , as the quality of the netbook you ’re buying goes up , so does the price .
The less expensive models usually come with slower processors and less RAM , conditions that make Linux an ideal operating system .
As people choose the more affordable options like the cheaper netbooks , technology that ’s not great but good enough to get the job done , larger swaths of the population are being exposed to Linux software , and the operating system gains in popularity .
The Ubuntu distribution and all of the software associated with Linux are also completely free for anyone who wants to download them , making a Linux - based system ideal for someone who wants to upgrade , but ca n’t afford licensed products , or someone who just wants to keep their older , slower system running instead of buying a new one .
The Community :
The open source community is probably the most consistent factor in the rise of Linux .
Competing with business tools such as Windows Sharepoint server , the programmers and promoters of Linux - based software are vigilant in fixing and improving the products they create quickly .
Allowing users to change and create software also allows Linux to respond to the rapid technological changes we face today .
This gives Linux products a versatility that some of their competitors lack —
Linux has adapted to almost all of the hardware we ’ve thrown at it : netbooks , phones , GPSes .
The open source community has a mission , a direction and will support the open source alternative , even if the established licensed software holds an advantage .
This support allowed Linux to flourish in relative public obscurity for years , and has helped it emerge now as a powerful competitor .
Despite Linux / Unix server options losing market share to Microsoft server products , their desktop software is continuously gaining ground .
My first reaction to the speech by FCC chairman Julius Genachowski about the FCC 's interest in pursuing a foundation of Net neutrality was : finally .
Finally we might be able to have some backing from the government in a quest for the obvious -- that big ISPs should not have the right to pick and choose what traffic is delivered based on boardroom decisions and the squeals of shareholders .
That the Internet should continue to be open for everyone with a connection at home or access to a library .
Naturally , there are those in government who think this is a terrible idea -- namely , Kay Bailey Hutchinson ( R - Tx ) .
She has introduced an amendment to an unrelated bill that would bar the FCC from pursuing this action .
If this passes , there will be no way for the FCC to fund development of regulations to mandate free and open networks within the United States .
If I read the fine print correctly ( and IANAL ) , the FCC would be powerless to control the actions of the big carriers .
[ FCC chairman Julius Genachowski has enumerated six principles to safeguard an open Internet .
|
Keep up on the day 's tech news headlines with InfoWorld 's Today 's Headlines : First Look newsletter . ]
The justification Hutchinson uses for this amendment is that mandating Net neutrality would " stifle innovation , " and " America has experienced robust investment and innovation in network performance and online content and applications .
For that innovation to continue , we must tread lightly when it comes to new regulations . "
Here is my reply :
Dear Senator Hutchinson :
I 'm sorry , Senator , you have it backward .
If the big ISPs are allowed to play free and easy with packets traversing their networks , innovation will plummet .
Only those companies that can afford to tithe the big ISPs will get to play in the " publicly accessible " Internet , and those that can't afford to do so will simply cease to exist as an entity on the network -- traffic to their sites can and will simply be throttled to ridiculous levels or tossed entirely .
Make no mistake :
You 're advocating and encouraging a legal nationwide protection racket .
Please understand that the Internet is not and never will be a parallel for any other communications medium .
It is not analogous to cable TV , it is not analogous to the PSTN , it is a completely separate and unique entity that has nearly single - handedly revolutionized the world socially , financially , and politically .
The linchpin of this success is the free and unfettered delivery of data from one point to another .
By allowing quasi- monopolies to control whether or not that data is delivered is a most horrible idea .
Please note that I am not talking about bandwidth caps or levels of service ; I am talking about the fact that you wish to sanctify the actions of large corporations to deny their customers the right to request information from a third party at a whim , to essentially make large swaths of the Internet inaccessible unless both their customer and the third - party site pay a fee for that information .
This goes way beyond putting tolls on the roads ; this is the same as allowing gangs of thugs to patrol the highways , shaking down travelers however they see fit .
Add in the simple fact that in many places there is only a single broadband provider , and you are essentially giving that provider the right to hold the Internet hostage to their own customers .
Yes , their customers can certainly cancel their service -- they are n't required to have Internet access -- but that directly conflicts with your own statements regarding innovation and investment .
Without customers , there wo n't be much of either .
Further , large ISPs have a habit of increasing rates for those who order a la carte services , such as Internet without phone and Internet without TV .
They can and will develop pricing plans that make it difficult for dissatisfied customers to use another Internet provider ( assuming there is one ) without breaking the budget or losing TV service .
I understand that the big carriers are against Net neutrality and would love nothing more than to provide Internet access in a similar fashion to cable TV .
It would be a big boon for them .
It would also be an unconscionable betrayal of the American people should it come to pass .
The big carriers have been given more than enough time ( and simply massive amounts of government funding ) to build , maintain , and grow their networks .
High - speed data equipment and infrastructure are faster and cheaper than at any other time in history .
This is the time that we should be working to provide the benefits of high - speed Internet access to those places in this country that are still without it , not trying to impose arbitrary and costly limits on those lucky enough to already have it .
You say , " Where there have been a handful of questionable actions in the past on the part of a few companies , the Commission and the marketplace have responded swiftly .
The case has simply not been made for what amounts to a significant regulatory intervention into a vibrant marketplace . "
Essentially , you are claiming that since no carrier has been bold enough to actually implement a tiered structure , they wo n't .
You must realize that in many cases we 're talking about the same companies that charge more to send a single SMS text message than it costs to retrieve the same amount of data from the Hubble telescope .
The terms " fair " and " reasonable " are n't in these companies ' dictionaries .
If Net neutrality is tossed out the window , the next Facebook or the next Twitter will not even get off the ground .
Instead of a small company with a great idea and a groundswell of users and contributors , those with tiered Internet will be blocked from accessing a budding business
Web site , perhaps with an interceptor page offering to give them access for only an additional $ 5 a month .
On the other end , the carriers will have their hands out to a fledgling company for payola to add the company 's Web site to their tiers .
Naturally , this is in addition to whatever costs the site already incurs for raw access .
If you want to discuss stifling of innovation , there you have it .
The fact is , Senator , that if your amendment comes to pass , explicitly prohibiting government involvement in maintaining a neutral Net , they will do exactly that absolutely as quickly as they can .
You will be serving them an exquisite meal made from the technological and innovative future of the United States .
Sincerely ,
Paul Venezia
ST . LOUIS  In the St. Louis Cardinals ' final homestand before the All - Star break , San Francisco Giants pitcher Randy Johnson received a standing ovation from the Busch Stadium crowd as he walked off the mound en route to his 303rd career victory .
" It 's something that happens here , and it's not surprising , " an appreciative Johnson says of the warm applause .
This is St. Louis baseball .
Three - and - a - half hours before first pitch , Red Schoendienst , 86 , is in full uniform as he walks through the team 's clubhouse area , sharing his wisdom from 45 seasons as a Cardinals player , coach and manager .
This is St. Louis baseball .
In Stan Musial Plaza ( off Musial Drive by the Musial statue ) at Gate 3 , several hundred fans wearing Cardinals jerseys , T - shirts , hats — even earrings — line up in an orderly queue to enter the park .
By the time God Bless America and The Star - Spangled Banner are sung , the stands are filled in a sea of red to rival a Nebraska football game .
This is St. Louis baseball .
When sports magazines and personalities dub St. Louis " America 's Best Baseball Town , " they are n't judging it on the toasted ravioli , the Budweiser or the new retro ballpark .
It 's the fans and tradition .
Perhaps it 's the time - honored Midwestern values of community and civility .
St. Louis fans have earned a reputation for their loyalty to any player wearing a bird and bat on his chest and appreciation for the accomplishments of the men in road grays .
The undiluted baseball atmosphere will be on display today in MLB 's 80th All - Star Game , the fifth in the city and the first in 43 years .
" They 're the best fans in baseball , " Cardinals All - Star first baseman Albert Pujols says .
" As long as you play the game the right way , it does n't matter what you 're hitting , the fans are going to support you . "
Fox Sports ' Joe Buck , who will call the game with former Cardinals catcher Tim McCarver , knows the tradition .
He grew up in St. Louis as his father , Jack , was carving his name among the legendary Cardinals broadcasters .
" There 's something that 's instilled in you as a young person in St. Louis that you respect the game and you respect the opposition , " says Buck , whose father died in 2002 .
Fans in East Coast hotbeds such as Boston and New York are every bit as passionate , but they work hard to make sure visiting players never feel comfortable .
That 's not on the agenda here .
" We come to see baseball , " Cardinals fan Arlen White , 75 , of Nashville , Ill. , says at a recent game with his wife , daughter and grandson .
" We 're not New York fans .
They come to harass . "
Yankees fan David Curry , 41 , a St. Louis native who lives in Stratham , N.H. , attended the Futures Game on Sunday wearing a Mickey Mantle road jersey and New York cap .
He agrees most New York fans would find St. Louisans too timid .
Not only do the Yankee Stadium faithful get on opposing players , " They intimidate fans , they intimidate our players , " he says .
But , he adds , " Every other city should take example of how fans are here .
I have n't had anybody hassle me . "
For years , Chicago 's Wrigley Field matched Busch in its combination of passion and patience with the home team .
But Cubs fans have taken a harder edge in recent years , a phenomenon Chicago Tribune baseball writer Paul Sullivan described in 2006 as the " Phillyization " of Chicago .
The Cardinals ' home has gained a reputation as a boo - free zone , though that has begun to change , particularly with the 2006 move to the new Busch and its higher ticket prices .
" They do n't just boo for booing 's sake , " says former Cardinal Mike Shannon , in his 38th year in the team 's broadcast booth .
" They want to see a guy down and dirty and playing hard . "
Roots run deep
The support is rooted in the city 's rich baseball history .
The Cardinals joined the National League in 1892 as the Browns ( their name from American Association days ) and adopted their current nickname in 1900 .
For 52 seasons , the city was home to two major league teams before the American League Browns moved to Baltimore to become the Orioles in 1954 .
Schoendienst , who broke in with the Cardinals in 1945 , says , " It was an American League town when the Browns were here , but the Cardinals drew more because they had people come from out of town . "
The regional appeal was the product of a broad radio network led by 50,000 - watt giant KMOX , which could be heard in more than 40 states at night , and the organization 's farm system , which had more than two dozen minor league affiliates at its peak .
" They had 500 minor league players in those days , and they had clubs in Arkansas , Oklahoma , all over , " Schoendienst says .
Fans would go to St. Louis to see players they 'd been following from their days in the minors .
" They have a lot of knowledge of the game .
They 've always had good broadcasters , " says Schoendienst , who managed the Cardinals to the 1967 World Series title and now is special assistant to the general manager .
The list of men behind the mike includes Harry Caray for 25 years , Buck for nearly 50 , Joe Garagiola and now Shannon and John Rooney .
Love and respect for the game , nurtured by the iconic radio broadcasters , were handed down from generation to generation .
White and his wife , Deloris , came to the last home game before the break with their daughter Teresa Miller of St. Charles , Mo. , and her son Nick , 24 , on his second day home from civilian duty in Iraq .
" He was 6 weeks old when he came to his first game , " Teresa says of her son .
Stan Atchison , 50 , of Warrenton , Mo. , was at the game the previous night with his son , daughter and her son .
Each member of the two families , like most , was dressed either in red or a Cardinals white home jersey .
Atchison would n't think of attending a game in anything else .
" It 's sacrilegious , " he says , laughing .
Small market , big crowds
Not only do they come in red , they also come in numbers .
Playing in the nation 's 18th - largest metropolitan area , the Cardinals are again in the top five in major league attendance , averaging 40,229 fans , 90 % of regular capacity and a 3.25 million pace .
They have drawn 3 million fans in 10 of the last 11 seasons ( missing by 90,000 in 2003 ) , a feat surpassed only by the Los Angeles Dodgers ( 12 of 13 ) and matched only by the New York Yankees .
The Cardinals first passed the 3 million mark in 1987 .
Before that , only the Dodgers had drawn 3 million .
( The defending world champion New York Mets reached the magic mark the same year as St. Louis . )
The large , appreciative crowds in an environment away from the glare of a major media market make St. Louis appealing .
Slugger Mark McGwire passed up free agency to re-sign with the Cardinals less than two months after he was acquired from the Oakland Athletics in midseason 1997 .
When the Cardinals acquired outfielder Jim Edmonds in spring training of 2000 , McGwire greeted him by saying , " Welcome to Baseball Heaven . "
Six weeks later , Edmonds re-upped .
" I 've talked to guys who have been on , like , eight different teams , and they say that 's the best place they ever played , " says Chicago White Sox pitcher Mark Buehrle , who is from nearby St. Charles , Mo. , and a member of the AL All - Star team .
Young Cardinals are surprised at how quickly the populace recognizes them .
" From the time I showed up — and I was n't even healthy that first year — everybody knew who I was , " pitcher Chris Carpenter says .
" People are super nice and not overbearing . "
The affection builds with time and is reciprocated , as many former Cardinals settle into the community .
" There 's a long line of royalty there that comes back and always wants to be a part of what 's going on , " Buck says .
The Giants ' Johnson recalls warm receptions for accomplishments in other cities but says St. Louis is probably No. 1 " when it comes to all - around appreciation of their players , the history of the game and opposing players .
...
It 's a fun city to come to because you know it 's all baseball here . "
Educated fans .
Tradition .
A baseball town to its core .
Mary Bottari is a reporter for the Center for Media and Democracy ( CMD ) .
She helped launch CMD 's award - winning ALEC Exposed investigation and is a two - time recipient of the Sidney Prize for public interest journalism from the Sidney Hillman Foundation .
She spearheaded CMD 's work on the 2008 Wall Street meltdown and subsequent attacks by right - wing politicians on organized labor and working families .
Mary contributes frequently to the Huffington Post , Truthout , Alternet , Common Dreams , The Nation , the Capital Times and other media outlets .
Her research has been used by Washington Post , the New York Times , Business Week , the New Yorker , Marketplace , CNN , Bill Moyers Journal , MSNBC and dozens of Wisconsin media outlets .
When too - big - to - fail financial service institutions collapsed the global economy in 2008 , Mary launched CMD 's BanksterUSA website and gained a following for making complex banking issues understandable , and for poking fun at the big banks and government officials for weak reforms and outrageous efforts to spin the crisis .
At a time when the public was upset about the $ 700 billion TARP bailout bill , the Bankster project downloaded Federal Reserve data to publish one of the first tallies , program by program , showing that the Federal Reserves Wall Street Bailout was approaching $ 5 trillion .
During the financial crisis , Mary contributed to the board of the Wall Street watchdog , Americans for Financial Reform .
Before coming to CMD , Mary worked for the consumer group Public Citizen and served as a senior analyst on trade , financial services , chemical and food safety .
For many years , she has been part of the Transatlantic Consumer Dialogue ( TACD ) .
Mary was asked to serve on the 2016 DNC platform committee , in her personal capacity , due to her expertise in trade and finance .
Previously , Mary worked in Washington for U.S. Senator Russ Feingold and in the Wisconsin State Senate .
She has a BA from Bryn Mawr College and an MA from the University of Chicago .
She lives in Madison , Wisconsin with her daughter and her husband John Nichols .
Her favorite Wisconsin cheese is Pleasant Ridge Reserve .
Recent stories :
CMD Wins Open Records Lawsuit against Governor Walker
Reporters ' Guide : Federal Contractors with History of OSHA Violations Battle New Safety Rules
TTIP of the Iceberg : Consumer Concerns Could Sink the US - EU Trade Agreement
ALEC Works to Scuttle Global Climate Agreement
Walker Strikes Truth and Wisconsin Idea from UW Mission in Budget
coworker : hey jim jim : i refuse to talk to you coworker : why ?
jim : you 're 32 and dating my 17 year old daughter jim : you also killed my cat coworker : just be happy that it's not the other way around * coworker smiles and jim looks angry *
In the wake of the Sigg / bisphenol - A controversy , a top researcher and CEO of Environmental Health Sciences fills us in on the news : endocrine disruptors such as BPA and phthalates are indeed toxic at low - level doses , too .
And they ’re toxic in entirely different ways than at the traditional high - dose testing indicates .
The way the tests work today is we think that by testing at high doses we ’re gonna see everything .
So that once we get to a dose that ’s intermediate and we do n’t see anything , we ’re golden .
But the science is telling us that at really low doses as contaminants mimic hormones .
They can have effects that are totally unpredictable by what happens at high doses .
Pete Myers spoke to Living on Earth about the consequences of current testing .
[ social_buttons ]
We know that by describing a chemical as “ endocrine disrupting ” , we are saying that it interferes with the normal function of hormones in some way .
Currently , the popular notion is that chemicals are only problematic at high doses .
After all , we are exposed to a variety of toxins daily and have been our whole lives .
That whole , “ And I turned out fine ” line of thinking .
But what does “ fine ” describe ?
What hormones and these contaminants do is at very low doses they turn on and off genes .
Genes are being turned on and off trillions of times a second throughout your lifetime .
And the orchestration of that is absolutely vital to life .
If the genes get turned on or off at the wrong time , that ’s gonna lead to a problem .
You ’re gonna lack a protein that might be important for example in suppressing a tumor or in controlling the growth of your heart .
And the body ’s control system for these genes is designed to function at really , really low levels …
We ’re talking parts per trillion to parts per billion to low parts per million .
Recently , news also came out that there is , indeed , still bisphenol - A in those “ BPA - free ” baby items .
Those who reported it , like myself , were given a hard time by some companies for bringing the study to light .
No , the BPA was not put there deliberately .
Yes , we are exposed to it via numerous avenues .
And yes , the BPA in the Health Canada study is at trace amounts , as ZRecs reported soon after .
But what if a “ trace amount ” is still harmful ?
More research clearly needs to be done at low doses , especially contaminants like phthalates and BPA .
Dr. Myers says that while the EPA is finally taking the first steps to investigate these chemicals , this stuff is big business .
Especially BPA :
You do the calculation and it ’s worth about $ 800,000 an hour .
You can buy a lot of lawyers to defend your product with $ 800,000 an hour in revenue .
But BPA is the poster child of this low dose debate .
Click here to read the whole transcript or here to listen to it via RealPlayer .
Image : Shazari on Flickr under a Creative Commons License .
Follow me on Twitter .
HOUSTON  President Obama ’s plan to deliver a speech to public school students on Tuesday has set off a revolt among conservative parents , who have accused the president of trying to indoctrinate their children with socialist ideas and are asking school officials to excuse the children from listening .
The uproar over the speech , in which Mr. Obama intends to urge students to work hard and stay in school , has been particularly acute in Texas , where several major school districts , under pressure from parents , have laid plans to let children opt out of lending the president an ear .
Some parents said they were concerned because the speech had not been screened for political content .
Nor , they said , had it been reviewed by the State Board of Education and local school boards , which , under state law , must approve the curriculum .
“ The thing that concerned me most about it was it seemed like a direct channel from the president of the United States into the classroom , to my child , ” said Brett Curtis , an engineer from Pearland , Tex. , who said he would keep his three children home .
Web site Wacky Uses details dozens of unintended applications of household products , like getting chewing gum off the bottom of your shoe :
Spray on WD - 40 , wait , and pull the gum free .
Other wackiness includes exfoliating with Cheerios and giving yourself a facial with Miracle Whip ( ew . )
Advertisement
WD - 40 [ Wacky Uses via Dumb Little Man ]
Skip to comments .
General strike plans taking shape [ Puerto Rico ]
CaribbeanBusinessPR.com ^ | October 12 , 2009 | CB Online Staff
Posted on by rrstar96
The Coalición Todo Puerto Rico por Puerto Ricos plans for Thursdays looming general strike began to take shape Monday as it claimed initial victories in its protest against the dismissal of more than 16,000 government workers :
The postponing of the Public - Private Partnership Authority conference and the shuttering of the University of Puerto Rico system for the full week .
The PPP conference had been slated for Oct. 15 - 16 at the Convention Center to showcase investment opportunities for specific local projects .
The Fortuño administration is making a push for PPPs to undertake much - needed infrastructure projects and repairs that the government simply cannot afford .
The conference will likely be held later this month .
The Coalición Todo Puerto Rico por Puerto Rico is made up of labor , religious and civic organizations .
Lutheran Church Bishop Felipe Lozada said the coalition would rally along Roosevelt Avenue between the Plaza Las Américas shopping center and Hiram Bithorn Stadium in Hato Rey .
Puerto Rico Workers Federation President José Rodríguez Báez said multiple marches would be launched from different points in the metropolitan area and would converge near Plaza las Américas .
Groups of marchers would set out from points including the Minillas Government Center in Santurce , the Río Piedras Medical Center , Chardón Street , the José Miguel Agrelot Coliseum , UPR Río Piedras , Luis Muñoz Marín Park and the Golden Mile .
Lozada said the aim is not to cripple business at Plaza las Américas , but to demand the reversal of the more 16,000 government worker layoffs under Law 7 announced by the Fortuño administration last month .
Gov. Luis Fortuño has said the right to demonstrate will be protected but that authorities will not allow essential services to be paralyzed .
 From the street , we call the people into the streets so our people are respected ,  Rodríguez said in a press conference .
Asked what union leaders planned for after the general strike , Rodríguez said :  The island is becoming ungovernable and those who dont want to hear are going to have to listen if there are no changes after Oct. 15 , we are going to come out stronger . 
Other unions aim to cripple business at Plaza las Américas
In related news , a separate coalition of labor groups said it will aim to paralyze economic activity around Plaza las Américas as part of the general strike convened for Thursday .
The protest by the Coordinadora Sindical and the Frente Amplio de Solidaridad y Lucha aims to bring the commercial hub around the Caribbeans largest shopping center to a halt .
Luis Pedraza Leduc , spokesman for the Coordinadora Sindical , confirmed that the aim of the protest is to cripple business .
The demonstration is apparently separate from the protests being organized by the Coalición Todo Puerto Rico por Puerto Rico .
 There will not be any economic activity there and that is what we are going to make happen ,  Leduc said in a press conference .
He said protesters are going to gather at 9 a.m.
Thursday outside busy retail outlets including Kmart , Office Max , Toys R Us and others .
Leduc said the Fonalledas family , which owns Plaza las Américas , and Banco Popular President Richard Carrión , who was a member of Gov. Luis Fortuños Fiscal & Economic Reconstruction Advisory Council , must be made to feel the claims of the fired government workers .
TOPICS :
Culture / Society
Government
KEYWORDS :
puertorico
To : cll
ping
This is n’t exercising the right to protest peacefully .
This is intimidation .
To : rrstar96 ; AuH2ORepublican ; livius ; adorno ; wtc911 ; Willie Green ; CGVet58 ; Clemenza ; Narcoleptic ; ...
Puerto Rico Ping !
Please Freepmail me if you want on or off the list .
by 3 posted onby cll ( I am the warrant and the sanction )
To : cll
Are taxi drivers also on strike ?
I ’m arriving in November with my son and need to take a cab from the airport to my Abuela ’s apartment in Puerta de Tierra ...
by 4 posted onby SilvieWaldorfMD ( Airlines can take their $ 15 - per- checked - bag surcharge and shove it ! )
To : rrstar96
The previous two administrations were very tolerant about “ civil ” desobedience .
They even encouraged it .
This administration is different .
They ’re emphasizing that people have a right to air their grievances , but that is a limited right when it conflicts with other people ’s rights .
by 5 posted onby cll ( I am the warrant and the sanction )
To : SilvieWaldorfMD
I do n’t think that this will extend into November , but taxi drivers are near starvation because of the worst tourism year in decades so I think they will not stop working .
If they do , Freepmail me and I ’ll give you a ride , ha !
by 6 posted onby cll ( I am the warrant and the sanction )
To : cll
As the saying goes , my rights begin where yours end .
That ’s the message the fatcat union bosses should hear from responsible Puerto Ricans who refuse to be bullied .
To : cll
Are there any plans by the unions to disrupt public transportation on Thursday ?
They are certainly hellbent on paralyzing everyday activity in the island , at least the San Juan metropolitan area .
To : rrstar96
Looks more like the coalition to screw all of PR .
Nothing says " DO n't invest here " like out of control public Unions ( think - France ) or public turmoil ....
by 9 posted onby ASOC ( Cave quid dicis , quando , et cui )
To : ASOC
They 're looking avidly for the PR version of ...
FIDEL CASTRO ! ! ! !
To : rrstar96
There are no plans to disrupt public transportation .
In fact , yesterday protesters in front of the UPR were trying to disrupt traffic , but were letting public buses through .
As far as paralyzing everyday activity on the island , they might succeed in pockets here and there for a few hours , but they do n’t have the bodies to do much more .
After the Vieques fiasco , people are tired of this crap .
As long as we deny them the momentum they had back then , we should be okay .
by 11 posted onby cll ( I am the warrant and the sanction )
To : cll
Gracias ...
I do have a lady taxi driver ( who works for Rochdale ) whom I always contact prior to leaving Maryland , and she picks me up all the time .
She also knows that my routine is stopping at the grocery store in Isla Verde prior to getting to my Abuela ’s house , and she ’ll wait for me to get a few items and then drop me off .
I can always call my father , but I ca n’t count on him most of the time because he ’s holed up in court or at the radio station , and my stepmom teaches — so I ’d much rather take a cab and not inconvenience anyone , since my arrivals are always during week days .
by 12 posted onby SilvieWaldorfMD ( Airlines can take their $ 15 - per- checked - bag surcharge and shove it ! )
To : ASOC ; cll
If you think the economic situation in Puerto Rico is precarious , just have American businesses leave the island .
To : rrstar96
Many of them already have , hence the huge unemployment numbers on the island .
by 14 posted onby Sergio ( If a tree fell on a mime in the forest , would he make a sound ? )
Disclaimer : Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management .
All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works .
FreeRepublic , LLC , PO BOX 9771 , FRESNO , CA 93794
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000 - 2008 John Robinson
This generation of video game consoles has paved the way for a new generation of pricing .
Publishers settled into the idea of charging $ 60 for a new game rather quickly , but that ’s hardly where the abuse on our wallets ended .
Armed with a new line of online consoles , publishers also had a new potential revenue stream : the ever so popular microtransaction .
There are many examples of modern console games that have used this model to produce a tremendous amount of capital ; games like Rock Band and Guitar Hero are among the best examples .
With the recent debut of Microsoft ’s Halo 3 : ODST , we ’ve been handed a stunning illustration in the art of padding your bottom line .
In many ways , Microsoft deserves much of the credit for many industry trends .
The successful attach rate of software in conjunction with the Xbox 360 ’s relatively strong position in the market has made their third parties happy to follow in their footsteps .
It could be argued that Microsoft introduced gamers ( and perhaps other publishers ) to the concept of hidden costs ; their online service carries a subscription cost ; their accessories are proprietary , allowing them to dictate total control over pricing and availability ; and the Xbox 360 was the first gaming platform to provide the framework for these types of transactions .
The success of this model meant that software giants like Activision and Electonic Arts would n’t be far behind , and the rest is history .
Now that we ’ve established the basics , let ’s take a more detailed look at what this means for the consumer — the gamer .
Before we can go any further , we should audit the real cost of the Halo 3 experience to date :
Halo 3 ( standard retail SKU ) : $ 60 USD
Heroic Map Pack ( DLC ) : $ 10 ; 800 Microsoft Points
Legendary Map Pack ( DLC ) : $ 10 ; 800 Microsoft Points
Mythic Map Pack ( DLC ) : $ 10 ; 800 Microsoft Points
Halo 3 ODST ( standard retail SKU ) : $ 60 USD
Two years of Xbox Live : $ 100 USD
Total cost : $ 250
It ’s only fair to point out that these prices only reflect initial costs .
If you ’re just entering the Haloverse now , you could easily obtain the original release at a discount , or simply purchase Halo 3 : ODST and enjoy the full 24 map multiplayer experience at a significantly lower flat rate .
If you ’re a dedicated Halo fan however , chances are that you consumed these products with haste .
Since ODST is effectively an expansion itself , let ’s also compare this new price format with the old way .
Way back in 2003 , Infinity Ward and Activision released the first entry into the now famous Call of Duty franchise .
A year later , they released a full featured expansion pack , United Offensive .
This package was launched at a discounted price , and included 11 new multiplayer maps , 13 new campaign missions , and three new multiplayer modes .
The amount of content deployed in a traditional expansion pack would have dwarfed what ODST delivered , and they were a fraction of its price .
These initial costs are astounding when you compare them to previous generations , but they ’re even more ridiculous in light of contemporary alternatives .
For the total costs of the Halo experience , you could have purchased four entire Call of Duty titles !
If you include the cost of the console itself you can put it on the same page as World of Warcraft * , its expansion packs , and a two year subscription !
If this sounds a little bit like a rant , well , it is .
I am not however picking on Microsoft , or Halo .
The fact is that the entire industry has caught on , and the competition has played a role in proliferating “ nickel and dime ” pricing .
I remember a time when additional multiplayer levels were an expected form of post release support .
In a few isolated scenarios , this is still the case , but as the market continues to move briskly towards a downloadable future , the microtransaction is here to stay .
How we ’re treated as consumers is largely up to us – as cliché as this sounds – we vote with our wallets .
But he saw promise on the horizon , especially as larger companies become involved in algae research .
" We are still at an early stage ... but as we scale up ( production ) I think costs will come down very , very quickly , " he said .
The iPhone has so many great music - creation apps that they deserve their own category , but shiny dedicated instruments like Korg 's new 37 - key sampler are always nice .
It has a line - input , goose - neck microphone , and editing software for the Mac or PC .
Advertisement
It connects to computers via USB , but also has MIDI in / out connections .
The line - in jack is what you 'd use for any external audio source , including the iPhone .
Away from the desk , the Korg can last about 4 hours on 6xAA batteries .
Sample modes include one - shot , gate , loop , key gate , and auto - next .
What you record in is mapped onto the keys for you to play and build up layers .
Sampling time / internal memory is 42.66 minutes at 24k Hz quality , and half that at 48kHz .
Advertisement
The 21 built - in effects include all the usual stuff ( distortion , EQ , reverb , delay , chorus , looper , etc ) , but there 's no vocoder ( think Daft Punk " Around the World " ) .
Seems a little strange given the attached microphone begs for it .
$ 750 is also pricey compared to fantastic software like Ableton Live ( $ 450 ) .
But , if you 're a hardware purist , the microSAMPLER looks like a very cute little board .
[ Korg via SlashGear ]
by
According to recent data , after spending nearly $ 3 billion in tax payer dollars ( or was it China ’s money ? ) , the Cash for Clunkers program has helped Americans buy nearly 700,000 new cars .
While that ’s certainly a lot of cars , not to mention a lot of help for the ailing auto industry , it seems as if the program ’s reach was pretty narrow .
In order to have been eligible for the Cash for Clunkers program , you needed to trade in a vehicle you ’ve owned for over a year that got an EPA estimated combined city / highway gas mileage of 18 mpg or less , and used the $ 3,500 to $ 4,500 voucher to buy or “ long - term lease ” a vehicle that gets between four to 10 mpg higher for the $ 3,500 credit or more than ten mpg higher for the $ 4,500 credit .
Considering that leading up to last summer ’s record high gas prices , it was the in thing to own a truck or an SUV , it seems that a lot of people stood to benefit from this program .
Â
Unfortunately , this may not have actually been the case .
Here ’s how over 200 people responded when asked :
Have you participated in the Cash for Clunkers program ?
57 % said No , I have no plans to buy a new car
33 % said No , my car does n’t qualify
7 % said Yes , I used it recently when buying a new car
3 % said Yes , but my car was rejected
Very clearly this program has directly helped a very small percentage of the tax paying population , which seems kind of unfair .
I know that it will be argued that a much larger portion population was helped in terms of job creation — new jobs , not so much , rather more likely avoiding layoffs — but it seems as if the ripple effects have been minor , at best .
With most economists predicting a massive decline in the number of cars sold over the coming months , it seems as if the government just kind of delayed when the brunt of the declining U.S. auto industry would hit the economy in general .
Hopefully you were able to take advantage of the program while it was available .
Â
If not , take solace in the fact that you ’re not alone .
Wine Announcement
The Wine development release 1.1.30 is now available .
What 's new in this release ( see below for details ) : - Support for OpenAL . - Many improvements in HTML and JavaScript support . - Many common controls fixes and improvements .
- More Direct3D 10 work .
- Better MAPI support .
- Various bug fixes .
The source is available from the following locations : http://ibiblio.org/pub/linux/system/emulators/wine/wine-1.1.30.tar.bz2
http://prdownloads.sourceforge.net/wine/wine-1.1.30.tar.bz2
Binary packages for various distributions will be available from : http://www.winehq.org/site/download
You will find documentation on http://www.winehq.org/site/documentation
You can also get the current source directly from the git repository .
Check http://www.winehq.org/site/git for details .
Wine is available thanks to the work of many people .
See the file AUTHORS in the distribution for the complete list .
----------------------------------------------------------------
Bugs fixed in 1.1.30 : 175 CreateIcon does not resize bitmaps 4965 Unable to right click on TCL windows apps 5092 FASMW registers file change upon mouse click 5537 ninjam : Enter ( return ) key does not work 5725 Code for undocumented SwitchToThisWindow function does not reflect empirical evidence 5729 Settlers 2 10th Anniversary Edition Demo Shader Errors 5787 mirc script editor complains about truncated files 6318 VB app can't access database 6400 Phantomtest records scripts with too many line breaks 6787 Execution of .exe file cause nothing in Servant Salamander 6813 RichEdit : Performance issue in opening large files 7269 Problem with BDE applications - error $ 251E .
7270 EnigmaSimulator.exe : black client area 7877 Weatherbug install stops because of missing wxdist.dll 8237 C&C 3 out of memory crashes 9345 SecureCRT - Scroll fails on any connection 9362 Incredimail install fails on unimplemented function gdiplus.dll.GdipGetImageEncodersSize 9372 Starting a Dawn of War : Dark Crusade campaign causes a crash .
9735
Wine supplants system menu in child window title bars 9931 Offscreen render targets seem to be off by one 10120 Oblivion lines in water 10493
Wine do no report Pixel Shader 3.0 properly to games 10538 Soul Reaver run runs into a problem with wine 0.9.49 10651 attempt to save storage snapshot of PalmOS simulator causes crash 10720
All chords lyrics are n't displayed in Guitar Pro 5.X 10758 myst4 crashes during startup 11903 Flickering green rectangle in Portal game 12077 Outpost : Can't load DIB.DRV followed by an unhandled page fault .
12262 Sonic Heroes
Demo launcher buttons have glitches 12943 Fonts in some games are displayed incorrectly 12982 MP3tag - < keep > value not set if multiple fields selected 13995 Microsoft .NET Framework 1.1 Service Pack 1 fails to install ( crash ) 14153 StrongDC ++ hangs at start 14657 BIOSHOCK crash when loading second level 14851 Soulseek : can't connect to server 14859 quartz : filtermapper.ok test fails in PC - BSD but not in Ubuntu 14930 SPSS 16 / 17 , Adobe Audition 2 , Framemaker 9 installers fail during file extraction 14979 Winecfg : Test Audio Button hangs winecfg 15159 Blitzkrieg game crashes on startup 15248 Atlantis Quest 1.0 demo hangs on exit 15325 gdi32 : palette test fails in PC - BSD but not Ubuntu 15382 Tray icons wo n't appear 15642 Quake Live fails to install 15651 Corel Painter X needs GdipCreateHBITMAPFromBitmap 15717 Far Cry 2 quits when OffscreenRenderingMode=fbo 15746 T - 72
Balkans in fire demo hangs and sometimes crashes 15780 5 Days A Stranger game encounters a page fault on startup 15816 Office XP installer aborts early 16228 Cannot get a script function from within a comment node .
16240 really long lines fail to import into registery 16399 Theocracy " create Directdraw Failed " 16601 Prince of Persia ( SoT ) ingame graphics stutter after Bink video playback 16642 Program window shuts down on pressing " Esc " 16751 winedbg/be_ppc.c : initialization from incompatible pointer type 16918 Flatout 2 network game not working 16924 Firefly : crashes trying to load MSVCR90.dll 16928 Grand Theft Auto San Andreas : freezes when looking into the sun 17136 IE7 error on startup - Cannot find ' % ws ' .
17291 Enemy Territory Quake Wars benchmark crashes on startup with a divide by zero error in gdiplus 17486 [ radeon ]
FIFA 2004 shows no backgrounds 17599 bridgebaseonline crash 17626 Problems with H&R Block 's TaxCut 2008 17883 Telltale game " Wallace & Grommit " cannot be validated 17985 Slingplayer 2.0 unhandled exception in GdipCreateTexture2 I 18041 Teamviewer 4 crash on Add group of Partner List 18060 Redraw problems in Idle 18151 strtol - errno is not set 18199 WebSlingPlayer Firefox fails to connect to Slingbox 18317 Flash CS3 crash due to unimplemented function gdiplus.dll.GdipSetPathGradientPresetBlend 18387 Oblivion does n't quite make it all the way down 18479 problem with writing to stdout under MSYS 18834 Repeat installation of vcredist_x86.exe ( vcrun2005 associated DLLs ) deletes them permanently from the winsxs folder 18917 Star Trek Armada 2 : Graphic 's initiation failed .
19012 Thief 2 demo crashes on new game 19131 GNU Emacs 22.3 multiple graphical glitches [ dogfood ]
19174 Plants vs Zombies is way too slow 19243 WebSlingPlayer Firefox remote does n't work 19244 Mavis Beacon crashes wine and enabling +relay works as a workaround 19259 Battleforge installer quits unexpectedly 19411 ' wine uninstaller ' crashes on launch ( appinstall ) 19554 Men of War crashes on boot 19647 mscms : GetStandardColorSpaceProfileW ( ) profile id handling incorrect ( LCS_sRGB and LCS_WINDOWS_COLOR_SPACE ) 19697 NTE Quick Cross 14.0 fails to display icons due to " invalid floating point exception " 19783 Visual C++ 2005 Express : building Firefox : mt.exe crashes while linking mkdepend 19808 Golden Tiger Casino seems to lock up when init 19809 all cygwin apps crash on exit if run outside wineconsole 19810 Visual C 2008 redistributable installers fail to start 19890 Trine crashes game if joystick connected .
19916 Steam client color scheme appears as green / red instead of gray / brown 19919 art2 kmin needs oledb32.dll.DllRegisterServer 19964 Implement CertGetNameString ( CERT_NAME_ATTR_TYPE
) 19966 Inplement HalGetBusDataByOffset to do the same as HalGetBusData 19988 NTE Quick Cross 14.0 displays " bitmap image is not valid " message box when opening certain windows 20008 joystick 's POV does n't work when using evdev 20011 Oracle IRM Desktop application fails with " error code : 80040325 " message box 20027 Registax 5 fails 20040
After sending EM_SETREADONLY to change edit controls the screen does not get updated 20049 Path Problems with SaveDialog 20070
Wine applications can't set an gamma value 20072 Incorrectly written in Notepad in italian 20106 Grim Fandago Launcher : Invalid floating point operation error 20134 Latest wine crashes WoW update downloader
----------------------------------------------------------------
Changes since 1.1.29 : Akihiro Sagawa ( 5 ) : documentation : Update Japanese translation .
xcopy : Add Japanese translation .
kernel32 : Add Japanese system error messages .
start : Add Japanese translation .
user32 : Update Japanese resource .
Alexander Scott - Johns ( 3 ) : user32/tests :
Add some clipboard viewer tests .
user32 : When sending the WM_DRAWCLIPBOARD message , pass the clipboard owner in wParam .
user32 : Send a WM_DRAWCLIPBOARD message to the new viewer when SetClipboardViewer is called .
Alexandre Julliard ( 45 ) : user32/tests : Non-US keyboards are allowed on Wine too .
msi : Force overwriting of read - only files when extracting a cabinet , with tests .
include : Fix the RPC_AUTH_KEY_RETRIEVAL_FN
definition .
kernel32 : Use explicit prototypes for function pointers .
user32 : Use explicit prototypes for function pointers .
user32/tests : Use explicit prototypes for function pointers .
comctl32 : Use explicit prototypes for function pointers .
mapi32 : Use explicit prototypes for function pointers .
shell32 : Use explicit prototypes for function pointers .
advapi32/tests : Use explicit prototypes for function pointers .
ntdll : Fix a file descriptor leak .
ntdll :
Make sure that serial ioctl calls fail on non-serial handles .
msvcrt :
Add validity checks on the size of the handle inheritance block .
msvcrt /tests :
Add tests for the handle inheritance block .
actxprxy : Add proxies for activscp.idl .
actxprxy : Add proxies for comcat.idl .
actxprxy : Add proxies for docobj.idl .
actxprxy : Add proxies for hlink.idl .
actxprxy : Add proxies for htiframe.idl .
actxprxy : Add proxies for objsafe.idl .
actxprxy : Add proxies for ocmm.idl .
actxprxy : Add proxies for shobjidl.idl .
actxprxy : Add proxies for urlhist.idl .
ole32 : Do n't register interfaces that belong to actxprxy .
include : Fix an idl string type .
quartz : Add proxies for strmif.idl .
ntdll :
Only create the CPU registry keys on first run .
ntdll : Remap EXCEPTION_EXECUTE_FAULT
only after the internal handlers have been run .
oleaut32 : Properly register the stdole typelibs .
oleaut32 : Use the appropriate PSFactory Buffer guid when registering interfaces .
kernel32 : Cope with an empty resource section in UpdateResource .
kernel32/tests :
Fix a couple of failures in the comm tests .
ntdll : Avoid crashing on an empty resource directory .
pstorec :
Add a typelib resource .
sti : StiCreateInstance does n't need its own implementation .
ntdll : Move creation of the CPU - specific registry keys to wineboot .
ntdll : Silence a noisy FIXME .
winedump : Ordinal functions can be forwards too .
ntdll : Support both 32 - bit and 64 - bit modules in RtlImageDirectoryEntryToData .
ntdll : Add support for ordinal forwards .
shell32 : Do n't try to call a 16 - bit function on non-x86 platforms .
comctl32/tests :
Fix some rebar tests on older comctl32 versions .
comctl32/tests : Use UDM_GET / SETPOS instead of UDM_GET / SETPOS32 for compatibility with old versions .
windowscodecs :
Fix incorrect overflow check caused by test mistake .
user32/tests : Add missing flush_events in ScrollWindow test .
Alistair Leslie - Hughes ( 16 ) : msxml3 : Add IDispatchEx support to IXMLDOMElement .
mshtml : Add support for Reference BSTR when setting styles .
mshtml : Implement IHTMLCurrentStyle_get_borderLeftColor .
mshtml : Implement IHTMLCurrentStyle_get_borderTopColor .
mshtml : Implement IHTMLCurrentStyle_get_borderRightColor .
mshtml : Implement IHTMLCurrentStyle_get_borderBottomColor .
mshtml : Implement IHTMLCurrentStyle_get_paddingTop.
mshtml : Implement IHTMLCurrentStyle_get_padding
Right .
mshtml : Implement IHTMLCurrentStyle_get_paddingBottom .
mshtml : Implement IHTMLCurrentStyle_get_letterSpacing .
mshtml : Implement IHTMLCurrentStyle_get_marginTop.
mshtml : Implement IHTMLCurrentStyle_get_marginBottom .
mshtml : Implement IHTMLCurrentStyle_get_right .
mshtml : Implement IHTMLCurrentStyle_get_bottom .
mshtml : Implement IHTMLCurrentStyle_get_lineHeight .
mshtml : Implement IHTMLCurrentStyle_get_textIndent .
Andrew Eikum ( 2 ) : ole32 : Do n't fail when constants are ' incorrect ' .
mshtml : Reimplement IHTMLElement ::{get , set}Attribute using IDispatchEx .
André Hentschel ( 10 ) : jscript : Update German translation .
oleaut32/tests :
Add a testcase for vartype .
readme.de : Git is not an acronym .
oleaut32 : Test for rolled minutes .
README.de : Convert to utf - 8. oleaut32 : Test for rolled hours and seconds .
winemaker : Update manpage .
winex11 : Add alternative header for xf86 vm .
include : Add ARM endianess .
winegcc : Add ARM support .
Aric Stewart ( 13 ) : msctf : Stub of TF_InvalidAssemblyListCacheIfExist .
msctf : Add stub ITfSourceSingle interface to ThreadMgr. msctf : Define ITfThreadFocusSink .
msctf/test :
Add sink_fire_ok helper and use it to check sink firing .
msctf/tests :
Add handler sink_check_ok for checking fired sinks .
msctf/tests : Correct wine_todo handling in sinks .
msctf/tests : Fix tests for Windows Vista .
msctf/tests :
Add wine_todo processing to sink_check_ok .
wininet : Ensure the ftp connections lstnSocket is set to - 1 after each close .
wininet :
Be sure to set lpwfs -> pasvSocket to - 1 when closing the socket to prevent double closes .
shlwapi : Implement StrChrNW .
advapi32 : Implement LsaLookupSids .
shell32 : Stub ShellHookProc.
Aurimas Fišeras ( 2 ) : jscript : Update Lithuanian translation .
jscript : Update Lithuanian translation .
Austin English ( 7 ) : hal :
Add a stub for HalGetBusDataByOffset .
netapi32 : Add a stub for NetGroupGetInfo. advapi32/ tests : Avoid # if 0 , use if ( 0 ) instead .
Cancel in Italian is Annulla , not Anulla .
clock :
Fix license in Swedish resources .
progman : Fix license in Swedish resources .
wined3d : Recognize DRI R300 drivers as Mesa . Chris Robinson ( 6 ) : openal32 : Add a stub DLL thunk .
openal32 : Fill out thunk functions .
openal32 : Wrap and track OpenAL contexts .
openal32 : Add thunks for EFX functions .
openal32 : Pass invalid contexts to the host OpenAL lib so it can set the proper error state .
openal32 : Downgrade two FIXMEs to WARNs , since they test app - specified parameters .
Damjan Jovanovic ( 2 ) : sti.h : Add sti create function declarations .
sti :
Add sti class factory .
Dan Kegel ( 5 ) : ntdll : Add tests for NtQueryInformation File .
ntdll : Add initial test for NtQueryDirectoryFile ( ) .
ntdll : Fix NtQueryInformation
File test failures on Vista Home Basic .
cmd : Improve ' attrib ' builtin to handle at least setting / clearing single attributes .
cmd : Make ' dir ' hide hidden or system files by default .
Davide Pizzetti ( 3 ) : winecfg : Italian translation update .
start : Italian translation update .
winefile : Italian translation update .
Detlef Riekenberg ( 5 ) : include :
Add a missing semicolon ( splint ) .
libs / port : use gcc compatible asm code as default for __i386__ ( for PCC ) .
twain_32/tests : Avoid a Dialog from a DS when the scanner is not connected .
advapi32 : Do n't use - 1 as dstlen in WideCharToMultiByte.
advapi32 : Do n't use - 1 as dstlen in MultiByteToWideChar .
Dmitry Timoshkov ( 4 ) : riched20 : Make vtables const .
winex11.drv : Handle WM_DELETE_WINDOW
by simulating clicking the caption Close button .
user32 : Send the same lParam with WM_SYSCOMMAND / SC_CLOSE as was received with WM_NCLBUTTONDOWN .
ntdll : RtlpNtQueryValueKey takes 5 parameters .
Dylan Smith ( 1 ) : richedit : Silence fixme for WM_STYLECHANGING & WM_STYLECHANGED .
Eric Pouech ( 7 ) : ntdll : In SYSTEM_BASIC_INFORMATION , the active processors field refers to the affinity mask .
kernel32 : Store the process features flag in the KUSER_SHARED_DATA structure .
ntdll : Reuse kernel32's cpu info to implement NtQuerySystemInformation ( SystemProcessInformation ) .
ntdll : Implement basic support for processor power information .
ntdll : Moved CPU related registry key creation from kernel 32 to ntdll .
kernel32 : Rewrite GetSystemInfo( ) purely on ntdll calls .
winhelp : Added support for hotspot links in graphical objects .
Erich Hoover ( 1 ) : winealsa.drv : Fix DSOUND_BufPtrDiff in Kane 's Wrath with new audio pathway .
Francois Gouget ( 5 ) : uninstaller : Perform a case - insensitive search for the application to uninstall .
jscript :
Add a trailing '
' to a FIXME ( ) .
msctf/tests : Make _sink_check_ok ( ) static .
msctf : Reorder a couple of functions to avoid forward declarations .
msctf : Make ThreadFocusHookProc ( ) static .
Frédéric Delanoy ( 3 ) : jscript : Update French translation .
documentation : Keep README .fr in sync ; fixes .
jscript : Update French translation .
Ge van Geldorp ( 12 ) : user32/tests : Skip test on non-US keyboard .
ws2_32/tests : Add acceptable error codes for Win7 .
gdiplus/tests : Fix tests on Win7 .
winhttp/tests : Fix tests on Win7 .
shlwapi/tests : Fix tests on Win7 . shdocvw / tests : Fix test on Win7 .
urlmon / tests : Fix tests for IE8 .
kernel32/tests : Fix actctx tests on Vista +.
crypt32/tests : Fix cert test on Win7 .
mshtml/tests : Fix htmldoc test on Windows Server and Win7 .
mshtml/tests :
Fix copyright notice .
rpcrt4/tests : Fix cstub test on Win7 .
Gerald Pfeifer ( 6 ) : imm32/tests : Simplify code .
winedos : Clarify three logical expressions .
winedos : Make an expression in DOSVM_Int10 Handler ( ) more clear .
wrc :
Fix eight conditions in compare_menuex_item .
oleview : Simplify ENUM_FLAGS in CreateInterfaceInfo. netapi32 : Remove two conditions which always hold true .
Hans Leidekker ( 19 ) : usp10 : Make tests pass on Win7 .
Conform to the more recent behavior .
winhttp : Make tests pass on Win7 .
Conform to the more recent behavior .
shell32 : Reject NULL path in IShellLink_SetPath .
msi :
Add a test to show that creating shortcuts works regardless of COM initialization state .
msi :
Open the database read / write when the update count is greater than zero in MsiGetSummary Information .
msi : Ignore CoInitialize failure in ACTION_CreateShortcuts .
msi : Set ProductState property .
msi : Improve a trace .
msi : Downgrade two ERRs to WARNs .
msi : GetDriveType and GetVolumeInformation require a path terminated by a slash .
msi : Do n't append the cabinet file name in find_published_source .
msi :
Set or override a user environment string when there is no prefix .
rpcrt4 : Add stub implementations of NdrMesTypeDecode2 and NdrMesTypeFree2 . msi :
Test last used source property in combination with cabinet storage .
msi :
Add tests to show that the condition table is ignored when there are overrides .
crypt32 : CertGetCertificateChain does not validate the size of the CERT_CHAIN_PARA structure .
wininet :
Try harder to find a unique cache file name .
wininet : Consistently set last error before testing it .
wininet :
Add some URL cache tests and make them pass .
Henri Verbeet ( 100 ) : d3d10 : Add the ID3D10 EffectRasterizerVariable interface .
d3d10 : Add the ID3D10 EffectSamplerVariable interface . d3d10 : Implement IsValid( ) for a few interfaces .
wined3d : Fix shader_arb_load_constantsF ( ) .
wined3d : Check the correct debug channel in shader_arb_load_constants F ( ) .
wined3d : Fix some function pointers and typedefs .
d3d10 : Parse an effect type 's basetype and class .
d3d10 : Add initial support for parsing structures .
d3d10 : Implement ID3D10EffectVariable :: GetType( ) .
d3d10 : Implement ID3D10EffectType::GetDesc( ) . d3d10 : Use debugstr_a( ) / debugstr_an( ) to trace external strings .
widl : Generate proper prototypes for function declarations without arguments .
d3d10 : Add a debug function for D3D10 _SHADER_VARIABLE_CLASS.
d3d10 : Add a debug function for D3D10 _SHADER_VARIABLE_TYPE. d3d10core : Use debugstr_a( ) / debugstr_an( ) to trace external strings .
d3d10 : Implement ID3D10EffectVariable :: AsScalar( ) .
d3d10 : Implement ID3D10EffectVariable :: AsVector ( ) .
d3d10 : Implement ID3D10EffectVariable :: AsMatrix ( ) .
d3d10 : Use the shader variable class / type debug functions in parse_fx10_type ( ) .
d3d10 : Move effect variable vtable initialization to parse_fx10_variable_head ( ) .
wined3d : Remove unused parameters to drawPrimitive ( ) .
d3d10core : Add an initial implementation of ID3D10 Device : : IASetIndexBuffer ( ) .
d3d10core : Implement ID3D10 Device :: DrawIndexed ( ) .
dxgi : Add a separate function for dxgi_adapter initialization .
dxgi : Implement IDXGIAdapter :: EnumOutputs ( ) .
d3d10core : Add a separate function for d3d10 _texture2d initialization .
d3d9 : Add a separate function for surface initialization .
d3d8 : Add a separate function for surface initialization .
wined3d : Make some variables static .
wined3d : Mark internal symbols hidden .
wined3d : Do n't free D3D surfaces until the wined3d surface is destroyed .
wined3d : Add a separate function for volume initialization .
d3d9 : Add a separate function for volume initialization .
d3d8 : Add a separate function for volume initialization .
wined3d : Do n't free D3D volumes until the wined3d volume is destroyed .
d3d9 : Mark internal symbols hidden .
wined3d : Move vtable initialization to the texture init functions .
d3d9 : Add a separate function for volume texture initialization .
d3d8 : Add a separate function for volume texture initialization .
wined3d : Do n't free D3D volume textures until the wined3d volume texture is destroyed .
wined3d : Get rid of a redundant strcpy ( ) .
d3d8 : Mark internal symbols hidden .
d3d9 : Add a separate function for cube texture initialization .
d3d8 : Add a separate function for cube texture initialization .
wined3d : Do n't free D3D cube textures until the wined3d cube texture is destroyed .
wined3d : Get rid of some redundant checks for ORM_FBO .
wined3d : Get rid of the unused DeviceType parameter to select_shader_mode ( ) .
ddraw : Mark internal symbols hidden .
d3d9 : Add a separate function for texture initialization .
d3d8 : Add a separate function for texture initialization .
wined3d : Do n't free D3D textures until the wined3d texture is destroyed .
wined3d : Add a separate function for buffer initialization .
d3d10core : Add a separate function for d3d10 _buffer initialization .
d3d9 : Add a separate function for index buffer initialization .
d3d9 : Add a separate function for vertex buffer initialization .
d3d8 : Add a separate function for index buffer initialization .
d3d8 : Add a separate function for vertex buffer initialization .
wined3d : Do n't free D3D buffers until the wined3d buffer is destroyed .
wined3d : Move " parent_ops " to IWineD3DResourceClass .
d3d10 : Mark internal symbols hidden .
winedos : Avoid comparing BOOLs against TRUE .
wined3d : Revert 4ba16b84a9e60ffcc98fc4b4c303c975589b59e2 . wined3d : Cleanup vertex declaration initialization .
d3d9 : Limit " NumSimultaneousRTs " to 4 . d3d9 : Properly destroy vertex declarations .
d3d10core : Mark internal symbols hidden .
d3d10core : Add a separate function for d3d10 _input_layout initialization .
d3d9 : Add a separate function for vertex declaration initialization .
d3d8 : Add a separate function for vertex declaration initialization .
d3d8 : Add a separate function for vertex declaration initialization from an FVF .
wined3d : Do n't free D3D vertex declarations until the wined3d vertex declaration is destroyed .
dxgi : Mark internal symbols hidden .
wined3d : Detect ARB_framebuffer_object .
wined3d : Add support for ARB_framebuffer_object .
wined3d : Do n't create a depthstencil renderbuffer if ARB_framebuffer_object is supported .
wined3d : Fix a typo .
wined3d : Add support for ARB_provoking_vertex .
wined3d : Cleanup after wglMakeCurrent ( ) failures in context_set_current ( ) .
wined3d : Remove unused IWineD3DVertexShaderImpl fields .
wined3d : Add a separate function for vertex shader initialization .
d3d10core : Add a separate function for d3d10 _vertex_shader initialization .
d3d9 : Add a separate function for vertex shader initialization .
d3d8 : Add a separate function for vertex shader initialization .
wined3d : Do n't free D3D vertex shaders until the wined3d vertex shader is destroyed .
wined3d : Add a separate function for pixel shader initialization .
d3d10core : Add a separate function for d3d10 _pixel_shader initialization .
d3d9 : Add a separate function for pixel shader initialization .
d3d8 : Add a separate function for pixel shader initialization .
wined3d : Do n't free D3D pixel shaders until the wined3d pixel shader is destroyed .
d3d8 : Set the vertex declaration 's shader handle in vertexdeclaration_init ( ) .
wined3d : Move some common shader functions to the IWineD3DBaseShader interface .
wined3d : Remove SetFunction ( ) from the public shader interface .
wined3d : Move common shader fields to IWineD3DBaseShaderClass .
wined3d : Rename IWineD3DDevice:: SetIndices ( ) to IWine D3DDevice :: SetIndexBuffer ( ) .
wined3d : Rename IWineD3DDevice:: GetIndices ( ) to IWine D3DDevice :: GetIndexBuffer ( ) .
d3d8 : It 's not an error to have a NULL texture bound to a stage .
wined3d : Add a state handler for WINED3DRS_SOFTWAREVERTEXPROCESSING .
wined3d : Use the DXGI naming convention for all formats .
wined3d : Release the stateblock before destroying the GL context .
ddraw :
The ddraw surface is now always the wined3d surface 's parent .
Huw Davies ( 24 ) : include : Add IClientSecurity constants .
ole32 : The server principal name can be the constant COLE_DEFAULT_PRINCIPAL .
oledb32 : Add registration routines .
oledb32 : Add stub DllCanUnloadNow .
oledb32 : Add a stub IDCI nfo interface .
include : Add oledberr.h. oledb32 : Implement the IDCInfo interface .
oledb32/tests :
Add some tests for IDCInfo.
include : Add DBTYPEENUM .
include :
Add a few more error codes .
include : Add DBSTATUSENUM .
winetest :
Add the ability to retrieve the dll path for com dlls from the registry .
oledb32/tests : Add CanConvert tests .
oledb32/tests : Skip tests on older versions of the conversion library .
oledb32/tests : Skip tests on older versions of the conversion library .
oledb32/tests : Add CanConvert tests for DBTYPE_BYREF , DBTYPE_ARRAY and DBTYPE_VECTOR .
oledb32 : Implement CanConvert .
oledb32/tests :
Add tests for conversions to DBTYPE_I4 .
ntdll : Fix build on MacOSX .
oledb32 : Implement some conversions to DBTYPE_I4 .
oledb32 : Implement DBTYPE_STR and DBTYPE_WSTR src types .
oledb32 : Add conversions to DBTYPE_I2 .
oledb32 : Implement conversions to DBTYPE_BSTR .
oledb32 : Implement conversions to DBTYPE_WSTR .
Ilya Shpigor ( 1 ) : gdi32/tests :
Add test for SelectClipRgn in metafile .
Ismael Barros ( 1 ) : dpwsockx : Implementation of SPInit. Jacek Caban ( 105 ) : jscript : Fixed typeof implementation for null VT_DISPATCH .
jscript : Added ' in ' expression implementation .
mshtml : Move builtin function info lookup to separated function .
mshtml : Added IDispatchEx:: GetNextDispID implementation .
mshtml : Added GetMemberName implementation .
mshtml : Added GetNextDispID and GetMemberName tests .
mshtml.idl : Added missing hidden attributes .
mshtml : Move event handlers invocation to separated function .
mshtml : Always create event object in fire_event .
mshtml : Added IHTMLEvent
Obj:: get_type implementation .
mshtml : Added IHTMLEventObj::get_altKey implementation .
mshtml : Added IHTMLEventObj::get_ctrKey implementation .
mshtml : Addded IHTMLEventObj::get_shiftKey implementation .
mshtml : Added IHTMLEventObj::get_keyCode implementation .
mshtml : Added IHTMLEventObj::get_button implementation .
mshtml : Added IHTMLEventObj::get_client [ XY ] implementation .
mshtml : Added IHTMLEventObj::get_screen [XY ] implementation .
mshtml : Improve IHTMLEvent
Obj getter stubs .
mshtml : Added IHTMLDocument2::onclick property implementation .
mshtml : Store event handlers in vector structure .
mshtml : Added IHTMLElement2::attachEvent implementation .
mshtml : Added HTML events test .
mshtml :
Make empty string is a valid overflow style .
mshtml : Improve debug messages for timer invocation .
mshtml : Added JSProtocol class factory stub implementation .
mshtml : Added JSProtocolInfo:: ParseUrl implementation .
mshtml : Added JScriptProtocolInfo:: QueryInfo implementation .
mshtml : Added javascript protocol tests .
mshtml : Store body event target in window object .
mshtml : Added IHTMLWindow2::onbeforeunload property implementation .
mshtml : Added IHTMLWindow2 ::onload property .
mshtml : Added IHTMLWindow3::attachEvent implementation .
mshtml : Added support for document events in fire_event .
mshtml : Fire beforeunload event on body element .
mshtml : Added IHTMLElement :: dblclick property implementation .
mshtml : Moved script host objects to HTMLWindow .
mshtml : Added support for quering global variables from window object .
mshtml : Added window global properties test .
mshtml : Use ActiveScript for JavaScript in about protocol documents .
mshtml : Fixed tests .
jscript : Added Array.splice implementation .
jscript : Fixed null dispatch comparison .
jscript : Fixed to_primitive for null dispatch .
mshtml : Report download failure to necko .
mshtml : Added semi-stub IHTMLElement2::onreadystatechange implmementation .
mshtml : Added IHTMLInputElement : : src property implementation .
mshtml : Moved option_factory to HTMLWindow object .
mshtml : Moved HTMLLocation object to HTMLWindow .
mshtml : Make COM inproc object and document node separated objects inheriting from HTMLDocument .
mshtml : Use stored HTMLWindow in get_selection implementation .
mshtml : Moved event_vector to HTMLWindow .
mshtml : Do n't create window in create_doc_from_nsdoc.
mshtml : Create HTMLDocumentNode for each HTMLDocumentObj. mshtml : Store document node in window .
mshtml : Store reference to document node in window object .
mshtml : Use stored nswindow in IHTMLTxtRange :: select .
mshtml : Moved NSContainer to HTMLDocumentObj. mshtml : Moved selection_list to HTMLDocumentNode object .
mshtml : Move client site ifaces to HTMLDocumentObj. mshtml : Moved undomgr to HTMLDocumentObj. mshtml : Moved hwnd and tooltip_hwnd to HTMLDocumentObj. mshtml : Moved hostinfo to HTMLDocumentObj. mshtml : Moved state flags to HTMLDocumentObj. mshtml : Moved range_list to HTMLDocumentNode object .
mshtml : Moved binding variables to HTMLDocumentObj. mshtml : Moved usermode to HTMLDocumentObj. mshtml : Move readystate to HTMLDocumentObj. mshtml : Move mime to HTMLDocumentObj. mshtml : Move update flags to HTMLDocumentObj. mshtml : Move node list to HTMLDocumentNode .
mshtml : Inherit HTMLDocumentNode from HTMLDOMNode .
mshmtl : Moved ICustomDoc implementation to HTMLDocumentObj. mshtml : Get rid of htmldoc_vtbl_t .
mshtml : Use node 's IDispatchEx implementation in HTMLDocumentNode .
mshtml : Use node event_target for HTMLDocument .
jscript : Added Function .
toString implementation for builtin functions .
jscript : Fixed debugstr_variant for NULL argument .
jscript : Added Object function invocation implementation .
jscript : Fixed NULL IDispatch comparistion .
mshtml : Added IHTMLDOMNode2::get_ownerDocument implementation .
mshtml : Added IHTMLDOMNode2::get_ownerDocument tests .
jscript : Added Array . shift implementation .
jscript : Added arguments .
callee implementation .
jscript : Added RegExp function call implementation .
jscript :
Do n't require semicolon after function expression .
jscript :
Use script global LCID in * disp_call * functions .
jscript : Use script LCID in * disp_propget * functions .
jscript : Use script LCID in * disp_propput * functions .
jscript :
Get rid of lcid argument in builtin function implementations .
jscript : Pass script_ctx_t to builtin functions .
jscript : Avoid calling JS builtin functions directly .
jscript : Avoid calling JS builtin functions directly .
jscript : Do n't use dispex - > ctx in array .c. jscript : Do n't use dispex - > ctx in date .c. jscript : Do n't use dispex - > ctx in function .c. jscript : Avoid using dispex -> ctx .
jscript : Allow ' this ' to be host object in builtin functions .
jscript : Allow this_obj to be host object in call_function .
jscript : Added Object .toString for host objects implementation .
jscript : Allow ' this ' to be host object in invoke_value_proc .
jscript :
Throw correct error in get_length .
jscript : Fixed to_object for NULL IDispatch .
jscript :
Throw type error fot Array .
toString with wrong ' this ' call .
jscript : Added Object.toString implementation for variable object .
jscript :
Throw type error from call and apply functions .
Jaime Rave ( 1 ) : wined3d : Fix vendor detection when using an Intel X4500HD .
James Helferty ( 1 ) : d3d9 : Fix some typos in visual test .
Jeff Zaroyko ( 1 ) : readme :
Git is not an acronym .
Juan Lang ( 12 ) : winhttp : Add a fixme for WINHTTP_OPTION_SECURITY_FLAGS .
crypt32 : Correct searching the alternate name in CertGetNameStringW if the main name does n't contain an appropriate OID .
crypt32 : Return an empty string from CertGetNameStringW if a name could n't be found .
crypt32 : Use a helper function to simplify CertGetNameStringW. crypt32 : Further simplify CertGetNameStringW.
crypt32 : Implement CertGetNameStringW for CERT_NAME_ATTR_TYPE.
crypt32 : Implement CertGetNameStringW for CERT_NAME_RDN_TYPE.
crypt32 : Implement CertGetNameStringW for CERT_NAME_EMAIL_TYPE.
crypt32 : Implement CertGetNameStringW for CERT_NAME_DNS_TYPE.
crypt32 : Implement CertGetNameStringW for CERT_NAME_URL_TYPE.
crypt32 : Fix potential buffer overruns in CertGetNameStringW.
crypt32 : Implement retrieving the encoded signer of a decoded signed message .
Jörg Höhle ( 6 ) : ddraw : Complete recognition of pixelformat 19 : X8L8V8U8 .
wineoss : Enforce invariant about BlockAlign and nAvgBytesPerSec. winecoreaudio :
Make supported format test more restrictive .
winecoreaudio : Enforce invariant about BlockAlign and nAvgBytesPerSec. winecoreaudio : Added WAVEFORMATEXTENSIBLE
support , for PCM only .
mciwave : Require at least 16 bytes in the WAVE fmt file header .
Ken Thomases ( 1 ) : openal32 : Add support for Mac OS X's OpenAL. framework .
Marcus Meissner ( 7 ) : wineoss.drv : Avoid mixer fd leak .
oleview : Fixed bad error check .
wineoss.drv : 2 more close ( mixer ) added .
gdiplus : do not memcpy over NULL ptrs ( Coverity ) .
jscript : Initialize this_obj with NULL ( Coverity ) .
mshmtl : Check nsrange before calling -> Release ( coverity ) .
jscript : Check for arg_array being NULL ( Coverity ) .
Markus Stockhausen ( 1 ) : gdi32 : Check for NULL pointer in GdiAlphaBlend .
Michael Karcher ( 1 ) : ntdll : Fix DEP status initialization .
Michael Stefaniuc ( 5 ) : windowscodecs : Use FAILED instead of !
SUCCEEDED .
setupapi : Use FAILED instead of !
SUCCEEDED .
shell32 : Use FAILED instead of !
SUCCEEDED .
mapi32 : Do n't leak memory on an error path ( Smatch ) .
kernel32 : Add missing stdarg.h include .
Mike Kaplinskiy ( 4 ) : ntdll : Remember to set the iosb status if using a worker thread for serial wait .
ws2_32 : Remember to convert ports to network byte order .
ws2_32 : Try accepting a connection before blocking .
ws2_32/tests : Test WSAAccept with CF_DEFER .
Nikolay Sivov ( 40 ) : comctl32/ trackbar : Default to TBTS_TOP position on creation .
comctl32/ trackbar : TBM_SETTIC processing should n't be affected by TBS_AUTOTICKS style .
comctl32/ trackbar : Drop initial parent creation tests , they are nothing to do with control testing .
comctl32/ listview : Implement LVS_EX_TRANSPARENTBKGND
style .
comctl32/header : Implement HDF_FIXEDWIDTH
format flag .
comctl32/listview : Handle LVCFMT_FIXED_WIDTH
flag .
comctl32/header : Implement HDS_NOSIZING
style with tests .
comctl32/ listview : Add partial support for cxMin width field .
comctl32/ monthcal : Cache window GWL_STYLE .
comctl32 / monthcal : Draw selected day as v6 does .
Get rid of ugly selection curve .
comctl32/ header : Add XP SP3 workaround for Header tests .
Fix window handle leak .
comctl32/dpa : Split tests to several functions to avoid undesired dependencies .
include :
Move some documented DPA definitions to public header , use PSDK names .
comctl32/dpa : Some DPA_Merge tests .
comctl32/dpa : Fix DPA_Merge ( ) for DPAM_INTERSECT option .
include :
Move some definitions to public header , use PSDK names .
comctl32/dpa : Separate tests for parameter validation in DPA_LoadStream ( ) .
comctl32/dpa : Fix parameter validation in DPA_LoadStream ( ) .
comctl32/dpa : Implement DPA_SaveStream ( ) with tests .
comctl32/dpa : Implement DPA_GetSize ( ) .
comctl32/dpa : Fix DPA_Merge ( ) test failures on old 4.7 x comctl32 .
comctl32/dpa : Check for DPA_LoadStream ( ) presence .
Merge original test function with save tests .
comctl32 / trackbar : Protect from negative tic count in recalculation helper .
comctl32 / updown : Skip thousands separation on hex mode .
user32/edit : Invalidate if style changed after EM_SETREADONLY .
comctl32/ updown :
Make tests independent , drop unrelated tests .
comctl32 / updown :
Show that UDS_SETBUDDYINT switching does n't affect behaviour for already created control .
comctl32 / updown : Fix control behaviour for UDS_SETBUDDYINT style .
comctl32/ updown : Additional test for display base .
comctl32 / updown : Update buddy on base change .
comctl32/ listview : Skip LVS_EX_CHECKBOXES
tests when this style is unsupported .
comctl32 / listview : Skip some header tests on version 4.0 module .
comctl32/ listview : Skip icon spacing tests when unsupported .
comctl32 / monthcal : Move helper parameter cast to winproc , remove dead parameter check code .
comctl32 / monthcal : Use a style we 're caching already .
comct32 / monthcal : Invalidate background too on MCM_SETCOLOR with MCSC_BACKGROUND .
comctl32/ monthcal : Do n't redraw after MCM_SETCURSEL if selection does n't change .
comctl32 / monthcal : Name MCM_SETMAXSELCOUNT
parameter .
comctl32/ monthcal : Do n't redraw if date did n't change on MCM_SETTODAY .
comctl32/ monthcal : Some cleanup to avoid cast in helpers .
Owen Rudge ( 11 ) : shlwapi : Implement IUnknown_UIActivateIO.
shlwapi : Implement stub for SHCreatePropertyBagOnRegKey .
shlwapi : Implement stub for SHGetViewStatePropertyBag. shlwapi : Implement stubs for SHFormatDateTimeA / W. shlwapi : Implement stub for ZoneCheckUrlExW .
shlwapi : Implement stub for UrlFixupW. mapi32 : Scan registry for MAPI providers and load them .
mapi32 : Load and store MAPI function pointers after loading MAPI providers .
mapi32 : Implement MAPIInitialize , Logon , Logoff , LogonEx , Uninitialize .
mapi32 : Pass through MAPISendMail if Simple MAPI provider loaded .
mapi32 : Implement the rest of the Simple MAPI functions .
Paul Vriens ( 18 ) : jscript : Updated Dutch translations .
shell32/tests : Fix a crash on Win9x .
mscms/tests :
Fix some test failures on Win98 and WinME. mshtml/tests :
Fix some test failures on Win98 and WinME .
mshtml/tests :
Fix test failures on Win9x / WinME .
imm32/tests : Fix test failures on Vista / W2K8 .
shell32/tests : Fix a test failure on Win95 / NT4 .
wininet / tests :
Fix a test failure on IE8 .
ntdll / tests :
Fix some test failures on several platforms .
wininet / tests : Run tests again on systems with IE5 .
comdlg32/tests : Fix a test failure on Vista / W2K .
comdlg32 : Return the correct path length for CDM_GETFOLDERPATH .
comdlg32/tests :
Test the correct path length for CDM_GETFOLDERPATH .
winetest :
Fix winetest to cope with com dlls .
cryptui : Fix a typo .
msi/tests : Skip some tests on Win9x / WinMe. msi/tests :
Fix some test failures on Vista / W2K8 .
crypt32/tests :
Fix a test failure on Vista and higher .
Peter Dons Tychsen ( 1 ) : mshtml :
Fix crash because of usage of pointer before cheking if it is NULL .
Piotr Caban ( 1 ) : jscript : Fix ' object expected ' error number .
Reece Dunn ( 1 ) : jscript / tests :
Fixed typos in the output strings .
Rein Klazes ( 1 ) : user32 : In ScrollWindowEx do not clip the clipping rectangle with the scrolling rectangle .
Rico Schüller ( 17 ) : d3d10 : Add initial type parsing code .
d3d10 : Reorder some functions .
d3d10 : Implement annotation parsing .
d3d10 : Implement ID3D10EffectTechnique:: GetAnnotationByIndex ( ) . d3d10 : Implement ID3D10EffectPass:: GetAnnotationByIndex ( ) . d3d10 : Implement ID3D10EffectVariable:: GetAnnotationByIndex ( ) . d3d10 : Implement ID3D10EffectConstantBuffer::GetAnnotationByIndex ( ) . d3d10 : Implement ID3D10EffectTechnique:: GetAnnotationByName ( ) .
d3d10 : Implement ID3D10EffectPass:: GetAnnotationByName ( ) .
d3d10 : Implement ID3D10EffectVariable:: GetAnnotationByName ( ) .
d3d10 : Implement ID3D10EffectConstantBuffer:: GetAnnotationByName ( ) .
d3d10 : Add variable semantic parsing .
d3d10 : Implement ID3D10EffectVariable :: GetDesc( ) .
wined3d : Fix shader spam .
wined3d : Do n't call wglMakeCurrent ( NULL , NULL ) in context_set_current ( ) if the current context is NULL .
gdi32 : Check the current context in wglMakeCurrent ( ) .
opengl32/tests : Improve test for wglMakeCurrent .
Ričardas Barkauskas ( 1 ) : d3dx9_42 : Implement d3dx9_42 and forward the functions to d3dx9_36 .
Roderick Colenbrander ( 7 ) : winex11 : Always adjust the color_shifts pointer when SelectBitmap is called .
winex11 : Use ColorShifts in get_xrender_format_from_pdevice .
winex11 : Add helper function for calculating ColorShifts .
winex11 : Add helper function get_xrender_format_from_color_shifts .
winex11 : Add helper function for copying brushes .
winex11 : Fix a null pointer bug in ToLogical in case of 8 - bit .
Move the code to the place where the shifts are needed .
winex11 : Do n't use ColorShifts for non-TrueColor bitmaps .
Stefan Dösinger ( 8 ) : wined3d : Only generate the clipplane emulation KIL if a clipplane is used .
wined3d : Silence a compiler warning .
wined3d : Test and fix ddraw and d3d9 GetDC differences .
wined3d : Track GL texture states in a separate structure .
wined3d : Use the correct enum .
wined3d : Create a separate function for deleting GL textures .
wined3d : Do n't mark SFLAG_INTEXTURE up to date with fbo stretchrect .
wined3d : Fix sRGB ->RGB copy condition .
Stefan Ginsberg ( 1 ) : msctf : Define function calling convention compatibly for MSVC .
Vincent Povirk ( 27 ) : gdiplus :
Test for the lowest rejected startup version .
gdiplus : Fix a copy outside allocated memory in GdipCreateTextureIA.
gdiplus : Use WIC to decode BMP files .
gdiplus : Use WIC to decode PNG files .
gdiplus : Disable alpha channel support for BMP images .
gdiplus : Remove unused bitmap flipping code .
windowscodecs : Fix the bmpformat test on Windows 7 . gdiplus : Implement GdipDrawImagePointRect . gdiplus : Stub GdipResetLineTransform .
gdiplus : Stub GdipScaleLineTransform .
gdiplus :
Do n't use the supplied rect to calculate font scaling factors .
gdiplus :
Do n't calculate the number of points in the arc by dividing .
gdiplus : Do n't accept MS Sans Serif as the generic sans serif font .
oleaut32 : Implement ITypeLibComp:: BindType. gdiplus : Implement GdipGetImageRawFormat. gdiplus : Stub GdipGetLinePresetBlend[ Count ] .
gdiplus :
Store preset blends in linear gradient brushes .
gdiplus :
Add tests for linear gradient preset blends .
gdiplus :
Use the preset blend when drawing linear gradients .
oleaut32 : Add test for HREFTYPE 's from inherited methods .
oleaut32 : Use DISPATCH_HREF_MASK
even for non-dual dispatch types .
gdiplus/tests : Reject gdiplus versions greater than 2. gdiplus : Accept version 2 in GdiplusStartup .
winex11 : Re-add the optimization for blending 1x1 pixel bitmaps .
gdiplus : Add tests for GdipBitmap( Get|Set ) Pixel . gdiplus : Implement GdipBitmapGetPixel .
gdiplus : Implement GdipBitmapSetPixel .
Vitaliy Margolen ( 3 ) : dinput :
Move axes and buttons queries into initial joystick discovery for joydev driver .
dinput : Convert axis mapping array to int instead of BYTE .
BYTE is unsigned and char is n't enough to store all possible axis values .
dinput : Fix POV for programs that use buffered events .
Vitaly Perov ( 2 ) : comdlg32 : Fix some Russian resources .
shell32 : Enlarge static to display multiline text correctly .
Vladimir Pankratov ( 3 ) : jscript : Add Russian translation .
readme : Keep README .ru in sync. jscript : Update Russian translation .
Wilfried Pasquazzo ( 2 ) : user32 : Correct scaling of DrawIcon .
user32/tests :
Test for correct scaling of DrawIcon . -- Alexandre Julliard julliard@winehq.org
If you ’ve been following the blogosphere for a while , you know that there was a huge problem with comment spam around 2003 or so .
The problem arose because most blogs and online guestbooks allow you to supply a link to your own blog when you add a comment .
Spammers realized that they could use automated robots to add comments and therefore links to the sites they were being paid to promote .
For a while the comment areas of certain blogs were almost unusable , and many bloggers were overwhelmed with the number of comments they had to delete .
Exacerbating this problem was the fact that it did n’t matter if any person actually followed these spam links , it only mattered if the search engines found them .
This is because search engines determine the relative importance of web sites by counting how many other sites link to them .
Naturally it was the folks at Google ( and Blogger ) who responded to this problem by proposing a slight change to the way links are handled .
Understanding how that works requires a little background .
REL attributes and the Semantic Web
HTML has long had an optional attribute on the < LINK > and < A > tags named REL .
This attribute allows the author of the page to specify the RELationship between the current page and the target of the link .
For example , you can specify that the link is to the next page in a multi-page document , which would look like this in the header of an HTML document :
< link rel= " next " href= " chapter2.html " >
Using REL is a baby step toward something called the semantic web .
The intent of the semantic web is that instead of just a large collection of documents , the web will actually contain more structured content that understands its own inter-relationships .
Progress on this concept has been slow , in part because the current web standards are so successful as is .
Another reason is companies like Google have been very clever in building semi-semantic tools on top of the existing non-semantic web .
The REL=NOFOLLOW Attribute
What Google proposed , and everyone quickly adopted , was that everyone start using a REL attribute containing the word “ NOFOLLOW ” to mark hyperlinks that may have come from untrusted sources .
Any link so marked would be ignored by a search engine in determining page rank or other relevance scores .
This did take the wind out of the spammers ’ sails for a bit , but unfortunately comment spam has not completely abated .
This has actually led to a backlash in the blog community against using NOFOLLOW for spam fighting purposes , which we will discuss later .
So what we are talking about here is very simple .
Here ’s what a normal hyperlink to another website looks like in HTML :
< a href = " http://whatstheharm.net " >
What 's The Harm ?</a>
Here is what a “ nofollow ” version of the same hyperlink looks like :
< a rel= " nofollow " href = " http://whatstheharm.net " >
What 's The Harm ?</a>
As you can see it is very simple indeed , and even someone who edits their own HTML by hand can use this feature without much effort at all .
All good blog software now mark comment hyperlinks with “ NOFOLLOW ” automatically by default .
Some blogs allow you to configure this behavior for various purposes , such as letting trusted friends post links that are not marked this way .
More on this later .
What does this have to do with skepticism ?
As Louis Brandeis famously said , “ sunlight is the best disinfectant ” .
Linking directly to misinformation on the web and explaining why it is wrong is like skeptical sunlight .
But because Google and the other search engines use hyperlinks to determine the importance of web pages , many skeptics are fearful of doing so because they are helping boost the visibility of misinformation on the web .
( Granted each hyperlink is a tiny part of this , but every little bit helps ) .
I have seen some skeptics try to deal with this problem by using URL shortening services such as TinyURL to indirectly link to the site they are debunking .
I hate to be the one to break it to you , but this does not work !
Google still follows these redirects and still includes them in page rank calculations .
I think the correct way to proceed is to continue providing skeptical sunlight through direct linking .
For one thing this demonstrates that we are not afraid of those who we oppose .
In general they do n’t link back to us , and that demonstrates something to casual readers who take note of it .
It also potentially allows automated tools to discover the relationships between skeptical writing and the misinformation we are writing about ( i.e. the semantic web can notice skepticism specifically ) .
But while we are doing this we must be constantly vigilant of the page rank issue .
Page ranking in Google is vitally important to those who are pushing misinformation on the web .
It is how they attract new customers to their vile schemes , whether they be psychics or astrologers or homeopaths or something else .
Even if we as skeptics are providing only a miniscule fraction of a misinformation peddler ’s page rank , that fraction is too much .
How big is this problem ?
I ’ve been taken to task occasionally for not providing evidence of what I ’m talking about .
I will point out that when I mentioned this issue in my Skepticality podcast interview last week the hosts , who are long - time skeptics , were completely unaware of the issue .
But just to follow up a bit , I did some searching .
I picked a misinformation site that everyone is familiar with : The Discovery Institute .
( Yes , believe me that link is REL=NOFOLLOW .
Better yet , do n’t believe me .
Click View Source and verify for yourself . )
I set out to find out who in the skeptical community links to that page .
I used the advanced search “ LINK : ” keyword in Google , which is somewhat tedious because it does not play well with others .
I.e. if you specify “ link:www.discovery.org” in your search , you ca n’t use any other keywords to narrow it down .
In any case , just in the first 100 results from Google I found the following articles that are trying to have a skeptical or scientific viewpoint , but which link to that horrible site without specifying nofollow :
One of those links is on Richard Dawkins ’ web site .
Now some of the above are on news sites and other places where minute control over linking is often not feasible , or is controlled by an editor .
However , I also found the following skeptical or science blogs that link to Discovery Institute in their blogroll , so therefore every single page on their site is giving discovery.org a little tiny boost in Google :
And yes , I am trying to embarrass you .
You are not helping the skeptical cause , folks .
So , out of the top 100 links to discovery.org according to Google , eight links were from skeptical / science articles that are disapproving of the site .
Another 27 of the top 100 links were from Discovery ’s own web sites linking back to themselves .
So over 10 % of the link strength that Discovery has is due to skeptics in this case .
Now you might argue , “ Oh , we are just a small fraction of the sites that link to Discovery !
Thousands of Christian sites link to it . ”
If a mad scientist asked you for fifty cents to help him fund his machine to destroy the earth , would you give it to him ?
A journey of a thousand miles begins with one step .
I would also point out that Discovery Institute is perhaps not the best example , because it is a gigantic and well known site .
Many of the other sites skeptics link to are much lesser known .
Some are positively obscure .
In some of their cases , links from skeptical sites ridiculing them may be a significant proportion of their page rank .
We can cut off their oxygen if we choose to .
NOFOLLOW to the rescue
I ’m sure most readers are ahead of me at this point , but just to summarize : I believe that skeptics should , as a matter of policy , always use REL=NOFOLLOW on all hyperlinks to websites which we are opposing or debunking .
This is important both ethically ( helping them spread their filth ) and strategically ( helping the skeptic movement combat their misinformation ) .
If you edit your website manually , you can use the HTML tags I listed above to mark each hyperlink as appropriate .
If you have a page or pages on your site that primarily consist of links to misinformation or woo - woo websites , then you might want to look into the META NOFOLLOW tag that you can put into the header of a page .
This tells all crawlers like Google to ignore all of the links on that page .
If you use higher level software to manage this , read on .
Blogs
If you run a blog , then you should make sure that the nofollow feature for comment links is enabled .
It usually is by default .
Otherwise commenters debating your in your own comments will be able to link to their own pseudoscience or misinformation , and you will be helping them advertise their nonsense .
Now , I realize the blogosphere backlash against NOFOLLOW is largely about this very reciprocity of linkage .
Bloggers argue that comment links are part of the social contract of the blogosphere .
Specifically , allowing people who comment on your blog to derive some benefit in the form of “ google juice ” from comment links is how you reward them for commenting in the first place .
I do n’t disagree with that argument .
However , as skeptics we need to weigh the relative value of reciprocity with other skeptical bloggers versus the problems posed by linking to the very websites we are opposing .
I think the choice is clear for skeptics .
If you wish to explicitly link back to good skeptical commenters , there is always your blogroll and the main content of your blog posts .
Some blogs such as Pharyngula and Skepchick make a point of pointing out excellent commenters periodically , that ’s a good opportunity to offer some reciprocity as well .
As long as you allow open commenting and do n’t censor woo - woos when they comment , ethically you must leave the NOFOLLOW option on your blog turned on .
Otherwise you are helping the bad guys , whether you want to think about it or not .
For those wanting to tweak this behavior , there are a number of plugins available .
You can read about the nofollow options for WordPress here and this article covers nofollow plugins for other platforms as well .
Forums
A great deal of skeptical effort gets expended on the various forums .
Many search engines are particularly good at indexing forums , so links posted on them get considered very quickly .
Some of these sites ( such as randi.org ) have been around long enough to have a very high page rank themselves , which means links posted there have particular strength .
vBulletin ( JREF Forum and UK Skeptics ) :
On JREF at least there is a special tag you can use when linking to woo - woo websites called [ NFURL ] .
You use it like this :
[ nfurl]www.woowoosite.com[/nfurl]
Note that because vBulletin auto - links URLs by default , you must leave off the “ http : // ” part of the URL when doing this .
The NFURL tag will put this back for you to make a proper link when your message posts .
Use the preview feature if you are unsure ( click Go Advanced and then click Preview ) .
I believe this tag a specific modification on the JREF forum , it may not be available on other instances of vBulletin .
It does not appear to be available on UK Skeptics .
phpBB ( Skeptic Society Forum ) :
There are some readily available mods to make this the default for all links in phpBB .
Lo and behold The Skeptics Society has this turned on in their installation .
Major props to you folks for being ahead of the game on this one .
Invision Power Board ( Skepticality ) :
There does not appear to be a way for a user to do this in their posts by default .
The sysop of an IP .
Board can make this happen for all user - defined links through some configuration tips described here .
Of course , because it is system - wide this hurts skeptics as well as woo - woos who post links in your forum , just like turning it off in blog comments .
SMF : Simple Machines Forum ( Skeptics Guide to the Universe Forum ) :
By default I see no way to create nofollow links here , however there does appear to be an optional NoFollow BBCode plugin that can be added to allow posters to do this manually just like on the JREF forum .
There is also a another optional NoFollow All Links plugin that will automatically do this to any link posted in the forum .
Snitz Forum ( Skeptic Friends Network ) : I see no way to do a nofollow link here , and the forum is not configured to do it by default .
Please , in the comments below if you know of additional info I do n’t have here , add it .
Easily installed plugins to solve this problem are of particular value .
Conclusion and further reading
I think this is an important issue for skeptical webmasters and bloggers , and we need to take action about it .
Otherwise we are undermining our own movement , one link at a time .
For more about other semantic things you can do in your HTML , see the microformats initiative .
Particularly relevant here is their summary of the use of REL .
Some of those other REL usages may be relevant to skepticism as well .
I will write about that at a later date .
American International Group Inc. employees have returned less than half of the $ 45 million in bonuses they promised to repay in a goodwill gesture after the company received tens of billions of dollars in taxpayer aid , according to the Treasury Department ’s independent watchdog .
A public outcry erupted in March when news broke that AIG paid out at least $ 165 million in executive bonus pay after being awarded $ 180 billion in taxpayer loans and incentives .
Days later , to avoid further embarrassment to the company , former AIG Chief Executive Edward M. Liddy told a packed House committee hearing that he had asked employees to voluntarily give back half of their bonuses .
Mr. Liddy , appointed to the executive post after news of the company ’s problems broke , said he lacked the legal authority to rescind the bonus payouts altogether .
But an audit of the AIG bonus program released Tuesday by Neil Barofsky , special inspector general for the Troubled Asset Relief Program ( TARP ) , found that , as of Aug. 31 , AIG had received pledges from employees to return only $ 45 million in bonuses .
So far , however , only a little more than $ 19 million of bonus payments has been collected , the report said .
Mr. Barofsky , testifying before the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee on Wednesday , said that it appeared unlikely that the Treasury Department would be able to collect the full $ 45 million that was pledged .
“ AIG has noted that it ’ll be difficult for them to enforce collecting the money for those that have left the company , ” Mr. Barofsky said .
Some employees pledging to return bonus money have since left the company , making collection extremely difficult , the audit said .
AIG officials told auditors that progress in recouping the full amount pledged has been delayed as the company negotiates with employees to restructure a second round of bonus payments totaling $ 198 million scheduled to be awarded by March 2010 .
The audit accused the Treasury Department of failing to investigate AIG ’s massive employee bonus program adequately before allowing the company to participate in the federal government ’s $ 700 billion TARP bailout , created last fall as an emergency stopgap to stabilize the nation ’s wobbly economy in the midst of the worst recession since the 1930s .
The audit caused a stir with the committee , with lawmakers from both parties accusing AIG of irresponsible use of taxpayer money while condemning federal regulators for failing to discover the bonuses before bailing out the company .
“ Americans dont resent people who make a lot of money — we all want to make money , ” said Rep. Edolphus Towns , New York Democrat , who is the oversight committee chairman .
“ But what infuriates people is when bosses at bailed out companies , virtual wards of the state , continue to rake in millions — in effect , our millions .
“ It just doesnt seem right that the people who caused this tragedy should be so richly rewarded . ”
Rep. Darrell Issa , California Republican and the committee ’s top GOP member , accused the government of becoming too involved in the private sector and said both political parties are to blame .
“ Rather than learning from the mistakes of his predecessor , President Obama has entangled the federal bureaucracy across the private sector , ” Mr. Issa said .
“ This was a political bankruptcy and not handled through a bankruptcy judge as our law requires . ”
The Treasury Department did not become aware of the extent of the bonuses until February — after AIG received billions of dollars in taxpayer aid , the audit says .
“ Although broadly aware of the existence of contractually required retention and bonus payments in November 2008 , there is little to indicate that Treasury officials took steps to assess the totality of AIG ’s compensation , ” according to the audit .
AIG ’s compensation package included 620 bonus programs totaling about $ 455 million for 51,500 employees , 13 employee - retention plans allocating about $ 1 billion to almost 5,200 staffers , and $ 311 million in deferred compensation paid to about 5,400 employees .
Mr. Liddy argued earlier this year that some of the employees receiving the bonuses were badly needed to help unwind the company ’s massive , complex bad assets .
The compensation program was so complex that even top - level company officials were unaware — and did n’t approve — of many of the hundreds of bonus programs available , the report says .
The audit also says New York Federal Reserve examiners began to realize the magnitude of AIG ’s bonus program as early as October 2008 .
But TARP auditors said they “ saw little indication that the knowledge being developed by the [ New York Federal Reserve ] about AIG ’s compensation obligations was being passed along to Treasury in any systematic way . ”
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
N E W S :
current things by some beige folks : american museum of the moving image [ this installation is semi- permanent so please stop by ... no need to rush ! ] ....
upcoming : Cory in Texas , ...........+
Paul 's in London watch out for workshops @ Tate Modern & Royal Festival Hall ..... Joe is getting smart .....
BEIGE Interview on NPR ...
Smithsonian researchers working in Colombia 's Cerrejón coal mine have unearthed the first megafossil evidence of a neotropical rainforest .
Titanoboa , the world 's biggest snake , lived in this forest 58 million years ago at temperatures 3 - 5 C warmer than in rainforests today , indicating that rainforests flourished during warm periods .
" Modern neotropical rainforests , with their palms and spectacular flowering - plant diversity , seem to have come into existence in the Paleocene epoch , shortly after the extinction of the dinosaurs 65 million years ago , " said Carlos Jaramillo , staff scientist at the Smithsonian Tropical Research Institute .
" Pollen evidence tells us that forests before the mass extinction were quite different from our fossil rainforest at Cerrejón .
We find new plant families , large , smooth - margined leaves and a three - tiered structure of forest floor , understory shrubs and high canopy . "
Historically , good rock exposures and concentrated efforts by paleontologists to understand the evolution of neotropical rainforests — one of the most awe - inspiring assemblages of plant and animal life on the planet — have been lacking .
" The Cerrejón mining operation is the first clear window we have to see back in time to the Paleocene , when the neotropical rainforest was first developing , " said Scott Wing , a paleontologist from the Smithsonian 's National Museum of Natural History .
Some of the more than 2,000 fossil leaves , including the compound leaves and pods of plants in the bean family and leaves of the hibiscus family are among the oldest , reliable evidence of these groups .
This was the first time that the plant families Araceae , Arecaceae , Fabaceae , Lauraceae , Malvaceae and Menispermaceae , which are still among the most common neotropical rainforest families , all occurred together .
Many newcomers to modern rainforests remark that the leaves all look the same , a reasonable observation given that most have smooth margins and long " drip - tips " thought to prevent water from accumulating on the leaf surface .
S. Joseph Wright , senior scientist at STRI , has noted that all of the areas in the world today with average yearly temperatures greater than 28 C are too dry to support tropical rainforests .
If tropical temperatures increase by 3 C by the end of this century as predicted in the 2007 report of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , " We 're going to have a novel climate where it is very hot and very wet .
How tropical forest species will respond to this novel climate , we do n't know , " said Wright .
Based on leaf shape and the size of the cold - blooded Titanoboa , Cerrejón rainforest existed at temperatures up to 30 - 32 C and rainfall averages exceeded 2500 mm per year .
But Titanoboa 's rainforest was not as diverse as modern rainforests .
Comparison of the diversity of this fossil flora to modern Amazon forest diversity and to the diversity of pollen from other Paleocene rainforests revealed that there are fewer species at Cerrejón than one would expect .
Insect - feeding damage on leaves indicated that they could have been eaten by herbivores with a very general diet rather than insects specific to certain host plants .
" We were very surprised by the low plant diversity of this rainforest .
Either we are looking at a new type of plant community that still had n't had time to diversify , or this forest was still recovering from the events that caused the mass extinction 65 million years ago , " said Wing .
" Our next steps are to collect and analyze more sites of the same age from elsewhere in Colombia to see if the patterns at Cerrejón hold , and study additional sites that bracket the Cretaceous mass extinction , in order to really understand how the phenomenal interactions that typify modern rainforests came to be . "
This work is scheduled to be published online in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences during the week of Oct. 12 -16 .
Published on 24 September 2009 14:33 , Adelina Marini , Sofia
It 's been for some years a discussion about reforming the UN in such a way to represent better the global balance of power .
The way the world organisation is established it very much reflects the realities of the time around the World War II .
Now the world is different .
But the reform of the UN is stuck and then the crisis came .
It was the crisis that proved that the world really needs a global organisation that can tackle the main challenges and solve the problems one by one in an appropriate format .
Fortunately , this format appeared and that is the Group of Twenty - some call them most developed countries but it is more correct to say that this group represents the most developed industrialized and rich countries and the fast developing countries .
The representation in the G20 is more than indicative - there are countries from all continents who voice is heard in one or another regional , religious or economic forum .
And today is the summit of the Twenty in the American city of Pittsburgh .
And though the introduction of this article started inspiring , in fact 2 of the main issues in the agenda of the summit do not look that easy to solve - the laying the foundations of the new global financial architecture and the principles upon which the new climate change deal will lay upon ( which is expected to be agreed in the end of the year in Copenhagen ) .
euinside has many times written on both issues .
According to the Carnegie Endowment for International
Peace the challenges of the summit are not exactly these 2 issues but 4 .
The first challenge is what kind of recovery is coming ahead for the global and the national economies , because the positive news from the past couple of weeks are really increasing hope but they do not give a very clear perspective of the sustainability of the process .
According to Carnegie , the recovery would remain vulnerable for the next 1 - 2 years .
The second challenge when should the stimulus programmes end .
Here the authors from the endowment underline the double role of the central banks during the crisis .
On the one hand , they appear as a guarantee to the stability , but on the other - they 've become its victims .
Withdrawal of fiscal stimulus is not urgent but it should n't be prolonged as well because serious inflation risk will emerge as the economy recovers .
And not all banks have recovered there balance sheets .
Regretfully , monetary policies are not on the agenda of the Pittsburgh summit because they are in the competences of central banks , which we know , are independent .
Thus we come to the third challenge , outlined by the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace - how to avoid the same crisis in the future ?
There are several lessons which the policy makers should learn from this crisis : better risk management and financial sector regulatory oversight must be introduced , macroeconomic policies must go beyond inflation and growth targets and must also take into account housing and financial bubbles , and a well - resourced lender of last resort in the shape of the International Monetary Fund must exist .
Carnegie writes that only on the last of these items the G20 countries made serious progress , which is - the leading role of the IMF as a last resort for the most needing countries .
And while the issue of executive compensation has drawn much attention , it is not clear what the G20 can or should do in this area , the authors write .
But on the other hand , the case for coordinating financial regulation regimes , including capital requirements , in highly integrated international capital markets is very strong .
And here comes the big contradiction .
Asking central banks to take on a more active role in preventing future crises is an easy lesson to draw but a difficult one to act on without incurring large consequences .
Giving central banks regulatory oversight of the financial system , as proposed by the U.S. administration to Congress , or expecting monetary policy to address asset bubbles , would inevitably draw them deeper into the political arena and further call their independent status into question .
Under number 4 of the challenges , laid out by the Carnegie Endowment on the eve of the summit of the G20 , is the future agenda of the Twenty .
According to the foundation , the new format quite successfully is building upon the G8 most developed industrialized countries of the world .
But still , there is more to be done to make the representation in the G20 as balanced as possible .
According to Carnegie , Africa is particularly underrepresented while Europe is over - represented both by some of its member states and by itself as a European Union .
Carnegie also recommends , in the shadow of the G20 , the WTO ( the World Trade Organisation ) to be reformed as well .
And as we heard yesterday during the opening session of the UN General Assembly , where the president Barack Obama held his first speech as a president of the US , the world organisation also needs a reform .
The questions is who is to take care to avoid duplication of functions because of over - reforming .
It wo n't be a bad idea when the reforms start a mechanism to be implemented that will allow in future changes of the status quo , the reforms to start immediately so as to be useful .
Because , as we know very well , after a problem appears - there are numerous solutions .
And little about Pittsburgh itself - as the summit will discuss climate change , the administration of president Obama decided to find a city to host the summit that will best symbolize the change of the American policy - both keeping its leading economic role in the world and successfully join all international initiatives like preventing global warming .
As the BBC reports , Pittsburgh appeared to be perfect for the purpose - from a former smoky steel town , full of dust and home to mining and other heavy industry , now the town is fully transformed - it is full of tourists on pleasure cruisers between the wooded banks of its three rivers and where people make a living in services such as health and education or in hi-tech business .
Both the US and Europe are claiming some kind of victory The World Trade Organization ( WTO ) has given its long - awaited ruling on the biggest trade dispute in its history .
The decision , which is officially confidential , is over whether the European Union gave illegal subsidies to planemaker Airbus as the US argues .
The Wall Street Journal and others reported that the WTO had found in favour of the US position .
But a UK government source told the BBC that the WTO verdict was much more of a " mixed outcome " .
" The decision really questions the wisdom of taking this to the WTO in the first place , " the UK source said .
" Boeing will be far from jubilant tonight . "
Both US and European diplomats have declined to officially release the ruling , which is more than 1,000 pages long .
The decision is not expected to be officially made public for at least several months .
Partially upheld ?
The EU has also made a counter claim against the US for its support of Boeing .
A ruling on the EU 's claim against the US is due in the next six to eight months .
The ruling on Airbus comes after five years of deliberations .
Other US news reports had suggested that subsidies from Brussels were illegal under world trade rules .
US Representative Norm Dicks , who was briefed by US trade officials , told the Associated Press that the WTO ruling confirms the original complaint by the U.S. from 2004 .
" For many years we have contended that direct financial assistance from the European governmental partners of Airbus has represented an unfair launch subsidy that has allowed Airbus to increase its market share in the large civil aircraft market and to steal US aircraft manufacturing jobs , " he said .
" Today 's interim ruling from the WTO panel definitively confirms that contention . "
Mr Dicks represents the US state of Washington , where Boeing is based .
But the UK government source told the BBC said the verdict did not suggest that the EU had engaged in systematic aid to Airbus .
Aid given by the EU to the European aircraft maker for its A350 aircraft was not cited , for example , the source said .
' Good case '
Experts say the WTO 's decision will set the boundaries for acceptable government funding in civil aviation .
But Howard Wheeldon , senior strategist at BGC Partners , said there was still a long way to go in the saga .
" This whole WTO process is going to last four to five years .
It 's going to be 2013 at least before we get a final settlement on this , " he said .
He added that Boeing and Airbus have to find terms so that they can work together based on what the WTO actually rules .
Louis Gallois , the chief executive of Airbus 's parent company EADS , said before the decision that he believes the company has a " very good case " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Member for Grey , Rowan Ramsey , says the constant relocation of 10,000 barrels of radioactive waste highlights state and Federal Government indecision .
The barrels , currently stored in an old aircraft hanger in the Woomera Prohibited Area , will be moved to another temporary storage facility a few kilometres away while the Federal Government decides where to build a permanent facility .
Mr Ramsey says Premier Mike Rann is partly to blame for opposing a facility in South Australia almost five years ago .
" Every time we shift it around , the longer it remains exposed to the outside air , " he said .
" If we constructed a proper low - level repository at the time , all this waste would be held in a safe position now , so I think it 's a glaring example of political opportunism gone mad and now , as a consequence , the problem 's not been solved and it 's just going on and on .
" Here we are , about five years later with still no decisions made by the Federal Government , they 're trying to establish a repository in [ the ] Northern Territory now , having the same kind of local resistance .
It needs to be done , it needs to be got out of hospital basements and it's being held up because of these silly , silly political shots really . "
Rise bright and early Saturday morning and head up to Mount Tabor for the 2009 Portland Adult Soap Box Derby .
The races begin at 10 am , and should complete around 4 pm .
Gah , I will be out of town much of Saturday , but if I were in town I would be up on Mount Tabor , in one of the designated viewing areas ( see map – pdf ) , watching the races .
In the evening participants and fans are invited to the Tonic Lounge ( 3100 NE Sandy ) for the after party .
Awards will be handed out at 8 pm , and at 9 pm the music starts .
The lineup : Muddy River Nightmare Band , Rönster , and Punk Rock Collective .
Also Saturday , August 22nd , just the other side of Mount Tabor , the Montavilla Neighborhood Association and Thatcher ’s Pub are hosting the 5th annual Montavilla Brewfest .
Come out to the parking lot behind Thatcher ’s ( 7915 S.E. Washington ) from noon until 9 pm for Andre ’s Texas Style Barbeque , live music , and over 40 different beers from over 20 local breweries .
And a summer weekend would not be complete without a Timbers game .
Last weekend the team beat Montreal 1 - 0 and dismantled Rochester 4 - 1 , both on the road .
They return home with the unbeaten streak still growing at 22 , and they also sport a four game winning streak .
Saturday they take on the Miami FC Blues at 7 pm at PGE Park .
Tailgate starts at 4 pm .
And for the pinball players , all weekend long , the Showdown at Slabtown pinball tournament takes place at Slabtown , naturally .
More details here .
CHASE Africa : Delivering family planning services in Western Kenya https://populationandsustainability.org/wp-content/uploads/2019/11/CHV-Kakamega-patients-queuing-950.jpg
PSN member CHASE Africa receives UK aid to provide health and family planning services to the most rural and remote local communities in Western Kenya .
Nndwakhulu !- The Big Fight is On : External Project Evaluation https://populationandsustainability.org/wp-content/uploads/2019/02/Nndwakhulu-video-950.jpg
The external evaluation of the EU funded project implemented jointly with PSN member organisation , the Thohoyandou Victim Empowerment Programme ( TVEP ) , has revealed the “ monumental gains ” to the disadvantaged , marginalised communities suffering from human rights abuses .
Marie Stopes International becomes the newest member of the Population & Sustainability Network https://populationandsustainability.org/wp-content/uploads/2019/08/MSI-950.jpg
# ThrivingTogether : Our World Population Day campaign https://populationandsustainability.org/wp-content/uploads/2019/07/ttg-950.jpg
Today we launch Thriving Together !
Our first - of - its - kind global campaign supported by over 150 of the world ’s leading environmental and reproductive health organisations .
These organisations are all united by their agreement that barrier free access to family planning services is critically important for the environment and biodiversity , as well as women ’s and girls ’ health and well - being .
Empower women and girls for more effective action on climate change https://populationandsustainability.org/wp-content/uploads/2019/04/empowerlogos-950.jpg
Today the Margaret Pyke Trust and other sexual and reproductive health and rights organisations are making a global call to action .
It takes a village – the Nndwakhulu video https://populationandsustainability.org/wp-content/uploads/2019/02/Nndwakhulu-video-950.jpg
South African documentary film making company , Fireworx Media , has made a short video of our Nndwakhulu project .
Carina Hirsch on TRT World Roundtable https://populationandsustainability.org/wp-content/uploads/2019/02/Carina-Hirsch-on-TRT-950.jpg
Today 19 February 2019 , Carina Hirsch , Advocacy and Projects Manager , spoke about the importance of family planning as a climate adaptation and resilience building strategy on the TRT World Roundtable programme .
1. Step One : Select right keyword for web SEO Optimization .
You must choose your keywords carefully .
This is the most important step of the SEO .
Wrong or ineffective keywords mean invalid keyword optimization .
You should find popular keywords and phrases related to your business , then know search popularity and competition number of every keywords .
The keywords with more popularity and less competition will be your targeted keyword phrases .
2. Step Two : Optimize your website ranking factors .
Once you have finished keyword analysis and selected specified keywords , you should optimize your web site to improve search engine position .
The important ranking factors including website title tags , description tags , meta keyword tags , heading text , link url , link text , image alt , comment and web page body text .
Every keyword frequency , weight , size , prominence and proximity all affect the ranking .
You should optimize all these factors carefully .
The top 10 ranking website content and ranking factors will give your more help .
3. Step Three : Submit url to search engines directories .
After search engine optimization page design , Submiting all your web sites to Google , Yahoo , MSN , DMOZ and the other major engines .
Manual free submit url is recommend .
At http://www.websitepromotionsoft.com/submit-url-free.html
you can find top 588 search engine list with homepage , submit url address , alexa rank , google page rank , google inbound links and google including site pages .
4 .Step Four : Link Exchange and Manager .
Link popularity is the total number of websites that link to your web site , and is an extremely important method of improving your site ’s relevancy and position as many engines are using this information as a ranking criterion .
Both the quantity and quality of link popularity is important .
The best links are “ relevant ” links from web pages related to your keyword or topic .
5. Step Five : Monitoring and Re-Optimizing .
Often checking your website search engine position of your targeted keywords , if not satisfied with optimization ranking results , you should do more SEO to achieve higher search engines ranking position .
Here is a hockey stick graph ...
Click on graph for larger image in new window .
Fannie
Mae reported that the serious delinquency rate for conventional loans in its single - family guarantee business increased to 4.17 percent in July , up from 3.94 percent in June - and up from 1.45 % in July 2008 .
" Includes seriously delinquent conventional single - family loans as a percent of the total number of conventional single - family loans .
These rates are based on conventional single - family mortgage loans and exclude reverse mortgages and non-Fannie Mae mortgage securities held in our portfolio . "
Just more evidence of some shadow inventory and the next wave of foreclosures .
Update :
These stats include Home Affordable Modification Program ( HAMP ) loans in trial modifications .
Six games into the season the Maple Leafs are still searching for their first win .
So what 's wrong with this team ?
With one game over the next nine days there will be plenty of time to try and fix what ails the 0 - 5 - 1 Leafs .
Today we 'll be keeping a close watch on what 's happening and will keep you in the loop with up - to - the - minute updates in this space , starting with news from this morning 's practice which starts at 11 a.m .
Up first today , columnist Damien Cox dusts off his mailbag for the first installment of the season and there is plenty of blame from readers .
Damien writes :
" Among this week 's questions , of course , there are few that highlight the positives about the Leafs .
When the Leafs are down or when they are up , it overshadows pretty much everything else on the hockey horizon in this town .
Needless to say , a six - game losing streak to start the season means lots of questions about Ron Wilson , Francois Beauchemin , Mike Komisarek and Luke Schenn , but surprisingly few about the goaltending , which to me , is at the root of all the club 's problems at the moment . "
Click here to read Damien 's mail bag .
In the meantime , what would you do to try and fix the Leafs ?
Reporter Kevin McGran has some suggestions and Rosie Dimanno searched out some former coaching greats for their ideas .
Use the comments section of this article to pass on your ideas and remember to check this space often today for updates from Leafs camp .
Oddly Enough
Wrap your phone in bacon
Posted
Dec 10 - Looking for a holder for your mobile phone , or MP3 player ?
How about a case that ressembles streaky bacon .
( CNN ) --
Drug traffickers are planting millions of marijuana plants on U.S. public lands ever closer to tourist sites , guarding their plots with heavy weaponry , federal authorities say .
Pot is hauled out last year from an Indiana park popular with fishermen .
Officials returned to seize more Thursday .
" We destroy their plants and they come back , sometimes to the same spot , and replant , " said U.S. Forest Service Special Agent Russ Arthur .
" It 's definitely possible that hikers and campers are going to find themselves in the middle of a field facing some very dangerous , armed bad guys , because this problem is everywhere , and it 's only getting worse . "
Across the nation , pot sites linked to cartels have been found in 15 states as far north as Washington , Arthur said .
Last week , a portion of Sequoia National Park in the Sierra Nevada was closed to visitors while rangers dropped from helicopters into a marijuana farm a half - mile away from Crystal Cave , popular among tourists .
Officials said there were five sites in the Yucca Creek Canyon where investigators recovered tons of trash , netting , chemicals and camping materials , a discovery that suggested the growers had been there , or planned to stay , for a long time .
Though authorities destroyed the patch , whoever wanted to profit probably got what they wanted .
Seventy - five percent of the plants had been harvested , said park spokeswoman Adrienne Freeman .
" Last week for six days , instead of having families and children walking down to Crystal Cave , we were flying helicopters to do a law enforcement operation , " she said .
" That 's not fair .
You should be able to come to the park and enjoy it . "
Freeman cautioned that there is a steep cliff near the site and most visitors would n't be skilled enough to trek into the area .
But some might .
In Idaho earlier this summer , hikers came upon 12,545 marijuana plants valued at $ 6.3 million , officials said .
This week , the National Park Service was working to eradicate plants at Indiana Dunes National Lakeshore , beloved by fishermen , where one year ago the agency brought out six dump trucks full of marijuana -- 10,000 plants -- valued at $ 8.5 million , according to chief ranger Mike Bremer .
And on Friday , the Drug Enforcement Administration said it had found 14,500 marijuana plants growing in a patch of forest land 40 miles southwest of Denver , Colorado , where campers have ventured .
The Forest Service has stepped up its efforts to raid forest areas in Georgia and Tennessee , including areas near the Chattahoochee River , a favorite among hikers , campers and adventure racers .
The agency has started podcasting and posting signs on public land , trying to describe to regular folks what a pot field looks like and how to get away from it quickly .
Though traffickers have been planting on public lands for years , figures from the U.S. Forest Service indicate the sheer volume of marijuana plants on public land has increased every year since 2005 -- by millions .
And those are just the plants that the government knows about and has destroyed .
Most pot farms are cultivated by low - level cartel workers , many who are working to pay off smugglers who helped them cross the border , officials have said .
Campsites are sophisticated and well hidden , with foxholes and sniper nests , Arthur told CNN .
The workers plant four to five farms at a time to get one bountiful crop , reckoning that two might be destroyed by law enforcement , one might fail because of weather , and another could be pilfered by what officers call " pot pirates , " Americans who risk getting close to traffickers to score free pot , Arthur said .
Dean Growdon , an assistant sheriff and commander of the Lassen County , California , Narcotics Task Force , said he 's especially concerned about pot farm violence now because hunting season is about to start .
" We get more reports this time of year from hunters who 've stumbled onto sites , " he said .
" We had a guy who discovered they were growing on the back portion of his property . "
The sheriff 's department knows firsthand of the dangers .
Two deputies are still recovering from being shot in June when they stumbled on a pot field , Sheriff Steven Warren said .
In the encounter , one of the deputies shot and killed a grower , Warren said , and the surviving growers are being prosecuted , he said .
" Our guys saw the field and were trying to make their way back to get help when they ran into the growers .
There were two [ suspected growers ] laying back on a rock and when our guys saw them , there was a moment when everyone just froze , " said Warren .
" There was a guy in a tent that had an AK - 47 and our guys have a gun on him .
" To me , that grower , he was on a suicide mission .
He could have never believed he would live through that , " the sheriff said .
Although federal agents have stepped up raids on sites across the country , arrests are tough to make because growers know the terrain like the backs of their hands .
When authorities surprise them by dropping into their camps , growers dart off to hiding places or through the thick woods , making foot chases difficult .
In July , a multi-agency sting in California 's Fresno County -- the largest ever nationwide -- netted 420,000 plants , worth $ 1.6 billion , and the arrests of 100 people .
As many as 82 Mexican nationals were taken into custody and deported , the Fresno County state attorney 's office told CNN .
So far , the U.S. attorney 's office has charged 16 people .
If convicted , those without prior drug charges would face 10 years to life and a $ 4 million fine ; those with drug records could get double that sentence .
But little intelligence is gleaned from growers .
They do n't want to talk , fearful of the consequences their families could face back in Mexico .
It 's still mostly a mystery how growers keep their camps going , how they transport their food , and where and how they move their finished product .
It 's also mostly unclear how they are managing to carry so much equipment -- piping , chemicals and basic living necessities -- into the deep woods .
But it 's clear they are causing expensive and irreversible damage to the ecosystem .
Growers often dam up natural waterways with PVC pipe to redirect water to their plants , or poison the land and animals with insecticides .
Many poach for food .
Tons of trash is found scattered on the sites .
In Sequoia National Park , $ 1 million has been spent since 2006 on marijuana plantation cleanup alone , and the damage done to Crystal Cave will be felt for years to come , said the park spokeswoman , Adrienne Freeman .
" We are continually discovering new species in that cave , and we are letting Mexican cartels threaten to wipe that out , " she said .
All About Marijuana • U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration • Nature and the Environment
home | metro silicon valley index | features | silicon valley | feature story
Photograph by Felipe Buitrago
Building a Movement : Richard Gage , founder of Architects and Engineers for 911 Truth , says the World Trade Center could n't possibly have been brought down by planes .
Explosive Theory Eight years after 9/11 , a growing organization of building trades professionals suspect that there was more to the event thanthe government will admit By Jay Levin and Tom McKenzie
JUST A FEW YEARS ago Ed Munyak , a fire protection engineer for the city of San Jose , seemed like a lonely , out - there figure , a sometimes - target because of his outspoken position on the events of Sept. 11 , 2001 .
These days , hundreds of other building trade professionals have joined him in challenging the official narrative about the collapse of three buildings at New York 's World Trade Center ( WTC ) on that fateful , traumatic day .
Munyak , of Los Altos Hills , is a mechanical and fire engineer whose job is to review building plans to ensure they comply with the California Building and Fire Code .
In 2007 , after speaking out on his own for a few years , Munyak signed on with a then - fledging organization called Architects and Engineers for 911 Truth ( AE911 Truth ) , founded by Bay Area architect Richard Gage .
Today , far from being isolated , Munyak now counts as allies 804 professional architects and building engineers from around the country .
Collectively , they have joined Munyak 's call for an independent technical investigation of the causes of the WTC buildings collapse .
In doing so , they reject the federal government 's conclusions that two airplanes alone brought the buildings down — without the aid of pre-planted explosives .
Munyak and his fellow AE911 supporters recently received acknowledgement from the FBI 's counterterrorism division , which concluded that the organization 's core evidence deserves — and will get — FBI scrutiny .
In a letter , Deputy Director Michael J. Heimbach assessed AE911 's presentation as " backed by thorough research and analysis . "
Munyak and his professional allies insist that they are not conspiracy theorists , and they refuse to speculate on the " why " or " who " of 9/11 .
Munyak described their basic position in an interview with Metro .
" Buildings do not fail from fire related causes in the way that World Trade Center 1 , 2 and 7 failed .
Steel frame or composite steel buildings , modern high - rise buildings — they just do not collapse catastrophically like that .
It 's impossible .
" Only if you sever columns in some other way will those buildings collapse .
It takes too much energy , and that energy was not there even with adding in all that jet fuel .
It defies all engineering analysis and theory that those buildings collapsed in that manner .
It just does n't make any sense . "
Apparently reinforcing this position , a team of three scientists working at technical laboratories in the United States and Denmark reported in April that analysis of dust that they say was gathered at the World Trade Center found evidence of the potent incendiary / explosive " super thermite , " used by the military .
The re-investigation movement received attention this week after it percolated into the high ranks of the Obama administration .
The President 's green jobs advisor , Van Jones , resigned on Sept. 5 amidst a controversy over his statements about Republicans and his endorsement of a 2004 statement by the group 9/11 Truth.org , when he was head of an Oakland non-profit organization .
The letter , signed by more than 100 official - version doubters , called for " immediate public attention to unanswered questions that suggest that people within the [ Bush ] administration may indeed have deliberately allowed 9/11 to happen , perhaps as a pretext for war . "
BLOWN THEORY : 9/11 Truthers point to photographs and videotape as evidence that explosives were used to destroy the twin towers .
Patriotic Duty San Jose architect Thomas Lyman Chamberlain , another member of AE911 Truth , calls the official account of the 9/11 events " a fraud . "
" In light of the human life and liberties being taken based on that fraud , " Lyman wrote on the AE911.org site , building industry professionals " have a patriotic duty to invoke their credentials on behalf of the victims and the integrity of our nation . "
Chemical engineer T. Mark Hightower of San Jose , a member of the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics and of the American Institute of Chemical Engineers , agrees .
" It is clear that the buildings had help to bring them down , " he says .
AE911 Truth has grown rapidly , igniting a struggling grassroots movement of hundreds of other " 9/11 Truth " organizations , and spearheading a growing assault on the official story .
In recent years , other single - profession 9/11 Truth groups have launched or gained momentum , including those comprised of airline pilots , firefighters , veterans , medical professionals , scholars , lawyers , religious leaders and former government employees .
Also individually calling for a new inquiry are two dozen retired U.S. military brass and eight former U.S. State Department officials , along with a number of Republicans who have served in high federal positions since President Reagan , including former Assistant Treasury Secretary Paul Craig Roberts and former Reagan administration Assistant Defense Secretary ( and retired Marine Corps colonel ) Ronald D. Ray .
Activists around the country attribute AE911's professional credibility and its unwavering focus on the WTC as the fuel that has galvanized the movement .
David Ray Griffin , the retired Santa Barbara philosophy professor and theologian who is perhaps the leading intellectual force within the Truth groups — with seven 9/11 books to his credit , including The New Pearl Harbor — notes that it " is possible many of these organizations would n't even have formed without AE911 first being there . "
" AE911 represents the biggest boost yet to the credibility of the 9/11 truth movement , " Griffin says .
" It is clear there are far more architects and engineers who have spoken out against the official story than have publicly supported it . "
FALLOUT : The government 's theory about what destroyed WTC Building 7 , which was not hit by a plane , does not satisfy members of AE911 Truth .
Building a Case
The local members of AE911 Truth and their allies elsewhere make these arguments : • Cru cial elements of the key government study on the step - by - step events that occurred in the collapse of the WTC buildings do n't stand up to analytical scrutiny .
The study was undertaken by the National Institute of Standards and Technology ( NIST ) , the U.S. Commerce Department agency responsible for building and other safety codes and standards .
•
An airplane crash and subsequent fire are n't sufficient cause to bring down the towers , not even when combined with the presumed dislodging of fireproofing that protected the core steel beams in the areas in which the two planes struck .
( This dislodging , NIST asserts , made the steel vulnerable to softening by fire and brought on the collapse — the first ever of a steel - framed building hit by fire . )
• NIST never tested for explosive residues despite evidence , including many eyewitness accounts from first responders and people who escaped the buildings , that explosives and incendiaries were present .
•
The collapse of the three buildings resembles two different types of controlled demolitions , and not the bending or toppling of a heated building section that might result from a fire .
Following the collapses , NIST assembled a panel of more than 300 staff and external experts and spent three years and $ 20 million on what it claims is the most exhaustive technical study ever of a building collapse .
Released in 2005 , the initial NIST report concluded that the twin towers , which NIST agrees could not normally be brought down by fire alone , collapsed because of a combination of factors , most crucially the dislodging of fireproofing by the planes ' impacts .
This allowed certain beams to soften sufficiently to force an inward bending of perimeter - supporting steel beams , putting so much pressure on the fire - weakened — and in some cases severed — center steel columns ( three severed in one tower and five in another out of 47 in each ) that they collapsed in the areas where the planes had struck .
NIST also stated that there was more than enough " mass plus acceleration " of the upper stories of the twin towers as they fell to force a collapse of the lower structure straight down at nearly free fall speed , with each floor adding its weight and the force of its fall to the pressures on the floors below — a theory it argues is supported by elaborate computer models .
NIST 's report on the third building to collapse , WTC7 , released in August 2008 , argues that mass computer modeling of existing evidence also fails to support an explosives theory .
The report concludes that WTC7 was brought down by seven hours of fires combined with falling debris from the towers that weakened an entire building section and forced the collapse of a key support column , allowing the building to cave in on itself .
( The NIST towers report should not be confused with the 9/11 Commission Report , which came out a year earlier with a wildly inaccurate technical analysis that not even NIST accepts . )
Poll numbers reflect varying levels of disbelief of the official narrative .
The Zogby poll in 2004 found that half of New Yorkers thought that U.S. officials knew the terrorist plot was going to unfold and consciously failed to act .
The New York Times and CBS News commissioned an Angus Reid Global Monitor poll in 2006 and found that 80 percent of Americans thought President Bush was at least hiding something regarding 9/11 .
In 2006 , Popular Mechanics magazine published a study debunking critiques of NIST , most notably the assertion that explosives brought down the Trade Center buildings .
All this was before engineers , scientists and architects began to organize and present evidence challenging both the official narrative and Popular Mechanics ' defense of that narrative .
Puzzling Evidence Within his 20 - year career , Richard Gage counts among his accomplishments the design of numerous fireproofed steel - framed buildings .
In an interview with Metro , Gage , 53 , a lifelong Republican , described having a moment of clarity when he first heard alternative theories of 9/11 presented in March 2006 by David Ray Griffin .
As he tells it , he was driving to a construction meeting and crossed the talk radio political divide that day to listen to progressive Pacifica Radio's KPFA interviewing Griffin .
" What Griffin was saying is that the ends of these beams that were being ejected out of the World Trade Center at 55 mph were dripping with molten steel , and they landed more than 500 feet away , " Gage recounts .
The station also played interviews recorded after 9/11 , including with firefighters who described hearing explosions and seeing flashes of light that would support an explosives / incendiaries theory .
Before this ,
Gage notes , he had n't paid heed to the technical details of the collapse or questioned the official story .
Particularly striking to Gage was the fact that the taped eyewitness interviews had only in August 2005 been released to The New York Times by the city of New York by court order — nearly four years after 9/11 .
" This was information that has been hidden by the city of New York , and it became obvious the reason why they hid it , " Gage said .
" So I began looking at it myself .
The more I read , the more disturbed I got , and I realized fairly quickly what I needed to do , and that was to start Architects and Engineers for 9/11 Truth . "
As founder and executive director , the soft - spoken Gage has since become something like a subversive Al Gore , delivering a disturbingly inconvenient PowerPoint presentation that he maintains dissects most of the key elements of the NIST report .
Somewhat obsessed with recruiting as many building professionals as possible , Gage left his job and spends most of his time traveling from city to city presenting the core forensic case to bodies of fellow experts and to any groups that will listen .
" Most all of the architects and engineers that I present to , once they see the graphic evidence , they are completely overwhelmed , as I was , with the forensic - based scientific facts surrounding this case , " Gage says .
He gets similar buy - in from nonprofessional groups of all political stripes .
Like Munyak , Gage cites the fact that steel framing serves as a heat conductor , actually cooling fires and equalizing the burden on any one steel section .
" The steel does n't get to the temperature that would cause it to weaken , " he says .
" No steel - framed high rise has ever collapsed due to fire , and we have almost 100 examples . "
As for NIST 's theory that once the towers ' impact - area beams gave way , the mass above them would rapidly crush the lower stories , Gage argues that the premise ignores the laws of physics .
" No force can crush that kind of a structure at near freefall speed .
It 's ludicrous , " he says .
" Not only that , the videos show that 95 percent of the south tower is being blown outside , indicating explosions .
And the top of the north tower is being reduced from 15 stories to seven stories before it even starts to drop .
Half of its mass is destroyed in the first two seconds .
" The remaining mass cannot fall at near freefall speed and crush 80,000 tons of steel and pulverize to powder 90,000 tons of concrete and create tons of molten metal by some unknowable process . "
Defending the NIST research , spokesman Michael Newman says the agency 's computer models were highly reliable in their crucial assessment of the amount of fireproofing dislodged — a factor not present in fires in other steel buildings cited by Gage .
NIST , supported by a number of independent building and explosives professionals who are critical of AE911 , also stands behind its theory that the impact of the upper floors crushed the lower ones .
" Basically , gravity and the utter force of the upper floors forced the towers down , " Newsman says .
" If you have 20 floors of mass suddenly released , as it goes downward it picks up more mass and more force — and , yes , you can have a building collapse in 10 seconds , and yes , it is physically possible .
" We believe that three years of hard scientific technical investigation based around a tremendous amount of evidence and confirmed by many physicists will give you the same conclusions . "
Newman adds that while the force of the collapse created air pressure that blew debris outward , mimicking what Gates argues are explosions but which NIST says were not , there was more than enough mass still descending straight down to hammer the lower floors into collapsing one by one , each failed floor then adding to the descending mass .
However unquestioningly the public , media and government may have accepted NIST 's conclusions ( " I saw the planes hit the buildings ; what else could have brought them down ? " is a common refrain ) , Gage and his " not - so - fast " colleagues argue that they easily found flaws and ignored evidence in the study .
Most prominently , the 47 - story steel structure Building 7 was never struck by a fire - proof dislodging plane but collapsed anyway .
Dust to Dust Moreover , according to Gage and others , a major clue that something in the twin towers was producing far more heat than could a jet fuel fire ( and reached far more of the steel structure than the areas around the jet fuel fires ) is the alleged sightings by some first - responders and later by some of the debris - removal crews , of molten metal , like hot lava , some found to be glowing in the basements of WTC buildings up to three weeks after 9/11 — far longer , they say , than jet fuel sources could produce .
( Interviews of many cleanup - crew members by a demolition company found no evidence of molten steel sightings .
Gage cites evidence to the contrary . )
Newman says NIST believes that any molten metal sightings , including metal seen pouring from the south tower , were likely molten aluminum from the airplane .
Moreover , he says , NIST was not presented with evidence of molten steel , and if some melted , this occurred after the event , in fires underground , and was not a contributing factor to the fall of the building .
Gage dismisses this as " impossible without a source of oxygen such as thermate , " adding that molten metal seen in NIST - cited videos is n't the color of molten aluminum .
The 9/11 Truthers also respond that most of the steel evidence was carted away rapidly and recycled in China before it could be examined to prove either melting or NIST 's key theory of dislodged fireproofing , and consider this " destruction of evidence . "
Supporting AE911 's theory is Dr. Steven E. Jones , a nuclear physicist known for his work in cold fusion .
Jones says he was forced into early retirement from his position as a professor at Brigham Young University because of his work attempting to show that powerful explosives were present in the WTC towers .
After Jones initial analysis was harshly criticized for flaws by BYU 's own building engineering department , Jones and other scientists co-authored a new critique accepted for publication in the peer - reviewed New Civil Engineering Journal that mentioned thermite as a potential culprit in the building collapses .
This was followed by a research paper published last April .
Co-authored by Jones and associate professor Niels Harrit of Copenhagen University 's famed Niels Bohr Institute in Denmark , and by Dr. Jeffrey Farrer , lab manager for BYU 's Transmission Electron Microscopy lab , as well as four other researchers , the paper provided vivid microscopic photo evidence of highly flammable red-gray chips that the authors say appear to be super thermite found in four different reputed WTC dust samples sent to Jones by suspicious New Yorkers who had collected them shortly after 9/11 .
Thermite , a mixture of aluminum powder and iron oxide , is known to burn through steel .
Adding either silicon , magnesium or titanium to the mixture makes it thermate or " super thermite , " a substance with an accelerated capacity to cut through steel .
According to Gage , " the military uses it to cut through steel like a hot knife through butter . "
" Dr. Jones found the chemical signature of thermite , " Gage says .
" So , the evidence all ties together to support the hypotheses of a controlled demolition . "
In an interview with Metro , Jones said his and his colleagues ' microanalysis of the four different samples of dust collected from various sites in lower Manhattan revealed not only extensive presence of red - gray chips of unignited thermite , it also found significant traces of microspheres of previously molten iron that are normally the product of incendiary explosions far hotter than jet fuel fires .
" What strikes me as odd , " Jones said , " is that these red chips we found are so striking , and yet no one has reported their presence before .
These red chips are very unusual and very prevalent , and they test out as being consistent with a form of thermite .
We can ignite them , and they react very violently when touched off .
So how do you explain their presence in the towers ' dust ?
" USGS [ the U.S Geological Survey , which did some testing on WTC dust for NIST ] has a lame explanation for not looking for this .
I have been encouraging them to test early dust samples , but they have n't responded . "
Jones said he sent a letter in April 2008 to NIST about his findings , inviting it to test its own dust for such chips .
In public comments since , NIST has dismissed his research as not scientifically valid , because Jones can't prove the " chain of custody " of the dust he tested .
Other groups , notably contributors to AE911.info , which supports the NIST findings , argue that neither the samples nor Jones tests are reliable .
Jones simply says : " They do n't need my dust to test .
They have plenty of dust of their own where they know the chain of custody .
They just wo n't test it . "
Mushroom Clouds Gage , Jones and other critics cite other official evidence possibly pointing to explosives including the fact that iron - rich microspheres were found in tests by USGS and RJ Lee Labs .
Says Gage , " In the twin towers , it 's very explosive .
You can see the explosions in all the videos , and what 's happening is the explosions are creating this incredible dust cloud .
The dust clouds are forming immediately .
In the dust from the WTC , you have millions of these tiny , perfectly spherical microspheres of iron .
Now , where did they come from ?
" The only way they could have been formed is to have molten iron and then a series of explosions whose incredible force atomizes , if you will , the molten iron . "
Dr. Jones notes that a USGS scientist told him the microspheres might have come from the cleanup process , when crews were cutting steel .
" Problem is that we have samples from long before the cleanup began , " he says .
Gage and other Truthers point to other indications of explosives .
Besides vast mushroom clouds of dust and debris exploding outward at the top of both towers , videos show squibs that appear to be many small explosions .
Moreover , like some first responders and escapees , in some cases live on - air broadcasts reporters joined in describing the explosions .
According to Newman , NIST studies showed that the apparent explosions and squibs were actually compressed air from the force of the collapse finding openings and blowing debris and dust outward in an explosive manner .
Eyewitness accounts of explosions , he says , were n't evident in 10,000 interviews NIST conducted , and a few such reports were readily explained by other phenomena .
" No one gave us any evidence that there was any kind of explosive , " Newman says .
Nor did NIST find evidence of a " severe high - temperature corrosion attack , " he says , noting that sulfur and manganese were heavily present in building materials and that any corrosion might have occurred in the debris pile after the buildings ' collapse , due to the conditions there .
AE911 critics support NIST with an argument that explosive sounds likely derived from electrical and air - conditioning transformers exploding , the sound of floors collapsing onto each other , or rivets popping all at once as the pressure got to them .
" The way I see it , it had to be the rivets , " the online Journal of Debunking 9/11 Conspiracy Theories quotes one firefighter saying .
" So why did n't we look for explosive residues in the towers ? "
Newman asks rhetorically .
" Because there was no evidence saying go that way .
There was a lot of evidence saying look at the impact of the plane , the loss of fire - proofing , the bowing of the perimeter beams , which was the final straw that broke the camel 's back . "
Even so , why not test debris — a relatively simple operation — to put the question fully behind and silence critics ?
Newman says NIST did calculate the quantity of thermite that would be needed — and found that it would require a tremendous amount in each column to get it to melt .
Newman acknowledges that NIST 's response that it sees " no need " to test dust for any form of thermite wo n't satisfy critics , and adds : " We do n't try to debate or argue with these folks because they have their opinions and what they believe is evidence , but to us it is counterproductive to engage in debate .
" We 'd rather let the body of evidence we presented stand on its own merits .
We feel this is a very good piece of work — in many ways pushing investigations way beyond what 's gone before .
Our work is to help strengthen buildings , and proof of the validity of our research is that most all our recommendations for changing building codes have been accepted by the international organization that models building codes .
That would n't have happened if they doubted our findings . "
Gage and his allies say that Newman is one among a group of government - dependent employees fearful that evidence of explosives would be too traumatic for the public to handle — and probably too risky to their political superiors .
Notably , however , unlike with , say , Environmental Protection Agency research on WTC toxins , no whistleblowers have emerged to lend credence to that theory .
Not one NIST scientist or technician has protested the findings or leaked an accusation that the NIST report was influenced by political pressure .
Ed Munyak , who is more nuanced than Gage in his critique of NIST , concedes that the NIST report actually provides some evidence supporting alternative theories of the WTC collapse .
Munyak argues that top - down influence shows up in the overall presentation of the report to the public and its final conclusions , not in all its details provided by working technicians and scientists .
" There is some very good information in the NIST report if you really look at it and analyze it , as I 've done , that makes the case that something else happened , " Munyak says .
" The report [ conclusion ] says there was one structural failure and after that happened , collapse was inevitable .
Which just is not the case .
I 'm saying that 's the falsehood of the NIST political leaders , not so much the people who do the research . "
" The fact is that the collapses do n't resemble any fire - induced behavior of structures , but it exactly mimics a controlled demolition , so why not investigate that ?
It 's all very suspicious and that 's why an independent investigation is needed so we can all learn from this . "
LA Weekly founder Jay Levin is writing a book about the WTC scientific dispute .
Tom McKenzie is a freelance reporter .
Send a letter to the editor about this story .
TV's Craig Ferguson ( " Late Late Show " ) explains how youth marketing has led our culture astray in a fantastically insightful monologue :
Is he on to something ?
There 's been an understandable media furore around Form 696 , which is used by the Metropolitan police as a risk assessment of gigs and club events in London , given that initial drafts deemed it " potentially racist " , what with its penchant for knowledge of all things black and Asian - related .
Yesterday , many of us started premature celebrations when word trickled through that Scotland Yard had bowed to growing pressure from the entertainment industry and revised the form , no longer requesting a music genre to be specified .
Previously the form gave as options such as " bashment , R&B , garage " – genres popular with black and Asian communities .
While it would be all too easy to sit back and relish this small victory , this latest move from Scotland Yard has been described as an " exercise in semantics " by Feargal Sharkey , chief executive at UK Music , who 's been instrumental in the campaign to shred Form 696 , and rightly so .
No experimentation with a dictionary changes the essence of the police stance on tackling any plausible link between music and violence .
No piece of paper is going to cover the cracks in our society .
The problem is much deeper - rooted than the BPM of a record .
Any problem you 're unfortunate enough to encounter of an evening is just as likely to occur in broad daylight .
Do I feel safer opting for an event in Angel as opposed to a night in Elephant & Castle ?
No .
The reality is that inner-city life is no bed of roses .
Whether you 're into hip - hop , grime , rock or bhangra , the thought of getting mugged , stabbed or shot is no longer alien territory .
Having spent a decade enjoying what the capital has to offer , as well as putting on club nights , I 'm all too aware of how a good night can turn ugly .
No amount of form - filling and checking of DJs ' addresses is going to change that .
Rumours of a so - called " black list " of promoters , acts , their associates and their followers is nothing new .
Four years ago , when we were packing venues with punters who wanted to get acquainted with relatively unknown MCs and grime sounds , the police wanted to know details of performers and asked the owner for notification of any " change in music policy " .
Despite a crowd that married Shoreditch fashionistas with Hoxton rude boys , six sold - out events and no trouble , such police intervention was the nail in our coffin .
But some of those same MCs have gone on to enjoy chart success – Tinchy Stryder is currently the bestselling UK male artist of the year with 900,000 sales , while Dizzee Rascal can boast three consecutive No 1s .
Without the opportunity to grow on your own doorstep , what chance is there for the fans and artists alike to support homegrown music ?
We need to face reality .
There 's too much paperwork in the world .
What we need is a clubland coalition .
An end to the " us and them " mentality we 've adopted around this issue .
A good old chinwag with Detective Chief Superintendent Richard Martin , the head of the Yard 's clubs and vice unit , would n't go amiss .
Let 's tell each other how it really is .
Open the channels of communication .
" Working together for a safer London " , right Chief ?
Can they get much crazier than this ?
Yes they can !
Every day brings another new high on the wacky scale , as rightwingers continue to sound the alarm about our new National Socialist president :
Parents across the country are rebelling against plans by President Barack Obama to speak directly to their children through the classrooms of the nation 's public schools without their presence , participation and approval .
The plans announced by Obama also have been cited as raising the specter of the Civilian National Security Force , to which he 's referred several times since his election campaign began , but never fully explained .
" He 's recruiting his civilian army .
His ' Hitler ' youth brigade , " wrote one participant in a forum at Free Republic .
" I am not going to compare President Obama to Hitler .
We 'll leave that to others and you can form your own opinions about them and their analogies .
…
However , we can learn a lot from the spread of propaganda in Europe that led to Hitler 's power .
A key ingredient in that spread of propaganda was through the youth , " wrote a blogger at the AmericanElephant.com blog , where the subject of the day was a national " Keep - Your - Child - at - Home - Day . "
" Totalitarian regimes around the world have sought to spread their propaganda and entrench their power by brainwashing the children .
I guess it 's easier to indoctrinate a six - year - old instead of fighting a 26 - year - old or being challenged by a 46 - year - old in the voting booth , " the blogger wrote .
At issue was an announcement that Obama plans to deliver a message directly to students via the Internet into public school classrooms across the nation on Sept .
8 . According to announcement posted on ServiceWire.org , Obama will address students " about the importance of persisting and succeeding in school " at 1 p.m. Eastern at the WhiteHouse.gov website .
See , that right there ?
That proves it !
Because if children actually pay attention , learn to read and write and apply critical thinking skills , they 're actually a lot less likely to read fine publications like World Nut Daily - except when they 're mining them for comedy gold like this .
The announcement said the federal Department of Education " is encouraging educators , students and parents to use this opportunity to help students get focused and begin the school year strong . "
The government also is publicizing a list of suggestions for students and teachers to do in preparation for the speech , including studying Barack Obama 's writings and presidency .
Obama had announced the speech during a child reporter 's visiting the White House .
During the interview , Obama said , " On September 8 , when young people around the country are … will have just started or are about to go back to school , I 'm going to be making a big speech to young people all across the country … "
But opposition is assembling quickly , similar to the concerns expressed on the AmericanElephant blog : " Now the former community organizer and current president of the United States is making an unprecedented speech to the school children of our nation .
I 'd like to believe his motives were pure and politics did n't play into this .
But viewing this administration 's track record does n’t afford such benefit of the doubt .
" When the president browbeats property owners who want to protect their legal rights … when the president admits he does n't know the facts but impugns the integrity of a police force … when the president calls me a liar for reporting what is actually in the health care bills and encourages my neighbors to report me to some enemies list … when the president apologizes to nations around the world and bows to a Saudi king … he loses the benefit of the doubt , " the blogger wrote .
" Without benefit of the doubt , the president does n't get to speak to my children unchallenged , " the writer said .
Whereas starting a war based on fake information and killing hundreds of thousands of civilians - and letting an entire city of American brown people die - well , that inspires blind devotion , right ?
Which pretty much lets us know where these folks are coming from .
Dealignment has arrived .
Republicans blew it , and are now so repellent that Americans increasingly reject both political parties .
In the latest Washington Post / ABC poll , 43 percent of voters labeled themselves independents .
Democrats should ask why , this summer , the vaunted Obama machine and e-mail list inspired virtually none of his supporters to attend town meetings , compared to opponents , who inspired masses to dominate the summer debate .
ADVERTISEMENT
Republicans should ask why they still lag behind Democrats in polls , while they become a party that honors those who promote fanatical hatred toward the president that is ominous and dangerous to the nation , and turns off those who decide elections .
Here is how Obama blew it : Many Americans who endured the pain of a rip - off recession now endure the pain of a rip - off recovery .
For them , life under a
Democratic president and Congress means trading one rip - off for another , giving them neither hope , nor change , nor an end to their pain .
2008 was a 1932 moment .
But the power of eloquence ends when the reality of people ’s lives does not change .
If a president reads a book about Franklin Roosevelt and then names Timothy Geithner to the Treasury , America gets Geithner , not Roosevelt , and more status quo , not change .
Under Obama , as under George W. Bush , we will have banner headlines about historic Christmas bonuses for bankers and Wall Street that will enflame the nation , alongside headlines about 10 percent unemployment , declining home values , mounting foreclosures , skyrocketing credit card rates and a war that will require more troops without a plan for success .
Generations of Americans will pay for the bailouts , while those who took them have historic paydays and those who pay for them endure the pain under Obama , as they did under Bush .
The difference between realignment , which is dead , and dealignment , which has arrived , is that many Americans remember life under the most unpopular Republican president in a generation and compare it to life under a Democratic president with large majorities in Congress — and for them , life has not gotten better , and for some , it has gotten worse .
The last epic realignment battle began in 1968 and was won by Republicans with a majority that began with Nixon and lasted through Reagan and Bush 41 .
Kevin Phillips forecast this in his book The Emerging Republican Majority .
He argued that white working - class voters would swing from Democrats to the new Republican majority .
They were called the silent majority and Reagan Democrats .
In 1968 , the battle was between Robert Kennedy , who fought to unite working - class whites and minority voters over shared economic interests , and Nixon , who sought to divide them over social and cultural issues .
Kennedy tragically died .
Nixon tragically won .
Reagan cemented the new alignment .
In 2008 , Obama could have been the FDR or Robert Kennedy of our times .
He campaigned for this and was elected for this .
He inspired waves of participation , registration and turnout .
He united young people , blacks , Hispanics , women and working - class whites with victories in Ohio , Indiana , North Carolina and other states .
Obama , like Reagan , could have cemented this realignment by governing as a fighting champion of the extraordinary coalition of the alienated and hopeful who elected him , but has not .
He has governed as a standard - issue Democrat achieving standard - issue results , leaving intact a litany of abuses that impose pain on our people , restoring a political status quo with a Democratic advantage rather than a new realigned and historic majority .
His speech about Wall Street this week only highlights what has not been achieved since Inauguration Day .
Now the bailout rage has bipartisan targets .
The president has achieved largely status quo results on the whole swath of finance , Wall Street , banking , bailout , lending , credit card , foreclosure and mortgage issues , with near 10 percent of the nation jobless , which leaves realignment dead until real change arrives .
With Republicans looking like the Party of No that tolerates the politics of hate , the voters reject them as well .
The huge tide of participation for Democrats in 2008 has become a new tide of political independence in 2009 .
We have entered a volatile moment .
The president can still seize the mantle of fighting for great change uniting a broad coalition behind common interests .
But until this fight is finally waged for real , realignment is dead , dealignment will prevail and neither party will win the broad confidence of the nation .
Budowsky was an aide to former Sen. Lloyd Bentsen and Bill Alexander , then chief deputy majority whip of the House .
He holds an LL.M. degree in international financial law from the London School of Economics .
He can be read on The Hill ’s Pundits Blog and reached at brentbbi@webtv.net .
At the Mises Circle meeting in Seattle last month attendees were given a book titled Inclined to Liberty , written by Louis Carabini and published by the Ludwig von Mises Institute ( 2008 ) .
This 106 - page book has 34 chapters containing titles such as " The Astonishing Greatness of Inequality , " " The Hazard of Equalizing Consequences , " and " The Disastrous Lessons of Social Engineering . "
Most of them are two to four pages long .
The longest one , titled " The False Lure of Democracy , " is six pages .
This book explains the nature of liberty in a clear and concise fashion .
It brings to mind Henry Hazlitt ’s masterful 206 - page Economics in One Lesson ( 1946 ; revised edition , 1979 ) .
Hazlitt ’s lesson is this : " Economics is a science of tracing the effects of some proposed or existing policy not only on some special interest in the short run , but on the general interest in the long run . "
The subtitle for the book in its revised 1979 paperback edition is The Shortest and Surest Way to Understand Basic Economics .
The same could be said for Inclined to Liberty , with it being the shortest and surest way to understand liberty .
A fitting title for Louis Carabini ’s book would be Liberty in One Lesson .
I might summarize the book ’s lesson , in one sentence , this way :
The human spirit aspires to liberty , and given liberty and freedom human action produces prosperity spontaneously — without ( and unconstrained by ) central planning .
In the last chapter , " On the Nature of Liberty , " Carabini writes , " Liberty is not a battle that requires the conversion of others in order to win .
Liberty is won when you accept the idea that you are the sole master of your life ; when your life is subordinate to none , and no other life is subordinate to yours .
When you accept that you are liberated .
There will always be those who will claim to be your master , but you will know otherwise .
For a libertarian paying tribute to Caesar may make sense , but believing that tribute is Caesar ’s due does not ! "
Inclined to Liberty Louis E. Carabini Best Price : $ 0.10 Buy New $ 1.99 ( as of 07:25 EST - Details )
In 2004 Louis Carabini , founder ( in 1967 ) of Monex , a precious metals trading company , hosted a dinner party for two local college professors " sympathetic to socialism , and even Marxism " that a friend knew .
As expected , a lively evening ensued .
Inclined to Liberty addresses various propositions these left - liberal academics offered that evening , such as " No one should be allowed to own a yacht , " " The salaries of company executives are too high , " and " No one should be allowed to inherit wealth . "
Economics in One Lesso ...
Hazlitt , Henry Best Price : $ 2.43 Buy New $ 7.43 ( as of 12:35 EST - Details )
One statement , in particular , that one of the professors made , which most intrigued the author and prompted him to write this book , was : " It is not fair that companies can terminate their workers just to increase profits . "
In rejoinder , Carabini writes , " If an employer is prevented from terminating employees to increase profits or reduce losses , the employer will be reluctant to hire them in the first place .
In essence , if you ca n’t fire , you do n’t hire . "
Taken to its logical conclusion , the socialist professor does not want employers to be able to hire employees in order to make a profit , either .
In Economics in One Lesson , after stating the lesson in the first chapter Hazlitt then applies it to a variety of economic topics such as tariffs , minimum wage , rent control , taxes , unions , profits , saving , credit , unemployment , and price controls , among other things .
Carabini takes a similar approach in Inclined to Liberty in examining liberty ’s lessons regarding wealth , inequality , inheritance , democracy , division of labor , jobs , and prosperity .
With regard to wealth , Carabini writes , " As the number of billionaires increases , many egalitarians will moan about u2018how sad that is , ’ while in reality the greater the number of billionaires , the better off we all will be , collectively .
The wealth of billionaires represents revolutionary ideas that come from exceptional individuals who push technology , create and facilitate markets , invent ways to increase productivity , or entertain us in new ways . "
He adds , " Take away the glory of wealth , and we lose the millions upon millions of entrepreneurs , inventors , and pioneers who would not have staked their skills , hard work , and chances to become one of the few moguls of industry who improve our well - being . "
Carabini also points out that for a society to prosper such people must be at liberty to spend , invest , or bequeath their wealth as they see fit .
As he puts it , " An essential part of the incentive to acquire assets is the underlying sense that the holder of those assets has the ability to control their disbursement ; otherwise earnings would be meaningless . "
The author shows that attempts to redistribute and equalize wealth only results in making everyone poorer .
When divided into quintiles ( ranking the population into five equal segments from lowest to highest ) the percentage distribution of income for each quintile of the population in a given country remains essentially the same .
The highest quintile ( twenty percent ) acquires 47 percent of national income and the lowest quintile ( twenty percent ) , 6 percent , irrespective of a country ’s level of per capita income .
As studies show , the per capita dollar income increases dramatically in each quintile as a country ’s level of freedom increases .
Inclined to Liberty shows why socialism ’s quest for economic equality is futile .
So it goes , in making the case for liberty , with all of the topics Louis Carabini covers in this remarkable book .
I highly recommend it .
( Inclined to Liberty is also available as a ( free ) PDF e-book on mises.org and also on the book ’s website , inclinedtoliberty.com . )
October 12 , 2009
The Best of Donald Miller
The Best of Donald W. Miller , Jr. , MD
By Daniel Emery
Technology reporter , BBC News
The Pirate Bay 's new owners say file - sharing will be encouraged
The new owners of file - sharing website The Pirate Bay say users will be paid for sharing files .
Global Gaming Factory ( GGF ) paid 60 m kronor ( £ 4.7 m ) to take over the site .
In an exclusive interview with the BBC , GGF's Hans Pandeya said that the only way to beat illegal file - sharing was to make something more attractive .
" We are going to set up a system where the file - sharer actually makes money , " he said .
According to Mr Pandeya , GGF 's chief executive , the business model for The Pirate Bay would be that it continued to be a file - sharing site .
The only difference - at least in terms of content - would be that the files would be hosted legally , rather than stolen from copyright holders .
" We 're a listed company so everything we do has to be legal ; content providers need to be paid and have their wishes and demands met , " he said .
Freebie beater Mr Pandeya said that one of the biggest hurdles in overcoming illegal file - sharing was that there was zero cost to the users , while legitimate sites required users to pay for content .
The only way to make something more attractive than free was to pay users to share files .
" More than half of all internet traffic is file sharing and P2P [ peer - to - peer ] traffic and buying Pirate Bay gives us one of the biggest sources of traffic .
" We can then use this massive network of file - sharers to help [ internet service providers ] reduce overload .
" Let 's say a popular song comes out .
Rather than a million downloads from a site - which would cause a considerable strain on that ISP - we can take that song and put it out on P2P .
" The copyright holder still gets paid , the users still get their file , the ISP does n't have a million people all grabbing a file and - for the users who share that song - a payment for putting that file on the P2P network . "
Mr Pandeya said that while they would be paying content providers and file sharers , there was money to be made from helping ISPs cope with overload .
" We 've been working with ISPs for over a year and we can cut their costs - when the system becomes overloaded - by 90 % .
" All ISPs have this problem and it is one we can fix , " he said .
Computer grid
The company is also looking at harnessing the storage capacity and processing power of the file - sharing community , creating a powerful grid of P2P - linked computers .
" We 're talking about next - gen file sharing so you can create revenue from storage and internet traffic optimisation , " he said .
However , GGF said that the technology to drive this was still in its infancy .
" This technology is new .
For now , we 're outlining our intentions and asking users to have faith , " said Mr Pandeya
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Now , I understand that a lot of you may be wondering -- $ 50,000 spread across 66 candidates does n't really seem like a lot .
But the truth is that regardless of how many candidates it 's spread across , the cumulative number of how much we 've raised for this initiative is being represented by the media as a symbol of a new drive from the left on the issue of healthcare .
Not to mention -- for many of these candidates , it does matter .
You can bet that Eric Massa in NY - 29 will know where that extra thousand bucks is from .
And for a lot of the Congressmembers on that list , this is the first time they have ever received money through ActBlue .
Will they notice ?
Well , I 'll let ActBlue employee KansasNate speak to that :
When candidates receive ActBlue money , each contribution comes with the page name and URL on ActBlue .
Especially in this case ( where most of these folks do n't often get a lot of ActBlue money ) you can be sure they will notice .
But more importantly : $ 50,000 in just a few hours can generate some great media coverage .
And to let you know how effective we 've been so far , I 'm excerpting three of the news articles that have been written about this endeavor .
First , from CBS , Liberal Netroots " Rewarding " Public Option Supporters :
Internet - based liberal grassroots groups are taking a page from traditional lobbying playbooks in order to influence the health care debate , by " rewarding " members of Congress who have committed to including a government - sponsored health insurance plan , or " public option , " into health care reform legislation .
The liberal blog FireDogLake sent an e-mail to its subscribers Monday , asking them to " reward good behavior . "
Yesterday , a number of congressmen sent a letter to the Obama administration saying they would only vote for a health care reform bill that includes a public option .
" For two months , we 've been working hard to get members of Congress to draw a line in the sand : no public option , no health care reform , " says the e-mail from FireDogLake 's Jane Hamsher .
" Yesterday , they did it .
This is exactly the kind of spine we need to see from Congress ...
These 65 Democrats need to be commended for doing the right thing . "
The author of this piece must have attended Netroots Nation - - because she quotes Darcy Burner 's statements from an NN09 panel discussion !
And this , from Plum Line .
Blue America Raises Over $ 40,000 For Public Option —
In A Few Hours :
One thing to keep an eye on : Whether the White House ’s apparent softening of support for the public option has the effect of galvanizing the pro-reform forces in a way that allows them to hijack the conversation the way the Tea Party brigade did for a couple of weeks .
Case in point :
The top fundraising page right now on ActBlue , the online fundraising clearinghouse for Dems , is for House Dems who have pledged to only support health care reform with a public option :
The congressmembers on this list have said in no uncertain terms that they will not vote for a bill without a public option all the way through Conference .
That takes courage , and we need to show them how much we appreciate them for doing so .
Please make a contribution– and thanks for everything else you ’re doing for the public option .
And lastly , and perhaps most importantly , Ben Smith at Politico has weighed in -- The Left , Energized :
Another indicator : the progressive fundraising site ActBlue is hosting a burgeoning " Standing up for the Public Option " drive , and has raised more than $ 46,000 so far today for members of Congress who back a public option .
The Progressive Change Campaign Committee has raised another $ 50,000 for an ad pushing Ben Nelson on the issue .
Where this leaves the legislation is anyone 's guess at this point .
But while the fervor on the right rose quicker , the next wave seems to be coming from the left .
The bottom line is that today , you are making a HUGE difference for the public option .
But we need the momentum to continue .
PLEASE make a difference by adding your voice and contribution to give a carrot to the members of Congress who are committed to the Public Option .
And if you do n't have a lot to give and want to make sure your money goes to the most endangered , this post at FDL's Campaign Silo shows you the PVI of every single person on this list , so you can target your contributions to the most endangered .
Thanks for everything you 're doing for a robust public option .
UPDATE : The page is now at over $ 52,000 .
Contribute here .
ALSO : Join our Facebook group , Carrots , not sticks .
And go sign the DFA Petition thanking our healthcare heroes .
LASTLY : When you contribute , be sure to leave a tip for ActBlue .
The reason this is possible is because of the infrastructure they developed .
Reward them appropriately .
UPDATE : We now stand at over $ 60,000 raised on the page through over 900 contributors .
But I 'm GREEDY .
I want to see at least 1,000 contributors , and $ 75,000 if we can get there .
Ambitious , I know .
UPDATE 2 : currently , we 're at over 1300 contributors and nearly $ 92,500 raised .
I 'd love to see us break that $ 100,000 mark .
A marriage certificate with the signature of Robert Emmet that was found at the Dublin Unitarian Church on St. Stephen ’s Green was opened to the public Sunday .
The Irish rebel leader signed the marriage certificate of his sister Mary - Ann , and the document went undiscovered for over 200 years until Unitarian minister Bridget Spain was cleaning out a cupboard and unearthed the certificate , which is of significant historical importance as it is one of only a few remaining to contain his signature .
" We know our congregation was very much involved in the Society of United Irishmen during the 1790s , when it counted Robert Emmet as one of its members , and it is a particular pleasure to rediscover this important memento of those times , " said Spain at the ceremony at the church on Sunday .
" The names of William Drennan , Archibald Hamilton Rowan and other less well - known United Irishmen also appear in our records , which have been donated to the Royal Irish Academy , "
The unveiling took place on the 206th anniversary of Emmet ’s death , and Phillip Emmet , who descends from Thomas Addis Emmet , a brother of Robert ’s , officiated the ceremony .
Emmet led an unsuccessful revolt in Dublin in 1803 and was later tried and executed .
Before Emmet was executed he made a famous speech when he said the following :
“ When my country takes her place among the nations of the earth , then and not till then , let my epitaph be written . ”
I ’ve just uploaded to Hackage Data .
Binary 0.5.0.2 which contains some good performance improvements for binary parser users .
Data .
Binary is a popular serialization library for Haskell , which uses Get and Put monads to efficiently translate Haskell structures to and from lazy bytestrings ( basically , byte streams ) in a pure style .
It is used by 85 other packages on Hackage , for everything from network packet parsing , trie container types , network traffic analysis , to web server state persistance , and high speed cryptography .
As a refresher , recall that Binary provides both a Get and Put monadic environment .
The Put monad gives you a locally scoped “ buffer filling ” mode , where calls to ‘ put ’ implicitly append values to a buffer .
A sequence of ‘ puts ’ is a pure computation that returns a bytestring at the end .
Like so :
runPut :: Put -> ByteString -- runPut takes a serializer code fragment , -- and uses it to fill a bytestring with bytes .
Data .
Binary > runPut ( do put 2 ; put ( Just 7 ) ; put " hello " ) " \NUL\NUL\NUL\NUL\STX\SOH\NUL\NUL\NUL\NUL\a \NUL\NUL\NUL\NUL\NUL\NUL\NUL\ENQhello "
You can also stream these into the zlib binding to gain on the fly compression ( via bzlib or zlib ) .
Conversely , you can parse Haskell data from binary formats , using the ‘ Get ’ monad .
Given a bytestring stream , parse it into some Haskell structure :
runGet :: Get a -> ByteString -> a -- runGet takes a binary parser , a bytestring , -- and returns some ' a ' parsed from the bytesting .
Data .
Binary .
Get > let s = pack " \NUL\NUL\NUL\NUL\STX\SOH
\NUL\NUL\NUL\NUL\a\NUL\NUL\NUL\NUL\NUL\NUL\NUL\ENQhello " Data .
Binary .
Get > runGet ( do a <- get b <- get c <- get return ( a :: Integer , b :: Maybe Integer , c :: String ) ) s ( 2, Just 7 , " hello " )
There are also default Get and Put parsers and serializers in the Binary type classes , which provides ‘ encode ’ and ‘ decode ’ methods :
encode :: Binary a => a -> ByteString decode :: Binary a => ByteString -> a
Binary is used for heavy lifting binary wire protocol parsing and writing .
As such it needs to be very fast .
It uses aggressive inlining , careful data representations , specialization , and some interesting monadic representation transformations , to ensure GHC can optimize user - supplied parsers well .
The changes , thanks to Simon Marlow , are two - fold , and improve the performance of reading into Haskell data structures by about 40 % .
Firstly , the underlying Get monad representation is changed from :
newtype Get a = Get { unGet :: S -> ( a , S ) }
to
newtype Get a = Get { unGet :: S -> ( # a , S # ) }
That is , we use an explict stack / register allocated unboxed tuple to return the parsed value from the parser .
This allows GHC to more aggressively optimize code containing repeated reads from the parser state .
( As an aside , we also looked at a continuation - based encoding of the Get monad , but there is no performance win due to the very simple tuple return type , which GHC is already able to decompose nicely .
Continuation encodings are more useful if we returned , say , an Either ) .
Secondly , the monadic bind for the Get monad is now strict .
Moving from an explicitly lazy :
m >>= k = Get ( \s -> let ( a , s ' ) = unGet m s in unGet ( k a ) s ' ) to : m >>= k = Get $ \s -> case unGet m s of ( # a , s ' # ) -> unGet ( k a ) s '
This seems to also improve the kind of code GHC generates , which coalescing of repeated reads into straight line code without tests .
Overall , there is no user - visible change to Data .
Binary , as only the monadic plumbing has been modified .
Your code should just get faster .
Parsing streams of Word64s on my laptop goes from ~ 100 M / s to 140M /s .
Tamiflu - resistant bird flu kills 2 in Vietnam / Experts assess how findings may affect use of antiviral drug
Two teenagers who died of avian influenza in Vietnam earlier this year developed drug - resistant strains of the virus during treatment with Tamiflu , raising questions about the world 's reliance on the pills as the first line of defense against a potential flu pandemic .
A report published in today 's issue of the New England Journal of Medicine tells of the resistant strains and also describes how four other Vietnamese patients treated with Tamiflu , or oseltamivir , recovered after the drug appeared to have knocked down the H5N1 bird flu virus in their bloodstreams .
The report offers the most detailed clinical findings to date of Tamiflu treatment against bird flu , and it highlights both the promise and drawbacks of the drug that many nations are now stockpiling in case the H5N1 virus mutates into a form that transmits readily among people .
" This is valuable information , " said University of Virginia flu researcher Dr. Frederick Hayden , a leading expert in antiviral flu treatments .
" It 's an important scientific contribution that points out the limits of our current therapy , but also gives hope . "
The Bush administration announced plans last month for federal and state purchases of 75 million doses of Tamiflu to have on hand by 2007 -- at a $ 1.4 billion estimated cost .
Dr. Anthony Fauci , director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases , said the development of Tamiflu - resistant strains of H5N1 was " completely predictable , " and he sees no reason to back away from stockpiling the drug .
" At this point in time , it 's the best drug we have , " he said .
In a commentary accompanying the study , Dr. Anne Moscona of Cornell University warned that the emergence of drug - resistant strains of avian influenza was " a matter of immediate concern . "
" It is becoming clear that more medication than the currently recommended doses may be required for adequate treatment , " she wrote .
But , with Tamiflu in short supply worldwide , each increase in the 10 - pill , five - day regimen means that even less of the drug will be available from global stockpiles if more pills are required for each successful treatment .
The Vietnamese study was led by Dr. Jeremy Farrar of the Oxford University Clinical Research Unit , at the Hospital for Tropical Diseases in Ho Chi Minh City , where seven of the eight patients in the study were treated .
Much of the article focused on the case of a 13 - year - old girl whose mother had just died of avian influenza .
Because bird flu was suspected , the girl was treated with Tamiflu one day after she developed a fever and cough .
Although the drug has been used frequently in bird flu cases , it has seldom been prescribed until it is too late to be of much help .
Animal studies suggest that the drug needs to be taken within 48 hours of the start of a flu bout to be most effective , but patients in Southeast Asia seldom reach a hospital until they 've been sick for a week .
Four days into the girl 's Tamiflu treatment , her health began to decline , and three days later she died .
Genetic fingerprints of virus taken from her four days after treatment began showed a single mutation that makes it resistant to Tamiflu .
An 18 - year - old girl also treated with the drug in January 2005 died 20 days into her illness , and she too tested positive for the resistant strain .
Two other patients in the study also died despite Tamiflu treatment , but showed no signs of resistant virus .
Tamiflu resistance has been documented in one previous study -- that of a Vietnamese girl who had taken the drug while healthy in a failed bid to prevent infection with the same virus that had afflicted her family .
She was sickened by a resistant strain , but fully recovered .
Four patients treated with Tamiflu in the latest study also recovered , and tests showed their improved health coincided with " rapid declines to undetectable levels " of their viral infections .
Terry Hurley , a spokesman for Tamiflu maker Roche , said viral resistance remains rare and might be controlled by adjustments in the treatments .
Another antiviral drug , Relenza , has also been shown in animal studies to suppress avian influenza -- and researchers say it has a chemical structure that makes it less prone to generate resistant strains .
The federal government has ordered 84,000 doses for the stockpile .
However , Relenza is costlier to produce , and must be inhaled -- a process that is known to cause problems for patients prone to respiratory problems .
