If there were a Nobel Prize for Theology , large parts of President Barack Obama ’s Oslo speech could be cut and pasted into an acceptance speech for it .
The Peace Prize speech dealt with war and he made a clear case from the start for the use of force when necessary .
While he began with political arguments for this position , his rationale took on an increasingly religious tone as the speech echoed faith leaders and theologians going back to the origins of Christianity .
It started with a hat - tip to Rev. Martin Luther King when he said “ our actions matter , and can bend history in the direction of justice ” — echoes of King ’s 25 March 1965 Montgomery speech saying “ the arc of the moral universe is long , but it bends toward justice . ”
Obama then went into the “ just war ” theory that says war is justified only if it is a last resort or self - defense , if force is proportional to the threat and civilians are spared if possible .
This is a classic Christian doctrine elaborated by Saint Augustine in the fifth century and then by Thomas Aquinas in the 13th .
In 2003 , Pope John Paul II used this doctrine to justify his opposition to the invasion of Iraq .
Obama noted that this doctrine was “ rarely observed ” but called for new ways of thinking “ about the notions of just war and the imperatives of a just peace …
Where force is necessary , we have a moral and strategic interest in binding ourselves to certain rules of conduct . ”
The president used the “ just war ” theory to put a theological interpretation on Islamist militancy , saying that “ no Holy War can ever be a just war .
For if you truly believe that you are carrying out divine will , then there is no need for restraint — no need to spare the pregnant mother , or the medic , or even a person of one ’s own faith .
Such a warped view of religion is not just incompatible with the concept of peace , but the purpose of faith . ”
Then came the echoes of the man Obama has called one of his favourite thinkers , the 20th century American Protestant theologian Reinhold Niebuhr .
The whole speech had a tone that American political commentators like to call Niebuhrian , either in its phrasing or its tough mix of political realism and moral thinking .
For example :
— “ We must begin by acknowledging the hard truth that we will not eradicate violent conflict in our lifetimes ” — Obama ( ” Nothing worth doing is completed in our lifetime ” — Niebuhr ) .
— “ I face the world as it is , and cannot stand idle in the face of threats to the American people ” — Obama ( We take , and must continue to take , morally hazardous actions to preserve our civilization .
We must exercise our power — Niebuhr ) .
— “ We do not have to think that human nature is perfect for us to still believe that the human condition can be perfected ” — Obama ( “ The sad duty of politics is to establish justice in a sinful world ” — Niebuhr ) .
Building up to his crescendo , Obama recalled the Christian virtues expounded by Saint Paul :
— Faith : he spoke out for the faith in human progress that Mahatma Gandhi and Martin Luther King showed : “ If we lose that faith — if we dismiss it as silly or naive , if we divorce it from the decisions that we make on issues of war and peace — then we lose what is best about humanity .
We lose our sense of possibility .
We lose our moral compass . ”
— Hope : “ The absence of hope can rot a society from within . ”
— Love : “ The one rule that lies at the heart of every major religion is that we do unto others as we would have them do unto us .
Adhering to this law of love has always been the core struggle of human nature . ”
The tone remained religious right to the end : “ So let us reach for the world that ought to be — that spark of the divine that still stirs within each of our souls . ”
What do you think about such religious discourse from a political leader ?
Does it help clarify the issues involved ?
Follow FaithWorld on Twitter at RTRFaithWorld
Here ’s a short video of Obama ’s speech :
A few weeks ago , we wrote a post about Religious Right groups getting all worked up about an ad campaign being run by the American Humanist Association proclaiming “ No God ?
No problem .
Be good for goodness ’ sake . ”
Last night Alan Colmes had the AHA ’s David Niose on the program to debate Andrea Lafferty of the Traditional Values Coalition and it went pretty much as you would expect .
Lafferty ’s primary point was that if the AHA , and nonbelievers in general , want others to think they are good people , they should n’t be running ad campaigns but instead take that money and give it to the poor , or military families , or people who are out of work .
In this economy , Lafferty asserted , it was just wasteful for groups like AHA to spend money on an ad campaign .
Of course , over the last few months , right - wing groups have spent millions of dollars fighting marriage equality in Maine , New Jersey , and New York instead of donating it to poor children … but apparently that is different .
Lafferty also accused the AHA of targeting Christians by running the ads during the Holiday season and wanted to know why they were n’t targeting Islam , which she asserted “ was not a religion ” but actually a “ geo-political movement ” :
Chang W. Lee / The New York Times
Times reporters David Waldstein , Tyler Kepner , Ben Shpigel , Jack Curry and Richard Sandomir provided updates and analysis during Game 6 of the Yankees - Phillies World Series in the Bronx .
A season of redemption came to its conclusion Wednesday night for the Yankees , who beat the Philadelphia Phillies , 7 - 3 , in Game 6 of the 2009 World Series .
The victory gave the Yankees their 27th championship , a quest nine years in the making .
Hideki Matsui , who may have played his last game as a Yankee , became the first Japanese - born player to win the Most Valuable Player award .
He led the Yankees ’ offense with a record - tying night — he had a home run , a double , a single and six runs batted in — and Andy Pettitte , who also may have played his last game in pinstripes , handled the pitching chores on three days ’ rest .
Pettitte , a veteran left - hander , threw five and two - thirds solid innings , allowing three runs on four hits .
He earned his fifth World Series ring with his second victory of the 105th World Series , which began and ended in the Bronx , in the first year of the new Yankee Stadium .
Yankees Manager Joe Girardi , who last season failed to take the team to the postseason in his first year in charge , became the first Yankees manager not named Joe Torre to win a World Series in 31 years .
He was questioned for going with a three - man rotation in the postseason , but it worked perfectly as the Yankees went 11 - 4 and outpitched and outplayed the opposition .
Alex Rodriguez , who has faced withering criticism over his 16 - year career for never having ultimate success in the postseason , won his first championship , and although he did n’t do much in the World Series , he carried the Yankees through the first two rounds of the playoffs .
General Manager Brian Cashman , who has been blamed for various moves since the Yankees last won the World Series , in 2000 , signed C.C. Sabathia , Mark Teixeira and A.J. Burnett over the winter with money from the Steinbrenner family chest .
It proved to be the difference , and Cashman stood behind Girardi after his disappointing inaugural season .
Matsui , who joined the Yankees in 2003 , when they lost to the Florida Marlins in the World Series , tied Bobby Richardson ’s record of six R.B.I. in a World Series game .
He went 3 for 4 and finished the series with six hits in his final nine at - bats , including three home runs .
Pedro Martinez did not pitch well for the Phillies , allowing four runs on three hits in four innings , including Matsui ’s home run in the second and his two - run single in the third .
Mariano Rivera , who was on the mound at Shea Stadium the last time the Yankees won the World Series , secured the final five outs , although he did not get his third save of the World Series because of the four - run lead .
Rivera , along with Derek Jeter , Jorge Posada and Pettitte , won his fifth championship with the Yankees . — DW
The on - field celebration of the Yankees ’ 7 - 3 victory was properly covered by Fox as a team event , not one replete with crowd shots .
After Shane Victorino grounded out to end the game , Fox showed the pulsing group of Yankees who gathered and jumped in the infield .
They were seen from 10 different angles before the first cut was made to the Phillies ’ dugout .
A subsequent sequence of 10 more replays of the final out culminated with isolated shots of Derek Jeter , Mariano Rivera , Alex Rodriguez and Jorge Posada . — RS
We go to the ninth inning .
Three more outs ,
Yankees fans , and we do n’t expect a repeat of Game 7 , 2001 .
It ’s starting to looking a lot like 2000 at Yankee Stadium .
— DW
After Fox cameras at Yankee Stadium showed a montage of celebrities in the crowd — Jimmy Fallon , Kurt Russell , Donald Trump , Regis Philbin and Spike Lee , Joe Buck said : “ I ’ll give Spike credit ; he wore all that Yankee stuff in Philadelphia . ”
What else would he be wearing and why should he get credit for sporting exactly what a sports fan would expect him to wear ?
Whether in New York or Philadelphia , Lee is instantly recognizable as a film director and obsessed New York sports fan , most notably , even infamously , of the Knicks .
It would make little sense for Lee to act unobtrusively in Citizens Bank Park .
After all , he showed up in Knicks regalia at a hostile Market Square Arena in Indianapolis during those heated mid-1990s Knicks - Pacers playoff series .
— RS
Mariano Rivera is coming into the game with one out in the eighth inning , so game over .
Marte certainly did his job and then some .
He struck out Utley in the seventh and he just struck out Howard , who is now the official World Series strikeout king with 13 .
Willie Wilson is off the hook .
— DW
Incredible as it may seem , Eyre struck out Matsui , thanks in part to Gorman , who once again called a check swing a strike from third base .
Here ’s some numbers on Matsui :
He has eight R.B.I. in the Series , the most for a Yankee since Reggie Jackson had eight in both the 1977 and 1978 World Series .
Matsui ( Mr. October - san ) has six hits in his last nine at - bats , with two singles , a double and three home runs .
It ’s 7 - 3 , Yankees , in the top of the eighth .
Marte , who relieved Chamberlain with two outs in the seventh , is back on the mound for the Yankees .
— DW
Matsui is coming to bat again in the seventh inning , so the Phillies are bringing in the left - hander Scott Eyre to face him , as if that ’s going to do anything .
One more R.B.I. and Matsui breaks Bobby Richardson ’s World Series record of six .
He gets a huge ovation as he comes to the plate .
— DW
Marte strikes out Utley on an appealed check - swing , third - strike call by the third base umpire Brian Gorman , and the threat is over .
Marte , Girardi ’s new left - handed specialist , first threw a fastball low and outside for strike one , then looped a curveball in for strike two .
Gutsy pitching .
Ryan Howard will be up first in the eighth , so Marte could stay in , with Rivera possibly ready to come in soon after .
— DW
Joba Chamberlain is still on the mound for the Yankees .
With a four - run lead , he ’ll get some latitude before the Yankees call on Mariano Rivera to close it out .
Chamberlain looks strong , but we wrote those very words right before he gave up the home run in Game 4 .
And what do you know , Carlos Ruiz singled .
Chamberlain walked Victorino , so the left - hander Damaso Marte is coming in to face Utley .
Utley has five home runs in the series , four of them off left - handers .
Two on , two outs in the seventh .
7 - 3 , Yankees . — DW
With the Yankees leading , 7 - 3 , it ’s reasonable to think that they will win tonight and that a trophy ceremony in their clubhouse will follow .
If the middle relievers do n’t melt down , it will be the first World Series celebrated since 1996 with George Steinbrenner in a full public retreat .
No doubt , his son Hal Steinbrenner will accept the Commissioner ’s Trophy , made by Tiffany & Company , with Randy Levine , the team president , and Lonn Trost , the chief operating officer , alongside him .
A Bossless celebration reminded me of something he said to me six years ago amidst rumors he might retire : ” I did n’t say I ’d step aside , but there will come a time in the not - too - distant future when I ’m going to step aside and let the young elephants in the tent . ”
He added , “ What I mean is that the young elephants , the young sons and the son - in - law , will be more and more active . ”
The elephants , it appears , have arrived in the Bronx . — RS
Jed Jacobsohn / Getty Images
With Chase Utley on base after a walk in the sixth , Ryan Howard hit an opposite - field home run on a pitch high and on the outer third of the plate .
The score is 7 - 3 .
Pettitte struck out Jayson Werth looking , but Raul Ibanez doubled , and that ’s all for Pettitte .
Joba Chamberlain is on the hill warming up .
Pettitte received a loud standing ovation .
The fans erupted as he jogged off and then gave a wave with his cap .
Was that Pettitte ’s last pitch as a Yankee ?
Hopefully not .
— DW
Hideki Matsui ties Bobby Richardson ’s record for R.B.I. in a World Series game , with six .
— TK , via Twitter
The reigning World ’s Most Dangerous Hitter just whacked one off the wall for a two - run double .
Matsui now has a two - run homer , a two - run single and a two - run double for six R.B.I. as the Yankees lead , 7 - 1. M.V.P.? — DW
Chad Durbin is gone and the left - hander J.A. Happ is on the mound to face Matsui , the most dangerous hitter in the world at this moment .
— DW
The Yankees are now up , 5 - 1 . Jeter led off with a ground - rule double against reliever Chad Durbin , and moved to third on a sacrifice by Hairston .
Teixeira then singled to right to drive in Jeter .
Martinez could have done that .
— DW
Pettitte is really pitching well .
He gave up a one - out walk to Ruiz , but got Rollins to hit into a double play , so he ’s safe through five .
As for Martinez , he ’s done , allowing four runs in four innings .
Chad Durbin is pitching now , which is too bad because A ) we do n’t get to see Pedro walk off the mound to a serenade of “ Who ’s Your Daddy ? ” and B ) because he would have had to face Hairston , who hits him well .
I asked Hairston on Tuesday if Martinez had ever thrown at him and Hairston said he had .
“ He ’s buzzed the tower a few times , ” he said .
But Hairston said he did n’t mind because his grandfather , a former major leaguer , used to throw at Jerry Jr. in the backyard to toughen him up .
“ I got used to it , ” he said .
“ I am not afraid of getting hit at all . ” — DW
Good lipreading by Tim McCarver :
In the fourth , Andy Pettitte lowered his glove from his mouth , spoke to catcher Jorge Posada , and McCarver said , “ Looked like he said , ‘ back door slider . ’ ” That appeared to be the pitch to Pedro Feliz ( mlb.com ‘s Gameday said it was a cutter ) .
McCarver said the “ problem was that the hitter sees it , too . ”
Of course .
( In the bottom half of the fourth , he returned to the sequence and amended what he thought Pettitte said to , “ Back door cutter . ” )
The lipreading raised an unanswered question :
What sort of semaphoric miscommunication would prompt Pettitte to announce his pitch selection rather than choose from a selection of Posada ’s fingers ?
— RS
Andy Pettitte just pitched his way out of a jam after walking two men with two outs .
He finally got Pedro Feliz to ground out to Alex Rodriguez , but it looked as if he had thrown four strikes to Raul Ibanez first .
O.K. , enough whining about the umpiring .
Pettitte has thrown 62 pitches .
The Yankees still lead , 4 - 1 , and Pedro Martinez is still in the game .
Can he really last beyond this inning ?
Chad Durbin is warming up . — DW
One thing about Andy Pettitte : even though his command is not as precise as he may like , he is not giving the Phillies anything good to hit .
The slider he used to strike out Utley probably would have been a called strike on the outside edge — a tough pitch for a left - handed hitter .
But at the same time , Pettitte seems to be getting squeezed a little bit , but at least the plate umpire Joe West has been consistent : the 2 - 0 fastball to Pedro Feliz that was called a strike hit the same corner ( or at least West thought it did ) as Martinez ’s called third strike to A - Rod in the third .
— BS
An analyst can enter a danger zone by being too precise in his assertions and having them proved wrong .
Not that analysts should n’t go out on a limb , but appearing close to being dogmatic can be risky .
In the second inning , Tim McCarver said that Pedro Martinez was “ pretty much ” locked into an 85 m.p.h. fastball .
“ If you do n’t have a fastball in the first couple of innings , it wo n’t get much faster , ” he said .
But subsequent pitches climbed to 86 , 87 and 88 m.p.h. and , by the third inning , to 90 m.p.h .
Not Nolan Ryan fire — and not all that meaningful , because the Yankees were leading , 4 - 1 . But Joe Buck noticed , saying , “ So his velocity has steadily gotten better ” after Hideki Matsui slammed a 90 m.p.h. fastball foul in the third .
— RS
Al Bello / Getty Images
Johnny Damon has left the game with a strained calf , which he injured running home on Matsui ’s two - run single in the third .
Jerry Hairston Jr. is in left and batting second .
— DW
Quiz time :
What ’s better , a two - run homer or a two - out single with the bases loaded ?
Same thing , and Matsui has them both .
He just stroked a high fastball to center to drive in Jeter and Damon , and the Yankees lead by 4 - 1 .
Matsui has all four runs batted in .
Again , the Yankees have to keep Matsui .
This can not be his last game as a Yankee . — DW
A - Rod strikes out looking ( Joe West will call those pitches on that side of the plate , as long as they are down ) , but here comes Matsui , looking for his third home run against Martinez … or just a base hit .
— DW
Martinez just hit Mark Teixeira to load the bases with one out in the third inning , with A - Rod coming up .
Even before that , J.A. Happ was warming up .
— DW
Note to Joe West : home plate is the white thing in the ground in front of the catcher .
It is 17 inches wide .
— DW
David J. Phillip / Associated Press
The Phillies get one back as Jimmy Rollins hit a sacrifice fly to right to score Carlos Ruiz , who had tripled with one out .
And how about the bounce on Ruiz ’s triple ?
It hit the wall in right - center and then scooted back toward center with Brett Gardner running back after it .
It looked as if he was chasing a white mouse .
Pettitte gets Victorino to pop out , but it ’s 2 - 1 , Yankees , now .
— DW
The Japanese reporters that cover Hideki Matsui are obsessed with knowing whether the Yankees will re-sign him for next season .
I ca n’t blame them .
If Matsui is not with the Yankees , the reporters who have covered him in New York for the last seven seasons will not stay here , either .
If Matsui ’s address changes , their addresses will change , too .
Before Matsui even finished rounding the bases with his two - run homer in the second inning , I thought of those reporters who have politely asked me if I think the Yankees will bring Matsui back .
When I asked General Manager Brian Cashman about Matsui toward the end of the season , he was noncommittal .
Matsui ’s solid postseason will help him , but his inability to play the outfield will hurt him .
The Yankees do n’t want to clog the D.H. spot with one player .
— JC
I ’m a bit confused .
I like the Fox graphic toy that shows pitch speed at release and at home plate , and then the batter ’s reaction time .
But can you calculate reaction time if you do n’t swing ?
A few pitches before Hideki Matsui hit his two - run homer in the second inning , a pitch from Pedro Martinez was timed at 83 m.p.h. at its release and 76 m.p.h. at the plate .
Matsui ’s reaction time was then displayed at .463 of a second .
But he did n’t swing .
He moved slightly .
Maybe Godzilla exhaled with great vim and vigor .
— RS
Jed Jacobsohn / Getty Images
Designated hitter Hideki Matsui took Pedro Martinez deep again in a classic at - bat .
Martinez was ahead , 0 - 2 , before Matsui worked the count full in an eight - pitch at - bat and then sent a tailing fastball high and over the middle of the plate into the stands .
Alex Rodriguez walked and scored in front of Matsui , who also homered off Martinez in Game 2 .
The Yankees really should bring this guy back , knees or no knees .
— DW
During the workout Tuesday , some of the Yankees dismissed the idea that the Phillies had put some pressure on them by winning Game 5 .
In fact , Jerry Hairston Jr. said the Yankees were pleased with their overall accomplishments in Philadelphia .
“ Do you know how good those guys play at home ? ” Hairston said .
“ For us to go there and take two out of three against a great team , the defending champs in a hostile environment , that ’s a big plus for us , a big positive . ”
But the Phillies are better on the road .
They come into the game with a 4 - 2 road record in the postseason .
They also had a better record on the road in the regular season than they did at home , going 45 - 36 at Citizens Bank Park and 48-33 on the road , including a 2 - 1 record at Yankee Stadium in May . — DW
Statistics can be expressed in interesting , if dubious , ways .
In the second inning , Fox ’s Tim McCarver said that one thing that Yankees pitchers have done was “ neutralize ” the Phillies ’ left - handed bats .
“ Except for Chase Utley , ” he added .
Quite a big exception , considering that Utley ’s six - hit output includes five home runs .
I would have been interested in hearing the Phillies ’ combined average against Yankees left - handers , but McCarver added only that the Phillies ’ left - handers were hitless in their last 12 at - bats against tonight ’s starter , Andy Pettitte .
( What about before that ? )
Not much nourishment in those stats .
— RS
Is Pedro Feliz not reading what we ’re writing ?
He just swung at a high pitch that would have been a ball ( with Joe West ’s strike zone ) and fouled out to the catcher Jorge Posada , stranding Jayson Werth at second in the top of the second inning .
What are they doing in that Phillies clubhouse between innings , reading scouting reports ?
Watching TV ?
Get online , boys .
— DW
The Phillies are 1 - 1 in their last two Games 6s .
In 1980 they beat the Kansas City Royals to win the World Series and bring on the Royal Philadelphia Mounted Police , and in 1993 Joe Carter hit the winning home run in the ninth inning to give the Toronto Blue Jays their second consecutive championship .
— DW
The plate umpire Joe West ’s strike zone looks low and inside to lefties .
A couple of pitches to left - handed hitters just above the belt and on the outside edge were called balls .
Two pitches inside to Utley were strikes .
A good , old - fashioned National League strike zone .
— DW
That was an amazing first inning for Pedro Martinez : 13 pitches , no fastballs .
He threw first - pitch changeups to Derek Jeter , Johnny Damon and Mark Teixeira , and 10 in all .
Might be a sign of no fastball command , or might be that Martinez is planning to incorporate that pitch a little later .
With him , you never know .
— BS
Pedro Martinez is taking his sweet time , but he got through the first inning in order .
He ’s looking extremely deliberate with every pitch .
He still has that classic changeup , though , which he used to strike out Johnny Damon .
— DW
Jed Jacobsohn / Getty Images
Andy Pettitte just showed how to pitch to Chase Utley without feeding him only breaking balls .
He started Utley off with a slider that was high and outside , but came right back with a four - seamer that tailed over the plate for strike one .
On a 1 - 1 count , Pettitte threw another four - seamer , jamming him , and Utley grounded into a double play .
— BS
Josh Haner / The New York Times
No worries for Pettitte in the first inning .
Shane Victorino reached on an infield single , but Chase Utley hit into a 4 - 6 - 3 double play .
Pettitte pretty much went after Utley , at least with a runner on first .
Here comes Pedro . — DW
We ’re under way at Yankee Stadium as Jimmy Rollins just grounded out to shortstop .
The atmosphere is electric , especially with Pedro Martinez pitching .
As he walked into the dugout from the bullpen while Andy Pettitte was warming up , Alex Rodriguez jogged over and gave him a high five .
— DW
Eric Gay / Associated Press
Preview
The most anticipated baseball game in New York over the last six years is less than an hour away , and the excitement at Yankee Stadium is building .
It ’s Game 6 of the 2009 World Series , with all the accompanying drama of Philadelphia ’s Pedro Martinez pitching in a potential championship - clinching game for the Yankees .
Martinez ’s opposition , Andy Pettitte , is the game ’s most experienced postseason pitcher .
The Yankees lead the series , three games to two , and with a victory tonight they will win their 27th World Series title — and their first since 2000 , when they beat the Mets in five games .
Martinez and the Phillies are hoping to extend the World Series to seven games for the first time since 2002 , when the Angels , behind John Lackey , beat the Giants .
The last time a World Series stretched even six games was 2003 , when Josh Beckett , pitching on three days ’ rest , carried the Florida Marlins to a championship with a five - hit shutout of the Yankees at the old Stadium .
But this time , many people are favoring the Yankees to close it out .
They are playing at home , they have designated hitter Hideki Matsui back in the lineup , they have the usually reliable Pettitte on the mound , and they have a well - rested Mariano Rivera ready to pitch at least two innings of relief .
Also , many people seem to assume that whatever trickery Martinez used to confuse hitters in Game 2 will not be so effective against the Yankees ’ potent lineup the second time around .
Could the next scheduled Yankees event be a parade ?
“ Any time you get a chance to close it out in front of your own fans , it ’s special , ” Yankees Manager Joe Girardi said this afternoon , “ especially during the first year at the Stadium and what it would mean to the Steinbrenner family and the Yankee organization and all the people of New York . ”
Maybe things are lining up in the Yankees ’ favor , but in the history of the World Series , teams with a three - games - to - two lead are only 23 - 37 in Game 6 .
The Phillies ’ Chase Utley has already tied Reggie Jackson ’s record of five home runs in a World Series , but do n’t expect him to see many good pitches .
That ’s because Ryan Howard , who matched Willie Wilson ’s record of 12 Series strikeouts , is providing no protection in Philadelphia ’s lineup .
Utley has great discipline at the plate , and will gladly take a walk ahead of Howard .
That means the slumping Howard could be the one to see some decent pitches .
Moreover , Pettitte is starting on three days ’ rest for the first time in more than three years , and his command and his stamina could be issues .
It ’s a compelling series of plots and subplots for Game 6 of the 105th World Series .
— DW
The lineups for Game 6 .
Phillies
1. Jimmy Rollins , SS
2. Shane Victorino , CF
3. Chase Utley , 2B
4. Ryan Howard , 1B
5. Jayson Werth , RF
6. Raul Ibanez , DH
7. Pedro Feliz , 3B
8. Ben Francisco , LF
9. Carlos Ruiz , C
Pedro Martinez , RHP
Yankees
1. Derek Jeter , SS
2. Johnny Damon , LF
3. Mark Teixeira , 1B
4. Alex Rodriguez , 3B
5. Hideki Matsui , DH
6. Jorge Posada , C
7. Robinson Cano , 2B
8. Nick Swisher , RF
9. Brett Gardner , CF
Andy Pettitte , LHP
In spite of the rising sales of products to help prevent hair loss , there ’s also a rising popularity of businesses offering hairfree services , more specifically hair removal for male customers .
The hair most of these male customers are looking to eliminate is n’t on their heads though .
There are a few areas and several reasons why male hair removal has become more popular over the last years .
Men occasionally spot hairs growing in places they would rather not .
Common examples include the outer part of the ears or between the eyes .
Sign of the times : a uni -brow appearance is definitely considered a no - no .
A lot of man also dislike too much hair on their chest or back .
That too is considered unattractive and for some , it ’s simply in the way if they want to get a tattoo .
How popular are hair free services and hair removal in general ?
You ’ll be surprised .
Recent studies show that up to 80 percent of all women undergo some type of treatment for hair removal .
That ’s 8 out of every 10 women .
Men ?
They ’re catching up rapidly .
That same study showed that about 5 out of every 10 men had unwanted hair removed from their bodies .
The biggest difference between men and women however , is not in the numbers .
It ’s in how many admit to having it done and how .
Athletes , such as bodybuilders , cyclists and swimmers have no problem whatsoever with admitting to the fact that they have body hair removed .
A lot of men however , still consider male hair removal to be a sign of being less masculine .
Basically there are 2 types of hair removal .
One is temporary , the other permanent .
Temporary Hair Removal Options For Men
The following are the most common quick fixes for getting rid of body hair .
Shaving
This may come as a surprise : in spite of all innovations and new techniques , good old shaving is still one of the most common methods of hair removal for men .
It is easy , comfortable and cheap if you know what you are doing .
All you need is a razor , shaving gel , water and a moisturizer , for after shaving to prevent razor burn .
And the best part ?
You can do it yourself .
Just make sure to follow the correct steps .
So , if you are looking for temporary male hair removal , shaving is of course the most common technique .
We all know the downside though .
In fact , we face that downside every morning and that ’s probably exactly what brought you to this website .
The most common disadvantage of shaving , is that it is practically a daily routine .
Some men find it relaxing , others think it is annoying .
Tweezing
Another cheap , but slightly more permanent method of getting rid of unwanted hair is with tweezers .
Pretty effective to pull unwanted hair from your chest of back .
Obviously if you ’re very hairy than tweezing is not really an option as the time required would be unfeasible .
Also , it ’s not very comfortable .
In fact it is pretty painful .
And although lots of men seem to think it is permanent , it is not .
Eventually the hair will grow back .
Waxing
Waxing is a lot faster than pulling hair by hair using tweezers ( and consequently more painful ) but not a long term solution either .
Waxing is a proven , inexpensive , popular but painful method of getting rid of unwanted hairs around the armpits , back , shoulders , legs , and any other part of the male body .
There are many hair removal wax products in the market today that are inexpensive and easy to use .
Including hair removal wax for men .
Waxing can be done at home .
You apply strips of heated wax on your skin and rip it off , pulling out the unwanted hair .
Sounds painful ?
It is .
Just look at these poor fellows
You can do it yourself in the privacy of your home or go to a spa and have it done .
If you do n’t like pain , even a little bit , then probably best avoid the DIY option and go to a professional salon .
There are several spas and salons that perform waxing for men .
There the treatment is usually performed by specially trained and certified professionals .
The prices for the service of hair removal through waxing usually varies .
It definitely pays to do your homework .
The internet is a good place to start .
Go to Google and do a search on “ male hair removal wax YOUR HOMETOWN ” – do n’t forget the quotes for the most accurate results .
Using a hair removal wax to get rid of unwanted hairs is not just a clever choice because it ’s cost - effective .
It is also fast .
So if you do n’t feel comfortable hanging around in spas or salons , waxing is something to consider .
I guess we all know how it works .
After the hair removal wax is applied to the area of the skin , a strip of cloth is applied on and quickly pulled off .
Yip , that hurts .
To prove your suffering was worth it , you can see all the unwanted hairs that were pulled off left clinging to the cloth .
Your skin does n’t just feel free of hairs , it also feels smoother and even softer .
Plus , another benefit that you could get from using hair removal wax is that the re-growth of the unwanted hairs appears to be lighter in color and finer .
However , there is a considerable drawback .
It hurts .
In fact , it hurts like hell .
It ’s ‘ fast pain ’ though .
The amount of pain pretty much depends on who ’s performing the treatment .
If that person is n’t perfectly trained to do the job , accidents may happen .
What kind of accidents ?
What about ripping your skin ?
It does happen .
Other known and even common side effects are redness , inflammation , and some bumps .
That wo n’t last though .
Waxing pulls the hair out of the roots and these empty roots or open pores could be a breeding ground for bacteria .
A cool and effective trick is icing the area after a few minutes of treatment .
People with diabetes are more susceptible to infections as compared to other people .
That ’s why this method of male hair removal maybe is n’t the best choice for people with diabetes .
Also , people who have acne and use tretinoin and isotretinoin should avoid waxing .
Waxing is effective and cost - efficient , however it hurts and is only a temporary result ( lasting 3 to 8 weeks ) .
In the long run , you might see permanent results in some areas , if the hair is ripped out often enough so the follicles stop growing more hair .
You can choose traditional wax for superb results or a sugar wax for good results .
Sugar wax is easier to clean up .
It simply dissolves when water is applied .
Sugar Hair Removal
Apparently hairless bodies are not a recent fad .
People have been stripping hair from their bodies for thousands of years .
The Persians came up with a way of removing unwanted hair with a method we now know as the sugar hair removal .
Another name for this method is “ Persian waxing . ”
It ’s a lot like waxing your hair .
The basic difference is that sugaring uses natural ingredients instead of chemicals .
Sugar hair removal is also considered less painful compared to traditional waxing .
This is due to the fact that the sugar sticks to the hair and not the skin .
When you yank the sugared strip , it just pulls the hair not pieces of your skin .
The Persian name for the sugar mixture was “ moum . ”
The ingredients are sugar , lemon , and water .
You have to be careful with the amount of water used because you want to have the right consistency ,
It should be thick , about the consistency of a wax hair removal product .
Not only does sugar hair removal hurt less , it is about the cheapest method of removing unwanted body hair .
The only cost is the sugar and lemon .
You will need a spatula to spread it on your skin and cotton strips to pull off the hair .
As noted above , sugar hair removal is less painful and cheaper .
The only downside is that it can be messy .
However , sugar is water soluble so it is easy to clean up after .
You can shower it off your body and use a damp cloth to tidy up your work area and tools .
You can buy the sugaring compound already made or make your own .
If you are interested in making your own , here ’s the recipe :
Mix together in a saucepan two cups of white sugar , one quarter cup of water , and one quarter cup of lemon juice .
Put the pan on a stove and heat it to two hundred forty degrees Fahrenheit .
It will boil so keep the heat to medium .
When it reaches the right temperature , take it off the stove .
Pour the mixture into a glass jar .
Microwave it for about ten to twenty seconds when you go to use it .
To use it , powder the skin before you apply it .
It should be warm from the microwave .
Spread it on but not too thick .
Press a strip of cotton cloth over the sugared area and let the sugar cool a bit .
Then pull in the opposition direction from the hair growth .
Threading
Sick of shaving or tweezing to get rid of unwanted hairs around your face ?
In that case , the threading hair removal method is a solution you might want to give a try .
This technique is a popular choice in India and lots of Arabic countries where it is know as “ khite ” or “ fatlah ” .
For us men , its use is limited , but I know of some men who ’ve used this technique to get control over their eyebrows and to straighten untidy hairlines .
I have n’t heard any success stories from men using it to get rid of hair on other body parts .
Yet .
Threading hair removal is getting more and more popular in western countries .
It ’s an ancient method of removing unwanted facial hairs with the use of a thin , twisted , pure cotton thread .
The thread is rolled over the face area ( like your forehead ) for untidy hairlines , mustache , eyebrows , and upper lips where it plucks the unwanted hairs .
Due to the growing popularity of threading hair removal nowadays , it was just a matter of time before we saw spas and salons offer this new and therefore exciting service .
It works like this .
The one who is doing the threading hair removal holds one end of the thread in his teeth and the other end in the left hand .
The middle part of the cotton thread is looped through the middle and index fingers of the right hand .
Yes , it ’s quite complicated to describe clearly in words , so here ’s a video showing step by step what I ’m trying to explain .
Now , the loop serves as a trap for the unwanted hairs and pulls them right out of your skin .
Most people prefer threading because of the natural straight lines it produce after the pulling as compared to tweezing .
Benefits ?
Well , first of all , threading hair removal is way faster than tweezing .
Besides , lots of people consider this technique less painful than tweezing , which , of course is a good thing .
Threading hair removal is considered less intimidating but it is much more time consuming when compared to the old and proven but not so costumer friendly rip - off wax strip .
Threading hair removal is also considered to be a pretty inexpensive way to shape your eyebrows .
Another benefit that you can get from threading is that , it has the advantage of plucking which could make the results last for more than two weeks and sometimes up to eight weeks .
Downsides ?
Not many .
Probably the fact that it ’s harder to locate an experienced aesthetician who knows her threads and can perform the method .
There are some other minor side effects like itching , a bacterial infection affecting the hair follicles , or puffiness .
Sometimes this technique causes a slight change in the color of skin pigment .
But these side effects seem to be rare .
Hair Removal Creams
Finally , there is the easiest and painless option which is that of using hair removal creams like Revitol .
This is a very temporary solution and you must be really carefull not to apply it on certain parts of the body .
I would suggest that you try the cream on a small patch of your boday first to see if it agrees with your skin type and that it does not cause irritation .
Also , make sure to read the directions carefully before applying it .
I once left it on for too long and it caused all sorts of skin irritation and burns .
So , the above options were all temporary solutions and in each case , the hairs will grow back after either a few hours or a few weeks , depending on the method you choose .
Now let ’s look at the more long - term options , but before we do that it ’s best to understand how you can get permanent hair removal .
How can you get Hair Removed For Good
In order for a permanent male hair removal treatment to be effective , the follicle has to be in a growth stage .
That ’s why whatever the method of permanent hair removal , it will almost certainly require more than one treatment .
At any given time , about 10 percent of the hair follicles are resting and not growing hair and about another 5 percent are shedding their hair .
To get rid of that part , additional treatments are needed when the other follicles return to a growth stage .
Removing only the hair leaves the follicle in place and it will quickly replace the hair with a new one .
Removing the follicle can be painful and there is no promise that another hair follicle will not assume the duties and produce another hair .
The more permanent hair removal methods involve a higher tech approach .
You can not apply these techniques at home .
It takes sophisticated machines and trained pros .
That ’s why you need to find yourself a clinic .
When researching clinics , make sure that their staff is qualified and have had the proper training .
It is pretty confusing , but rules and regulations surrounding these procedures are different in every state .
So do your homework .
These guys are messing with your body !
Two such high - tech solution are laser hair removal and Electrolysis .
These forms of male hair removal usually requires more money and more time .
The result will be almost permanent hair loss though at the end of several treatments .
Let ’s see what these involve .
Permanent Hair Removal Options For Men
Laser Hair Removal
Laser hair removal for men is getting more and more popular and for a good reason .
However , if you consider having body hair removed with the help of laser treatment , you probably want to know what results to expect , before you finally make up your mind .
And so you should .
In addition , you probably want to know if it hurts ( it does , I ’ll get back to that later ) , what it is going to cost you and – most important of all – if it ’s a safe technique .
To find the proper answer to these questions , a solid start would be understanding how hair can be removed with lasers .
Well , what it boils down to , is that laser hair removal burns the hair follicles right down to the roots .
Sounds terrible , does n’t it ?
Actually , it is .
That ’s why it ’s so effective .
It does more than just remove hair .
Laser hair removal starts with focusing lasers on the skin .
It gets attracted to the pigment of the hair ’s follicle .
Because all energy from the laser gets focused your poor little follicles get heated , and thus burn right to the roots .
Pigment plays an important role in this technique .
The color of your hair more or less decides the success of the treatment .
If your hair is of a darker color , the results will be correspondingly better , while darker color skin makes the laser attracted to the skin instead of being focused on the hair and thus causes it to blister .
Improvements in laser technology are slowly taking care of this drawback , but still , the bigger the difference between the color of the skin and that of the hair , the better the results will be .
So what is the greatest advantage to using laser hair removal ?
That is probably that you are able to remove hair permanently from every part of your body , except for areas around your eyes .
Looking for more advantages ?
Well , most import is probably that there are no real side effects to contend with .
Sure , you can expect some redness as well as some swelling .
That wo n’t last though .
Most men look fine in just a couple of days .
You will need more than one treatment for lasting result , in fact , depending on the area you will probably need between three and 8 sessions to get rid of most of it once and for all .
If you ’re wondering why ; remember that hair grows in cycles , and therefore one session will effect the growing hair but not the dormant follicles ..
Let ’s face it .
The results of laser hair removal are impressive to say the least .
However , make sure to consult an expert before you turn over your credit card .
Ask the expert to explain to you the different laser hair removal treatments and make sure you know how many treatments it will take before you ’ll see the results you are looking for .
Permanent laser hair removal sounds like a dream come true .
Well , perhaps the laser part sounds a little scary .
But think about the permanent aspect .
No more shaving , tweezing , cream hair removal , waxing , or any of those pesky hair removals methods .
Laser Hair removal is sometimes also termed ‘ epilation ’ , ‘ phototricholysis ’ and ‘ photoepilation ’ .
These are some terms you can use while googling your options .
Laser hair removal actually has spread out to mean any kind of mechanical permanent hair removal .
Some are not laser - based .
One example is the light - based epilator , Xenon Flash Lamp .
This lamp produces an intense pulse light .
It ’s one of the more popular methods and is usually referred to as laser hair removal .
Electrolysis
There is also electrolysis which is a hair removal system that uses radio frequency to kill the individual hairs as well as damage the follicle to prevent re-growth .
The makers of these hair removal systems claim no pain and a 60 percent success rate after the first in - home treatment .
Sound waves are sent through the hair by a tweezers - like device for individual hairs and for larger patches of unwanted hair , a patch is used to kill the hair without pulling it out by the roots .
Electrolysis hair removal for men is an almost perfect system .
It ’s a permanent procedure that will take the unwanted hair away forever .
Electrolysis has been used for many years , and there are very few risks involved when this is done by a qualified person .
Electrolysis hair removal usually requires a skilled and trained professional who has experience performing the procedure .
There are some home kits available for electrolysis hair removal , but most people visit a trained person for this service .
Electrolysis requires that each hair is removed individually .
It will require several treatments depending on the amount of hair you want to get rid of .
The number of treatments will usually be determined as the results are noted .
Each treatment will last from ten minutes to an hour depending on the area .
Electrolysis hair removal might appear painful because of the instrument involved , but in fact electrolysis hair removal is comfortable .
The equipment is designed so the customers might feel a slight tingling sensation , but they will not feel any pain .
Electrolysis is extremely safe , so much so , that it is used on even the most sensitive parts of the body including the eyebrows and the upper lip .
There are no harmful substances used with electrolysis .
Electrolysis is usually performed by skilled professionals .
You should look for an expert .
Someone with lots of experience .
Do some homework .
Investigate the services of each establishment before committing any money for services .
Use the internet but get off your butt and visit the experts you pre-selected .
The place should be very ( very ! ) clean , and the equipment should be the latest available .
Conclusion
Many hair removal products for men can be used at home .
Most cannot completely eliminate hair growth immediately .
They need to be used repeatedly as hair growth is continuous .
The good news ?
They are easy to obtain .
Both online and offline .
If you want to stay in control of your budget , do some research online .
You will find plenty of cheap products that will do the job .
News reports are quick to point out problems with particular hair removal systems , typically highlighting one person or one application that did n’t go as well as planned , while ignoring numerous other persons or procedures that worked as it was designed .
Armed with those reports , the manufacturers of hair removal systems tend to use them against their competition and to promote their own treatment options .
So , you will need to research all the various systems on the market to determine which one is right for you depending on your budget , pain threshold , and time availability .
A vehicle drives on a road in Tokyo July 12 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Stringer
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) -
No need to curse that bad driver weaving in and out of the lane in front of you -- he cannot help it , U.S. researchers reported on Wednesday .
They found that people with a particular gene variant performed more than 20 percent worse on a driving test than people with a different DNA sequence .
The study may explain why there are so many bad drivers out there -- about 30 percent of Americans have the variant , the team at the University of California Irvine found .
“ These people make more errors from the get - go , and they forget more of what they learned after time away , ” Dr. Steven Cramer , who led the study published in the journal Cerebral Cortex , said in a statement .
Cramer and his team tested 29 people -- 22 without the gene variant and seven who had it -- asking them to drive 15 laps on a simulator and then repeat the task a week later .
To their surprise , they found that those with the mutant gene did worse , consistently .
The gene controls a protein called brain - derived neurotrophic factor , which affects memory .
The team was not really looking for insights into driving but chose the driving test because it uses common skills .
“ I ’d be curious to know the genetics of people who get into car crashes , ” Cramer said .
“ I wonder if the accident rate is higher for drivers with the variant . ”
Fox Art
Both admired and reviled , the fox holds a unique place in humanity 's eyes .
While we admire their intelligence and resilience , we also condemn the ways they successfully hunt our poultry and small livestock .
Perhaps among the more controversial animals in countries like the UK , the fox still manages to survive whatever is thrown at it .
Celebrate this colorful and clever critter with a vibrant piece of art .
In the unfolding debate over " ClimateGate , " the affair of the hacked emails from the Climate Research Unit at the University of East Anglia that offer an inconvenient peek behind the curtain of climate science , one thing is clear .
Virtually every commentator 's position on the issue — is this a scandal that exposes global warming as a scientific sham , or a faux scandal stoked by climate - change denial propaganda ? — can be predicted by his or her politics .
You can look at the byline or the publication , and predict with near - 100 percent accuracy what the article will say .
It is no surprise that The Wall Street Journal deplores the arrogant and dogmatic mindset of the " warmists , " or that The New Republic assails the brazenness of the " deniers . "
While the facts are ostensibly the same , the interpretations differ so dramatically that we might as well be talking about two different realities .
For instance , when CRU director Phil Jones wrote about using " Mike 's Nature trick " to " hide the decline " in temperatures in a particular period , was this an admission to manipulating and fudging temperature data ?
Or is this simply careless use of language that gives sinister overtones to entirely innocuous activities ?
Defenders of the scientists point out that " Mike 's Nature trick " refers to a technique quite openly used by one of Jones ' correspondents , Penn State University climatologist Michael Mann , in a 1998 article in Nature magazine , and that " hiding " the decline is simply another way to describe adjusting the data .
Their critics say that the data was being manipulated , casting doubt on some of the most widely accepted calculations of temperature increases in the past 100 years .
Or take the CRU scientists ' arrogance and secrecy in dealing with climate - change skeptics , deplored even by some proponents of the view that human - made global warming is a major crisis , such as British environmentalist activist George Monbiot .
Were the " warmists " out to suppress dissenting views when they discussed taking steps to prevent the publication of skeptics ' articles in peer - reviewed journals — or merely trying to keep junk science out of respectable venues ?
Were they reluctant to share their raw data because they were perpetrating a hoax , or because they felt besieged and harassed by corporate - paid " deniers " and concerned that any glitch in the data would be twisted to impugn scientific truths in the eyes of the public ?
Is the scientific consensus that supports man-made global warming based on solid science , or on manipulation of evidence and suppression of dissent ?
I will freely admit that I do n't have enough knowledge of science or familiarity with the scientific method to be able to come to a truly informed conclusion at to which version of " ClimateGate " is right .
Neither , I suspect , do some 95 percent ( or , more likely , 99 percent ) of people who have spoken out on the issue , on either side .
That means they are likely to go with their political instincts and listen to those " experts " who reflect their own preconceived opinions .
Conservatives and libertarians , who see the crusade against global warming as an attack on capitalism and freedom , are very likely to think that the hacked emails are devastating to the case for human - made global warming ; liberals and leftists , who see global warming denial as an attempt to protect greed and unbridled consumption , are very likely to think that the only real scandal is the deniers ' shameless manipulation of public opinion in an attempt to discredit solid science .
There is no doubt that refusal to accept human - made climate change is often self - serving .
But the other side has blinders and selfish motives of its own .
" Going green " has turned into a vast industry in its own right — as well as a religion with its own brand of zealotry .
For many , global warming is the secular equivalent of a biblical disaster sent by God to punish humankind for its errant ( capitalist ) ways .
Those who embrace environmentalism as a faith have no interest in scientific and technological solutions to climate change — such as nuclear power — that do not include imposing drastic regulations on markets and curbs on consumption .
In theory , science should be above such motives .
Yet , at the very least , the scientists who back strong measures against global warming have not objected to the alarmism , the political fanaticism , or the pseudo - spiritual drivel promoted by many of the crusaders in this cause .
Public trust is something scientists must work hard to maintain .
When it comes to science and public policy , the average citizen usually has to trust scientists — whose word he or she has to take on faith almost as much as a religious believer takes the word of a priest .
Once that trust is undermined , as it has been in recent years , science becomes a casualty of politics .
Cathy Young writes a weekly column for RealClearPolitics and is also a contributing editor at Reason magazine .
She blogs at http://cathyyoung.wordpress.com/.
This article originally appeared at RealClearPolitics .
Glock is the first confirmed driver with the new Manor team
The new Manor Grand Prix team have signed the German Timo Glock as their lead driver for their debut season in Formula 1 in 2010 .
Glock has raced for Toyota for the last two seasons but was on the market after the Japanese company pulled out of F1 at the end of the season .
Glock has agreed to a two - year deal , with the option of another season .
His team - mate will be the Brazilian rookie Lucas di Grassi , BBC Radio Sheffield has reported .
Glock , 27 , said : " The team may be small and new but it has big ambitions and a very impressive car . "
Although the deal has not been confirmed , Manor are expected to be sponsored by Virgin , and be re-named Virgin F1 .
Glock missed the last three races of 2009 following a crash during qualifying for the Japan Grand Prix , but also secured two podium finishes during the season .
And Manor technical director Nick Wirth said he was delighted to have secured a driver with a proven F1 record having raced in 36 grands prix , scoring 51 points .
" It has always been my recommendation that we have at least one driver with experience of the 2009 cars to help our development programme , " he said .
" But to get a driver that has not only achieved podium finishes in 2009 but has such proven talent and the potential to take us forward for many years is very exciting .
606 : DEBATE
" The fact that he has come and seen all aspects of the project before making his decision speaks volumes about what we have achieved so far .
" We just can't wait to get Timo into the new car once track testing begins next year . "
Glock , who revealed he had several options for the 2010 season , added : " Every driver has the same overall objective - to win the world championship one day - but the way I want to succeed is to be part of the process of building a team and to play a key role in developing the car .
" I am confident that I can play a big role in terms of my technical input and that 's a fantastic opportunity for me .
" I ca n't wait to start testing the new car early next year . "
Glock had been tipped as a potential team - mate for Robert Kubica at Renault .
But with the French company reviewing its involvement in the sport , he has decided to take a drive he can be sure of , even if it promises to be less competitive than Renault , should they make the grid .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
MI5 , MI6 and the police will be able to withhold evidence from defendants and their lawyers in civil cases for the first time , the high court ruled today .
In a move that has widespread implications for open justice , Mr Justice Silber agreed with the security and intelligence agencies that " secret government information " could remain hidden from individuals who are suing them .
His ruling was prompted by claims by seven British citizens and residents that they were ill - treated , and in some cases tortured , in Guantánamo Bay with the knowledge of Britain 's intelligence agencies .
The seven – Binyam Mohamed , Bisher al - Rawi , Jamil el - Banna , Richard Belmar , Omar Deghayes , Moazzam Begg and Martin Mubanga – are suing the agencies , and the home and foreign secretaries , for unlawful acts , negligence and conspiracy .
The government and its agents have denied the claims , but admitted that MI5 did interview a number of the detainees and had provided questions to be put to them by other interrogators .
" The security service undertook this role because , as the UK agency with the most experience of running intelligence - led counter - terrorist investigations in the UK , it was best placed to understand and utilise the information received about threats against the UK , or involving British nationals , " the government 's lawyers said in a court document .
" At times , these interviews were facilitated by SIS [ MI6 ] officers , and on occasions SIS officers conducted interviews themselves . "
They have admitted that British intelligence officers interrogated Mubanga , a Briton , at least five times while he was held in leg cuffs at Guantánamo .
Government lawyers say they have identified 250,000 documents as " potentially relevant " to the case .
Currently , under what is known as the " public interest immunity " procedure , information deemed to be so sensitive by government agencies that it cannot be revealed is not used as evidence at all .
The only occasions when evidence and allegations have been withheld from defendants and their lawyers have been in cases directly linked to " national security " – for example those involving deportations .
But if today 's ruling stands , MI5 , MI6 , the police and other state institutions will be able to withhold relevant information from any civil action , for example for claiming compensation for wrongdoing .
Silber was not asked to consider the particular facts of the Mubanga case but to set down a principle .
He argued that it would be better for " special advocates " to decide , in secret , what information in the hands of the government and its agents should be disclosed .
However , he agreed that the issue raised what he called a " stark question of law " .
His ruling provoked an angry response from lawyers for the Guantánamo claimants .
Louise Christian said after the ruling : " The judge has sanctioned what would be a constitutional outrage , allowing government to rely on secret evidence in the ordinary civil courts … [ he has done this ] by treating the issue as if it was a purely technical legal matter , not a question of overturning the whole history of the common law and the fundamental principle that both sides must be on an equal footing . "
Lawyer Irene Nembhard said the judgment would " wipe away the right to a jury trial for such claimants bringing such claims " .
Clive Stafford Smith , director of the legal charity Reprieve , said : " When the history books are written , the darkest chapter of our current times will not be torture , but the seeping evil of secrecy , where the ' national interest ' is conflated with ' national embarrassment ' , and ultimately anything of which the government is ashamed , from parliamentary expenses and working up to torture , becomes secret . "
Frugal Zeitgeist ( LOVE . her. blog . ) posted an incredible link to WSJ about Life on Severance .
Some choice paragraphs :
Paul Joegriner has n’t worked since March 2008 , when he was laid off from his $ 200,000 - a- year job as chief executive officer of a small bank .
But you would n’t know it by appearances .
His wife , Marzena , shuttles their two young children to private school every morning .
The family recently vacationed in Virginia Beach , Va. , and likes to dine on Porterhouse steaks .
Since losing his job , Mr. Joegriner , 44 years old , has had several offers .
He ’s turned each down in hopes of landing a position comparable to what he held before . …….
When Michelle Patterson was laid off as an executive director of marketing for a publishing company in January , she figured she could subsist comfortably , at least for a while , on the $ 20,000 she had reserved from her savings and severance combined .
She continued to eat out regularly and made daily Starbucks runs .
Ms. Patterson sometimes wishes she had cut her spending earlier .
But the money spent networking and socializing , she says , has “ helped [ me ] keep sane . ”
Although their rent was cheaper , Mr. Hipsher says the family continued to spend like before .
They moved with three cars — two BMWs and a Chevy Silverado .
They continued to buy cases of $ 36 - a- bottle wine .
They spent $ 250 a month on a cleaning lady , and Mr. Hipsher dropped $ 50 a week on flowers for his wife .
The couple still dined out regularly .
“ We were stupid , ” he says .
“ You become accustomed to a certain lifestyle .
When your world changes and things dictate that you change , you ’re pretty stubborn to give things up . ”
FZ makes very plain and simple observations :
This guy spent his entire career in banking , most recently as a chief executive officer .
If he ca n’t run his personal finances responsibly , what does it say about his ability to run a bank ?
Buying coffee out every day instead of making it at home ?
Really ?
Seems to me that if things are as desperate as the man says , this is n’t a good way to blow $ 655 per year .
WELL SAID !!!!
So go read the entire article now .
I ’ll wait for you here .
Go .
Okay , now that you ’re back …
This former - CEO is a bit of an idiot .
( Should I add his story to my Idiot archives ?
I have a doozy of a story coming up . )
He turned down several offers for 2 reasons : not enough pay , or the duties he was supposed to do , did n’t sound like what he wanted to do .
Just recently , he turned down yet ANOTHER offer that required a move out of state , citing that the contract had no guarantee of severance pay .
Seriously ?
Have we not learned anything from the past year and a half ?
The guy has 6 more months left to live , a $ 460,000 mortgage with a $ 2400 mortgage payment due each month .
They spend $ 26,000 each year on private school tuition that is getting cut next year .
They eat out all the time .
He goes to 7 - Eleven for coffee and because he recycles cups , he is spaving , saying that the habit only costs them $ 655 / year .
Spaving =
Saving money by spending .
If that is n’t the most ridiculous thing I have ever heard …
And they lie to the kids , telling them that Daddy is a freelancing consultant with “ patchy income ” .
If there is nothing more I detest in the world , it is softening reality and lying to your kids .
They probably already know , Paul .
He apparently has never craved a lavish lifestyle , but what do you call a $ 460,000 home , private school tuition , a wife who has the luxury of staying at home , eating and drinking coffee out all the time , and turning down 4 job offers with pretty decent pay ( at least over $ 100 k ) ?
Then he goes on to say that he ’s thinking of installing a marble counter top in the bathroom ..?
This is SO “ The Idiot ” .
If you did n’t want the job to begin with , based on the description of duties and salary range , then why the hell did you even apply for it ?
The running theme in the story is : Regret .
Enough picking on poor Paul .
The running theme is : Regret for :
Not having saved more money
Not anticipating a job loss
Not having cut back sooner
Every one of those stories say that they wish in hindsight , they had cut back sooner , instead of anticipating that a new job would pop up around the corner .
FB ’s Radical Proposition :
We should n’t just save money for emergency funds .
Or calculate what we need each month on a budget to save as 6 months worth of expenses .
We should actually simulate it to see if it ’s feasible .
Live it .
Take 6 months , and cut back on cable , eating out , coffees and what have you .
I can totally tell you that telling yourself “ $ 1000 a month should be enough ” does n’t seem like it ’s enough when you ’re actually in the position going :
“ Huh . Guess I actually needed more … ”
This had global consequences - the disappearance of one quarter of the world market is not an easy event to deal with - and almost caused the bankruptcy of several turbines manufacturers ( some were bought out ) .
Ever since , manufacturers have probably undersized their investments , in order to be able to deal with such a potential drop in demand , and they mostly avoided the US as a production base as a result , even though there are serious logistical advantages in this ( heavy ) industry to be located near your market .
There is no secret : the only way to have manufacturing investment in an industry which needs no subsidies , but a specific regulatory framework is to have stable policies and , dare I say it , an industrial policy to promote both the wind industry ( a good thing in itself ) and the wind turbine manufacturing industry .
This is still missing , right now .
States are doing this at the local level , but it would make a lot of sense to do it at the federal level .
2 K games announced today that they will be releasing a Bioshock 2 Special Edition for the hardcore fans ( and the rest of you ) of the series .
The Special Edition will retail for $ 99.99 for Xbox 360 and PS3 , $ 89.99 for the PC and will be available February 9th , 2010 .
2 K games also gave some juicy details on what fans can expect in the Special Edition :
The Special Edition will come in 13″x13 ″ premium packaging with special art on both the slipcase and the box cover .
Inside , you will find three posters featuring vintage ads from Rapture ( rolled ) , a vinyl 180g LP featuring the orchestral score from the original BioShock , a CD containing the BioShock 2 orchestral score , a 164 page 8″ x11 ″ hardbound artbook chock full of developer commentary and , of course , a copy of BioShock 2 .
With a lot of publishers looking to make an extra buck with Special / Collectors Edition , this announcement comes as no surprise and gamers can expect a huge hole in their pockets with a few other big games ( Splinter Cell : Conviction , Mass Effect 2 , God of War 3 , Final Fantasy XIII ) also launching in the first quarter of 2010 .
What a great start to the year !
Oh we almost forgot , 2 K has also released the Boxart of Bioshock 2 for Xbox 360 , PS3 and the PC versions ( Click to enlarge )
The strains and stresses on the proposed $ 27.9 billion state budget package reached a breaking point Thursday .
After two days of closed - door talks , House Democrats altered the tax package that was part of an agreement that legislative leaders reached last month .
The immediate impact was to throw a cloud of uncertainty over the process that appeared to be lurching toward a conclusion as recently as a week ago .
House Democratic leaders said it became apparent that the changes were needed if the deal was to stand a chance of passing the full House today .
The Democrats hold a 104- 99 majority in the chamber , but the House Republicans are not a party to the budget deal .
Democratic caucus leaders said they felt their actions Thursday kept faith with the negotiated agreement , noting that their changes would not raise spending and still would avoid a broad - based tax increase such as in the state income tax .
" We listened to our members , " Majority Leader Todd Eachus , D - Luzerne County , said .
The tax - package changes that the Democrats pushed through the House Rules Committee on a party - line vote included :
Dropping the proposed ticket tax on live stage events and cultural attractions such as zoos and museums , a proposal that has been widely unpopular with arts advocates .
Dropping the tax on proceeds from small games of chance run by organizations that hold liquor licenses .
Including a 30 percent tax on the wholesale price of cigars and smokeless tobacco products .
Adding a severance tax on natural - gas drilling .
Setting the upfront licensing fee for table games at casinos at $ 20 million and the tax rate on casino winnings from table games at 34 percent , which is equal to the tax rates on slot machines .
Other components of the tax package were left intact , including a tax amnesty plan , a cigarette tax increase and a hike in the state 's tax on business assets .
The revisions left Senate Republicans feeling betrayed .
" If they would have come to us and said they could n't deliver on the votes on what they agreed to , we'd have had a discussion and tried to work things through , " said Jake Corman , R - Centre County , chairman of the Senate Appropriations Committee .
" But to go ahead and move something completely different just for the sake of doing it is not honoring your word .
And it makes it difficult to come up with a future deal , because what are we going to handshake on next that they are going to turn on ? "
Corman said .
He said the House will set the budget process back a few weeks if it passes its revised tax package today .
If the House passes the proposed changes but the Senate rejects them , the tax dispute could be forced into a House - Senate conference committee for negotiation .
But some House Democratic leaders said the issues that the conference committee would have to discuss would be limited .
The Senate also could try to launch a new round of override votes on Gov. Ed Rendell 's vetoes of line items in the partial budget that was passed in August .
The state has been without a final budget since July 1 .
That has forced human - service organizations to shut down , cut services or lay off staff .
Tony Ross , president of United Way of Pennsylvania , has warned of a major catastrophe if these agencies do not receive state funding by mid-October .
School districts and counties have been pushed to borrow to keep their operations running .
House Democrats ' opposition to the small - games tax and the arts ticket tax was evident even before they reviewed the plan 's details this week .
They also were disappointed with the proposal to lease more state forest land for natural - gas drilling while not taxing that production .
Eachus said the revised package " affirms much of what we agreed on with our partners [ in the Senate ] .
It takes out some issues we thought were problematic . "
" We do not want to tax fire companies , VFWs and civic organizations who pour a lot of money into youth programs , blood banks and other things , " said Rep. Robert Belfanti , D - Northumberland County .
" We stood firm against big tobacco ... big casinos and ... big insurance in this caucus .
For the Senate to send us a bill and say take it or leave it is not going to work in this caucus . "
The tax rate and licensing fee proposed for table games was another unilateral move by House Democrats .
Senate Republican proposals had called for much lower tax rates , saying a high rate would deter casinos from adding table games .
House Speaker Keith McCall , D - Carbon County , noted there was significant doubt about how much revenue the arts ticket tax and small - games tax would raise .
" Our members said , ' Is it really worth taking on those two things ... when in fact we can increase the tax on table games to 34 percent and pay for it all ? ' " he said .
The revisions did nothing to garner House GOP support .
Republican Leader Sam Smith , R - Jefferson County , said the revisions would hit more Pennsylvanians with a tax increase , making it tantamount to an increase in the state 's income or sales tax .
Senate Republican leaders made it clear earlier Thursday that they would consider any changes to the revenue package as a change to the agreement that might take the budget discussions back to square one .
" We have agreed to things we would otherwise not have agreed to [ as part of the agreement ] .
...
For them to just take what was easy for them and not to lift the parts that are unpleasant or uncomfortable for them and expect us to do both ... is not adherence to the deal , " said Senate Majority Leader Dominic Pileggi , R- Delaware County .
Rendell urged Senate Republicans to be open - minded , arguing that any changes in the House would be " at the margins " of the $ 1.2 billion tax package .
" To say , ' This was n't the dotted I , crossed T of the deal , so we 're going to take our toys and go home ' ... that would be inexcusable , " said Steve Crawford , Rendell 's chief of staff .
But Corman said , " Where I come from , a handshake is a handshake . "
It is probably obvious to many who have been around listverse for the last two years , that one of my favorite horror movies is the Exorcist .
I have watched it countless times and love trivia relating to the picture .
After watching it for the umpteenth time last night , I decided to post a list of trivia excerpts about the film ( which seems apt as Halloween is nearly here and I am hoping to do a list on real exorcisms soon ) .
SEE ALSO : 10 Strange Facts About Real - Life Exorcisms
This list is mostly derived from IMDB and MovieMistakes as they essentially summarize all that the director and actors have said about the film .
There really is little I can add ( hence the future list on exorcism ) .
Be sure to watch the movie at least once this halloween .
These facts relate to the original film release ( and I recommend that as the one to watch – the new release version contains scenes that upset the balance of the film ) .
1 Facts 1 – 5
1 . The young priest who gave Father Karras confession at the end of the film was ( and still is ) a Catholic priest ( Reverend William O’Malley ) .
In order to make him visibly shocked in the final scene , the director ( William Peter Blatty ) slapped him across the face unexpectedly and yelled “ action ! ” Father O’Malley still teaches to this day at Fordham University .
2 . On the first day of filming the exorcism sequence , Linda Blair ’s delivery of her foul - mouthed dialogue so disturbed the gentlemanly Max von Sydow that he forgot his lines .
3 . Very brief cutaways appear in the film in order to make the audience uneasy .
The most famous is the demon face ( seen above ) – the face was that of Eileen Dietz who also starred in Happy Days and General Hospital .
The face is , to me , the most memorable scene from the film and it still gives me a fright when I see it .
4 . In the disturbing scene where Regan is masturbating with the crucifix , Eileen Dietz ( as mentioned in number 3 ) was used for the shot where Regan belts her mother across the face .
William Friedkin felt they needed someone with more heft physically to perform the stunt , and the double was shot from the back .
The crucifix scene was filmed with Linda Blair , who says she was n’t totally aware of what she was doing or the implications of the vulgar acts .
5 . The scream of the demon being thrown out of Linda Blair was actually created by recording squealing pigs being driven into slaughter .
2 Facts 6 – 10
6. Ellen Burstyn received a permanent spinal injury during filming .
In the sequence where she is thrown away from her possessed daughter , a harness jerked her hard away from the bed .
She fell on her coccyx and screamed in pain – this was caught on film and adds to the realism of that scene .
7 . The refrigerated bedroom set was cooled with four air conditioners and temperatures would plunge to around 30 to 40 below zero .
It was so cold that perspiration would freeze on some of the cast and crew .
On one occasion the air was saturated with moisture resulting in a thin layer of snow falling on the set before the crew arrived for filming .
This obviously negated the need for fake breath mist which is prevalent in many modern movies .
8 . When originally released in the UK a number of town councils imposed a complete ban on the showing of the film .
This led to the bizarre spectacle of “ Exorcist Bus Trips ” where enterprising travel companies organized buses to take groups to the nearest town where the film was showing .
9 . A filmgoer who saw the movie in 1974 during its original release fainted and broke his jaw on the seat in front of him .
He then sued Warner Brothers and the filmmakers , claiming that the use of subliminal imagery in the film had caused him to pass out .
The studio settled out of court for an undisclosed sum .
The film affected many audiences so strongly that at many theaters , paramedics were called to treat people who fainted and others who went into hysterics .
10 .
If adjusted for inflation , the Exorcist would be the top grossing R - rated film of all time .
3 Facts 11 – 15
11 . Due to its controversial material , this movie was not available on video in the UK until 1999 when the British Board of Film Censors ( BBFC ) approved an uncut version .
12 . The substance that the possessed Regan hurls at Father Damien Karras ( Jason Miller ) is thick pea soup .
Specifically , it ’s Andersen ’s brand pea soup .
The crew tried Campbell ’s but did n’t like the “ effect . ”
13 . Director William Friedkin asked technical advisor Reverend Thomas Bermingham to exorcise the set .
He refused , saying an exorcism might increase anxiety .
Rev. Bermingham wound up visiting the set and gave a blessing and talk to reassure the cast and crew .
14 . Gonzalo Gavira was called on to create many of the special sound effects after William Friedkin recalled his work from El topo ( 1970 ) .
One of the more memorable sounds , the 360 - degree turning of Regan ’s head , was actually made by twisting a sound crew member ’s old leather wallet in front of a mike .
15 . William Peter Blatty based his novel on a supposedly genuine exorcism from 1949 , which was partially performed in both Cottage City , Maryland , and Bel - Nor , Missouri .
Several area newspapers reported on a speech a minister gave to an amateur parapsychology society , in which he claimed to have exorcised a demon from a 13 - year - old boy named Robbie , and that the ordeal lasted a little more than six weeks .
4 Facts 16 – 20
16 .
One of the most famous scenes in the movie and the shot used for the posters and the cover of the DVD / VHS releases was inspired by the 1954 painting “ Empire of Light ” ( “ L’Empire des lumières ” ) by René Magritte .
It is the scene where Fr. Merrin steps out of a cab and stands in front of the MacNeil residence bathed in an eerie glow .
17 . Linda Blair injured her back when a piece of the rig broke as she was thrown about on the bed
18 . Linda Blair received her Best Supporting Actress Oscar nomination before it was widely known that previous Supporting Actress winner Mercedes McCambridge had actually provided the voice of the demon .
By Academy rules once Blair was given the nomination it could not be withdrawn , but the controversy about Blair being given credit for another actress ’ work ruined her chances of winning the award .
19 .
For the vomiting sequences , Eileen Dietz doubled ( uncredited ) for Linda Blair , and later sued unsuccessfully for puking credit .
Makeup veteran Dick Smith rigged Dietz ’s facial contours with sheets of heat - formed plexiglass that were secured at the corners of her mouth and behind her head .
A camouflaged nozzle anchored in Dietz ’s oral cavity provided the apparatus through which the “ vomit ” could be forcefully discharged , fed by supply tubes discreetly embedded in the plexiglass on both sides of her face .
Such was the complexity of the set - up that Dietz could barely swallow or close her mouth .
20 .
The “ Exorcist steps ” , 75 ( or 74 – one is very small ) stone steps at the end of M Street in Georgetown , were padded with 1/2 ″ - thick rubber to film the death of Father Karras .
The stuntman tumbled down the stairs twice .
Georgetown University students charged people around $ 5 each to watch the stunt from the rooftops .
5 Facts 21 – 25
21 . Due to death threats against Linda Blair from religious zealots who believed the film “ glorified Satan ” , Warner Bros . had bodyguards protecting her for six months after the film ’s release .
22 . The demon that possesses Regan MacNeil is actually named Pazuzu , however the demon ’s name is never mentioned in any way in either version of ‘ The Exorcist ’ ( or ‘ The Exorcist : The Restored Version ’ ) .
During the film Pazuzu lies to Father Damien Karras claiming to be the actual Devil .
Conversations with Father Lankester Merrin show this claim to be false
23 . Mercedes McCambridge regurgitated on a mixture of chewed , mushy apple and raw egg to produce the sound effect of Regan ’s projectile vomiting .
24 .
At one point the search for a young actress capable of playing Regan was so trying that William Friedkin claims he even considered auditioning adult dwarf actors .
25 .
There are tales about ominous events surrounding the year - long shoot , including the deaths of nine people associated with the production and stories about a mysterious fire that destroyed the set one weekend .
Actors Jack MacGowran ( who played Burke Dennings ) and Vasiliki Maliaros ( Father Karras ’ Mother ) died before the film was released .
Mind how you handle your student loans aspiring lawyers , or you could find your debt hurting more than your bank accounts .
Loans could derail your career before it can start .
That is the message in a decision by a panel of five New York judges denying one would - be lawyer , Robert Bowman , admission to the bar because his debt approached half a million dollars .
“ His application demonstrates a course of action amounting to neglect of financial responsibilities with respect to the student loans he has accumulated since 1983 , ” the judges wrote in a decision issued late last week .
They went on to criticize his “ dealing with the lenders . ”
The decision , which comes as students borrow ever larger sums to cover the cost of higher education , blocked Mr. Bowman ’s effort to have his bar application reconsidered after it was initially denied earlier this year .
His long struggle to enter the legal profession was the subject of an article in The New York Times in July .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
IN THE OLD - GROWTH forests of the Pacific Northwest grows a bulbous , prehistoric - looking mushroom called agarikon .
It prefers to colonize century - old Douglas fir trees , growing out of their trunks like an ugly mole on a finger .
When I first met Paul Stamets , a mycologist who has spent more than three decades hunting , studying , and tripping on mushrooms , he had found only two of these unusual fungi , each time by accident — or , as he might put it , divine intervention .
Stamets believes that unlocking agar­i­kon ’s secrets may be as important to the future of human health as Alexander Fleming ’s discovery of penicillium mold ’s antibiotic properties more than 80 years ago .
And so on a sunny July day , Stamets is setting off on a voyage along the coastal islands of southern British Columbia in hopes of bagging more of the endangered fungus before deforestation or climate change irreparably alters the ecosystems where it makes its home .
Agarikon may be ready to save us — but we may have to save it first .
Joining Stamets on the 43 - foot schooner Misty Isles are his wife , Dusty , a few close friends , and four research assistants from Fungi Perfecti , his Olympia , Washington - based company , which sells medicinal mushroom extracts , edible mushroom kits , mushroom doggie treats , and Stamets ’ most recent treatise , Mycelium Running : How Mushrooms Can Help Save the World .
“ What we ’re doing here could save millions of lives , ” he tells me on the first morning of the three - day , 120 - mile voyage .
“ It ’s fun , it ’s bizarre , and very much borders on something spiritual . ”
A few months earlier , the University of Illinois - Chicago ’s Institute for Tuberculosis Research sent Stamets its analysis of a dozen agarikon strains that he ’d cultured in his own lab .
The institute found the fungus to be extraordinarily active against XDR - TB , a rare type of tuberculosis that is resistant to even the most effective drug treatments .
Project BioShield , the Department of Health and Human Services ’ biodefense program , has found that agarikon is highly resistant to many flu viruses including , when combined with other mushrooms , bird flu .
And a week before the trip , the National Center for Natural Products Research , a federally funded lab at the University of Mississippi , concluded that it showed resistance to orthopox viruses including smallpox — without any apparent toxicity .
The potential implications are obvious : Most Americans under 35 have not been vaccinated for smallpox , and experts fear the current supply of the vaccine may be insufficient in case of a bioterror attack .
A bird flu pandemic within the decade is even likelier .
Currently , agarikon is being tested to see if it can also fight off the H1N1 swine flu virus .
“ When you mention mushrooms people either think magic mushrooms or portobellos .
Their eyes glaze over , ” Stamets laments .
That a homely , humble fungus could fight off virulent diseases like smallpox and TB might seem odd , until one realizes that even though the animal kingdom branched off from the fungi kingdom around 650 million years ago , humans and fungi still have nearly half of their DNA in common and are susceptible to many of the same infections .
( Referring to fungi as “ our ancestors ” is one of the many zingers that Stamets likes to feed audiences . )
On the first morning of our journey , agarikon remains elusive .
From the deck of the Misty Isles , the white heads of bald eagles pop out of the dense green slopes of Mink Island , generating false sightings of the chalky mushroom in the treetops .
“ People say , ‘ Everywhere you mycologists look , you see mushrooms , ' ” Stamets says , focusing his binoculars .
He laughs .
“ It ’s true .
The thing about mushroom hunters is , they tend to burn an image of a mushroom on their retina .
Then you end up overlaying that image on the landscape .
The mushrooms seem to jump out at you . ”
STAMETS IS of medium height and stocky build .
His graying beard , round face , and glasses recall Jerry Garcia .
As he tells it , mushrooms came into his life because of a humiliating stuttering habit .
“ I always stared at the ground and could n’t look people in the eye , ” he recounts .
“ That ’s how I found fungi . ”
He remembers pelting his seven - year - old twin brother with puffball mushrooms , watching the spores explode in his face .
But Stamets did n’t get serious about mushrooms until he was 18 , when he ingested psilocybin mushrooms for the first time .
Hallucinating alone in the Ohio countryside , he got caught in a summer thunderstorm and climbed a tree for shelter .
Waiting out the storm , Stamets examined his life .
“ I asked myself , ‘ Well Paul , why do you stutter so much ? ’
So I repeated , ‘ Stop stuttering now , ’ over and over again , hundreds of times .
The next morning , someone asked , ‘ Hi Paul , how are you ? ’
I looked him right in the eye and said , ‘ I ’m fine , how are you ? ’
I did n’t even stutter .
That was when I realized mushrooms were really important to me . ”
Not long after his first trip , Stamets enrolled in college but dropped out to work as a logger .
He eventually graduated from Olympia ’s Evergreen State College , whose unofficial motto , Omnia Extares , roughly translates as “ Let it all hang out . ”
While studying biology and electron microscopy , he pioneered research on psilocybin , discovering four new species and writing a definitive field guide .
Unable to afford grad school , Stamets started Fungi Perfecti and published The Mushroom Cultivator , which remains a classic within the subculture of mushroom enthusiasts .
( He once spotted a copy on the bookshelf of one of the directors of the Pentagon ’s Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency . )
Stamets began distancing himself from the magic mushroom crowd about nine years ago .
“ The problem with the psychedelic scene , ” he told me while driving near his vacation home on Cortes Island , the Grateful Dead playing on the stereo , “ is that people contemplate their belly buttons and do n’t get anything done .
I wanted to save lives and the ecosystem . ”
Yet he still credits psilocybin with giving him a sense of purpose .
Stamets , who has a black belt in Tae Kwon Do , used to spend hours executing complex martial arts routines in the mountains as he tripped .
“ I had these visions of myself as a mycological warrior in defense of the planet . ”
While studying the medicinal uses of fungi , Stamets built an extensive library of wild mushroom cultures harvested from the virgin forests of the Pacific Northwest .
“ It ’s my most valuable asset , ” he says .
In the event of a fire , “ everything can burn .
I ’m grabbing my test tubes and running . ”
His tinkering has yielded many surprising discoveries about mushrooms and mycelium , the cobweblike , often hidden network of cells that spawns them .
He ’s demonstrated that oyster mushroom mycelium can more effectively restore soils polluted by oil and gasoline than conventional treatments can ; in one eight - week experiment , the fungus broke down 95 percent of the hydrocarbons in a diesel - soaked patch of dirt .
He ’s used sacks of woodchips inoculated with oyster mycelium as filters to protect river habitats from pollutants such as farm runoff contaminated with coliform bacteria .
Recently , he proved that cellulosic ethanol could be produced with sugars extracted from decomposing fungi .
Insisting that he ’s merely a “ voice for the mycelium , ” Stamets says he can’t really take credit for his discoveries about an extraordinarily diverse and evolutionarily successful kingdom that modern science has scarcely explored .
Still , over the past four years , he has filed for twenty - two patents and received four .
“ I ’m up against big bad pharma , and they will try to steal from us .
I have no illusions about this , ” he says .
“ Truly , it ’s a David versus Goliath situation . ”
He asserts that after one of his public talks , in which he spoke about his discovery of a fungus that kills carpenter ants and termites by tricking them into eating it , he was approached by two retired pesticide industry executives .
Convinced that their former employers would feel threatened by this relatively cheap , nontoxic pesticide , Stamets claims , they advised him to watch his back .
Stamets ’ mother , a charismatic Christian , believes the only explanation for his unexpected discoveries is that he is chosen .
“ I ’m not that smart , ” he says .
“ I was the dumbest one in my family .
But I ’m just exceptionally lucky .
Other mycologists know more about mycopesticidal fungi than I do .
They missed it .
In the 2,000 - year history of Fomitopsis officinalis “ — agarikon ’s scientific name — ” I ’m the first one to discover it has antiviral properties ?
I do n’t get it , either . ”
“ Paul Stamets is a modern example of the amateur scientist from the 17th and 18th century who made wonderful contributions with only their native curiosity and keen sense of observation , ” explains Eric Rasmussen , a former Navy physician and researcher for the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency and the National Science Foundation , who now heads INSTEDD ( Innovative Support to Emergencies Diseases and Disasters ) , a Google - funded nonprofit that develops tech - nology to control disease outbreaks .
“ He ’s listened to in a lot of unexpected corners . ”
In 1997 , Battelle , a nonprofit R&D lab and a major Defense Department contractor , asked to screen more than two dozen strains of Stamets ’ fungi .
A few years later , it sent him back a classified report revealing the mushrooms to be highly effective in breaking down the neurotoxin VX , the illegal chemical weapon .
Soon afterward , DARPA invited Stamets to one of its brainstorming sessions .
In his role as an ambassador for an entire taxonomic kingdom , Stamets has been elevated to something of a cult figure .
“ I do have some crazies once in a while who believe that I ’m the messiah or that we ’re destined to be together , ” he said , by way of explaining the tight security around his Olympia compound .
“ That ’s sort of unnerving . ”
While we explored Cortes Island the day before setting sail , he occasionally texted with Leonardo DiCaprio , who had featured Stamets in his documentary The 11th Hour .
Anthony Kiedis , the singer of the Red Hot Chili Peppers , had planned to join the agarikon expedition until he broke his foot .
Stamets has “ hero status in my mind , ” Kiedis emailed me .
“ He opens himself up to information about fungi the same way I open myself to a new song that is out there waiting to be found . ”
Yet for all the acclaim , Stamets is still an outsider without a PhD or an academic or institutional sponsor .
That has made it hard for his work to be taken seriously in some circles —
” We are just weird enough that I think we frighten people , ” he says — but it ’s an identity that he ultimately relishes .
His inherently positive message — that we can tap a renewable natural resource to solve an array of environmental and medical challenges — has inspired a broad set of followers .
Stamets leads workshops on “ liberation mycology ” and delivered the plenary address at last year ’s national botany conference .
In February 2008 , he held forth at the TED ( Technology , Entertainment , Design ) Conference , the annual conclave of deep thinkers and tech gurus in California .
Afterward , Google ’s founders “ ambushed ” him with an invitation to their exclusive summer think tank , and Al Gore complimented him on an obscure chemical reference , saying , “ You taught me something I did n’t know about global warming . ”
“ NOT A SINGLE prospect …was pleasing to the eye , ” sneered Captain George Vancouver when he named this glacier - carved labyrinth of channels and fjords Desolation Sound after spending a cloudy week here in the summer of 1792 .
But under the clear July sky , it ’s sublime : the water a deep , glassy blue , the islands dark green .
Afternoon of the first day arrives without an agarikon sighting , so we head ashore to explore a patch of old growth .
Stamets ’ friends joke about his notorious “ death marches , ” but the jaunt proceeds at the leisurely pace of a chanterelle foray .
Fungi were among the first organisms to colonize land 1 billion years ago , long before plants .
A visitor to the planet 420 million years ago would have encountered a landscape dominated by fungi such as prototaxites , a bizarre - looking , 30 - foot - tall mushroom .
Contemporary fungi may be more discreet , but they ’re just as ubiquitous — and mysterious .
Fewer than 7 percent of the estimated 1.5 million species have been cataloged .
Mycologists have recently identified 1,200 species of mushrooms in just a few thousand square feet of Guyanese rainforest , half of them previously unknown to science .
As we walk , Stamets points out that the spongy feeling under our feet is a vast subterranean network of mycelium .
Stamets refers to mycelium as “ nature ’s Internet , ” a superhighway of information - sharing membranes that govern the flow of essential nutrients around an ecosystem .
A honey mushroom mycelium that covers 2,200 acres in eastern Oregon is thought to be the world ’s largest organism .
When Stamets saw mycelium for the first time , growing like a spiderweb across a log , he brought it home and tacked it onto his bedroom wall .
Mycelium ’s labyrinthine tendrils prevent erosion , retain water , and break down dead plants into ingredients other organisms can use to make soil .
Stamets likes to call fungi “ soil magicians . ”
Yet it can be difficult to champion an organism that grows out of poop or decaying wood , can be deceptively toxic , and appears extraterrestrial .
Stamets says American society is pervaded by “ mycophobia ” — an irrational fear of fungi that he traces back to England , whose medical tradition equates mushrooms with decay and decomposition .
Stamets has little patience with those who disrespect mushrooms .
“ I hate the word ‘ shrooms , ' ” he says .
“ Pet peeves : Do n’t kick mushrooms in my presence and do n’t use the word ‘ shrooms . ' ”
The summer dry season has subdued the mushroom population , but as we walk and my mind becomes more focused they soon pop into view : bracket fungi growing like ledges across a fallen log , a fragile cup - capped mushroom camouflaged in leaf litter .
Logging has razed the Pacific Northwest ’s old growth ; less than 20 percent of the original forest is still standing .
A handful of mushroom species , including agarikon , depends on this diverse habitat , whose disappearance Stamets views as not just a lost opportunity but a national security concern .
The cancer drug Taxol was derived from the bark of Pacific yew trees , a conifer native to the Northwest .
( See “ Natural Selections . ” )
And tests of 18 of the 28 strains of agarikon Stamets has cultured have found varying levels of antiviral potency , indicating the great diversity even within a single fungus species , adding to the urgency of protecting its dwindling habitat .
It ’s conceivable that the most powerful strain is growing on a tree in a logging concession somewhere .
Foresters long assumed agarikon caused trees to rot , and preemptively logged them .
Stamets , however , believes it actually protects trees from parasitic fungi .
“ The tree says , ‘ I will accept you , Mr. Agarikon , but I want you to protect me .
Give me life , and I will give you my body . ' ”
In the weeks before our cruise , the National Center for Natural Products Research identified the structures of the molecules responsible for agarikon ’s antiviral properties .
It found the molecules to be more active in the laboratory than the smallpox antiviral Cidofovir .
Reverse engineering mushrooms ’ complex chemical creations to synthesize a new drug is a slow and costly process ;
Stamets estimates that he ’s sunk more than $ 400,000 of his own money into the effort .
The next step toward developing a pharmaceutical is mammal studies , a gamble that the venture capitalists he has met with are so far unwilling to fund .
“ I ’ve seen the lab results .
I know it has potential , ” says Rasmussen of INSTEDD .
“ What I do n’t know is how it performs in clinical trials .
And that ’s a deeply frustrating situation to be in — to see this level of activity against nasty bacteria and viruses and not have the ability to begin clinical trials and work up the scale to human trials and see what the most effective delivery method is , what the dosing needs to be , what the side effects will be — and I think there will be very few .
I mean , it ’s a mushroom , for God ’s sake . ”
Thus far , the active ingredients in agarikon show no or very little toxicity .
Stamets has long had a hunch that agarikon could be a pharmaceutical powerhouse .
He knew from historic texts that other cultures had tapped into its medicinal properties .
In the year 65 , the Greek physician Dioscorides described it as a treatment for “ consumption ” — an early name for tuberculosis .
A 19th century British text noted that it was still prescribed “ to diminish bronchial secretion . ”
Agarikon was also highly valued by the Coast Salish First Nations peoples of British Columbia .
The Haida of British Columbia ’s Queen Charlotte Islands are said to have carved the tough , leathery fungus into spirit figures and placed them on the graves of shamans to protect them from evil spirits .
Mushrooms also figure prominently in Haida mythology : Women , it is said , came into existence after a “ Fungus Man ” found shells that resembled vaginas .
The Haida knew that boiling agarikon , which they called “ ghost bread , ” into a tea helped with lung problems .
Tragically , they never discovered what Stamets is now finding : that the mycelium running through the tree bark is resistant to smallpox , which decimated the Haida when the British brought the virus to the region in the late 1700s .
A few years ago , Stamets visited the Haida Nation ’s president .
Oral traditions had kept the mushroom ’s reputation alive , but its secrets had been forgotten .
“ I know my grandmother knew about this fungus , ” the Haida leader told Stamets , “ but after the smallpox epidemic we lost all of our elders , and we lost all of this knowledge . ”
AS THE MISTY ISLES sails alongside East Redonda Island , all binoculars on deck look for snags — craggy treetops that indicate an old , decaying Douglas fir , agarikon ’s ideal habitat .
The captain , a Canadian named Mike , thinks we’d be interested in seeing some Haida pictographs on the northeast shore .
The paintings come into view — crude red shapes on a granite face , sheltered by an overhang .
Suddenly , from behind binoculars , a researcher yells , “ There ’s one ! ”
Our attention pivots toward a dense cluster of trees about 100 feet to the left of the pictographs , where I can barely make out a white blob growing on a Douglas fir .
“ Oh my , it ’s huge ! ” Stamets cries .
“ It ’s like the Moby Dick of agarikon … the biggest one I ’ve ever seen in my life !
How cosmic , right where the pictographs are !
God , you ’re a beautiful column .
It ’s got to be 70 , 100 years old . ”
Mike anchors Misty and I ride to shore with Stamets in an inflatable boat .
We walk to the base of the tree and gaze up at the agarikon , 20 feet off the ground .
The fungus is two feet long and resembles a bloated , mutant caterpillar , tubular and segmented .
It is growing around a stubby branch poking out from the tree .
Stamets believes that it probably fell from higher up , accidentally landed on the branch , and then calcified the wood to provide itself with a sturdy perch — an unusual occurrence he ’s never seen before .
From the pictograph site , someone calls out that one of the paintings appears to be of Fungus Man .
“ No way , no way ! ” Stamets exclaims .
“ Fungus Man is there ?
Oh boy , oh boy , I ’m getting shivers up and down my spine now . ”
He takes three deep breaths .
“ We may have discovered a mystery that no one ever knew — that the pictographs exist here because of agarikon .
I feel like this is a fulfillment of a dream .
We ’re so lucky .
Unbelievable .
See , this is the thing about mushrooms :
It ’s not luck .
There ’s something else going on here .
We ’ve been guided .
But this is what happens .
All of our big finds , we have been led . ”
It also happens to be Stamets ’ 53rd birthday .
Stamets grabs a long stick and reaches up to poke the fungus .
It wo n’t budge .
He pokes again .
“ We really should n’t take it , ” he concludes .
“ We should be honored that we found it .
This is now supersacred . ”
He lets the agarikon be and walks over to check out the pictographs .
Fading from time and the elements , the rock paintings depict a dolphin , a turtle , and a two - foot - high figure with stick arms , big round eyes , and what seems to be a mushroom cap growing out of its round head .
Is it Fungus Man ?
The afternoon sun is falling behind the island , so we leave the question unresolved and set Misty back on course .
Just before dusk we reach the mouth of the Toba Inlet , a fjord carved into Canada ’s mainland , flanked by high slopes of Douglas fir , red cedar , and alder .
We dock at a lone fishing lodge , and from an outdoor hot tub , we enjoy the tranquility that the salty George Vancouver once described as “ an awful silence ” pervading “ the gloomy forest . ”
Captain Mike grills salmon and Stamets con­siders the day ’s events .
“ I ’m glad we did n’t take it , ” he says .
“ When I had the stick in my hand , I felt , ‘ Something does n’t feel right about this . ’
I thought , ‘ If this is gonna come down just with a touch , I ’ll take it .
But if it gives me resistance , I ’m stopping . ' ”
( He returned the following month with a team of researchers to retrieve samples . )
Toward the end of our last day at sea , Misty turns down the east side of Cortes Island .
Stamets spots another agarikon growing 35 feet above the water under the bottom branch of a Douglas fir , sweating beads of amber .
He goes ashore for a closer look ; while the fungus appears to be dead , he believes the mycelium running up the tree is still alive .
Climbing onto an overhanging rock , he finds another one growing in a tree , a sign of an old colony .
Back on deck , Stamets looks across the open water .
“ How is history going to remember you ? ” he wonders .
“ How is Fleming remembered ?
How are people who have saved millions of lives remembered ?
I want to die with a smile on my face . ”
He then strips off his clothes and dives into Desolation Sound .
Massachusetts Sen .
Ted Kennedy , known as the " Lion of the Senate , " died Tuesday at 77 .
( CNN ) -- Massachusetts Sen. Edward Kennedy , the patriarch of the first family of Democratic politics , died late Tuesday at his home in Hyannis Port , Massachusetts .
He was 77 .
Kennedy , known as the " Lion of the Senate , " died after a lengthy battle with brain cancer .
" We 've lost the irreplaceable center of our family and joyous light in our lives , but the inspiration of his faith , optimism and perseverance will live on in our hearts forever , " a family statement said .
" We thank everyone who gave him care and support over this last year , and everyone who stood with him for so many years in his tireless march for progress toward justice . "
Timeline : Follow Kennedy 's life and career
Kennedy will be buried at Arlington National Cemetery , just a few feet from the graves of his brothers .
He is eligible for burial at Arlington due to his congressional service and his tenure in the Army from 1951 to 1953 .
Learn more about Kennedy 's funeral arrangements »
Kennedy , nicknamed " Ted , " was the younger brother of slain President John F. Kennedy and New York Sen.
Robert Kennedy , who was gunned down while seeking the White House in 1968 .
However , his own presidential aspirations were hobbled by the controversy around a 1969 auto accident that left a young woman dead , and a 1980 primary challenge to then - President Jimmy Carter that ended in defeat .
View reaction from public figures
But while the White House eluded his grasp , the longtime Massachusetts senator was considered one of the most effective legislators of the past few decades .
Kennedy played major roles in passage of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 , the Voting Rights Act of 1965 , the 1990 Americans with Disabilities Act and the 1993 Family and Medical Leave Act , and was an outspoken liberal standard - bearer during a conservative - dominated era from the 1980s to the early 2000s .
Watch retrospective on Kennedy 's storied career »
President Obama will deliver a eulogy at Kennedy 's funeral on Saturday .
He was " not only one of the greatest senators of our time , but one of the most accomplished Americans ever to serve our democracy , " Obama said , speaking to reporters during his vacation in Martha 's Vineyard , Massachusetts .
" His extraordinary life on this earth has come to an end .
The extraordinary good that he did lives on .
For his family , he was a guardian .
For America , he was the defender of a dream . "
Obama said that Americans knew Kennedy 's death was coming for some time , but have been " awaiting it with no small amount of dread . "
Choking back tears , Vice President Joe Biden said his family was " truly distressed " by Kennedy 's death .
" We lost a truly remarkable man , " Biden said during an event in Washington .
" He 's left a great void in our public life . "
Watch what Kennedy did for Biden »
" He was probably best known for the ability to work with Republicans , " said Adam Clymer , Kennedy 's biographer .
" The Republican Party raised hundreds of millions of dollars with direct appeal to protect the country from Ted Kennedy , but there was never a piece of legislation that he ever got passed without a major Republican ally . "
Kennedy recently urged Massachusetts officials to change a law to allow for an immediate temporary replacement should a vacancy occur for one of his state 's two Senate seats .
Watch why Kennedy sought change in state law »
Under a 2004 Massachusetts law , a special election must be held 145 to 160 days after a Senate seat becomes vacant .
The winner of the election would serve the remainder of a senator 's unexpired term .
Kennedy asked Gov. Deval Patrick and state leaders to " amend the law through the normal legislative process to provide for a temporary gubernatorial appointment until the special election occurs , " according to the letter , dated July 2 .
Read Kennedy 's letter
Kennedy suffered a seizure in May 2008 at his home on Cape Cod .
Shortly after , doctors diagnosed a brain tumor -- a malignant glioma in his left parietal lobe .
Surgeons at Duke University Medical Center in Durham , North Carolina , removed as much of the tumor as possible the following month .
Doctors considered the procedure a success , and Kennedy underwent follow - up radiation treatments and chemotherapy .
A few weeks later , he participated in a key vote in the Senate .
He also insisted on making a brief but dramatic appearance at the 2008 Democratic convention , a poignant moment that brought the crowd to its feet and tears to many eyes .
Kennedy died one year to the day after that appearance .
" I have come here tonight to stand with you to change America , to restore its future , to rise to our best ideals and to elect Barack Obama president of the United States , " Kennedy told fellow Democrats in a strong voice .
Kennedy 's early support for Obama was considered a boon for the candidate , then a first - term senator from Illinois locked in a tough primary battle against former first lady Hillary Clinton .
Kennedy predicted Obama 's victory and pledged to be in Washington in January when Obama assumed office -- and he was , though he was hospitalized briefly after suffering a seizure during a post- inaugural luncheon .
Kennedy was one of only six senators in U.S. history to serve more than 40 years .
He was elected to eight full terms to become the second - most senior senator after West Virginia Democrat Robert Byrd .
iReport.com : Share tributes to Kennedy
He launched his political career in 1962 , when he was elected to finish the unexpired Senate term of his brother , who had become president in 1961 .
He won his first full term in 1964 .
He seemed to have a bright political future , and many Democratic eyes turned to him after the killings of his brothers .
But a July 18 , 1969 , car wreck on Chappaquiddick Island virtually ended his ambitions .
After a party for women who had worked on his brother Robert 's presidential campaign , Kennedy drove his car off a bridge on Chappaquiddick , off Cape Cod and across a narrow channel from Martha 's Vineyard .
While Kennedy managed to escape , his passenger , Mary Jo Kopechne , drowned .
In a coroner 's inquest , he denied having been drunk , and said he made " seven or eight " attempts to save Kopechne before exhaustion forced him to shore .
Although he sought help from friends at the party , Kennedy did not report the accident to police until the following morning .
Kennedy eventually pleaded guilty to leaving the scene of an accident .
In a televised address to residents of his home state , Kennedy called his conduct in the hours following the accident " inexplicable " and called his failure to report the wreck immediately " indefensible . "
Despite the dent in his reputation and career , Kennedy remained in American politics and went on to win seven more terms in the Senate .
Kennedy championed social causes and was the author of " In Critical Condition : The Crisis in America 's Health Care . "
He served as chairman of the Judiciary and Health , Education , Labor , and Pensions committees and was the ranking Democrat on the Judiciary and Armed Services committees during periods when Republicans controlled the chamber .
Obama named Kennedy as one of 16 recipients of the 2009 Presidential Medal of Freedom , America 's highest civilian honor .
A White House statement explained that the 2009 honorees " were chosen for their work as agents of change . "
" Senator Kennedy has dedicated his career to fighting for equal opportunity , fairness and justice for all Americans .
He has worked tirelessly to ensure that every American has access to quality and affordable health care , and has succeeded in doing so for countless children , seniors , and Americans with disabilities .
He has called health care reform the " cause of his life . "
Watch a historian 's take on Kennedy 's legacy »
Born in Boston on February 22 , 1932 , Edward Moore Kennedy was the last of nine children of Joseph P. Kennedy , a prominent businessman and Democrat , and Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy .
Joseph Kennedy served as ambassador to Britain before World War II and pushed his sons to strive for the presidency , a burden " Teddy " bore for much of his life as the only surviving Kennedy son .
His oldest brother , Joe Jr. , died in a plane crash during World War II when Kennedy was 12 .
John was assassinated in Dallas , Texas , in 1963 , and Robert was killed the night of the California primary in 1968 .
Ted Kennedy delivered Robert 's eulogy , urging mourners to remember him as " a good and decent man who saw wrong and tried to right it ; who saw suffering and tried to heal it ; who saw war and tried to stop it . "
The family was plagued with other tragedies as well .
One sister , Kathleen , was killed in a plane crash in 1948 .
Another sister , Rosemary , was born mildly retarded , but was institutionalized after a botched lobotomy in 1941 .
She died in 2005 after more than 60 years in mental hospitals .
Joseph Kennedy was incapacitated by a stroke in 1961 and died in November 1969 , leaving the youngest son as head of the family .
He was 37 .
" I can't let go , " Kennedy once told an aide .
" If I let go , Ethel [ Robert 's widow ] will let go , and my mother will let go , and all my sisters . "
His sister Eunice Kennedy Shriver , founder of the Special Olympics , died August 11 .
The ailing senator was unable to attend her funeral .
His mother , Rose Kennedy , died in Hyannis Port at age 104 in 1995 .
Kennedy himself survived a 1964 plane crash that killed an aide , suffering a broken back in the accident .
But he recovered to lead the seemingly ill - starred clan through a series of other tragedies : Robert Kennedy 's son David died of a drug overdose in a Florida hotel in 1984 ; another of Robert 's sons , Michael , was killed in a skiing accident in Colorado in 1997 ; and John 's son John Jr. , his wife Carolyn and sister - in - law Lauren Bessette died in a 1999 plane crash off Martha 's Vineyard .
In addition , his son Edward Jr. lost a leg to cancer in the 1970s , and daughter Kara survived a bout with the disease in the early 2000s .
Kennedy was forced to testify about a bar - hopping weekend that led to sexual battery charges against his nephew , William Kennedy Smith .
Smith was acquitted in 1991 of charges that he raped a woman he met while at a Florida nightclub with the senator and his son Patrick , now a Rhode Island congressman .
Like brothers John and Robert , Edward Kennedy attended Harvard .
He studied in the Netherlands before earning a law degree from the University of Virginia Law School , and worked in the district attorney 's office in Boston before entering politics .
Kennedy is survived by his second wife , Victoria Ann Reggie Kennedy , whom he married in 1992 ; his first wife , Joan Bennett ; and five children -- Patrick , Kara and Edward Jr. from his first marriage , and Curran and Caroline Raclin from his second .
All About Edward M. Kennedy
In concrete terms , an additional $ 500 billion a year in interest expense would total more than the combined federal budgets this year for education , energy , homeland security and the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .
The potential for rapidly escalating interest payouts is just one of the wrenching challenges facing the United States after decades of living beyond its means .
The surge in borrowing over the last year or two is widely judged to have been a necessary response to the financial crisis and the deep recession , and there is still a raging debate over how aggressively to bring down deficits over the next few years .
But there is little doubt that the United States ’ long - term budget crisis is becoming too big to postpone .
Americans now have to climb out of two deep holes : as debt - loaded consumers , whose personal wealth sank along with housing and stock prices ; and as taxpayers , whose government debt has almost doubled in the last two years alone , just as costs tied to benefits for retiring baby boomers are set to explode .
The competing demands could deepen political battles over the size and role of the government , the trade - offs between taxes and spending , the choices between helping older generations versus younger ones , and the bottom - line questions about who should ultimately shoulder the burden .
“ The government is on teaser rates , ” said Robert Bixby , executive director of the Concord Coalition , a nonpartisan group that advocates lower deficits .
“ We ’re taking out a huge mortgage right now , but we wo n’t feel the pain until later . ”
So far , the demand for Treasury securities from investors and other governments around the world has remained strong enough to hold down the interest rates that the United States must offer to sell them .
Indeed , the government paid less interest on its debt this year than in 2008 , even though it added almost $ 2 trillion in debt .
The government ’s average interest rate on new borrowing last year fell below 1 percent .
For short - term i.o.u.’s like one - month Treasury bills , its average rate was only sixteen - hundredths of a percent .
Trivia
As part of his question and answer session after screening My Name Is Bruce ( 2007 ) , Bruce Campbell said that he will not be returning as Elvis for this film as he and director Don Coscarelli " could n't agree on what the movie should be about " .
See more
Rihanna has said a reconciliation with Chris Brown was ' embarrassing ' R&B singer Rihanna has said the " humiliating " leak of naked photographs of her was " the worst thing that could possibly ever happen to me " .
The star told US radio station
Hot 97 she had originally sent the pictures , which appeared online earlier this year , to an ex-boyfriend .
But she defended the initial decision to take the photographs , which she described as " hot " .
" If you do n't send your boyfriend naked pictures , then I feel bad for him . "
It was humiliating and it was embarrassing - especially my mum having to see that and it was two days before Mother 's Day
Rihanna
The 21 - year - old singer has had a rough year , after being assaulted by former boyfriend Chris Brown in February .
Brown , himself an R&B singer , was sentenced to five years ' probation for assaulting Rihanna in August .
He has since apologised to fans for his actions .
' Embarrassing '
The naked pictures of Rihanna appeared on the internet in May .
" I just felt like my whole privacy was taken before that and then , when that came out , I thought , 'oh great , so now there 's nothing they do n't know about me and my private life ' , " Rihanna told Hot 97 .
" It was humiliating and it was embarrassing - especially my mum having to see that .
It was two days before Mother 's Day , so I was nervous .
" I sent her flowers first before I called and then she texted me - when the world is against me she 's always there supporting . "
The singer added : " If it 's wrong , she will still let me know but she would n't come down on me like , 'oh my God , what were you thinking ? '
Earlier this month , Rihanna opened up about her assault , telling ABC's Good Morning America programme " it could happen to anybody " .
She said she now found her brief reconciliation with Brown " embarrassing " .
" I realised that my selfish decision for love could result in some young girl getting killed , " she added .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I 've uploaded the first release of App:: Pod2CpanHtml to CPAN .
The main purpose of this module is to install a pod2 cpanhtml executable for converting Pod to search .cpan style HTML .
pod2cpanhtml SomeModule.pm > some_module.html
I initially wrote the executable in response to a question on PerlMonks .
It is just a very thin wrapper around Pod : : Simple : : HTML combined with the search .cpan CSS .
I find that I use this utility all the time , for generating HTML docs and for proof reading documentation prior to uploading it to CPAN , so I thought that I may as well make a module out of it .
This also serves as an answer to the frequently asked question " How do I create HTML docs like on CPAN " .
The main reason that the module produces HTML output that looks like search .cpan is that it uses the same CSS style sheet .
I 'm not sure who wrote that but they deserve some praise for achieving a clear , uncluttered and appealing layout .
A source close to the British Labour Government has just given me reliable information about the most radical copyright proposal I 've ever seen .
Secretary of State Peter Mandelson is planning to introduce changes to the Digital Economy Bill now under debate in Parliament .
These changes will give the Secretary of State ( Mandelson — or his successor in the next government ) the power to make " secondary legislation " ( legislation that is passed without debate ) to amend the provisions of Copyright , Designs and Patents Act ( 1988 ) .
What that means is that an unelected official would have the power to do anything without Parliamentary oversight or debate , provided it was done in the name of protecting copyright .
Mandelson elaborates on this , giving three reasons for his proposal :
1 . The Secretary of State would get the power to create new remedies for online infringements ( for example , he could create jail terms for file - sharing , or create a " three - strikes " plan that costs entire families their internet access if any member stands accused of infringement )
2 . The Secretary of State would get the power to create procedures to " confer rights " for the purposes of protecting rightsholders from online infringement .
( for example , record labels and movie studios can be given investigative and enforcement powers that allow them to compel ISPs , libraries , companies and schools to turn over personal information about Internet users , and to order those companies to disconnect users , remove websites , block URLs , etc )
3 . The Secretary of State would get the power to " impose such duties , powers or functions on any person as may be specified in connection with facilitating online infringement " ( for example , ISPs could be forced to spy on their users , or to have copyright lawyers examine every piece of user - generated content before it goes live ; also , copyright " militias " can be formed with the power to police copyright on the web )
Mandelson is also gunning for sites like YouSendIt and other services that allow you to easily transfer large files back and forth privately ( I use YouSendIt to send podcasts back and forth to my sound - editor during production ) .
Like Viacom , he 's hoping to force them to turn off any feature that allows users to keep their uploads private , since privacy flags can be used to keep infringing files out of sight of copyright enforcers .
This is as bad as I 've ever seen , folks .
It 's a declaration of war by the entertainment industry and their captured regulators against the principles of free speech , privacy , freedom of assembly , the presumption of innocence , and competition .
This proposal creates the office of Pirate - Finder General , with unlimited power to appoint militias who are above the law , who can pry into every corner of your life , who can disconnect you from your family , job , education and government , who can fine you or put you in jail .
More to follow , I 'm sure , once Open Rights Group and other activist organizations get working on this .
In the meantime , tell every Briton you know .
If we can't stop this , it 's beginning of the end for the net in Britain .
Police are trying to close a growing Schoolies Facebook group they say could induce the wrong behaviour at this month 's annual celebration of high school graduates .
The Schoolies Point Scoring System group , highlighted by brisbanetimes.com.au on Monday , now has more than 3700 members .
The light - hearted site details points criteria for such achievements as being hospitalised , streaking , getting a tattoo and losing your virginity .
Drinking and fighting ... a brawl erupts at Schoolies Week on the Gold Coast .
Credit : Paul Harris
Police , though , say it is not laughing matter .
" Certainly it is an irresponsible person who has put it on there , " said Gold Coast Police Superintendent Jim Keogh .
Canadian literary master Alistair MacLeod has spent 13 years rewriting , editing and perfecting this extraordinary tale of Scottish immigration to Canada .
No Great Mischief begins in Scotland in 1745 with the fateful revolt on Culloden Moor , when several clans began their exodus to Cape Breton and the Hebrides .
The book traces the often violent , always stirring history of Scots in Canada .
Through unequalled prose and craftsmanship , MacLeod paints a portrait of a people that are a huge part of Canada 's history and culture .
read more
[ Updated ]
The posting last Thursday on Craigslist was alarming .
Someone was selling a Modern Warfare 2 Xbox 360 bundle , with both a console and a game , for $ 500 .
The problem was that Modern Warfare 2 , one of the most anticipated games of the year , does n’t officially go on sale until Nov. 10 .
Activision Blizzard , the game ’s publisher , called in IPCybercrime.com , a Dallas private investigation firm that specializes in online investigations .
The investigators tracked down the seller and stumbled into a scheme to pirate the game and sell a bunch of fake copies over the Internet .
While the bust led to the arrest of just one hacker among many , it sheds light on the shadowy underground of the business of illegal piracy .
It also offers a peek at how investigators try to head off a major piracy disaster before it happens .
“ It all happened very fast , ” said Rob Holmes , owner of IPCybercrime .
“ If these guys get their stuff out , then they can do some major damage to sales and spoil it for everybody .
We plug leaks every day , but this was one of the biggest ones of the year . ”
The investigators started by calling the Craigslist ad phone number and talking with the seller , who said he had two items for sale .
They negotiated a deal to buy two bundles for $ 800 each .
Then IPCybercrime dispatched its investigators in Los Angeles to perform an undercover pickup .
Then another Craigslist ad appeared for the same Modern Warfare 2 bundle .
A search on social networks revealed that the first seller was a friend of the second seller .
And the second seller said on his social networking page that he worked as a “ box boy at a major retail chain . ”
IPCybercrime ’s client , Activision Blizzard , approached the sellers , who then admitted having stolen a crate of the bundles from the backroom of a game retail store .
Then IPCybercrime folks turned the case over to the loss prevention department at the retailer , which dealt with the thieves .
This kind of inside job involving physical theft is becoming common , though it ’s hard to do because retailers get a major game just a week in advance and then lock the boxes up in a high - security part of their warehouses .
On Oct. 30 , the client told IPCybercrime that an individual going by the name “ cedelamo ” and “ cdelamo815 ” had posted a message on the piracy forum at xbox360iso.com .
[ Update :
The post asked for users to donate funds to him in exchange for copies of the game . ]
There was n’t an obvious way to track the person who made the post .
But IPCybercrime checked on Facebook to see if the email address belonged to someone with a Facebook account .
The search turned up a page for someone who was anonymously offering “ modding services . ”
Modders are people who hack into Xbox 360 systems and turn them into repositories for pirated games .
They stand in a gray area of the law , as it ’s legal to make your own backup copy of a copyrighted disk , but it ’s not OK to sell that copy commercially .
To evade the law , the modders often describe their services in ads as selling “ backup disks . ”
The Facebook page had a cell phone number and it said that customers could contact that number via text message .
Holmes ’ investigators stayed in contact with the person sending text messages for four days as they negotiated a business deal .
At one point , they convinced the person to call them with a cell phone .
Holmes called that number back and then managed to get a business address out of the person .
Meanwhile , the person on the web forum said that he had received a copy of Modern Warfare 2 on Oct. 30 .
Over the weekend , the hacker went to work on the copy protection built into the DVD disk with the game on it .
He cracked the code — something that is n’t that hard for hackers to do these days — [ update : apparently , there is n’t anything for him to crack ; it ’s just a copying process using a ripping code flashed onto an Xbox 360 . ] and announced that he had done so on Monday .
Coincidentally , pirate digital copies of Modern Warfare 2 flooded onto torrent sites , which are peer - to - peer sites for sharing software , on the same day .
That has likely caused untold losses for Activision Blizzard , Holmes said .
Holmes was looking into the business address he got from the Facebook modder .
The location ( pictured right ) was a computer business in Miami , owned by the subject ’s father , Hiram Del Amo .
IPCybercrime sent an investigator to the address and then determined that the cyberhacker was Christian Del Amo , an 18 - year - old who was known as a modder and had a site for selling modded Xbox 360 hard disks on iOffer.com , an eBay - like site .
The modder advertised 250 - gigabyte Western Digital hard drives , loaded with 125 copied games , for $ 150 ( pictured below ) .
[ Update :
Those games still had to be taken from the hard disk and burned onto disks to be playable in an Xbox 360 ] .
IPCybercrime handed the case over to the Miami - Dade police department .
They conducted a buy - bust sting where Del Amo had sent a “ runner ” to make the exchange .
The runner gave them a disk with the Modern Warfare 2 limited edition image on it .
That meant that not only was Del Amo making pirated digital copies on DVDs , he was also sophisticated enough to know how to make disks that look like legitimate copies .
On his Twitter account , Del Amo was in a conversation with an underground hologram maker .
Holograms can be used to make the disks look like legitimate copies of the game .
Those who bought the pirated game would be able to play it in modded Xbox 360s .
“ This kid was in a position to sell thousands of these , ” Holmes said .
Police interrogated the runner , who led them to Del Amo ’s home .
They then arrested Del Amo yesterday ( pictured right ) .
Del Amo ’s attorney has not returned a call for comment .
The whole process , from finding the first tip to the bust , took less than a week .
While the operation snagged a perpetrator , it did n’t move fast enough to prevent the massive copying of the game on the torrents on the Internet .
“ Hopefully it is a lesson , ” said Holmes .
“ If you try to do piracy on a large scale , you will get caught .
When you use the Internet , you always leave tracks somewhere . ”
Video : Hadrosaur running
Did four - legged dinosaurs gallop like a horse , run like an ostrich or hop like a kangaroo ?
All three have been suggested , but with only fossils to go on it ’s a difficult puzzle to solve .
That ’s why Bill Sellers , a computational zoologist at the University of Manchester , UK , has developed a new technique for simulating dinosaur movement and working out which gaits they most likely used .
Sellers and his team used a laser scanner to create a 3D computer model of the skeleton of an Edmontosaurus , a type of hadrosaur or “ duck - billed ” dinosaur , and added virtual muscles to make it move .
Fossilisation does not preserve a dinosaur ’s muscles , but educated guesses about how they worked can be made by studying animals alive today , such as ostriches .
Hopping not permitted
There ’s more to motion than muscles , however , as Sellers discovered .
His team began by using a supercomputer to try out different patterns of muscle activity at random and pick the pattern that moved the dinosaur furthest forward in 5 seconds .
By slightly varying the most successful patterns and repeating the process thousands of times , the computer simulation produced a variety of possible gaits .
And it turns out that a kangaroo - style hop on both legs gave a speed of 17 metres per second , while a four - legged gallop and two - legged run trailed at 16 m/s and 14 m/s respectively .
Advertisement
But there was a problem with this finding : fossils show no evidence that hadrosaurs could hop .
This led Sellers to investigate why this gait was not possible .
Further analysis revealed that the forces produced by hopping would shatter the dinosaur ’s bones .
Now that Sellers could calculate the load on a dinosaur ’s skeleton during motion , he could work out the maximum possible size of its muscles , beyond which the animal ’s bones would have been damaged .
This in turn helps to determine what gaits it would have been capable of .
For the hadrosaurs , a four - legged gallop would also have put too much stress on their bones , so it is most likely they moved at slower speeds on four legs and reared up to run on two .
“ The ability to simulate a variety of gaits in an extinct animal is exciting , but to get reliable bone stresses you need good muscle stresses and other data , ” says John Hutchinson , a biomechanics expert at the Royal Veterinary College in London , who previously developed a model for Tyrannosaurus rex locomotion .
“ I ’d like to see this proven with several living animals to see how wrong the answers can be , ” he adds .
Journal reference : Palaeontologia Electronica , vol 12 , issue 3 , 11A
Nach den beiden sehr guten „ All Sounds Electric “ Compilations kommt Critical Music mit seiner dritten Zusammenstellung an labeleigenen Tracks an den Start .
Auch hier gibt es wieder eine gute Auswahl an eklektischen Drum & Bass Stücken von u.a .
Break , Calibre , IllSkillz , Serum & Bladerunner und Sabre , die es nicht immer unbedingt auf den Floor abgesehen haben , sondern sich auch in anderen Gefilden heimisch fühlen können .
VA – Critical Sound ( Critical Music )
Preview & Download
Tracklist :
Break – People Are Different
Serum & Bladerunner – Images
Calibre – Tru Beat
Rockwell – Underpass
Sabre – Leaf
Illskillz – Black Rabbit
Spectrasoul – Wedgehead
Jubei – Outcast
Ramadanman – Reclaim
Kasra – Perception
Enei – Ten Years
One 87 – E3
Stray – Timbre
Triad – La Calma
Sabre & Kasra – Designated
Technicolour – Freedom Theme
Ratio – Transmission
Genotype – Never Stop
ArpXp ‚ Äì Surfaces
In a surprise twist to the search to discover the origins of he universe Pope Benedict and the Archbishop of Canterbury Dr Rowan Williams are to be fired at one another at the speed of light in the Large Hadron Collider at Cern .
James Gillies , Cern ’s Director of Communications , told reporters that the two church leaders were almost ready to travel to the French - Swiss border .
‘ They have been praying together and wishing each other a safe journey before they meet again head - on in the middle of the 27 km - long circular tunnel . ’
Cern ’s director - general Rolf Heuer said ‘ Both His Holiness and the Archbishop claim to know something of how our universe began , so by smashing their heads together at a tremendous speed we hope that we will at long last get a final answer . ’
He said that the toss of a coin would decide which end of the tunnel each would be fired from .
Steve Myers , Cern ’s director of accelerators , said he was optimistic the two church leaders would reach the speed of light .
‘ Although the two are rather bulky and not the idea shape for this , I hope that the 1.2 trillion electron volts and the 1,200 superconducting magnets will do the trick .
We shall just hope and pray and increase the voltage until we get the required acceleration . ’
Rolf Heuer said that though the two human projectiles would be smashed into billions of particles , he expected them to re-appear for services and mass the following day .
‘ They have both spoken with certainty about the existence of God , and so we are giving them this chance to prove it scientifically .
The experiment is in essence quite simple .
We shall just be asking Dr Williams to remove his glasses . ’
Square Enix says the highly - anticipatedsold in excess of one million copies on its launch day yesterday in Japan .
The title quickly pushed to the top of the Japanese PlayStation 3 charts -- though it 'll be a multiplatform release in the U.S. and Europe when it launches in the West in March 2010 , it 's PS3 - exclusive in Japan .
The company revealed thatfirst - day sales " exceeded one million " , according to consumer weblog Kotaku Square Enix had initially prepared to ship around 1 million units for the big day , but ultimately ended up shipping closer to 2 million .
That 's a similar shipment to prior - generation -- even though the PlayStation 2 has a considerably larger userbase than the PS3 .
Alongside the game 's launch , Square Enix has launched a themed space in the PlayStation 3's
Home world , where users will be able to purchase - themed virtual goods and accessories as part of Home 's first strides into the " freemium " model .
Stephen Fry and zoologist Mark Carwardine head to the ends of the earth in search of animals on the edge of extinction .
In New Zealand the travellers make their way through one of the most dramatic landscapes in the world .
They are on a journey to find the last remaining kakapo , a fat , flightless parrot which , when threatened with attack , adopts a strategy of standing very still indeed .
LONDON , UK – 18 November 2009 – Last week , SAS Institute , the multi-billion dollar US corporate , trumpeted the fact that it had issued proceedings against a recent entrant to the world of business analytics software , World Programming Limited ( WP ) .
Using innovative development techniques , WP have done something that they believe the SAS Institute never dreamt possible .
WP have invested 50 man years producing a competing SAS language interpreter , known as the WPS Software , which enables anyone to write and run SAS language applications without requiring any software from the monopoly provider , the SAS Institute .
WP produce and sell their interpreter at a fraction of the cost of the SAS version .
The introduction of competition into the SAS interpreter market has been warmly welcomed .
WP have retained a leading team of Technology Lawyers to defend the claim and to fight SAS Institute head on in the High Court .
Oliver Robinson for WP said :
“ SAS seem to have issued this claim with the sole intention of scaring us and our customers , or perhaps they have been badly advised .
Our company has worked really hard over the last 7 years to produce a successful product and this claim looks like a last - ditch attempt by SAS to hold onto its monopoly position .
We knew our WPS software was good but with version 2.4 released last month it must be even better than we thought to provoke this seemingly desperate response from the SAS Institute ” .
Alexander Carter - Silk , head of the Technology Group at Speechly Bircham which is advising WP , said :
“ SAS are claiming that the way in which WP has used a $ 100 learning package bought on Amazon was not permitted by the terms of the click wrap licence .
SAS is alleging that WP have run “ the SAS Learning Edition software for the purposes of observing its operation and functions in order to develop the WPS software in a way which reproduces the operation and functions of the SAS System ” .
European law provides that one can lawfully observe the operation and functioning of a computer program and develop interoperable or alternative solutions which perform the same function .
So far as we can see , WP have honoured both the spirit and the letter of the law .
We are surprised that a company of SAS ’s repute would want to pursue this action ”
The claim brought by SAS will provide WP with a very public platform from which to prove that the WPS software is a legitimate alternative to the SAS interpreter and to show that WP have honestly established themselves as a true competitor to the SAS Institute .
The case is on - going .
CR&S DUU Concept -- Click above for high - res image gallery
Those of you who had the stomach to sit through Terminator Salvation with your eyes open will remember the mototerminators that launched themselves from the legs of the giant collectors .
Those were actually based on Ducatis , but if you fancied the look of them , then Italian bike builder CR&S has something pretty close .
Called the DUU Concept , the naked ride is a combination of " a sporty European rolling chassis powered by a muscular American big - twin . "
The engine is a 1.9 - liter ( 117 cu. in . )
X - Wedge supplied by S&S. Wrapped around that powerplant is a chassis that CR&S says can be tailored by the customer – although they do n't indicate how beyond presenting the choice of single or two - seater versions .
But since each DUU will be made by hand , one - at - a - time , we imagine they 'll be happy to do anything your wallet will allow .
The DUU Concept is being unveiled November 10 at the Milan International Bike Show .
CR&S said it has plans to build them from next year , at € 20,000 ( $ 30,000 U.S. ) apiece .
Check it out in the gallery of high - res images below .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
What is claimed to be '' the most revolutionary new musical instrument of the last 60 years ' ' has been unveiled after eight years in development .
The Eigenharp is designed specifically for live performance , enabling a wide range of sounds to be played and improvised .
It is the brainchild of John Lambert , a musician and software entrepreneur .
David Sillito was given a demonstration of its range by three musicians .
University of Minnesota Project Eating Among Teens ( EAT ) researchers have found that young adults engaging in casual sexual encounters do not appear to be at increased risk for harmful psychological outcomes as compared to sexually active young adults in more committed relationships .
While this study focused on the psychological impact , researchers caution that the physical risks of casual sex should not be overlooked .
Marla E. Eisenberg , Sc.D. , M.P.H. , Medical School , and colleagues used data from Project EAT , an ongoing study that assessed a diverse sample of 1,311 sexually active young adults .
From 2003 - 2004 , 574 males and 737 females in Minnesota with a mean age of 20.5 were surveyed regarding sexual behaviors and emotional well - being .
Of the sexually active respondents , 55 percent reported that their last sexual partner was an exclusive dating partner followed by 25 percent whose most recent partner was a fiancé/e , spouse , or life partner .
Much lower percentages reported that their last sexual partner was a close but not exclusive partner ( 12 percent ) or a casual acquaintance ( 8 percent ) .
Over twice as many males as females reported that their last partner was casual ( i.e. , either a " casual acquaintance " or " close but not exclusive partner " ) .
Although there has been speculation in public discourse that sexual encounters outside a committed romantic relationship may be emotionally damaging for young people , this study found no differences in the psychological well - being of young adults who had a casual sexual partner verses a more committed partner .
" While the findings from this study show that young adults engaging in casual sexual encounters do not appear to be at increased risk for harmful psychological outcomes compared to those in more committed relationships , this should not minimize the legitimate threats to physical well - being associated with casual sexual relationships , and the need for such messages in sexuality education programs and other interventions with young adults , " Eisenberg said .
The study , published in the December issue of the academic journal Perspectives on Sexual and Reproductive Health , was funded by Grant # R40 MC 00319-02 from the Maternal and Child Health Bureau ( Title V , Social Security Act ) , Health Resources and Service Administration , U.S. Department of Health and Human Services .
Ce billet fait référence à un article paru hier dans Libération intitulé " Allègre : Nicolas Hulot est un imbécile "
J'en cite un extrait à propos des scientifiques qui prédisent un changement climatique :
( Ils ) prétendent prédire le climat dans cent ans , alors qu'on a du mal à obtenir une météo fiable à plus de trois jours
L'argument tarte à la crème contre la théorie du changement climatique , qu'un enfant d'école primaire sait réfuter sans peine .
Je m'abaisse à démontrer une nouvelle fois la bêtise d'un tel argument : la météo est locale et limitée dans le temps alors que le climat est global et concerne des périodes plus grandes .
Dès l'école primaire , en effet , on apprend la différence entre le climat océanique et le continental .
On n'apprend par contre rien ou si peu sur la météorologie qui n'a rien à voir .
Claude Allègre ne sait pas ça .
C'est un imbécile .
J'ajoute que je sais prédire avec une raisonnable certitude que les températures en décembre 2028 seront plus sensiblement plus basses que celles de l'été 2015 .
Cela ne fait pas de moi un devin .
C'est juste tout l'intérêt de la climatologie .
En revanche , je ne sais pas affirmer qu'il fera beau ce week - end .
C'est toute la limite de la météorologie .
Les hommes préhistoriques avaient déjà une bonne notion du cycle des saisons .
Claude Allègre ne sait pas ça .
C'est un imbécile .
Claude Allègre use par ailleurs de son " autorité " pour donner du crédit à son propos .
On appelle ça justement un " argument d'autorité " et c'est une manoeuvre reconnue pour sa non-recevabilité dans un débat digne de ce nom .
En deux phrases non argumentées , il se permet de rejeter le travail de centaines de scientfiques pendant des mois , des années .
Sous prétexte qu'il est lui-même scientifique , et pire , ministre , il donne du crédit à un propos qui n'en a pas .
L'argument d'autorité émane toujours d'une forme d'élite .
Il y a encore peu , les personnages importants d'un village avaient une autorité naturelle conférée par leur statut ou leur position , à plus ou moins juste titre .
L'instituteur ou le curé , souvent les seules personnes convenablement instruites , étaient écoutés et respectés .
Encore aujourd ' hui , les médecins ont un ascendant important sur leurs patients , y compris dans des domaines où ils ne sont pas nécessairement compétents .
Dans une moindre mesure , les " ingénieurs " ( prononcer avec toute l'emphase nécessaire ) sont aussi souvent considérés comme infaillibles ( c'est flagrant dans cette saison de Koh Lanta ! ) .
Je suis bien placé pour savoir que cette " autorité " n'a pas lieu d'être !
La parole d'un médecin ou d'un ingénieur n'a pas de valeur .
Leur raisonnement , et celui de toute personne , par contre , en a .
Et le raisonnement d'Allègre , au moins dans cet article , est inexistant .
Claude Allègre va plus loin , il utilise l'argument d'autorité à l'envers , en décrédibilisant les propos de Nicolas Hulot :
Il envoie les gens rouler à vélo et lui fait ses affaires en hélicoptère .
Si l'argument n'est pas tout à fait faux , il n'en est pas pour autant recevable .
Ce que fait Nicolas Hulot en tant que particulier n'a pas de lien avec le raisonnement qu'il tient , qui peut être juste malgré tout .
On a pu voir des médecins gros consommateurs de tabac .
Cela invalide - t - il le fait que le tabac est nocif pour la santé ?
Je ne crois pas .
Lorsqu'on souhaite intervenir dans un débat sérieusement , on présente des arguments et on n'use pas de son autorité .
Claude Allègre a fait tout l'inverse dans cet article .
C'est un imbécile .
Il y a aussi une chose qu'on ne fait pas dans un débat bien tenu , c'est s'attaquer à la personne même , on appelle ça un argument ad hominem .
En voici une illustration , à titre d'exemple :
Hein , quand même ?!
Il y a coup bas , là ...
edit : la réponse de Nicolas Hulot
A seven - year - old boy who nearly died from alcohol poisoning after a playground booze binge has vowed never to drink again .
The boy from Spandau near Berlin was rushed to hospital with a blood alcohol level of 0.2 per cent after being found shaking and vomiting by passers - by on Sunday night .
Fortunately the youngster recovered , and has now said he wo n't drink alcohol again " because it does n't taste good and is not good for you . "
The drama began on Sunday when Ricardo went with his older brother Torsten ( 9 ) to the playground .
Four teenagers sitting on a bench offered the kids chocolate and some cola in a cup .
Ricardo and Torsten accepted .
“ Then they told us they were going to mix some Fanta with the cola and poured something in from another bottle , ” Ricardo told German TV programme ‘ Akte 09 ’ .
The brothers drank some more , but suddenly they felt ill .
Ricardo wanted to go home .
As he began stumbling out of the park he collapsed , and members of the public called the emergency services straight away .
An ambulance rushed Ricardo to hospital where doctors determined the alcohol poisoning to be the result of cola mixed with vodka .
The young boy could n’t discern the taste neutral taste of the booze mixed with the cola .
The police are now seeking to charge the teens responsible with attempted assault .
No negligence charges will be brought against the boys ' mother Rebecca W. as they were allowed to play on the playground during daytime .
Even if Ricardo ’s case is an extreme , binge drinking amongst the young is increasing .
In February 2007 , 16 - year - old Lukas W. of Berlin drank 45 shots of tequila and died with a blood - alcohol level of 4.4 per cent .
According to German insurer Techniker Krankenkasse ( TK ) , for the year 2008 in Hamburg alone , 1,765 underage teens was admitted to clinics with the diagnosis of “ psychological and behavioural disorders due to alcohol ” – a rise of 174 in such cases on the previous year .
Projecting the TK ’s results onto the whole of Germany , about 20,000 alcohol - related hospital stays take place among the country ’s youngsters per year , making binge drinking one of the frequent reasons for the hospitalisation of children and adolescents .
Originally published as Binge drinker , 7 , vows to stay sober
Fifth Game Refused Classification
Crimecraft joins Necrovision , Sexy Poker , Risen and Left 4 Dead 2 to become the 5th game refused classification in Australia this year .
Crimecraft is a massively multiplayer online game set in an alternate reality where civilisation has collapsed and gangs rule the streets .
Crimecraft is rated Mature in the USA .
The ESRB ’s Rating Summary :
This is a third - person shooter in which players can select a character and gain experience points through completion of various missions / quests .
Players can roam around the fictional setting of Sunrise City and engage in several types of massively multiplayer online ( MMO ) games : team deathmatch , capture the flag , robbery , and free - for - all .
Players are able to shoot and kill other characters by using a wide variety of guns ( handguns , shotguns , machine guns , rocket launchers ) and thrown weapons ( grenades , Molotov cocktails , etc. ) .
Small splashes of red blood indicate successful hits , and bloodstains are depicted on the ground under some defeated characters .
Achievements and mission titles sometimes contain profanity ( e.g. , achievement called “ F** king Ridiculous ” ; missions called “ I Ain’t Movin ’ B*tch , ” and “ Poppin ’ a Cap in Yo A*s ” ) .
Players can customize female avatars so that they only wear a bra and thong - style panties or outfits that expose deep cleavage ; players can also trigger a brief dance in which an avatar caresses her body .
Grow up Australia has been monitoring the Standing Committee of Attorneys - General website for the release of the Censorship Ministers ’ Decisions .
We ’re interested in any update on the much anticipated R18 + Discussion Paper that was expected to be released July this year .
Once released a process of “ public consultation ” will take place .
In a recent interview with Gamespot The Hon. Brendan O’Connor was quoted as saying :
The content of the discussion paper and the timing of its release are under consideration by the Australian Government .
We would recommend people wanting to see the eventual introduction of an R18 + rating for video games write a polite letter to The Hon.
Brendan O’Connor to enquire about the discussion paper .
Some naive folk , who probably still do n't understand that governments do not , in fact , make money of their own but merely take what has been earned by others and redistribute it to causes they think will win them the most votes , may believe that the wealth redistribution will actually lower the temperature of the planet .
There is no evidence , scientific or otherwise , that this will happen .
The only certainty is that billions will be ripped off by bankers and other middle men before the remainder arrives in the Third World to be looted by a line - up of dictators and tyrants .
While there has been a surfeit of talking at the main Copenhagen conference , there has been no discussion of the fraudulent practices that lie behind the bulk of the fabricated data on which those who support the still unproven claim that humans are the principal drivers of global warming .
On the other side of the city , scientists have been lining up to debunk the extravagant claims made by people like former US vice president Al Gore and the coterie of scientists disgraced by their alleged role in the manipulation of material at the East Anglia Climate Research Unit .
Among them were Professor Henrik Svensmark , a physicist from the Danish National Space Center in Copenhagen , who said the recent warming period was caused by solar activity and that during the medieval warming period , the last time the world experienced a period of high temperatures , the sun and Earth were in a similar cycle .
He was accompanied by Professor Nils - Axel Morner , a geologist from Stockholm University , who said sea - level rise has also been exaggerated by the ``climate alarmists '' using computer models and that observational data from lake sediments , coastlines and trees show sea levels have remained stable .
Others gave papers in which they argued that another geologist from the environmental lobby had got it wrong on ice caps , that the melting ice sheets is caused by geothermal activity rather than global surface temperatures and that CO2 from naturally occurring volcanic activity was a greater driver of warming than humans .
An Australian analyst , Joanne Nova , produced a report based on official figures ( available at the website of the Science and Public Policy Institute ) to show that US federal spending on climate change alone since 1991 had been $ 79 billion , that the cost of international carbon trading last year topped $ 126 billion and would soon amount to trillions , making buying and selling the right to emit CO2 " the largest single commodity traded '' in the world .
Yet , she said , ``no one is able to point to a single piece of evidence that man-made carbon dioxide has a significant effect on global climate ' ' .
Mr Gore , who stands to make an estimated $ 2 billion from his stake in the carbon market , did not attend .
He has still to answer questions raised by the British High Court over allegations of nine errors made in his alarmist film An Inconvenient Truth and the issues raised by the corruption of the scientific process on which the Copenhagen conference claims are based .
While those predicting the end of the world may choose not to confront the issues raised by the fabricated data , Professor Aynsley Kellow , the head of the University of Tasmania 's School of Government , did canvass the matter with publisher Michael Duffy on the ABC 's Counterpoint radio program .
Professor Kellow , an expert reviewer for the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change 's fourth report , said despite the denials made by key scientists whose work has been used to support the global warming theory , the leaked emails show the manipulation of the analysis was " in many ways worse than many of us expected when we knew about this case from the outside without access to these kinds of exchanges ' ' .
" What you have is evidence of a quite clear willingness to manipulate raw data to suit predetermined results , you 've got a resistance to any notion of transparency , an active resistance to freedom of information requests or quite reasonable requests from scientists to have a look at data so that it can be verified , '' Professor Kellow said .
He listed the malpractices as evidence of attempts to subvert the peer - review process , evidence of pressure being placed on editors to reject dissident views on climate science , and then attempts by the lead authors in the IPCC report to keep any opposing peer - reviewed science that has managed to get into the literature out of the IPCC report and , ultimately , ensuring it does n't find its way into the all - important summary for policy makers , which , he said , was about all the politicians and bureaucrats read .
The policy makers are now convinced , according to Professor Kellow , that earth 's climate system is like a kind of thermostat in which we can dial in a particular level of CO2 and get a two - degree temperature rise over the next 100 years .
In the professor 's view , " anyone who knows anything about climate science will tell you that that 's nonsense ' ' .
Very expensive nonsense , too , if the farcical plan to salve the consciences of Western Greens by transferring the capital and industries of developed nations to the Third World is agreed to this week in Copenhagen .
Business News Sector Tags : Infotech|
Mango CEO
Nico Bezuidenhout says that the launch of G - Connect through Mango is the first of several additional revenue - generation products the airline is presently investigating .
“ In line with our mandate to deliver sustainably affordable air travel to South Africans , the other products offered will reprise this philosophy .
"
“ The Mango G - Connect partnership makes especial sense in relation to both industries since both companies pride themselves on their endeavours to be affordable , offer value for money and maintain excellent customer service , ” says Carel van der Merwe , WirelessG CEO.G- Connect offer 3G , Wi-Fi and ADSL access from a single on - line account .
Data is available on a pre-paid basis in increments of R50 , R75 , R150 , R200 and can now be purchased with instant delivery through Mango .
No contracts are needed and users receive immediate access to the internet .
International Wi-Fi access is available at a flat rate of R1.50 per minute .
Bandwidth purchased carries over 12 months from the last date of sign - in and the service offers 24/7 support .
By Navdip Dhariwal
BBC News , Delhi
Some villages have n't seen the birth of a female in years
India might be a country rushing headlong into 21st century but every year thousands of babies are aborted or killed at birth because they are girls .
Our correspondent contemplates this as she prepares to have a baby herself .
The heat is stifling here .
Some days it 's pushing 45 degrees .
My body is overheating and we 're only two thirds of the way there !
I 'm not alone - 25 million other women are expected to give birth in India this year .
With the very best medical care , our bundle of joy stands a good chance , but one out of 22 Indian babies will not survive beyond its first month .
According to UNICEF , poor nutrition and hygiene , and a high number of young mothers contribute to low birth weights and slim chances of survival .
Killed at birth
If our baby is a girl - her arrival is likely to be greeted , by some , with condolences .
A friend - delighted with his new daughter soon became infuriated at comments that his home had been cursed with a girl .
" Relatives arrived laden with gifts of sweet meats , " he said .
" They cuddled her and shook their heads at our misfortune . "
My mother told me how guilty and how much of a failure she was made to feel when I arrived a year after my older sister .
These are attitudes engrained in many sections of Indian society .
More than 10 million female fetuses have been aborted in India in the last two decades .
The prospect of paying a dowry and knowing a daughter could never generate the income of a son is enough for some families to commit murder .
In my parents ' native Punjab , girls are often killed at birth .
It has skewed the ratio of girls to boys so much that some villages have not seen the birth of a female in years .
Thousands of men in rural areas now have trouble finding a wife .
I remember the stories my mother told me - of the neighbour who would take baby girls in the middle of the night and drown them in the village well .
My mother also told me how guilty and how much of a failure she was made to feel when I arrived a year after my older sister .
It is not only in the countryside that daughters are unwanted .
Middle class , educated women are often at the front of the queue to terminate .
Blessings and curses
What a contrast to the welcome a boy receives .
Then the gates of the baby 's home will be crowded with screeching Hijaras .
They are eunuchs - castrated men , long haired and unshaven , dressed in bright Salwaar Kameezes or saris .
Fierce , aggressive and unrelenting , they wander from home to home searching out new born sons and demanding cash .
" Your good fortune must be shared , " they say , " otherwise we will shower you with curses or steal your baby " .
Did the doctor really think that I would terminate the pregnancy if I was told a girl was on the way ?
Theirs is a flourishing trade , profiting from deep rooted superstitions .
The eunuchs ' blessings and curses can be equally potent , so neighbours advise you to pay them off handsomely .
But we will not know the sex of our child until it is born .
It is illegal for doctors to divulge the information because of the widespread termination of female fetuses .
We suggested to the charming middle - aged doctor that as foreigners surely that rule need not apply to us - he had already told other friends who are both white , the sex of their baby .
But the doctor smiled and shook his head .
" Bad timing , " he said , " I could n't possibly - a colleague of mine has just been locked up and paraded in front of the local press for revealing the sex of a baby " .
I am of Indian descent but my husband is a blonde , blue - eyed and fiercely proud Scotsman .
He was gob - smacked .
I felt deflated - did the doctor really think that I would terminate the pregnancy if I was told a girl was on the way ?
Navdip does not know the sex of her unborn baby
We could not know our baby 's sex but we reassured each other that at least the scan showed it was healthy .
If all goes well , we will greet our new arrival at the end of August .
When we take him or her home from hospital , the baby will have its first glimpse of Delhi life .
Blaring car horns , loud belching exhaust fumes , the electronic beats of Bollywood tracks - all competing for attention in the kaleidoscope of sound that fills the air .
And the smells too , the foul stench across the highway from the Yamuna river : an exotic blend of poisonous sewage and household waste .
Along these banks sit small children who squat , wash and drink from the river .
Their homes are in the filthy shanty towns that line the road the three of us will take home .
Dressed in rags , they will come scrambling towards our car and peer through the windows to stare at the child born into privilege .
One grubby hand outstretched , the other motioning to a hungry mouth , they will beg for a share in our good fortune .
This is the world you came into , I will tell our child when he or she is old enough : a country on the cusp of incredible change .
Full of contrast , contradiction and sometimes abject horror .
It is the home of your maternal ancestors , I will say , and just as my mother raised me with stories of a past that helped shape and direct me - I plan to do the same with you .
From Our Own Correspondent was broadcast on Thursday , 29 June , 2006 at 1100 BST on BBC Radio 4 .
Please check the programme schedules for World Service transmission times .
On the morning of September 30 , the lawyer Joe Heinzmann arrived at 100 Centre Street , the ominous - looking courthouse in downtown Manhattan , for a hearing .
At the metal detectors , he removed his keys and iPhone .
Then he heard the court officer .
Nobody in .
Nobody out .
Lock it down .
Steel barricades were placed in front of the doors .
What was going on ?
Was this a drill ?
A massive line formed .
Shortly , correction officers were combing the streets in gladiator garb — flak jackets , riot helmets , leashed dogs .
Heinzmann saw an officer he knew .
“ What , you guys lose another one ? ” Heinzmann joked .
In fact , that was what had happened , the cop told him sheepishly .
A con had escaped .
The officer showed him a picture of the wanted man — it was one of his own clients , Ronald Tackmann .
“ It was my guy , ” Heinzmann tells me as we drive to Rikers Island .
As assigned counsel , Heinzmann has represented the rainbow of criminal offenders .
He ’s never defended anyone like Tackmann .
“ Most people will go through their lives never doing something that bold that successfully , ” he says .
“ The degree of success here is at the absolute highest level .
No weapons .
No violence .
And out the front door of the courthouse . ”
There is a kind of genius there .
Tackmann is a career criminal , with multiple felony convictions , but he ’s something else : an artist in several different mediums — painting , sculpture — one of which happens to be escape .
And , as with any artist ’s talent , the limitations and difficulties distilled and purified it .
Freedom , however , seems to be too large a canvas .
A day after his escape , he was recaptured .
He faces trial on several robbery charges early in the new year .
If convicted , he may spend the rest of his life in prison .
“ This is a guy who has more fun figuring out the puzzle than completing the puzzle , ” Heinzmann says .
“ The challenge is over , so why bother with the rest ?
The rest is just detail . ”
Heinzmann and I passed Rikers Island ’s endless skein of rusted barbed wires and finally arrived at North Infirmary Command , where Tackmann is now being held .
“ This is where we keep our high - profile inmates , ” a captain tells me .
We walk down gray corridors , past a glass case filled with Rikers toys — nails wrapped in string , homemade shanks , cigarette - lighter blowtorches .
Up the elevator , we are led into an old hospital room .
The room is as cold as a meat locker .
An official from the NYC Department of Correction is here to listen in on the interview .
Another correction official , who is investigating the escape , is also here .
We all shiver in our suits , eager to hear : How did Tackmann do it ?
“ Well , this move , ” Tackmann says , leaning in close .
“ I found this move a couple of months before . ”
Tackmann does not look like a prison legend .
In fact , he looks ill .
His skin is as white as the belly of a frog .
He says he has hepatitis C , cirrhosis , diabetes , and a hernia .
His hair is an unlikely shade of brown — he colors it with jailhouse coffee — and he combs it over in a Ponyboy - like pompadour .
He grins .
He chuckles .
It does n’t make sense .
He ’s looking at sixteen to life for his most recent charges , a life sentence considering he ’s been denied parole every time he ’s been in front of the board .
So what ’s so funny ?
“ You gotta have a sense of humor , ” Tackmann says .
Back to the move .
When he went to court for hearings , he could see the system was flawed .
He would arrive on the twelfth floor in handcuffs and attached at the waist to a dozen other inmates .
A correction officer would lead them into the bull pen , an area where inmates wait for their lawyers .
From the bull pen , the inmates would follow their lawyers or court officials either up a set of back stairs into a courtroom or down a set of stairs .
The more Tackmann went to court , the more he noticed that once the inmate at the head of the line would get uncuffed and turn into the bull pen , he would be out of view of the correction officer at the back of the line .
He could then avoid the bull pen and dart down the rear stairs .
He ’d still have to get out of the building .
And for the knowledge to accomplish this , he had to reach back to his hard years of criminal apprenticeship .
In his upstate sojourns , Tackmann was often housed near celebrities like John Lennon ’s killer , Mark Chapman ( “ Not a bad guy ; he has a wife that looks just like Yoko Ono — that ’s fucked up ! ” ) ; serial killer Joel Rifkin ( “ He always treated me right ” ) ; and Howard “ Buddy ” Jacobson , the famous horse trainer convicted of murdering his model ex-girlfriend ’s new lover .
Jacobson escaped .
He persuaded a friend to pretend to be his lawyer .
In the lawyer - conference room , Jacobson ’s friend removed a suit and razor from his briefcase .
Jacobson changed into the suit , shaved , and walked out of prison pretending to be his own fake lawyer .
Photo : Henry Leutwyler
Tackmann ’s ruse was hatched in the same spirit .
On the morning of September 30 , Tackmann prepared for court in Manhattan .
He dressed in a light - gray three - piece suit that he thinks was his stepfather ’s .
He wore two sets of dress socks .
One around his feet , the other around the Rikers Island slippers he was ordered to wear ( “ to make them look like shoes ; they looked like suede shoes ” ) .
As he was bussed to the courthouse , he rehearsed the move in his mind .
When you come up to the twelfth floor , you ’re handcuffed with like twelve people on a chain .
The C.O. is right there with you .
You have to be ready , so if the move is there …
That day , the move was there .
“ I was in the front of the line .
The C.O. — it was some new guy .
He un-handcuffed us in the hallway , and I was the first one around the corner . ”
Tackmann raced down the stairwell and knocked on a courtroom door .
A court officer opened it .
Tackmann had the shtick worked out — the lawyer in distress .
“ You know , ” he said , “ I was just with a client , and my mother is real sick in Bellevue .
Could you tell me how to get to Bellevue ?
I gotta get over there fast ; she is 80 years old . ”
He wanted to sprint .
The adrenaline was gushing .
He calmly walked to the courtroom entrance as the sweat trickled around his neck .
He raced down several flights of stairs and tried the door .
It was locked .
He walked down another flight .
Locked .
What is going on ?
Did they find out I was missing already ?
One more flight down .
The door was open .
He jumped in an elevator , got out on the ground floor , and walked into the street .
Freedom .
But not for long .
Tackmann ’s rap sheet runs 24 pages long , with 57 arrests , including 27 felony charges that span the past four decades .
Aside from a few incidents ( like selling glue in 1969 ) , Tackmann is a perennial stickup man .
Sometimes he ’d stash a toy gun in his waistband , or use a cigarette lighter shaped like a gun , or push his finger into the cloth of his jacket to simulate a weapon .
His preferred targets were kid-friendly retail stores with names like Yogurt Rainbow .
His crimes were crude theater , a game of dress - up .
He ’d walk in with a disguise , flash the fake weapon , and bark movie - sounding demands like , “ You know what I want . ”
He was so unconvincing that sometimes his would - be victims chased him away .
He was a hard - living party guy in tight jeans and half - buttoned shirts .
He robbed to feed his drug habit .
“ When we were doing stickups , it got to the point where it was like having a credit card , ” he says .
“ I used to tell my partner , ‘ We ’re spending so much money on coke , we ’d be better off having heroin habits .
There ’s no way we could spend this much on heroin . ’ ”
He grew up in Queens with an aunt and uncle — his mother was working and his father , who was in the entertainment business , was out of the picture .
Tackmann says he dropped out of school in the third grade to work on a hot - dog cart , a claim he later told me was an exaggeration .
( “ It was the fifth grade , ” he corrected . )
He was good with his hands and worked a few straight jobs , installing carpet or floor tile or aluminum siding .
He even bought his own van and his own tools .
But his lifestyle was more expensive than his means , and he began collecting criminal charges .
By 1985 , the justice system had lost patience with him .
And the feeling was mutual .
The same year , facing a hefty sentence in state prison , Tackmann decided to escape for the first time .
His inspiration came from statues that Hispanic inmates had carved from soap .
“ I looked at them and said , ‘ Did n’t John Dillinger make a gun out of soap and escape ? ’
So I carved out a gun . ”
He used black paint pilfered from his Rikers art class to paint the barrel , brown paint for the handle .
He stole small screws from old clippers in the barbershop and plugged them into the soap .
Another metal piece he used for the nub .
He cannibalized a broken pair of eyeglasses and used part of the frame as the gun ’s trigger guard .
To stash it , he built a secret compartment out of cardboard .
He painted it the same color as his cell wall and placed the compartment near his toilet .
Next , he conducted a test .
To use the soap gun in his escape , Tackmann needed to convince himself it was real .
He pulled it on an inmate to see if the appearance was menacing enough .
The man ’s fearful recoil told him all he needed to know .
He also needed a handcuff key and was able to purchase a plastic one from inmates who got them on the black market .
He then needed the courage .
On a transfer upstate from Rikers , near exit 7 on the New York State Thruway , he tapped the metal nub of the soap gun against the metal screen on the Department of Correction bus .
Photo : Courtesy of the Tackmann family
Turn around and look .
Slowly .
I got a gun back here .
Listen carefully .
You ’re going to see your wife and kids tonight .
Nobody ’s got to die .
Driver , shut off the bus .
I want you to let me out .
You do anything stupid , I ’m going to shoot your partner .
The guards looked at the gun .
They did as Tackmann said .
One guard removed his jacket and hat .
Tackmann put them on .
He locked the guards in the back of the bus with the other inmates and drove back to Manhattan .
Over the walkie - talkies he heard reports that the bus was missing and pulled over near 118th Street , ready to run .
He heard the other inmates clamoring , begging him to let them out .
He opened the back door of the van to help them .
Two cons , hoping to get their sentences reduced , jumped him .
He was punched , tackled , and charged with his first escape attempt .
“ That ’s the one thing I never told anybody , ” Tackmann says , recounting the story .
“ How did I get [ the gun ] on the bus ?
This is something you ca n’t stuff — you know , put it in your ass . ”
I press him for the answer .
“ Hey , Copperfield has tricks he do n’t tell nobody , right ? ”
Within six months , Tackmann had made another gun .
This one , at least in theory , was a significant advance .
“ Every time I got on a bus , the C.O. ’s , they ’d say , ‘ Tack , you better fire a shot through the windshield next time or no one is going to believe you . ’
So I thought , That ’s a great idea ! ”
The trigger of his new weapon was a matchstick and striker .
The gunpowder was graphite from pencil shavings and charcoal , and the barrels were made of aluminum from cans .
“ Each barrel was tested , ” Tackmann says .
“ But I never tested each barrel together .
So when I fired the first shot , that ignited the second shot .
I say , ‘ Freeze , drop your guns . ’
They say , ‘ We ai n’t dropping shit . ’ ”
He ended up in Attica , where he became an obsessive gunsmith , something that did not endear him to the authorities .
From a report in Attica shortly thereafter : “ Officer Yavicoli came upon a package of Blend tobacco in Tackmann ’s cell that did n’t feel right … Hidden in the package was a facsimile of a .25 - cal. automatic pistol . ”
At Clinton Correctional : “ Upon having the cell door opened , inmate Tackmann dove to the rear of his cell by the toilet … parts of a homemade handgun made from a bar of soap were found in the toilet . ”
A year later , Tackmann was disciplined for writing a letter in which he allegedly threatened to “ start teaching everyone up here how to make five types of guns !
And in two years this place will look like the OK Coral [ sic ] ! ”
“ You know what ’s faster than the speed of light ? ” Tackmann says .
“ Thought .
Think about it .
We can think about Mars and be there .
You can travel anywhere with the mind . ”
Locked down 23 hours a day , in accommodations known as the Box , he escaped into his own imagination .
He was a kind of jailhouse Leonardo da Vinci .
His primary medium was paint : oil , pastel , watercolor .
When he did n’t have paint , he used dye from food .
When he did n’t have brushes , he made them from his own hair .
He also sculpted .
He used soap and a homemade prison papier - mâché to craft masterpieces .
( His formula : one slice of bread to four sheets of toilet paper , soak , wring , repeat — add salt if available . )
There were also countless inventions .
He sketched blueprints for energy - efficient houses he might build for himself one day , and filled notebooks with esoteric instructions ( “ Growing Penicillium Molds ” ) and endless ideas for gimmicks ( “ Toilet Paper That Will Not Tear ” ) and get - rich - quick inventions : pizza on a stick , a one - man jet helicopter , a pocket - size survival tent , peanut butter and jelly in the same tube .
In the Box , Tackmann ’s imagination moved in a thousand surprising directions .
In notebooks , he scribbled down ideas ( “ How to Make a Ozone Generator ” ) and marginalia ( “ Note : the bikini first came out in Paris in 1946 ” ) .
He sent some schematics ( “ How to Build a Kid ’s Push Cart ” ) to a magazine called Backwoods
Home that paid him a few dollars for the sketch .
And to travel , he painted .
“ I ’ve been all around the world — in my paintings , ” he says .
“ I could do an ocean scene , and I would n’t do another painting for like three weeks , just so I could put it on the shelf and go there .
Hawaii .
California .
I never been there before .
In my paintings I ’m there . ”
He painted the life he never had : an Indian woman on the banks of a river with a bow and arrow , or inside the Pyramids of Giza with three kittenish brunettes in G - strings .
Tackmann painted them busty .
He sketched their nipples hard .
He painted their eyes looking at him , so he could be with them there in the Pyramids .
“ You know what ’s faster than the speed of light ? ” he says .
“ Thought .
Think about it .
We can think about Mars and be there .
You can travel anywhere with the mind . ”
In 2006 , Tackmann was released .
He had n’t been to New York in twenty years .
“ That was flipped out , ” he says .
“ Like stepping out of a time machine .
The only one in ’ 85 who had a cell phone was Captain Kirk . ”
He pulled a life together for himself .
He got a job laying flooring and got a girlfriend , Nancy Bruno .
She has full lips and round cheeks , an easy smile .
She did n’t know — why would he tell her ? — about all of Tackmann ’s years in the Box and his escapes .
By the time he had won her over with his tireless charm , the way a day with him seemed to last forever — he had so many ideas , so many impulses , so many places he wanted to go — she did n’t notice that she had fallen for a failed stickup artist with a nasty cocaine habit .
She herself was addicted to his personality , and when he was laying carpet she handed him his tools , just to be with him .
On a May night in 2008 , Tackmann had friends over when plainclothes detectives pounded on the door late at night .
The noise woke up Nancy and Tackmann ’s mother , Genevieve Devine , who is 80 and has memory problems .
They watched the cops put Tackmann in handcuffs and take him away .
In police custody , he was questioned about the robbery of a Subway near a room he had rented in Queens and a half - dozen robberies a few blocks away from his mother ’s apartment on the Upper East Side — stickups that had all of Tackmann ’s signatures .
“ I normally hit around First and Third avenues because I was lazy , ” Tackmann allegedly told the police .
“ I never meant to hurt anybody … I just did it to get money for drugs . ”
At a Dunkin ’ Donuts : “ I think I got around $ 100 .
I left and went uptown ( around 90th Street ) to buy drugs .
I think I was wearing a green camouflage hat .
I was also wearing a plastic nose … I had a fake silver gun that I used , which was a cigarette lighter . ”
At World of Nuts Ice Cream : “ I was wearing a black gangster hat with a big rim … I pointed a fake black gun at him …
He told me the gun is n’t real , then he came around the counter and swung at me …
We rolled out into the street , like it was an old cowboy movie .
He got me in a headlock . ”
Back in Rikers , Tackmann was now facing such a stiff sentence for the robberies that he could n’t possibly plead guilty , because any plea deal would probably mean he ’d die in prison .
He was also sick , wondering how many years his liver had left anyway .
In visits to Rikers , Nancy did as she was told .
She smuggled Ronnie the slice of cheesecake he wanted , the BLT , the rolling tobacco , a match , the vitamins he said would help his liver .
She hid the vitamins in her underwear and slipped them to Ronnie under the table .
He squirreled them away in a compartment he fashioned in the sole of his shoe .
A guard spotted her .
She spent three nights at Rikers .
“ My heart could n’t tell him no , ” she says .
She listened to him tell her to wait for him , that he would get out .
She did n’t believe him .
“ The only way he ’s getting out is in a coffin . ”
But he got out , at least for a while .
On the morning of September 30 , near 77th Street , his first act as a free man was stopping for a cup of coffee .
He walked to his mother ’s building a few blocks away , nodded to the doorman :
How you doin ’ ?
I just got out .
The doorman noticed his suit .
You look good .
Tackmann rode the gilded elevator .
He knocked on his mom ’s door .
What are you doing here ?
I ’m out .
I got bailed out .
But I gotta run .
He grabbed $ 7,000 he had stashed in his mother ’s apartment and disappeared .
It would have been reasonable to assume that a man with Tackmann ’s criminal smarts would be on a Greyhound bus to Virginia or Florida or anywhere across state lines to get out of New York .
But he went to Spanish Harlem .
He purchased French fries at a White Castle , he says , and two cell phones .
He then went to an apartment of a woman he knew named Candy and there met a man named Mike who lived in an apartment in Washington Heights .
Mike offered his couch to Tackmann , who paid the man $ 100 to crash there .
Tackmann stayed until early morning , when Mike ’s female roommate came home from working a night shift and told him to leave .
The morning was bright .
It was his birthday , he was 56 , and he was free .
He went to a diner and saw himself in the paper .
He got nervous , paranoid .
He did n’t think the escape would be big news .
He thought he ’d get noticed if he traveled by subway .
He hailed a taxi downtown to the wholesale district , around 28th Street , to buy supplies .
That night , he went to celebrate his birthday .
“ Steak dinner , ” he says .
“ With what do you call it ?
Onions .
And mushrooms .
I had some wine with it .
Like two , three glasses .
I was high from that . ”
He hailed the M101 uptown .
He rode to Washington Heights to spend the night again at Mike ’s place .
He stepped off near 174th Street , at Amsterdam Avenue , and saw Mike sitting on his stoop .
He walked toward him and stepped into the trap .
Tackmann was taken into custody at 8:49 p.m .
The police had been covering the block for the past hour .
They ’d been tipped off .
“ Somebody gave me up for my fucking birthday , ” Tackmann says .
“ Ain’t that something ? ”
Police searched him at the precinct and found , according to vouchers , a red wig , a red beard , black gloves , a black stocking , a makeup brush , makeup sponges , stage makeup , nose and scar wax , three hats ( blue , tan , and black ) , a forged passport , a blood - sugar - reading device , two fake guns , and a small bag of cocaine .
“ He was such a good boy , everyone liked him , even the prison guards like him , ” his mother , Genevieve Devine , says when we meet .
Her apartment on East 78th Street was old - school Upper East Side and is now a collection of plastic bags : his and her stuff bundled up from a recent bedbug fumigation .
Tackmann ’s prison belongings — his art , his porn — are bagged up in here .
I can see his paintings on the walls .
She points to one drawing under glass .
“ He did that one when he was 2 years old . ”
The painting is a mess of snakes , shaded and colored in pencil .
“ He ’s too damn smart , ” Genevieve says .
“ That ’s what his problem is . ”
Tackmann goes to trial in Queens for the Subway robbery in early January .
Then he goes to trial in Manhattan for the additional robberies .
His defense is that the man captured on videotape is really his oldest son , who looks just like him ( the resemblance is remarkable ) .
But the problem Tackmann has with this defense ( aside from its highly questionable parental values ) is that , even on the remote chance that a sliver of it is true , it all sounds like bullshit .
If Tackmann ’s son did the crimes , then why did Tackmann confess to them ?
Tackmann ’s response here is also problematic .
He says he can’t read and was forced to sign his confession by the police .
Tackmann has trouble reading — his jailhouse letters to Nancy , for instance , are peppered with poor spellings ( “ intress , ” “ cair ” ) .
Still , he managed to write the letters .
He ’s also an extreme escape risk .
“ He ca n’t even blow his nose without asking permission , ” says his lawyer Heinzmann .
With his trials looming , Tackmann is upbeat .
He calls constantly .
At lunch , at dinner .
He wants to talk about Libya , why I should invest in gold , whether I know anyone who wants to buy his mother ’s television .
Recently , he invited me to the Hanukkah party at Rikers Island .
The party is held at night in a gym .
Through the gates of their cells , inmates howl at the female guests ( “ Hey , mami ! ” ) and bark at me ( “ What the fuck you looking at , faggot ? ” ) as we enter the facility .
Tackmann scans the room as Lubavitch boys sing and dance to a keyboard klezmer .
In Rikers , he decided to become Jewish because he likes the kosher food and the rabbi .
He declines to wear a yarmulke ( “ It messes up my hair ” ) and eyes the gefilte fish suspiciously .
At other tables , inmates sit with wives whose fresh eyeliner applied in the visitor ’s bathroom now washes away in tears .
Tackmann ran out of tears long ago .
We talk about his next disappearing act .
He ’s found “ five ways off the island ” but “ only with the help of friends , you know , missionaries . ”
He does n’t even dream of escaping from prison upstate .
“ You need four hours to get away before they find you , and those farmers , they got guns . ”
I ask Tackmann ’s tablemates what they think of him .
“ He ’s meshuga , ” says Kenneth Glassman - Blanco , who has spent three years on Rikers awaiting trial on attempted murder .
“ Well done , ” Ivaylo Ivanov of Bulgaria says of the escape .
He ’s spent the last two years on charges involving spray - painting anti-Jewish slurs and swastikas in Brooklyn Heights .
“ You ’re that guy !
It ’s an honor to meet you , man , ” says Mark Inesti , charged with robbery .
He had had a question for Tackmann about the lawyer ruse .
“ Why did n’t you take me with you ? ”
Tackmann laughs .
“ You could have been my client . ”
“ You ’re the greatest , man .
They did n’t give you a lot of extra time on that ? ”
“ Nope . ”
“ Nope ? ”
“ Nope . ”
“ Why not ? ”
Tackmann smirks .
“ Because I ’m going to beat ’em at trial . ”
He also has a backup plan .
It might not happen in Rikers , at the Hanukkah party , or upstate .
But when the time comes , he will know what to do .
This is his gift .
“ I see ways out , ” he says .
Tackmann ’s Art
Tackmann makes his prison pieces from materials at hand .
The inspiration for the work on this page , which he called , Before There Was Computer Games “ , was the memory of going to the supermarket as a kid and begging his mother for a quarter for the ride .
Photograph by Henry Leutwyler for New York Magazine
Jet and Eagle
Oil on Paper , 1990s .
Courtesy of the Tackmann Family
Buffalo
Prison soap over a frame of wooden pencils , date unknown .
Photograph by Henry Leutwyler for New York Magazine
Doin ’ Time
Made for serial killer Joel Rifkin , 1990s .
Courtesy of the Tackmann Family
Virgin Mary
Paintings in the style of Dalí , 1990s .
Courtesy of the Tackmann Family
Tackmann ’s Escape from the Courthouse at 100 Centre Street .
Photograph by Henry Leutwyler for New York Magazine
Women in Siberia are lobbying to legalize polygamy , a Cambridge University anthropologist reports in The Guardian in London .
The critical issue is demography .
Population is falling and there are fewer men than women .
Caroline Humphrey , the anthropologist , said : “ Women say that the legalization of polygamy would be a godsend : it would give them rights to a man ’s financial and physical support , legitimacy for their children , and rights to state benefits . ”
Meanwhile , some Russian nationalists claim that introducing polygamy in the country would provide husbands for “ 10 million lonely women ” and fill Mother Russia ’s cradles .
100 % found this document useful ( 15 votes )
100 % ( 15 ) 100 % found this document useful ( 15 votes )
Allegations Common to All Counts
suit filed Nov 25 , 2009 on David Miscavige et al
Save Save Allegations Common to All Counts For Later
100 % 100 % found this document useful , Mark this document as useful
0 % 0 % found this document not useful , Mark this document as not useful
Embed
Share
It is currently Wed Sep 30 , 2020 7:40 pm
Boldering Forum Topics Posts Last post Bouldering
945 Topics 29547 Posts Last post by
Wed Sep 30 , 2020 8:43 am by mountainz Wed Sep 30 , 2020 8:43 am
Beta
9 Topics 51 Posts Last post by
Fri Sep 11 , 2020 12:36 pm by mountainz Fri Sep 11 , 2020 12:36 pm
Login • Register Username : Password : | Log me on automatically each visit
Who is online
In total there are 9 users online :: 0 registered , 0 hidden and 9 guests ( based on users active over the past 5 minutes )
Most users ever online was 153 on Fri Nov 15 , 2019 8:11 am
Registered users :
No registered users
Legend : Administrators , Global moderators
Statistics
Total posts 29598 • Total topics 970 • Total members 2899 •
Our newest member saquince
KILLEEN , Tex .  Leaders of the vibrant Muslim community here expressed outrage on Friday at the shooting rampage being laid to one of their members , Maj . Nidal Malik Hasan , who had become a regular attendee of prayers at the local mosque .
But some of the men who had befriended Major Hasan at the mosque said the military should examine the policies that might have caused him to snap .
“ When a white guy shoots up a post office , they call that going postal , ” said Victor Benjamin II , 30 , a former member of the Army .
“ But when a Muslim does it , they call it jihad .
“ Ultimately it was Brother Nidal ’s doing , but the command should be held accountable , ” Mr. Benjamin said .
“ G.I. ’s are like any equipment in the Army .
When it breaks , those who were in charge of keeping it fit should be held responsible for it . ”
Image Bernard V. Benjamin II , left , and Duane Reasoner Jr. were at their Killeen mosque on Friday .
Credit ... Scott Dalton for The New York Times
The mosque , the Islamic Community of Greater Killeen , sits off Highway 195 , near Fort Hood .
Major Hasan began attending prayers about two months ago .
The mosque has about 75 families who have lived peacefully with their Christian neighbors .
“ After 9/11 , nothing happened here , ” said Ajsaf Khan , who owns three convenience stores with his brother , Abdul Khan .
“ We are very cooperative . ”
A mosque leader , Dr. Manzoor Farooqi , a pediatrician , when asked if he feared retribution for the shootings , said he hoped good relations would prevail .
Major Hasan was one of about 10 men from Fort Hood who attended prayers in their uniforms , Dr. Farooqi said , and he was shocked to see the major ’s face on television identified as that of the gunman .
“ He is an educated man .
A psychiatrist , ” he said .
“ I ca n’t believe he would do such a stupid thing . ”
“ I have no words to explain what happened yesterday , ” Dr. Farooqi said at Friday afternoon prayers , in which about 40 men were led by the mosque ’s imam , Syed Ahmed Ali .
“ Let ’s have a moment of silence to bless those who lost their life . ”
“ The Islamic community strongly condemns this cowardly attack , which was particularly heinous in that it was directed at the all - volunteer army that protects our nation , ” Dr. Farooqi said .
How did the derogatory epithet fag become the quintessential means of destroying the male ego ?
Why is the only somewhat less offensive slur , “ that ’s so gay , ” suddenly emblematic for everything stupid , negative or girly ?
These questions get to the root of our culture ’s deeply ingrained homophobia .
I contend that homophobia is rooted in a fear and hatred of women .
It ’s no accident that when we want to denigrate a man we call him a pussy — the same word we use to refer to female genitals .
In our culture , men are superior to women — it ’s the oily by - product of male privilege .
A man who falls short of this lofty ideal , or , god forbid , assumes a passive role in sex , cheapens the “ privilege ” for all other males .
This is a particularly sensitive issue for ostensibly heterosexual men .
This prohibition so deep - seated in our culture , one can trace its roots back to the Bible .
Leviticus 20:13 : “ If there is a man who lies with a male as those who lie with a woman , both of them have committed a detestable act ; they shall surely be put to death . ”
In biblical days , women were nothing more than chattel .
For a man to behave like a woman — particularly in a passive , receptive sexual way — back then was an even greater insult to the male privilege than it is nowadays ( which explains the whole capital punishment thing ) .
Women are also objectified as sexual objects before men dominate them .
A woman is not so much a person as she is a collection of parts — tits , pussy , ass , etc .
A heterosexual man , familiar with and practiced in this dynamic , will not tolerate another male objectifying him as a sexual object , either real or imagined .
These cultural triggers are exceptionally easy to trip .
With little effort at all , we can debase a man simply by suggesting that there ’s a whiff of the feminine about him .
In turn , the slandered male is burdened with proving the contrary , which often leads to overcompensation .
To deflect suspicion , some men affect macho bravado to appear even more masculine than their peers .
And how better to do that than to suggest someone else is a pansy ?
I can say for certain that all those boys on the bus had been , at one time or another , accused of being a fag .
It ’s exceedingly common in sports for even teammates to insinuate a fellow athlete is not performing up to expectations .
Each of them must have known the sting of that reproach .
Some may even have had self - doubt about their own sexual tendencies .
That ’s why they hurled at me what they knew would hurt any other self - respecting male the most .
What they did n’t count on was that I had , long ago , inoculated myself against this poison .
I own , even revel , in my sexuality .
An insult does n’t work if the one insulted self - identifies as the slur .
Institutionalized homophobia , on the other hand , is more insidious .
The dominant culture enshrines male privilege and , like the boys on the bus , punishes anyone who attempts to undercut the paradigm .
Discrimination is so widespread , ingrained — and sometimes so subtle — that many non -gay people do n’t even notice most of it .
But those of us on the receiving end of the bigotry are keenly aware .
It ’s a particularly acute problem for young people who know they are different , and different in a way that is n’t tolerated of by the dominant culture .
They are much more vulnerable because they have yet developed the emotional resources to counteract the oppression .
They do n’t yet realize that it ’s society ’s problem , not theirs .
Their peers mercilessly persecute them .
And for the most part , authority figures wo n’t even try to stop the torment .
That ’s why young gay people commit suicide at a rate of about seven times that of straight kids .
You may have noticed that I ’ve framed this presentation in terms of the natural world .
Dominant and submissive behaviors in other species often have sexual overtones , especially in other primate species .
A dominant male will harass a male subordinate until he submits and presents his rump .
This establishes a pecking order in the troupe : a subordinate male is submissive and the dominant male is in control .
Straight men often see gay men as a threat , instinctively fearing a supposed challenge to the established order of things : who is in control .
It ’s basically a struggle for dominance and troupe status .
A gay person who is a productive member of society , who is indistinguishable from his heterosexual counterpart , ups the ante .
He ’s a threat to anyone who believes what he may have been told all his life — that gays are perverted , miserable , lonely people who live short , desperate lives .
Institutionalized homophobia impacts so many aspects of our culture .
It may be obvious how it skews our notions of sex and sexuality , of who can do what to whom and when .
But did you know that it is often an underlying cause of much male sexual dysfunction ?
It also contaminates national policy in terms of public health issues , military readiness and the rights and freedoms we afford our citizenry .
The business sector also suffers .
Harassment and intimidation of gay workers result in loss of productivity costing businesses millions every year .
But the most tragic is the toll it takes on individual relationships .
Families are torn apart , friendships end , and people sometimes are killed or kill themselves over a futile and misguided attempt to uphold the status quo .
A.M.A. Song
By Phil Ochs
G D G We are the nation 's physicians D G Yes , we give to our lobbies every day D B C7 We will fight against disease when the money comes with ease G D G
And when we get together we say C G Hooray for A.M.A. C G D And for us doctors gluts of higher pay G D B C7
If you can't afford my bill do n't you tell me that you 're ill G D G ' Cause that 's the free enterprise way We 've divided up the sections of the body Every day we specialize more and more
But we really love to stitch the diseases of the rich
We are sure there is a clinic for the poor Hooray for the A.M.A
And for us doctors gluts of higher pay
If you can't afford my bill do n't you tell me that you 're ill ' Cause that 's the free enterprise way And our waiting rooms are getting pretty crowded
It is sad to see our patients sit and bleed But if you must use our ointment then you must have an appointment
Or who'll pay for those magazines you read Hooray for the A.M.A
And for us doctors gluts of higher pay , higher pay If you can't afford my bill do n't you tell me that you 're ill ' Cause that 's the free enterprise way And now the government is getting too ambitious
Yes , we know they want to socialize us all Well our oath was hippocratic but with money we 're fanatic
So we 'll see you in Canada in the fall [ 1 ]
Hooray for the A.M.A .
And for us doctors gluts of higher pay
If you can't afford my bill do n't you tell me that you 're ill ' Cause that 's the free enterprise way AMALGAMATED A.M.A .
Notes :
1 . At the time this song was written ( circa 1962 ) Canada did not have socialized medicine .
That 's probably the only part of this song you could call dated .
This was one of Phil 's more popular songs when he sang at Faragher 's , a coffeehouse in Cleveland Heights in 1961 .
It was published in Broadside , issue # 21 in February 1963 .
( thanks to Bill Curtis for the last two items )
17 Aug 97 trent
GHGs are the primary driver of climate change , which can lead to hotter , longer heat waves that threaten the health of the sick , poor or elderly ; increases in ground - level ozone pollution linked to asthma and other respiratory illnesses ; as well as other threats to the health and welfare of Americans .
After a thorough examination of the scientific evidence and careful consideration of public comments , the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) announced today that greenhouse gases ( GHGs ) threaten the public health and welfare of the American people .
EPA also finds that GHG emissions from on - road vehicles contribute to that threat .
The Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) on Monday made its long awaited announcement regarding greenhouse gases .
In this post , I highlight a few of the sections of the announcement and findings that caught my attention .
It should be noted that the statement says that GHG “ threatens ” the public welfare , while it is “ the primary driver of climate change . ”
The press release relates to two specific findings which were signed by the EPA Administrator today .
Those findings are :
Endangerment Finding : The Administrator finds that the current and projected concentrations of the six key well - mixed greenhouse gases -- carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) , methane ( CH4 ) , nitrous oxide ( N2O ) , hydrofluorocarbons ( HFCs ) , perfluorocarbons ( PFCs ) , and sulfur hexafluoride ( SF6 ) -- in the atmosphere threaten the public health and welfare of current and future generations .
Cause or Contribute Finding : The Administrator finds that the combined emissions of these well - mixed greenhouse gases from new motor vehicles and new motor vehicle engines contribute to the greenhouse gas pollution which threatens public health and welfare .
The basis for this decision is given in three sets of documents : the findings themselves ; a technical support document ( TSD ) ; and eleven volumes of comments ( the list is here ) .
I 'm going to go through the first of these , a 284 page document , and pull out paragraphs that I have found of interest .
Within the findings , the EPA explains the legal framework on which it based its decision , the way it went about evaluating the evidence that it considered , and the resulting finding .
In its opening statement it notes ( page 8 ) :
. . . the Administrator finds that greenhouse gases in the atmosphere may reasonably be anticipated both to endanger public health and to endanger public welfare .
And here the gases are specifically defined as “ long - lived , well - mixed and directly emitted greenhouse gases . ”
The primary basis for the decision is given as assessments of the U.S. Global Climate Research Program ( USGCRP ) , the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) and the National Research Council ( NRC ) .
Starting at page 9 :
The Administrator reached her determination by considering both observed and projected effects of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere , their effect on climate , and the public health and welfare risks and impacts associated with such climate change .
The Administrator ’s assessment focused on public health and public welfare impacts within the United States .
She also examined the evidence with respect to impacts in other world regions , and she concluded that these impacts strengthen the case for endangerment to public health and welfare because impacts in other world regions can in turn adversely affect the United States .
The evidence concerning adverse air quality impacts provides strong and clear support for an endangerment finding .
Increases in ambient ozone are expected to occur over broad areas of the country , and they are expected to increase serious adverse health effects in large population areas that are and may continue to be in nonattainment .
The evaluation of the potential risks associated with increases in ozone in attainment areas also supports such a finding .
The impact on mortality and morbidity associated with increases in average temperatures , which increase the likelihood of heat waves , also provides support for a public health endangerment finding .
There are uncertainties over the net health impacts of a temperature increase due to decreases in cold - related mortality , but some recent evidence suggests that the net impact on mortality is more likely to be adverse , in a context where heat is already the leading cause of weather - related deaths in the United States .
The evidence concerning how human - induced climate change may alter extreme weather events also clearly supports a finding of endangerment , given the serious adverse impacts that can result from such events and the increase in risk , even if small , of the occurrence and intensity of events such as hurricanes and floods .
Additionally , public health is expected to be adversely affected by an increase in the severity of coastal storm events due to rising sea levels .
There is some evidence that elevated carbon dioxide concentrations and climate changes can lead to changes in aeroallergens that could increase the potential for allergenic illnesses .
The evidence on pathogen borne disease vectors provides directional support for an endangerment finding .
The Administrator acknowledges the many uncertainties in these areas .
Although these adverse effects provide some support for an endangerment finding , the Administrator is not placing primary weight on these factors .
Finally , the Administrator places weight on the fact that certain groups , including children , the elderly , and the poor , are most vulnerable to these climate - related health effects .
The evidence concerning adverse impacts in the areas of water resources and sea level rise and coastal areas provides the clearest and strongest support for an endangerment finding , both for current and future generations .
Strong support is also found in the evidence concerning infrastructure and settlements , as well ecosystems and wildlife .
Across the sectors , the potential serious adverse impacts of extreme events , such as wildfires , flooding , drought , and extreme weather conditions , provide strong support for such a finding .
And from page 14 :
The most serious potential adverse effects are the increased risk of storm surge and flooding in coastal areas from sea level rise and more intense storms .
Observed sea level rise is already increasing the risk of storm surge and flooding in some coastal areas .
The conclusion in the assessment literature that there is the potential for hurricanes to become more intense ( and even some evidence that Atlantic hurricanes have already become more intense ) reinforces the judgment that coastal communities are now endangered by human induced climate change , and may face substantially greater risk in the future .
Even if there is a low probability of raising the destructive power of hurricanes , this threat is enough to support a finding that coastal communities are endangered by greenhouse gas air pollution .
In addition , coastal areas face other adverse impacts from sea level rise such as land loss due to inundation , erosion , wetland submergence , and habitat loss .
The increased risk associated with these adverse impacts also endangers public welfare , with an increasing risk of greater adverse impacts in the future .
While the impacts on net energy demand may be viewed as generally neutral for purposes of making an endangerment determination , climate change is expected to result in an increase in electricity production , especially supply for peak demand .
This may be exacerbated by the potential for adverse impacts from climate change on hydropower resources as well as the potential risk of serious adverse effects on energy infrastructure from extreme events .
Changes in extreme weather events threaten energy , transportation , and water resource infrastructure .
Vulnerabilities of industry , infrastructure , and settlements to climate change are generally greater in high - risk locations , particularly coastal and riverine areas , and areas whose economies are closely linked with climate - sensitive resources .
Climate change will likely interact with and possibly exacerbate ongoing environmental change and environmental pressures in settlements , particularly in Alaska where indigenous communities are facing major environmental and cultural impacts on their historic lifestyles .
The above ends on page 15 .
Then beginning on page 16 :
However , the body of evidence points towards increasing risk of net adverse impacts on U.S. food production and agriculture over time , with the potential for significant disruptions and crop failure in the future .
For the near term , the Administrator finds the beneficial impact on forest growth and productivity in certain parts of the country from elevated carbon dioxide concentrations and temperature increases to date is offset by the clear risk from the observed increases in wildfires , combined with risks from the spread of destructive pests and disease .
And moving on to page 21 .
The concern now , however , is that the changes taking place in our atmosphere as a result of the well - documented buildup of greenhouse gases due to human activities are changing the climate at a pace and in a way that threatens human health , society , and the natural environment .
Some hint of future regulation may be discerned as the document progresses ( page 22 ) :
On September 15 , 2009 , EPA and the Department of Transportation ’s National Highway Safety Administration ( NHTSA ) proposed a National Program that would dramatically reduce greenhouse gas emissions and improve fuel economy for new cars and trucks sold in the United States .
The combined EPA and NHTSA standards that make up this proposed National Program would apply to passenger cars , light - duty trucks , and medium - duty passenger vehicles , covering model years 2012 through 2016 .
They proposed to require these vehicles to meet an estimated combined average emissions level of 250 grams of carbon dioxide per mile , equivalent to 35.5 miles per gallon ( MPG ) if the automobile industry were to meet this carbon dioxide level solely through fuel economy improvements .
Together , these proposed standards would cut carbon dioxide emissions by an estimated 950 million metric tons and 1.8 billion barrels of oil over the lifetime of the vehicles sold under the program ( model years 2012 - 2016 ) .
The proposed rulemaking can be viewed at ( 74 FR 49454 , September 28 , 2009 ) .
Much of the rest of the document is a justification of action relative to the host of comments that had been submitted .
These 380,000 - odd comments , on the proposed ruling , were described thusly .
A majority of the comments ( approximately 370,000 ) were the result of mass mail campaigns , which are defined as groups of comments that are identical or very similar in form and content .
Overall , about two - thirds of the mass mail comments received are supportive of the Findings and generally encouraged the Administrator both to make a positive endangerment determination and implement greenhouse gas emission regulations .
Of the mass mail campaigns in disagreement with the Proposed Findings most either oppose the proposal on economic grounds ( e.g. , due to concern for regulatory measures following an endangerment finding ) or take issue with the proposed finding that atmospheric greenhouse gas concentrations endanger public health and welfare .
The recent publication of the e-mails and codes from the CRU is addressed on page 46 .
Our response regarding the request to reopen the comment period due to concerns about alleged destruction of raw global surface data is discussed more fully in the Response to Comments document , Volume 11 .
The commenter did not provide any compelling reason to conclude that the absence of these data would materially affect the trends in the temperature records or conclusions drawn about them in the assessment literature and reflected in the TSD .
The Hadley Centre / Climate Research Unit ( CRU ) temperature record ( referred to as HadCRUT ) is just one of three global surface temperature records that EPA and the assessment literature refer to and cite .
National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) and National Aeronautics and Space Administration ( NASA ) also produce temperature records , and all three temperature records have been extensively peer reviewed .
Analyses of the three global temperature records produce essentially the same long - term trends as noted in the Climate Change Science Program ( CCSP ) ( 2006 ) report " Temperature Trends in the Lower Atmosphere , " IPCC ( 2007 ) , and NOAA 's study5 " State of the Climate in 2008 " .
Furthermore , the commenter did not demonstrate that the allegedly destroyed data would materially alter the HadCRUT record or meaningfully hinder its replication .
The document further notes ( page 56 ) :
First , the Administrator is required to protect public health and welfare , but she is not asked to wait until harm has occurred .
EPA must be ready to take regulatory action to prevent harm before it occurs .
Section 202 ( a ) ( 1 ) requires the Administrator to “ anticipate ” “ danger ” to public health or welfare .
The Administrator is thus to consider both current and future risks .
Second , the Administrator is to exercise judgment by weighing risks , assessing potential harms , and making reasonable projections of future trends and possibilities .
It follows that when exercising her judgment the Administrator balances the likelihood and severity of effects .
This balance involves a sliding scale ; on one end the severity of the effects may be of great concern , but the likelihood low , while on the other end the severity may be less , but the likelihood high .
Under either scenario , the Administrator is permitted to find endangerment .
If the harm would be catastrophic , the Administrator is permitted to find endangerment even if the likelihood is small .
The Administrator recognizes that the context for this action is unique .
There is a very large and comprehensive base of scientific information that has been developed over many years through a global consensus process involving numerous scientists from many countries and representing many disciplines .
She also recognizes that there are varying degrees of uncertainty across many of these scientific issues .
It is in this context that she is exercising her judgment and applying the statutory framework .
The reason for the ruling is tied to the Massachusetts case ( page 68 ) :
As the Supreme Court made clear in Massachusetts v. EPA , EPA ’s judgment in making the endangerment and contribution findings is constrained by the statute , and EPA is to decide these issues based solely on the scientific and other evidence relevant to that decision .
EPA may not " rest ” on reasoning divorced from the statutory text , " and instead EPA ’s exercise of judgment must relate to whether an air pollutant causes or contributes to air pollution that endangers .
Massachusetts v. EPA , 549 U.S. at 532 .
and ( page 79 ) :
The Administrator has determined that the body of scientific evidence compellingly supports her endangerment finding .
This evidence is included in a technical support document ( TSD ) including the assessment of the USGCRP .
It imposes a standard on this information , and seeks to address some of the criticism that has arisen since the word on Climategate got out .
Moving to page 86 :
Fourth , these assessment reports undergo a rigorous and exacting standard of peer review by the expert community , as well as rigorous levels of U.S. government review and acceptance .
Individual studies that appear in scientific journals , even if peer reviewed , do not go through as many review stages , nor are they reviewed and commented on by as many scientists .
The review processes of the IPCC , USGCRP , and NRC ( explained in fuller detail in the TSD and the Response to Comments document , Volume 1 ) provide EPA with strong assurance that this material has been well vetted by both the climate change research community and by the U.S. government .
These assessments therefore essentially represent the U.S. government ’s view of the state of knowledge on greenhouse gases and climate change .
But it does note
In addition to the significant reasons discussed above for relying on and placing primary weight on these assessment reports , EPA has been a very active part of the U.S. government climate change research enterprise , and has taken an active part in the review , writing , and approval of these assessments .
EPA was the lead agency for three significant reports under the USGCRP , and recently completed an assessment addressing the climate change impacts on U.S. air quality — a report on which the TSD heavily relies for that particular issue .
EPA was also involved in review of the IPCC Fourth Assessment Report , and in particular took part in the approval of the summary for policymakers for the Working Group II Volume , Impacts , Adaptation and Vulnerability .
Page 106
Thus , commenters misunderstand the role that international effects played in the proposal .
The Administrator is not evaluating the impact of international effects on populations outside the United States ; she is considering what impact these international effects could have on the U.S. population .
That is fully consistent with the CAA 's stated purpose of protecting the health and welfare of this nation ’s population .
An additional parameter of the endangerment analysis is the timeframe .
The Administrator ’s view is that the timeframe over which vulnerabilities , risks , and impacts are considered should be consistent with the timeframe over which greenhouse gases , once emitted , have an effect on climate .
Thus the relevant time frame is decades to centuries for the primary greenhouse gases of concern .
Therefore , in addition to reviewing recent observations , the underlying science upon which the Administrator is basing her findings generally considers the next several decades — the time period out to around 2100 , and for certain impacts , the time period beyond 2100 .
Together the six well - mixed greenhouse gases constitute the largest anthropogenic driver of climate change .
Of the total anthropogenic heating effect caused by the accumulation of the six well - mixed greenhouse gases plus other warming agents ( that do not meet all of the Administrator ’s criteria that pertain to the six greenhouse gases ) since pre-industrial times , the combined heating effect of the six well - mixed greenhouses is responsible for roughly 75 percent , and it is expected that this share may grow larger over time , as discussed below .
Warming of the climate system is unequivocal , as is now evident from observations of increases in global average air and ocean temperatures , widespread melting of snow and ice , and rising global average sea level .
Global mean surface temperatures have risen by 0.74 °C ( 1.3 ºF ) ( ±0.18 °C ) over the last 100 years .
Eight of the 10 warmest years on record have occurred since 2001 .
Global mean surface temperature was higher during the last few decades of the 20th century than during any comparable period during the preceding four centuries .
There is this specific comment about recent discussion of the world no longer warming at an increasing rate ( page 124 ) .
Though most of the warmest years on record have occurred in the last decade in all available datasets , the rate of warming has , for a short time in the Hadley Center record , slowed .
However , the NOAA and NASA trends do not show the same marked slowdown for the 1999 - 2008 period .
Year - to - year fluctuations in natural weather and climate patterns can produce a period that does not follow the long - term trend .
Thus , each year may not necessarily be warmer than every year before it , though the long - term warming trend continues .
The scientific evidence is compelling that elevated concentrations of heat - trapping greenhouse gases are the root cause of recently observed climate change .
. . .
Climate model simulations suggest natural forcing alone ( e.g. , changes in solar irradiance ) cannot explain the observed warming .
The first line of evidence arises from our basic physical understanding of the effects of changing concentrations of greenhouse gases , natural factors , and other human impacts on the climate system .
The second line of evidence arises from indirect , historical estimates of past climate changes that suggest that the changes in global surface temperature over the last several decades are unusual .
The third line of evidence arises from the use of computer - based climate models to simulate the likely patterns of response of the climate system to different forcing mechanisms ( both natural and anthropogenic ) .
The claim that natural internal variability or known natural external forcings can explain most ( more than half ) of the observed global warming of the past 50 years is inconsistent with the vast majority of the scientific literature , which has been synthesized in several assessment reports .
Interestingly , for the United States ( page 127 )
United States temperatures also warmed during the 20th and into the 21st century ; temperatures are now approximately 0.7 °C ( 1.3 °F ) warmer than at the start of the 20th century , with an increased rate of warming over the past 30 years .
Both the IPCC and CCSP reports attributed recent North American warming to elevated greenhouse gas concentrations .
The CCSP ( 2008g ) report finds that for North America , " more than half of this warming [ for the period 1951 - 2006 ] is likely the result of human - caused greenhouse gas forcing of climate change . "
The finding also speaks to other evidence ( page 128 ) :
There is strong evidence that global sea level gradually rose in the 20th century and is currently rising at an increased rate .
It is very likely that the response to anthropogenic forcing contributed to sea level rise during the latter half of the 20th century .
It is not clear whether the increasing rate of sea level rise is a reflection of short - term variability or an increase in the longer - term trend .
Nearly all of the Atlantic Ocean shows sea level rise during the last 50 years with the rate of rise reaching a maximum ( over 2 mm per year ) in a band along the U.S. east coast running east - northeast .
Satellite data since 1979 show that annual average Arctic sea ice extent has shrunk by 4.1 percent per decade .
The size and speed of recent Arctic summer sea ice loss is highly anomalous relative to the previous few thousands of years .
It will be interesting to see how this prediction falls out ( page 132 ) .
All of the United States is very likely to warm during this century , and most areas of the United States are expected to warm by more than the global average .
The largest warming is projected to occur in winter over northern parts of Alaska .
In western , central and eastern regions of North America , the projected warming has less seasonal variation and is not as large , especially near the coast , consistent with less warming over the oceans .
And a related issue on page 137 :
. . . the Administrator recognizes that black carbon is an important climate forcing agent and takes very seriously the emerging science on black carbon ’s contribution to global climate change in general and the high rates of observed climate change in the Arctic in particular .
As noted in the Proposed Findings , EPA has various pending petitions under the CAA calling on the Agency to make an endangerment finding and regulate black carbon emissions .
And page 140 :
EPA plans to further evaluate the issues of emissions of water that are implicated in the formation of contrails and also changes in water vapor due to local irrigation .
And they emphasize on page 151 :
We received many comments suggesting global temperatures have stopped warming .
The commenters base this conclusion on temperature trends over only the last decade .
While there have not been strong trends over the last seven to ten years in global surface temperature or lower troposphere temperatures measured by satellites , this pause in warming should not be interpreted as a sign that the Earth is cooling or that the science supporting continued warming is in error .
Year - to - year variability in natural weather and climate patterns make it impossible to draw any conclusions about whether the climate system is warming or cooling from such a limited analysis .
Historical data indicate short - term trends in long - term time series occasionally run counter to the overall trend .
All three major global surface temperature records show a continuation of long - term warming .
They do note , however on page 153 :
A number of commenters argue that the warmth of the late 20th century is not unusual relative to the past 1,000 years .
They maintain temperatures were comparably warm during the Medieval Warm Period ( MWP ) centered around 1000 A.D.
We agree there was a Medieval Warm Period in many regions but find the evidence is insufficient to assess whether it was globally coherent .
Our review of the available evidence suggests that Northern Hemisphere temperatures in the MWP were probably between 0.1 deg C and 0.2 deg C below the 1961-1990 mean and significantly below the level shown by instrumental data after 1980 .
However , we note significant uncertainty in the temperature record prior to 1600 A.D .
As one comes to some of the predictions that the literature has made on future climate effects the document paints a picture of a possible future .
As such , in times to come it will be interesting to see how things turn out .
But I will stop the abstracting here .
At some future time I will go through some of the other documentation but these were the bits that most caught my eye on a first go through .
Will he stay or will he go ?
Chinese activist Feng Zhengdu
A prominent Chinese dissident says he has been stuck in limbo at Tokyo airport for nine days because China refuses to let him return home .
Feng Zhenghu is camping on a couch near the immigration checkpoint at Narita International Airport .
He told the AFP news agency the Chinese authorities were violating UN regulations and their own laws .
Rights activists claim the stand - off is reminiscent of the stateless man portrayed in the film The Terminal .
Amnesty International lists Mr Feng as a prominent dissident .
He says he has made eight attempts to re-enter China after a stay of several months in Japan , but was turned back four times at Shanghai 's Pudong airport , and prevented from boarding by Japanese airlines on four other occasions .
' His choice '
Mr Feng emigrated to Japan a number of years ago after alleged persecution following his participation in the student movement , but returned in 1999 to set up a consulting firm .
However he was charged with operating an illegal business by the Chinese authorities in 2001 and served a three - year prison term .
A spokesman for the Japanese immigration service at Narita airport said they had never encountered a similar case .
" We have tried to convince him to enter Japan , but it is his choice to stay there , " the spokesman told AFP .
Mr Feng says he has not been refunded the cost of the eight aborted attempts to get back to China , and claims this has left him with no money to buy food .
Steven Spielberg 's 2004 comedy drama
The Terminal tells the story of a man trapped at JFK International Airport in New York - denied entry to the United States , but unable to return home because of a revolution in his native country .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Former anti-virus researcher turns tables on industry
A security researcher shunned by the anti-virus community for violating its unwritten rules has attempted to turn the tables , erecting a Web service that virus writers could use to make their creations more stealthy and undetectable for longer periods of time .
At issue is a new site called avtracker .
info , which aims to keep tabs on the different automated analysis services used by the security industry , such as Virustotal , ThreatExpert , and Norman Sandbox .
Researchers who unearth new malicious code samples often submit them to these services to learn more about how the malware behaves and to see whether the samples are currently detected by anti-virus products .
The results of each scan are shared broadly within the security industry , allowing anti-virus makers that do n't detect the malware to incorporate detection for them in future updates that are pushed out to customer PCs
Enter AV Tracker .
Armed with up - to - date information about these automated scanning services , malware writers could instruct their creations to quit loading or destroy themselves if they detect they are being downloaded by one of these services .
Austrian hacker Peter Kleissner told Security Fix he created AV Tracker .
Kleissner is a young man who many in the community came to know only in August when he spoke at the annual Black Hat security conference in Las Vegas .
In his talk , the 18 - year - old detailed and released a tool called a " bootkit , " which makes it possible for malicious software to compromise a Microsoft Windows PC at a fundamental level ( before the operating system even boots up , hence the name ) .
At the time , Kleissner was employed by Ikarus Software , an Austrian anti-virus firm where he had worked for the previous 14 months .
Kleissner said a number of people had complained that his publishing of the bootkit instructions was not in keeping with the company 's goal of helping Internet users stay safe online , and that as a result Ikarus asked him to resign .
Ikarus did not respond to requests for comment .
Two weeks later , Kleissner found himself exiled from " Incidents & Insights , " one of several invite - only security mailing lists maintained by members of the research community .
Ken Dunham , the administrator of that list and director of global response for security firm iSight Partners , declined to comment for this story .
But according to information shared with Security Fix , Dunham evicted Kleissner from the list after the latter disclosed he had hacked an Internet kiosk in a Zurich airport on his way home from Black Hat .
Last week , Vitaly Kamluk , director of research at Russian anti-virus giant Kaspersky Lab , took aim at Kleissner for the service .
In a simmering blog post titled , A Black Hat Loses Control , Kamluk noted that Kleissner sent Kaspsersky and other anti-virus makers and malware scanning partners a sample program designed to harvest the Internet addresses of their scanning machines .
Kamluk said the sample Kleissner submitted also included a taunting message that suggested that Kleissner was working with one of the world 's most notorious malware writing gangs .
Kamluk also lambasted Kleissner for suggesting that malware writers could use the address information in AV Tracker to attack the malware scanning services .
In an interview with Security Fix , Kleissner acknowledged he was upset at being ostracized by the anti-virus community .
But he said he is not working with malware gangs and that his Easter egg message to the ant - virus industry was little more than a joke .
" I 'm always doing computer research stuff , and people can use my knowledge or not , but I wo n't stop publishing things , " Kleissner said .
In some sense , what AV Tracker is attempting to do typifies the type of back and forth battle that has been ongoing between the anti-virus industry and malware writers for many years .
Entire families of malware will prevent users of infected PCs from visiting security Web sites and forums that offer to help people clean their machines .
In addition , many families of malicious software simply wo n't run if they detect they 're being executed inside of analysis tools commonly used by anti-virus researchers .
Some security experts in the anti-virus community are dismissing AV Tracker as a publicity stunt , while others wonder what all the fuss is about .
" I 've always assumed virus writers were doing this all along , " said Dmitri Alperovitch , vice president of threat research at McAfee ,
" That 's why I 'm not shocked by this . "
But Richard J. Zwienenberg , chief research officer at Norman ASA , a Norwegian security firm that operates the malware analyzing service Norman Sandbox , suggested that services like AV Tracker - to the extent that they accurately track up - to - the - minute Internet addresses used by online malware analysis sites - could pose a problem for some security technologies .
" In general of course AV Tracker is not the best thing that can happen .
[ Whether ] it is a big concern depends on the way the malware authors start to use it , and how the products targeted are set up , " Zwienenberg said .
" If your in - the - cloud solution is based on a single [ Internet address ] or a small range of [ addresses ] , then you may have a problem if your security is depending on this .
Given the open nature of the Internet , events as av-tracker .
info are inevitable . "
Julio Canto , project manager at virustotal.com , a malware scanning service based in Spain that runs all submitted malware samples through more than three dozen anti-virus scanners , said he 's not too concerned about Kleissner 's new project .
At least not yet : According to Canto , several of the Internet addresses listed on AV Tracker are merely the outward - facing addresses assigned to malware scanning services , or are incorrect entirely .
" It is quite a simplistic point of view assuming that anti-virus vendors or other entities will use static Internet addresses for checking incoming samples , " Canto said .
Still , he said , a more comprehensive and timely list of addresses at AV Tracker could become a thorn in the side of the security industry if broadly adopted by malicious software makers .
" If malware writers would start with this kind of stuff , there would be an arms race -- with one side doing blacklisting and the other side moving to fast - replaced Internet ranges and so on , or simply checking from multiple Internet addresses at one time , " Canto said .
" Unfortunately , I think that is just a drop of water in an ocean of smart people turning to the dark side . "
For his part , Kleissner denied he has somehow turned to " the dark side . "
" I have done lots and lots of research and helped other anti-virus vendors , and I 'm always open for anything , " he said .
" I wo n't make a difference between black hats and AV companies .
To me it 's not good or bad , it 's just technology . "
Despite advances in treatment regimens and the best efforts of nurses and doctors , about 70 % of all people with severe burns die from related infections .
But a revolutionary new wound dressing developed at Tel Aviv University could cut that number dramatically .
Prof. Meital Zilberman of TAU 's Department of Biomedical Engineering has developed a new wound dressing based on fibers she engineered -- fibers that can be loaded with drugs like antibiotics to speed up the healing process , and then dissolve when they 've done their job .
A study published in the Journal of Biomedical Materials Research -- Applied Biomaterials demonstrates that , after only two days , this dressing can eradicate infection - causing bacteria .
The new dressing protects the wound until it is no longer needed , after which it melts away .
" We 've developed the first wound dressing that both releases antibiotic drugs and biodegrades in a controlled manner , " says Prof. Zilberman .
" It solves current mechanical and physical limitations in wound - dressing techniques and gives physicians a new and more effective platform for treating burns and bedsores . "
Not as simple as it sounds
While the concept is simple , the technology is not .
Skin , Prof. Zilberman explains , serves a number of vastly different purposes .
" Wound dressings must maintain a certain level of moisture while acting as a shield , " she says .
" Like skin , they must also enable fluids from the wound to leave the infected tissue at a certain rate .
It ca n't be too fast or too slow .
If too fast , the wound will dry out and it wo n't heal properly .
If too slow , there 's a real risk of increased contamination . "
Prof. Zilberman 's new wound dressing , which does not yet have a formal name , is designed to mimic skin and the way it protects the body .
It combines positive mechanical and physical properties with what medical researchers call " a desired release profile of antibiotics . "
Slashing mortality statistics
Unlike oral antibiotics , locally - applied antibiotics can target and kill harmful bacteria before they enter the body to cause further infection , sepsis , or death .
" People who suffer from large burns do n't usually die from the condition itself .
The fatal culprits are the secondary bacterial infections that invade the body through these vulnerable burned areas , " says Prof. Zilberman .
The new TAU dressing inhibits bacterial growth and is biodegradable , which helps doctors avoid constant wound cleaning and redressing , allowing the body to do the work on its own .
" When administered at the wound , a doctor can give relatively high but local doses of antibiotics , avoiding any toxicity issues that arise when the same amount of antibiotic passes through the body , " explains Prof.
Zilberman , who worked on this research with Jonathan Elsner , her Ph.D. student .
Prof. Zilberman is now starting the early stages of clinical trials on animal models .
So far , her wound dressing has passed physical and mechanical tests in vitro and in bacterial inhibition tests in the laboratory .
She is also seeking a strategic partner to co-develop the research and take it to the commercial stage .
The public will get a rare glimpse of the 11th century Celtic Psalter
The oldest book in Scotland is going on public display for the first time in its history .
The Celtic Psalter dates from the 11th Century and contains hand - written psalms in Latin , with Celtic and Pictish illustrations .
It has been kept under lock and key at the University of Edinburgh and has been available to only a few scholars .
But for the next three months the public will have the chance to view the book at the university 's library .
The psalter , which is thought to be almost 1,000 years old , has been described as Scotland 's version of the famous Book of Kells in Dublin .
It contains a handwritten copy of the Psalms of King David in Latin , and has ornate pictures of dragons and beasts .
Edinburgh University 's rare book librarian Joseph Marshall said : " People have been reluctant to show it , but now we have a special display case , and really this is the book 's first public outing in 1,000 years . "
The origin of the psalter is a mystery but experts believe it was probably produced by monks in Iona , who were also associated with the making of the Book of Kells .
It 's as beautiful today as it was when it was first written
Joseph Marshall
Edinburgh University
It is thought that the pocket - sized book was donated to Edinburgh University 's library around the 17th century , but it has only been available to students of medieval manuscripts .
It is still in pristine condition because it has been kept out of public view for so long .
Although the original binding has been lost , the script is bold and clear and the red , green , purple and gold in the illustrations are still vivid .
Mr Marshall said : " It is a riot of colour .
You would think someone had gone over it with a felt - tip pen . "
He added that he thought the book was probably commissioned by a figure of importance , such as St Margaret , Queen of Scotland .
Mr Marshall said : " Someone has gone to town to make it look beautiful and it's as beautiful today as it was when it was first written . "
The psalter is part of a display which marks the refurbishment of the university library 's exhibition room .
" Masterpieces 1 " also includes Scotland 's only copy of the first book printed in any of the Gaelic languages .
Also on display is the finest surviving copy of Scotland 's first substantial printed book , the Aberdeen Breviary which dates back to 1509 .
There is also a copy of Shakespeare 's Romeo and Juliet published during the playwright 's lifetime .
The exhibition opens on Friday and lasts until 14 March .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Barack Obama , seen arriving in Copenhagen , and 18 other leaders from large nations are making a last - ditch effort to save foundering climate - change conference .
On the verge of a deal in Copenhagen
COPENHAGEN — President Obama and world leaders are on the verge of finalizing a climate deal that caps the global temperature rise at 1.5 degrees — but punts major emissions decisions until 2012 — after a day of frantic leader - to - leader talks in Copenhagen .
" We 're very close , " said a person close the negotiations this evening , involving President Obama and leaders from China , Indian and Brazil .
Advertisement
Earlier Friday , a visibly angry Barack Obama threw down the gauntlet at China and other developing nations Friday , declaring that the time has come " not to talk but to act " on climate change .
Obama ’s public ultimatum kicked off a furious round of bilateral negotiations between the world ’s two largest pollution emitters as the conference entered its final hours , with Obama plunging into a pair of bargaining sessions involving Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao , who had earlier boycotted a larger , multi-nation meeting with Obama .
As night fell in the Danish capital , the talks dragged on , with Obama extending his visit to complete a deal even as a big snowstorm closed in on Washington D.C .
The outlines of a relatively vague “ political ” agreement seemed to be taking shape , according to three drafts of possible statements leaked to the press Friday .
The latest draft contained a goal of capping global temperature increases to 1.5 percent – a tougher standard than the previous 2 percent threshold in earlier drafts .
Still , there was no hint of the emissions caps that were thought to be critical before the conference began two weeks ago .
On Friday morning , Obama warned delegates that U.S. offers of funding for poor nations would remain on the table “ if and only if ” developing nations , including China , agreed to international monitoring of their greenhouse gas emissions .
" I have to be honest , as the world watches us ...
I think our ability to take collective action is in doubt and it hangs in the balance , ” Obama told the COP - 15 plenary session as hope faded for anything more than a vague political agreement .
“ The time for talk is over , this is the bottom line :
We can embrace this accord , take a substantial step forward .
We can do that , and everyone who is in this room will be part of an historic endeavor , or we can choose delay , ” he said .
He added , “ The question is whether we will move forward together , or split apart . …
We know the fault lines because we ’ve been imprisoned by them for years . ”
Back home , senators critical to getting a climate bill through Congress have stressed that developing nations must submit to international monitoring — particularly if they want the U.S. to pay hundreds of billions to help combat the destructive impact of climate change .
" The only way we 'll be successful in America is for countries like China and India to make an equivalent commitment , " said Sen. Lindsey Graham ( R - S.C. ) , who is crafting a bipartisan climate bill .
" We 're not going to unilaterally disarm . "
While Obama emphasized the U.S. commitment to taking action on climate change , he did not set a deadline for specific Senate action on the climate bill .
Former Vice President Al Gore and other environmental activists have pushed the Senate to pass legislation by April 22 , the 40th anniversary of Earth Day , in hope of providing momentum to international talks next year .
The lack of specific domestic and international commitments in Obama 's address indicated that an international agreement still hung in the balance — even as the talks moved into the final weekend .
Overnight reports that world leaders had agreed to a tentative final climate change deal in Copenhagen were greatly exaggerated — and the outcome of the COP - 15 conference was still very much up in the air when Air Force One touched down at 9:01 a.m. local time .
“ What ’s on the table still has large gaps and unanswered questions , " said David Waskow , climate change program director at Oxfam America .
" The United States must get more specific to make a real deal possible . ”
After addressing the delegates , Obama met with Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao for close to an hour to discuss emissions goals , verification mechanisms and climate financing .
The lack of agreement between China and the U.S. — the world 's two largest greenhouse gas emitters — has been a major stumbling block in the talks .
A White house official described the discussion as “ constructive ” and said that the two leaders asked their negotiators to get together one - on - one after the meeting .
Obama had been expected to meet one - on - one with Danish Prime Minister Lars Rasmussen immediately after landing in Copenhagen Friday morning , followed by an 11 a.m. speech to the conference 's plenary session .
But recognizing the urgency of the situation , he quickly cancelled those plans to sit in on a much larger session with Rasmussen , Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd , British Prime Minister Gordon Brown , French President Nicolas Sarkozy , German Chancellor Angela Merkel , Japanese Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama , a Chinese representative , Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , Russian President Dmitry Medvedev and others .
" There are big problems , it is moving very slowly , and China and India are blocking , " Sarkozy told the Danish daily Politiken after leaving the meeting , which broke up at 11:30 a.m .
Weary and frustrated negotiators described a process that still involved the nibbling of policy appetizers at a time when prior conferences were already on to the coffee and dessert of their valedictory speeches .
They warned that none of the several drafts circulating in Copenhagen represented even the bones of a final deal , with many key issues still in flux and time running out .
Moreover , U.S. predictions that roadblocks could be thrown up by smaller countries seemed to be coming true , with last - minute objections voiced by Venezuela , Bolivia , Sudan and Saudi Arabia , according to people familiar with talks .
" There are deep differences in opinion and views on how we should solve this .
We 'll try our best , until the last minutes of this conference , " Swedish Prime Minister Fredrik Reinfeldt told reporters as overnight talks ended .
Negotiators from nearly 200 nations , working around the clock , did agree to a broad mandate to cap the global temperature increase from pre-industrial levels at two degrees Celsius .
But there was no deal on emissions caps or specific carbon cuts , according to officials briefed on the talks .
One key sticking point : a demand by industrialized nations that the document produced here be legally binding , the so - called " operational " agreement Secretary of State Hillary Clinton spoke about yesterday .
Developing countries , led by China , India and the African Union , still seemed unwilling to sign off on a final document , despite a new deal sweetener that could add as much as $ 30 billion to the $ 100 billion annual international fund for poor nations by 2020 outlined by Clinton on Thursday .
An official with a developing nation told Reuters that rich nations were offering to cut their carbon emissions by 80 percent by 2050 , a proposal that had been rejected by developing nations .
Developing nations have always insisted on the need for mid-term targets .
" The situation is desperate , " a top Indian negotiator told the wire service .
" There is no agreement on even what to call the text — a declaration , a statement or whatever .
They ( rich nations ) want to make it a politically binding document , which we oppose . "
And the U.S. was still wrestling with China and India over international monitoring of their emissions cuts , a sticking point that ground the entire conference to a halt early Thursday .
Danes monitored the progress of Obama 's arrival obsessively , with cabbies craning at dashboard TV sets to monitor the approach of Air Force One from distant dot to Obama 's arrival .
He was accompanied by environment czar Carol Browner , aide Valerie Jarrett , press secretary Robert Gibbs and National Security Adviser Jim Jones .
PC controller gets steamed up over Thomas ' the Sexist ' Tank Engine
If you thought the television tales about Thomas the Tank Engine were merely light - hearted fun , think again .
In fact , they portray a world blighted by a ' conservative political ideology ' and a rigid class system which stifles self - expression .
And they are sexist .
That , at least , is the view of a female academic who took the trouble to analyse 23 episodes of the programme inspired by the books of the Rev W V Awdry .
' Demeaning to women ' : Thomas the Tank Engine stifles self expression and is sexist , according to a Professor
According to Professor Shauna Wilton , women are under - represented in the stories and what few female characters there are tend to have ' secondary ' roles or be bossy .
What 's more , she has warned that such negative messages about society subconsciously gleaned from the show might even drive its young fans off the rails in later life .
The learned professor was inspired to carry out her study after watching Thomas videos with her three - year - old daughter .
While the child was enthralled , her mother was dismayed .
She was left feeling ' uncomfortable ' by the way the colourful steam engines are punished if they show initiative or try to change their rank or role .
Her research also highlights the class divide , with Thomas and his fellow engines including Percy and James at the bottom of the social ladder and the Fat Controller , Sir Topham Hatt , at the top .
Any attempt by the downtrodden workers to show initiative or dissent is met with punishment , she found .
In one episode , for example , Thomas whistles impatiently at a police officer and is replaced with a different engine as a punishment for showing dissent .
Professor Wilton , from the department of political sciences at Alberta University , Canada , wants tighter controls on what is broadcast - to children .
She said : ' We tend to think of children 's TV shows as neutral and safe , but they still carry messages .
' Eventually these children will attain full political citizenship , and the opinions and world outlook they develop now , partially influencedby shows like Thomas , are part of that process . '
Laura Midgley , of the Campaign Against Political Correctness , described the research as ' unbelievable nonsense ' .
She said : ' I can not believe anyone has the time and energy to do such a study .
I 'm surprised she has n't singled out the Fat Controller as an example of fattism too .
The Labour minster of the socialist government in greece has expressed fears of bloodshed due to the measures set to be imposed in the next 3 months in response to the debt crisis of the country .
Mr Lomberdos the Minster of Labour of the socialist party ( PASOK ) ruling greece since October this year has expressed worries that the measures needed to lift the national debt crisis that is threatening to kick greece out of the euro - zone might result in bloodshed .
" There is little we can do to prevent that " he added , days after his resignation from office was overruled by the PM .
The declaration that has hit the political and economic world in greece as a lightening in the midst of the rather reluctant Christmas festivities comes only days after the Communist Party ( KKE 3rd largest in parliament ) responded to his criticism of union take - overs of the Ministry of Labour and other government premises during protest marches this month by declaring that " workers and farmers have the right to resort to any means of struggle to defend their rights " , a far step from the usual law - abiding stance of the KKE .
Last week the traditionally anarchist means of state - building occupations was employed for the first time by the KKE and the Radical Left Coalition .
Members of the latter symbolically occupied a train bound to Salonica .
The development has angered the government which has been seeking " national unity " to guarantee peaceful implementation of the austerity measures .
The latter , the Minister of Labour , indicated could include a reduction of the current 14 pension salaries to only 10 , a move that is sure to create an uproar as well as wide spread misery .
The Minister has indicated that such measures " can only be implemented in a violent way " .
Earlier this month the greek PM in an address to the Parliament had said that the national debt crisis is " the first national sovereignty crisis since 1974 " , i.e. since the Cyprus war and the collapse of the colonels ' junta .
Amidst spreading rumors in Athens that the government is not willing to implement the anti-popular measures alone , despite it having the largest parliamentary majority since the mid 80s , and that it is seeking to forge an emergency national unity government that will be able to suspend articles of the constitution protecting the right to public assembly , demonstration and strike , the new leader of the right - wing opposition , ultra- nationalist Mr Samaras , has gone public denying any intention to form a coalition government with PASOK in order to face the crisis .
A further blow to the call of national unity has been most peculiarly dealt by a group of orthodox priests who have formed a " priests ' struggle movement " .
The priests have refused to denounce the armed struggle " as a means of defending the people 's conquests " , and have pledged to work through their churches to " rise class consciousness " .
It is the first time that such a rift appears in the usually monolithic orthodox church since the civil war when many priests took up arms against the monarcho - fascists .
A key argument that public - safety officials use to justify their absurdly high pension benefits –- i.e. , “ 3 percent at 50 ” retirements that allow them to retire with 90 percent or more of their final year ’s pay as early as age 50 -- is this :
We die soon after retirement because of all the stresses and difficulties of our jobs .
This is such a common urban legend that virtually every officer who contacts me mentions this “ fact . ”
They never provide back - up evidence .
Here is one article I ’ve been sent by police to make their point .
It was written in 1999 by Thomas Aveni of the Police Policy Council , a police advocacy organization .
Here is the key segment : “ Turning our attention back towards the forgotten police shift worker , sleep deprivation must be considered a serious component of another potential killer : job stress .
The cumulative effect of sleep deprivation upon the shift - working policeman appears to aggravate job stress , and / or his ability to cope with it .
" Even more troubling is the prospect that the synergy of job stress and chronic sleep indebtedness contributes mightily to a diminished life expectancy .
In the U.S. , non-police males have a life - expectancy of 73 years .
Policemen in the U.S. have a life expectancy of 53 - 66 years , depending on which research one decides to embrace .
In addition , police submit workman 's compensation claims six times higher than the rate of other employees ... ”
I do n’t doubt that police work can be very stressful , but many jobs are stressful , many have long hours , many are more dangerous , many involve sleep deprivation .
As intelligent adults , we all need to weigh the risk and benefits of any career choice .
Aveni uses the high amount of workers compensation claims as evidence of the dangers of the job , but given the tendency of police and firefighters to abuse the disability system – miraculously discovering a disabling injury exactly a year from retirement , thus getting an extra year off and protecting half the pension from taxes – I ’m not convinced this proves anything .
Given the number of officers who are retired based on knee injuries , back aches , irritable bowel syndrome , acid reflux , etc. , this suggests that police game the system and know their fellows on the retirement board will approve virtually any disability claim .
There are so many legal presumptions ( if an officer develops various conditions or diseases it is legally presumed to be work related , whether or not it actually is work related ) that bolster the scam .
“ Disabled ” officers often go right out and get similar law enforcement jobs , which calls into question how disabling the injury really is .
Regarding sleep deprivation , police and firefighters have secured schedules that minimize the long hours ; then the officers often choose to work overtime for double salary , which perhaps is the real cause of sleep problems .
The big whopper in the Aveni article , however , is the claim that officers live to be 53 - 66 .
If that were so , there would be no unfunded liability problem because of pension benefits .
Police officers would retire at 50 - 55 , then live a few years at best .
But , for example , according to the state of California pubic employees ' retirement system ( CalPERS ) actuary , police actually live longer than average these days , which is n’t surprising given that the earlier people retire and the wealthier they are , the longer they tend to live .
And according to a 2006 report to the Oregon Public Employees Retirement System , these are the age - 60 life expectancies for the system ’s workers ( meaning how many years after 60 they will live ) :
-- Police and fire males : 22.6
-- General service males : 23.4
-- Police and fire females : 25.7
-- General service females : 25.7
So we see that police and firefighters who retire at age 60 live , on average , well into their 80s .
That ’s real data and not the hearsay used by apologists for enormous police pensions .
CalPERS actuary David Lamoureux sent me a CalPERS presentation called “ Preparing for Tomorrow , ” from the retirement fund ’s 2008 educational forum .
The presentation features various “ pension myth busters . ”
Here is Myth # 4 ( presented as part of a Power Point presentation ) : “ Safety members do not live as long as miscellaneous members . ”
CalPERS officials explain that “ rumor has it that safety members only live a few years after retirement . ”
Actuarial data answers the question : “ Do they actually live for a shorter time ? ”
The presentation considers the competing facts : “ Safety members tend to have a more physically demanding job , this could lead to a shorter life expectancy .
However , miscellaneous members sit at their desk and might be more at risk to accumulating table muscle ! ”
Fire officials , by the way , make identical claims about dying as early as police officials .
For answers , CalPERS looked at an experience study conducted by its actuarial office in 2004 .
It looked at post - retirement mortality data for public safety officials and compared it to mortality rates for miscellaneous government workers covered by the CalPERS system .
Here are the CalPERS life expectancy data for miscellaneous members :
--
If the current age is 55 , the retiree is expected to live to be 81.4 if male , and 85 if female .
--
If the current age is 60 , the retiree is expected to live to be age 82 if male , and 85.5 if female .
--
If the current age is 65 , the retiree is expected to live to be age 82.9 if male , and 86.1 if female .
Here is the CalPERS life expectancy data for public safety members ( police and fire , which are grouped together by the pension fund ) :
--
If the current age is 55 , the retiree is expected to live to be 81.4 if male , and 85 if female .
--
If the current age is 60 , the retiree is expected to live to be age 82 if male , and 85.5 if female .
--
If the current age is 65 , the retiree is expected to live to be age 82.9 if male , and 86.1 if female .
That ’s no mistake .
The numbers for public safety retirees are identical to those of other government workers .
As CalPERS notes , average public safety officials retiree earlier than average miscellaneous members , so they receive their higher level of benefits for a much longer time .
Here is CalPERS again : “ Verdict : Myth # 4 Busted !
Safety members do live as long as miscellaneous members . ”
The next time you hear this “ we die early ” misinformation from a cop , firefighter or other public - safety union member ( most of them probably believe it to be true , given how often they have read this in their union newsletters ) , send them to CalPERS for the truth !
I expected these numbers for the recently retired , given the pension enhancements and earlier retirement ages , but it seemed plausible that police in particular might have had a point about mortality rates in earlier days .
But even that ’s not true .
A 1987 federal report from the National Criminal Justice Reference Center , “ Police Officers Retirement : The Beginning of a Long Life , ” makes the following point :
“ ' The average police officer dies within five years after retirement and reportedly has a life expectancy of twelve years less than that of other people . ’
Still another author states , ‘ police officers do not retire well . ’
This fact is widely known within police departments .
These statements ( which are without supporting evidence ) reflect a commonly held assumption among police officers .
" Yet , a search of the literature does not provide published studies in support .
Two suggested sources , the Los Angeles City Police and Massachusetts State Police , have provided data which also appears to contradict these assumptions .
Reported in this paper are results from a mortality study of retired Illinois State Police ( ISP ) officers .
It suggests that ISP officers have as long , if not longer , life expectancy than the population as a whole .
Similar results also arise when examining retirees from the Ohio Highway Patrol , Arizona Highway Patrol , and Kentucky State Police . ”
The report also casts doubt on the commonly repeated statistic that police have higher rates of suicide and divorce than other people .
The federal report found the divorce rates to be average and suicide rates to be below average .
This is important information because it debunks a key rationale for the retirement expansions , although more recent data need to be examined on divorce / suicide rates .
Police have an oftentimes tough job , but many Americans have oftentimes tough and sometimes dangerous jobs .
This needs to be kept in perspective .
Public officials need to deal in reality rather than in emotionally laden fantasy when considering the public policy ramifications of pensions .
This article was excerpted from Greenhut ’s forthcoming book , “ Plunder !
How Public Employee Unions Are Raiding Treasuries , Controlling Our Lives And Bankrupting The Nation ” to be published by The Forum Press in November .
The strength of the rouble is one of the reasons for the rate cut Russia 's central bank has cut interest rates from 9.5 % to a record low of 9 % in a widely expected move .
It is the ninth time the bank has cut rates since April this year as it bids to stimulate demand .
In an accompanying statement , the central bank said it had room to cut as inflation had been easing back .
The move will take effect on Wednesday .
Russia 's economy is suffering from the worldwide economic slowdown , although latest figures showed growth of 13.9 % .
That strong growth - for the July - September quarter - suggests that the country is beginning to recover from the downturn .
The Russian economy , which is heavily reliant on oil exports , was one of the worst hit by the global crisis .
The rebound in the oil price since the start of this year has helped the economy to recover .
Hot money
But within Russia , bank lending is still sluggish - something the authorities are keen to change .
" Lending activity of Russian banks is still at a low level , and internal demand remains insufficient to ensure [ the ] stable growth of manufacturing , " the central bank said in a statement .
Another reason for the cut is the flow of speculative money into Russia , which is making the rouble stronger than policymakers would like .
The central bank said the new lower rate would " contribute to restraining the appreciation of the rouble " .
Year of recession Some experts are worried that the strength of the currency could unseat the recovery .
Despite the recent growth , the economy remains on course for a sharp contraction over the year as a whole .
Earlier this month , the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ( OECD ) forecast that Russia 's economy for the year would contract by 8.7 % , before starting to recover in 2010 .
Analysts believe there is a chance of another rate cut before the end of the year , although of a more modest size .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Roma - Arresto in flagranza , reclusione fino a 2 anni e una multa fino a 2 mila euro .
Tanto rischierà chi " in ragione della propria affiliazione religiosa " indosserà in pubblico indumenti che rendono " impossibile o difficoltoso il riconoscimento " , se sarà approvata la proposta di legge presentata alla Camera dal gruppo della Lega Nord .
Il testo di fatto chiede di vietare l’uso di burqa e nijab , ma senza menzionarli esplicitamente come invece fa la proposta a firma Souad Sbai già all ’esame della commissione Affari costituzionali .
Vietati burqa e nijab
Un aggiunta di tre righe alla legge del 1975 " in materia di tutela dell ’ ordine pubblico ed identificabilità delle persone " , che vieta espressamente l’uso di " qualsiasi mezzo che non renda visibile l’intero volto , in luogo pubblico o aperto al pubblico , inclusi gli indumenti indossati in ragione della propria affiliazione religiosa " .
Se la proposta presentata oggi alla Camera dalla Lega dovesse diventare legge , chi indossasse in pubblico il burqa o il nijab rischierà l’arresto da uno a due anni .
La legge in vigore vieta l’uso di mezzi atti a rendere difficoltoso il riconoscimento , " senza giustificato motivo " .
Finora , " giustificato motivo" veniva considerata anche l’osservanza di tradizioni religiose .
Proprio per questo la Lega propone l’eliminazione della clausola : " E ' stata usata da diversi prefetti per annullare ordinanze fatte dai nostri sindaci " per vietare l’uso del burqa , spiega Carolina Lussana .
Che a scanso d’equivoci chiarisce : " Tra la tutela della libertà religiosa e la tutela della sicurezza dei cittadini , per noi la priorità è la sicurezza " .
Fallita la via delle ordinanze dei sindaci , dunque , ora la Lega ci prova per via legislativa , e chiede " pari diritti per tutti i cittadini " , sostiene Roberto Cota : " Non siamo razzisti , non abbiamo niente contro i musulmani , ma la legge deve essere uguale per tutti .
La nostra proposta è assolutamente generale , come deve essere una legge " .
Tanto generale che potrebbe essere a rischio il Carnevale ?
No , assicurano i leghisti , c’è " un regio Decreto del 1931 " che chiarisce la questione .
Il Pd : " Norma incostituzionale " " E ' una norma incostituzionale che lede la libertà religiosa e sono del tutto strumentali i richiami all 'ordine pubblico .
La verità è che si vuole colpire gli immigrati islamici nel loro intimo " .
Così la capogruppo del
Pd nella commissione Giustizia della Camera , Donatella Ferranti , commenta la proposta di legge : " Come può una legge parlare di affiliazione religiosa ?
Le suore sarebbero affiliate ?
Ma stiamo scherzando ?
E poi : come si può pensare di modificare una cultura con una norma ? " .
" L’unico effetto dell ’entrata in vigore di questa legge - fa notare la Ferranti - sarebbe quello di segregare in casa le donne islamiche .
È una legge cattiva contro gli immigrati , ma soprattutto è una legge razzista e una legge contro le donne " .
( posted 2009 - 12-14 12:58:47 by icculus )
Aquaria , the indie hit from game makers Bit Blot is now available for Linux as an open beta .
This build features the full game , and is playable until early - February .
Bug reports can be sent to i.o's Bugzilla and the discussion list is here .
So go grab the Linux installer and have fun !
might help '> might help '> might help '>
TAPPER : It has n't escaped our notice that in the last few weeks the White House has decided to declare war on one of our sister organizations saying it's not a news organization and tell the rest of the news media to not treat them like a news organization .
Can you explain why it 's appropriate for the White House to say one of them is not a news organization and the rest of the media should not treat them like one .
GIBBS : We render opinion based on some their coverage and the fairness of that coverage .
TAPPER : That 's a pretty sweeping declaration that they 're not a news organization .
How are they different from , say another , say ABC , MSNBC , Univision ?
GIBBS : You and I should watch sometime around 9 o'clock tonight or five this afternoon .
TAPPER : I 'm not talking about their opinion programs .
Or issues you have with certain reports .
I 'm talking about saying that thousands of individuals who work for a media organization do not work for a news organization .
Why is that appropriate for the White House to say ?
[ And so on and so on . ]
there may be a way to reach them
SIDEBAR : TWO PEOPLE WHO KNOW OUR JAKE'S A SAP
To you or me this has seemed bleedingly obvious since the day Masters Murdoch and Ailes unleashed their satanic creation on an unsuspecting ( dare we say oblivious ? ) viewership .
Of course there are two more people who probably break out in convulsions of hilarity when they hear someone like Jake Tapper refer to their baby , Fox Noise , as a " sister organization " : Rupert Murdoch and Roger Ailes .
They probably look at each other and just lose it .
I imagine the ensuing dialogue going something like this :
RUPERT : Can you believe that twit ?
ROGER : What a sap !
RUPERT and ROGER [ overlapping ] :
We gotta hire him !!!
#
I wish I had a research paper to back this up , or at least a series of pithy links .
( You know how clicking through makes you believe most anything you find at the other end , or would find if you had the energy to do so . )
But all I 've got is some empirical data from friends and colleagues who swear it 's true .
That and my own incredulity , not easily overcome , which nevertheless wonders whether this might not be the equivalent of driving a silver stake through the heart of Fox Noise .
If it were n't so grim , and pathetic , it might be amusing to watch MSM types rushing to the defense of Fox Noise in the face of the Obama administration 's mild but nevertheless pushback against the propaganda purveyors .
No , I do n't mean the likes of Charlie Toyhammer .
If he ever wrote a column that did n't sound like it was dictated from a straitjacket in a ward for the criminally insane , his friends would probably wonder if maybe he had a sniffle .
No , I 'm thinking more along the lines of ABC's Jake Tapper 's ringing defense , as reflected in his questioning of White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs Tuesday : A possibility I 've heard is that people like Tapper , just as Press Secretary Gibbs was suggesting .
And again , when our Jake attends a press conference or other make - believe journalistic function ( press events are not , of course , where you gathernews , if by chance you have any interest in doing such a thing ) , he sees all his cronies , his pals and rivals , and sothose White House bullies disparage them ?
No doubt his whining will have more credibility after we review the record of his challenges to the Bush 's regime 's genuine 24/7 all - out assault on anyone in the media who challenged the nonstop stream of lies and obfuscations it wished to have reported .
OK , here we go , a review of Jake Tapper 's pushback against the Bush regime 's campaign of intimidation against the media .
Well , that did n't take long .
It probably does n't occur to our Jake that even those cronies of his who do an honest plodder 's job of reporting are filtered through the editorial wringer put in place by Fox Noisemaster Roger Ailes , who has never been anythinga right - wing propagandist , and has found the fullest flowering of his professional skills in the Fox Noise enterprise he created with and for his master , Rupert Murdoch . , Jake , is what makes your " sister organization " different from ABC .
Even apart from " their opinion programs , " which he makes sound like a small , separate operation from , presumably , their " news " programs , it 's the choice of stories , the presentation of stories , the careful ideological vetting of what goes into stories and what 's left out .
Again , I at leastABC News is different from Fox Noise .
Maybe our Jake knows something we do n't ?
It may be too much to expect infotainment - news grunts like our Jake to see Fox Noise for what it is , and certainly to expect them to say so publicly .
Still , it 's depressing to see them defending an enterprise that is engaged in a wholly different occupation from theirs .
At least I would like to believe that ABC stillit 's engaged in a wholly different occupation from Fox's .
And much the same is true , I 'm coming to believe , with the mass of politicians , and I mean those who are n't constituents of the conspiracy of confusion served by Fox Noise .
They really do n't seem to know what the Noisemakers do , how relentlessly they pollute the news atmosphere and the minds of their loyal viewers .
In their minds , complaints about it are just " the other side " getting in its propaganda licks .
Thank goodness , the Fox propaganda machine no longer roars in a vacuum .
Splendid progressive organizations have jumped into the breach , and it seems almost unfair to cite only MediaMatters , whose people do such a fine job of keeping tabs on the Noisemakers ( they issued this report yesterday , and right now have a whole corner of their front page devoted to reporting on " Fox News ' War On The White House ) , and News Hounds , which focuses on them , living up to its singularly inspiring mission statement : " We watch FOX so you do n't have to .
" But they do n't penetrate the consciousness of the mass of mainstreamers , who do n't seem to grasp the concept of " facts " much better than the Fox Noisemakers themselves .
Much to my surprise , .
This is n't scientific , mind you .
It 's just anecdotal , from friends and colleagues who report having achieved startling responses this way .
I can't say it even makes a lick of sense to me .
But then , many of the prescribed lethal weapons against monsters and demons are n't exactly logical .
The only test that matters is :
Do they work ?
Now you or I might think that what matters about Fox Noise 's performance is that everything that goes out on it is propaganda -- carefully chosen as well as slanted or outright made up to grind its masters ' ( and lackeys ' ) ultra - extreme fascist ideological axes .
Sometimes they do n't even have to lie , if they simply select which tiny strands of news they select ; the lies form themselves in the act of omission of the surrounding reality .
But lying is hardly a Rubicon they 're afraid to cross .
( And at this point I might add parenthetically that any analogy between Fox Noise and MSNBC is the result either of profound ignorance -- Keith Olbemann and Rachel Maddow are obsessive in their pursuit of theof a story , whereas Sean Hannity and Bill O'Reilly and Glenn Beck live only to project the fictions spun amid the cobwebs of their brains -- or of simple dishonesty .
)
So what is it that I 'm claimingpenetrate the thick noggins of those phlegmatic pols and journos ?
Do n't blame me if you do n't believe it .
I 'm just passing on what I 've heard .
Anyway , what I 'm told stops those folks dead in their tracks is :
As you recall , they did it with Mark Foley , they did it with Larry Craig , they did it with John Ensign , they did it with Mark Sanford , and who knows who else ?
Again , my reaction is that this is so childish as to be barely worthy of notice .
It might simply be written off as carelessness or ineptitude on the part of an organization that does n't grasp the basic concept of " facts " as things that exist independent of whether you approve or not -- well , it might be so written off if not for the pattern .
Still , I can't see this as much more than a juvenile delinquent 's or political dirty trickster 's smirking demonstration of " see what I can get away with , " a mere embellishment on the network 's 24 - hours - a - day , seven - days - a - week body of deception .
However , highly credible people tell me that when certain journalists and pols were informed that Fox Noise had done this , they were thunderstruck .
It shook their world .
It apparently , for them , changed everything .
Or at any rate changed , and that by itself would be a significant if small victory in the propaganda war in which Fox Noise , to the mass audience , stands unopposed .
I would love to see people try this on any journalists or pols they know , or for that matter on any Right - minded civilians -- though ordinary people may not be equipped with whatever sensory apparatus makes this revelation so uncomfortable for journalists and pols .
And please share any experiences you have .
Labels : Fox Noise
As Im sure you 're well aware of , bear attack is an everyday concern for anyone living on the planet .
Its begs the question : what can we do to stop these rampant bear attacks ?
Answer : Bear Attack Suit .
It simply is a must for anyone who goes camping , walks near the woods , lives near the woods , or anyone who has ever decided to leave the comforts of their own home .
As an added bonus , it also defeats thugs attacking you outside your local pool hall , as shown in the video .
However it is impossible to drive , play pool , or drink while wearing the bear attack suit , so its a mute point .
____________________Troy
James Hurtubise ( born November 23 , 1963 - Hamilton , Ontario ) [ 1 ] is an inventor and conservationist from North Bay , Ontario , Canada noted for his often bizarre creations that he tests on himself in spectacular and usually dangerous ways .
Some of these inventions include the Ursus personal armor suit , " firepaste " , an ablative heatproofing material , various " ray " generators , and , recently , Trojan Body Armor .
Hurtubise 's obsession with bears began on August 4 , 1984 , when he was 20 years old and survived a skirmish with a grizzly bear he refers to as " the Old Man " , while hiking near Humidity Creek in central British Columbia .
The encounter had a profound effect on Hurtubise .
Returning to his home province of Ontario , he decided to learn as much about grizzlies as he could .
However , he realized that due to the bear 's fierce nature , it is very difficult to get close enough to study them without physical danger , and he believed that drugging the animal would have its own undesirable consequences .
One day after enrolling in a college program ( November 1987 ) , Hurtubise experienced an epiphany while watching RoboCop in his college dorm , one which led to the Ursus series of protective suits .
He decided to build a research suit that would be strong enough to survive a close encounter without harming the occupant .
Such a robo - bear suit would allow him to search for bears , and answer important questions such as : would pepper spray work in the field ?
What is bear behaviour in the den like ?
What are the signs of agitation , such as jaw popping , the dance on the front feet , slobbering , roaring ?
It is possible to study these signs at a distance , but Hurtubise wanted to see them from the bear 's perspective .
Seven years and $ 150,000 later , Hurtubise had worked his way up to the Mark VI , the suit he believed could protect him from a grizzly .
In order to test it , Hurtubise consulted with professors of physics and asked them how to simulate a bear attack .
The entire experience was recorded as a National Film Board documentary and called Project Grizzly , with many memorable scenes in which Hurtubise tested the capabilities of the suit using himself as the guinea pig .
Hurtubise approached a tall , heavy biker and his colleagues , and paid them to attack him while wearing the suit , with baseball bats , splitting mauls , and wooden two by fours .
The suit survived , as did Hurtubise , while the weapons were reduced to splinters .
Other tests included an impact by a swinging 300 - pound log , a feat that the Ripley 's Believe It or Not !
television program later attempted with a BMW , as well as tossing him down the side of an escarpment .
Ooohh … mystery character !
I designed the native race ( one of the cattle rustlers , the border guards , and now this mystery character ) to look like goat aliens .
It only made sense for a snowy climate to have aliens with fur , horns , and hooves .
The only thing that bugs me a little ( which I realized only in retrospect ) is that the designs are a bit too similar to Grissom from the first story arc .
They ’re not totally the same , but they do share some similarities .
Suffice it to say that the mystery person here is NOT Grissom .
Designing the mystery person ’s clothing was a bit of a challenge .
I only planned to show part of it here but also wanted it to be distinct enough that you ’d recognize it again later .
Originally , it was just a regular leather hide poncho , but that did n’t seem distinct enough visually .
Once I came up with the stitched patchwork of hides and the fine fur collar , that seemed like a more memorable look .
The Jeremy Kyle Show uses Bruce Burgess to do polygraph tests A TV lie detector expert has been given a suspended 24 - week prison sentence after he was caught out lying to police over a speeding ticket .
Bruce Burgess , who does polygraph tests on the Jeremy Kyle Show , was snapped by a speed camera breaking the 30 mph limit in Hampshire on 31 August this year .
Burgess , 65 , of Charles Babbage Close , Chessington , Surrey , lied to police by saying he was not the driver .
Burgess admitted perverting the course of justice at an earlier hearing .
The jail sentence was suspended for 12 months and he was also ordered to carry out 180 hours of community service by Portsmouth Crown Court .
This started off as a speeding offence and has turned out to be a criminal matter
Pc Mick Gear Burgess was fined £ 250 for the speeding offence and given three points on his driving licence which caused him to be disqualified for a year .
The court heard the speeding offence took place in Anglesea Road , Portsmouth .
" This started off as a speeding offence and has turned out to be a criminal matter which has involved a possible prison sentence with the possible loss of livelihood and all the embarrassment that goes with that , " said Pc Mick Gear .
" This could have been dealt with very easily and it is just not worth the risk so my advice is to put your hands up at the first opportunity . "
As well as working on TV shows including The Trisha Show , The Jerry Springer Show and This Morning , Burgess works with private clients .
His website offers polygraph tests , including to prove infidelity , sexual abuse and theft .
The website states that he is a member of both the American Polygraph Association and the Association of British Investigators .
Burgess was also ordered to pay £ 1,250 costs and a £ 15 victim surcharge .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
On October 21st of 1942 , not long after being called to New Guinea to fight the Japanese forces during World War II , a young Australian soldier named John Byrnes decided to write to his 2 - year - old daughter in an effort to explain his situation .
His letter can be seen below .
It ’s beyond beautiful .
( Update : It seems that John Byrnes did n’t make it back . )
Transcript follows .
Images courtesy of Australia Post .
Transcript
Wednesday
Oct 21 , 1942
My Dear Little Girl ,
Last night was a beautiful moonlit night .
Every star that studded the sky was sparkling like a jewel .
The air was crisp , but faintly perfumed , with all the fragrances only a lovely spring night can devise .
Today it is raining hard , the wind is fierce and cold .
Yes !
It is miserable , something you want to pass by quickly , so that the night will again be beautiful .
Life too , Anne , is like the weather .
Some days are so lovely , the happenings of those days so enchanting , you never can forget them .
Some are so unhappy , you wish they never happened but , alas , they must for your life , your Mother ’s , mine , everyone ’s is so mixed up with joy and sadness that you never have one or the other for long .
One replaces the other with a speed that is amazing .
Thus it happened just two years ago .
Your Mother knew and I knew that you were going to be born .
Those days were anxious ones , Anne .
As the days went by your Mother used to smile at me with those lovely brown eyes .
Eyes that shone with courage and resolve .
If she had anxiety in her mind she never showed it but it must have been there .
In my heart and mind torments raged that no one will ever know .
But through all the doubts all the worries and all the long , anxious hours an end came , bringing with it , you .
From that hour , it was early in the morning , the lives of two people were filled with inexplicable happiness .
When I called to see your Mother that day I shall never forget the beauty , the happiness that shone up at me from her precious little face .
Neither will I forget the pride and the joy that surged right through me when the nurse brought you along and I held you in my arms .
Soon we took you home .
The months sped by , and you gradually took a hold in our hearts .
You laughed so much at such silly things we did to claim your attention .
We showed you off to so many people .
Your eyes , so big and questioning never failed to win admiration .
Your curly hair was indeed a special joy .
And as each month sped by you grew .
First you sat up , then stood up , then crawled , then walked .
As each stage passed funny little incidents occurred .
Perhaps no one ever noticed them or remembered them .
But your Mother and I did .
Every night , when I came home from work , there were stories of your conduct through the day to be told .
Some days you were good and others you were naughty .
Like , for instance , the day when a little mischievous spirit seized onto you and strips of wall paper came from the wall , Other thoughts came crowding into my mind , memories of days gone by when we laughed at you , scolded you , and , some serious times when we worried over you .
The first year of your life passed away , quickly perhaps , but you grew so quickly every day was an adventure not only for yourself but for us .
You had a party for your first birthday , and although you sat up like Jacky you probably will never remember it .
But that day you got “ Goog ’ga ” for a present .
Poor “ Goog - ga ” .
As each week passed he got dirtier and more worn .
And the dirtier he got the more you loved him .
Then at Xmas , ” Teddy ” came along .
Dear old Teddy .
So plump and with such a frizzy coat .
In a few months he was still plump but his hair was not so frizzy .
Then , you ’d never go to sleep unless Teddy and “ Goog - ga ” were tucked in with you .
You ’ll never know how angelic , how like a cherub you looked , when after your bath you were popped into bed with your little playmates .
Indeed God is good .
How many times have your Mother and I crept in to see you sleeping .
And how many times have I wiped away tears , gentle little tears of happiness from her eyes when we came out .
All those days were so beautiful , like the night I sat and watched yesterday evening .
But soon came the rain .
Your lovely country , so free and so proud , was fighting for its life .
Those indeed were dark days .
I had to leave Mother and you and become a soldier .
Thousands of other Daddies went too , because we had to fight so that all the Mothers and little boys and girls could live happily .
That was many months ago .
I do not know how long it will be before we will be home again together .
But rain my little darling does not last for ever .
Through the blackest clouds a little piece of blue appears .
The wind blows , and soon the clouds go .
So too will peace come and then we can be all happy again .
Because I ’m a soldier now Anne I cannot attend your birthday this year .
You are going to have a party and I wont be there .
But while that party is on I ’ll be thinking of you and your Mother .
Thinking of the day you came along , and of the days that have gone by since .
You are lovely now , like your Mother .
Some day , when you grow up , some man is going to be lost in your loveliness , like I was when I fell in love with your Mother .
But no matter .
We can not have you forever .
While we do we ’ll teach you all the lovely things of life , and there are so many beautiful things in life .
There are , too , bad things and , these also we will tell you about so that you ’ll know how to pass them by .
Maybe it will be years before you will be able to read this letter but when you can you ’ll know at least how much we love you and how much you mean to us .
I am looking forward to seeing you soon and to seeing those big brown eyes of yours laugh back at me .
Until then my little girl .
Goodbye and God bless you on your birthday .
From your adoring
“ Dad - da ”
WARNING : This article contains graphic images of burgers being smashed , maimed , cut , tortured , and otherwise destroyed .
The material is not suitable for children , pregnant women , or individuals who show an undue degree of compassion for ground beef .
DISCLAIMER : Before I get any comments along the lines of , " ugh — why are all those burgers overcooked ?
I 'm a tough guy and like my meat bloody rare , " I 'd like you to know that this week , I 'm bending to the wills of several readers who requested more coverage of medium - and - beyond burgers .
This one 's for you guys .
With all that fine print out of the way , start by taking a look at the two burgers below , then tell me which one you 'd rather eat .
Both of these burgers were made from the same cut of beef ( chuck eye ) from the same cow ( Bessie ) , cut and trimmed the same way , ground on the same grinder ( KitchenAid ) with the same die at the same temperature ( 3/16 - inch , well chilled ) , formed with the same hands ( mine ) to the same weight and size ( 5 ounces , 4.5 - inches across ) , cooked in the same skillet ( cast iron ) at the same temperature ( ripping hot ) for the same amount of time ( 4 minutes total ) , and sliced open with the same knife ( very sharp ) .
So why does option left look and taste like a tender , juicy , well - textured beauty , and option right , like a solid , rubbery object that would look more at home on an alien autopsy table ?
It all has to do with this :
NaCl — regular old table salt .
Before the explanation , let 's step back a bit .
Methods for Salting Burger Patties
When it comes to seasoning , burger cooks fall into two camps : those that season only the exterior of the patty just before cooking , and those that work the salt and pepper right into the meat .
I 've always been a member of the first camp — it 's just the way I was taught to make burgers , and I 've blindly followed the method since then .
Then I got to thinking : French training emphasizes the importance of seasoning every component of a dish so that every bite is well - seasoned .
So should n't a burger be better if you season the meat before forming the patties ?
Or better yet , even before it 's ground so that the salt is evenly distributed throughout the entire burger instead of concentrated on the exterior ?
Could all those other burger cooks actually be right ?
This week I decided to test the matter scientifically by running three different patties through a gantlet of tests — tests that it truly pained a burgerphile like myself to witness .
Fortunately , the final results settled the issue in my mind once and for all .
We 've already seen the magic that salt can do to meat proteins in our turkey brining story ; now let 's take a look at what it can do to burgers .
The three groups of patties I formed were all made from 100 % ground chuck , which I bought as a single roast and treated the following ways :
Patty 1 : Seasoned only on the exterior just before cooking .
Seasoned only on the exterior just before cooking .
Patty 2 : Seasoned by tossing the ground meat and sauce in a metal bowl before forming the patties .
Seasoned by tossing the ground meat and sauce in a metal bowl before forming the patties .
Patty 3 : Seasoned by salting the cubes of beef before passing them through the grinder and forming patties .
Just to reiterate , each testing group was treated exactly the same with the exception of the point at which they get salted .
The amount of salt was the same : 1 teaspoon kosher salt ( the equivalent of 1/ 2 teaspoon table salt , or 2 % by weight ) per 5 - ounce patty .
Now , on to the testing :
Test 1 : Grind Strand Length
On the left is what batches one and two ( neither of which are salted until some point after being ground ) look like as they exit the die on the grinder .
On the right is batch three , which was ground after being salted .
Already , the difference is quite clear .
While the grind on the left is made up of little pieces of meat no more than a half - inch long or so , the salted grind forms long worms of beef — up to three inches or longer !
Just as salt dissolves some of the meat proteins on the exterior of a hunk of turkey or pork in a brine , salt will dissolve the proteins on a cube of beef .
Once dissolved , the proteins can much more easily cross - link with each other .
Essentially , the meat becomes more " sticky " to itself , allowing it to stick together and form these long strands .
Test 2 : Patty Structure
For the next test , I formed the beef into 5 - ounce , 4.5 - inch wide patties .
At this point , note that prior to forming the patties , batch two had salt added to the bowl of ground beef , which was worked into the meat via gentle tossing .
I tossed batches one and three in their bowls in the exact same manner that I tossed batch two in order to eliminate any variables and ensure that any differences in texture are solely a function of the salt and not of the mechanical action of working the salt into the meat .
For the next test , I formed the beef into 5 - ounce , 4.5 - inch wide patties .
At this point , note that prior to forming the patties , batch two had salt added to the bowl of ground beef , which was worked into the meat via gentle tossing .
I tossed batches one and three in their bowls in the exact same manner that I tossed batch two in order to eliminate any variables and ensure that any differences in texture are solely a function of the salt and not of the mechanical action of working the salt into the meat .
After forming the patties , I gently lifted each one and draped them over a wooden rod 3/8 - inch wide , and 1/2 - inch high .
Again , the difference is clear :
Patty 1 started to split apart , reveling a loose interior with not much internal cohesion .
started to split apart , reveling a loose interior with not much internal cohesion .
Patty two also started to split apart , but just barely — it is much more supple and cohesive .
also started to split apart , but just barely — it is much more supple and cohesive .
Patty three showed no signs of splitting .
The surface of the patty remained completely intact , despite being pressed out by half an inch .
Here 's a pretty close approximation of a burger 's structure : try to imaging the patty as being made up of hundreds of tiny balls of beef .
Each one of these balls of beef is covered in strips of velcro ( exposed proteins ) , most of which are closed up , but some of which are open .
The exposed pieces of velcro help one piece of meat stick to the other , lending the burgers a bit of cohesion .
Salt causes many more of these strips of velcro to open up ( it dissolves proteins ) , creating many more sticky surfaces , and making it much easier for them to stick to each .
The balls stick together more closely and tightly , and the result is a patty with a much more resilient , tight structure .
Up to this point , it was clear to me that deciding when to salt your meat makes a huge difference , but as of yet , I 'm still unsure which way is better .
Do I want more cohesion in my burgers ?
Would the extra support perhaps help fat stay locked into the patty as it cooks , or give it a better mouthfeel as I chew it ?
On to the carnage :
Test 3 : Blunt Impact ( I.E. Smashing to Bits )
Ideally , I would have built a set of robotic teeth to chew these burgers with the exact same force to determine how tough they are , or at the very least , I should have chewed them myself , but I figured for the sake of my sanity and the stomachs of readers , I should find a more photo - friendly method of testing .
To that end , I dropped a 6.5 pound LeCreuset Dutch oven from a height of two feet directly onto each patty after slicing them in half to examine their internal structure .
For the record , this is an awful lot of impact .
It should give a pretty good indication of how the patties are going to break down in your mouth .
N.B. : You are advised to drape your kitchen in protective plastic before attempting to recreate this experiment at home .
Juices will fly .
Patty 1 was completely splattered .
Juice hit walls , aprons , and forearms three feet away .
Tenderness rating : high .
was completely splattered .
Juice hit walls , aprons , and forearms three feet away .
Tenderness rating : high .
Patty 2 was mildly misshapen .
It could still be picked up in a single intact piece .
Tenderness rating : moderate .
was mildly misshapen .
It could still be picked up in a single intact piece .
Tenderness rating : moderate .
Patty 3 showed no visible deformation .
A small amount of splattered juices , but it was almost as if the pot bounced right back off of it .
Tenderness rating : low .
Conclusion
So what 's the moral of the story ?
Unless you like your burgers with the resilient bouncy texture of a sausage , refrain from getting the meat anywhere near the salt until just before you cook it .
In a way , this totally makes sense .
Sausage meat is seasoned well before grinding in order to perform this very function : breaking down the meat proteins to form a tighter , more cohesive structure .
A burger 's joy lies on the other end of the spectrum .
A loose , coarse , open structure is a desirable characteristic , allowing the meat to break down into small pieces in your mouth , while providing plenty of hiding spots for hot juices to collect inside the patty , ready to gush and dribble out the moment you bite into it .
Still want more evidence ?
Take a final look at the same two burgers from the beginning of the story , this time head - on .
Not salted until just before cooking = loose , tender meat .
Salted before forming the patties = resilient , sausage - like texture .
Great for charcuterie , but sorry monsieurs , it just wo n't fly here in America .
I claim a conclusive victory for the " salt just before cooking " camp , and as a reward for making it through all those photos of wasted burgers , I leave you with the following porn :
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
Last month , Google unveiled Chrome OS , a lightweight browser - based operating system for netbooks .
But the company did n't offer any details on what kind of device could run the OS .
Now specs for a netbook with Chrome OS have leaked and it looks pretty .
The Google netbook will reportedly have a 10.1 - inch high definition multi- touch display , a 64 GB solid state drive , 2 GB RAM and connectivity features such as Wi-Fi , 3G , Bluetooth and Ethernet port , says British publication IBTimes .
The netbook is also likely to have an Nvidia 's Tegra system - on - a- chip that can boost audio and video capabilities of the device significantly and be powered by an ARM CPU .
It 's not clear whether these are just minimum requirements for a Chrome OS netbook or if all Chrome OS netbooks will adhere exactly to it .
Google announced the creation of Chrome OS at an event on the company 's Mountain View , California - campus in November .
The Linux - based Chrome OS promises blazing fast boot times , at around seven seconds .
Chrome OS will only be available on specific hardware from companies Google has partnered with .
Last month , Google said it is talking to hardware manufacturers to create the netbook in line with its specifications and design .
The company has also said it plans to have Chrome OS ready for the holiday season of 2010 .
Netbooks running the OS could be available for less than $ 300 , say reports , thanks to either subsidies from Google or from telecom carriers such as AT&T that are likely to offer it with a two - year data contract .
See Also :
Photo illustration : Charlie Sorrel / Wired.com ; Original photo : Jon Snyder / Wired.com
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Mercedes - Benz is to announce its plans for the future of Formula 1 in a press conference today , with the German car maker set to confirm its increased involvement at Brawn .
The manufacturer will hold a press conference with Dr , Dieter Zetsche , head of Mercedes - Benz Cars , as well as motorsport chief Norbert Haug .
It is believed Mercedes will announce it is buying into the Brawn GP team , confirming reports that first appeared in September this year .
The Brackley - based squad has used Mercedes engines this season to win both the drivers ' and the constructors ' championships .
Mercedes is also set to reveal plans about its shareholding at the McLaren team , of which the parent company Daimler owns a 40 per cent stake .
The German car maker is expected to confirm it will remain as engine supplier for McLaren for the long term .
Ijust received an email ( from this guy ‘s PR outfit ) with the subject line :
President Obama ’s Attacks on Free Speech Opposed by Most Americans , Zogby / O’Leary Poll Finds
Tell me more !
Here ’s one of the “ questions ” asked in the poll , tailor - made for Fox News Channel :
Federal Communications Commission Chief Diversity Czar Mark Lloyd wants the FCC to force good white people in positions of power in the broadcast industry to step down to make room for more African - Americans and gays to fill those positions .
Do you agree or disagree that this presents a threat to free speech ?
It ’s worth noting that this question only elicited 51 percent support .
Are there any other non-existent administration policies that polling outfits should be asking peopleabout ?
BERN — US clients of UBS with more than 250,000 Swiss francs ( 165,641 euros , 248,040 dollars ) in assets could have their details turned over to US tax authorities if there is proof of fraud , Swiss authorities said on Tuesday .
For those who have simply not disclosed their accounts , their records would only be provided to US tax authorities if the account held more than one million francs at any time between 2001 and 2008 , the Swiss Federal Office of Justice said here .
ADVERTISEMENT
In addition , Switzerland may also provide details on undeclared accounts that generated more than 100,000 francs every year over a period of three years , it added , publishing details of a deal between Washington and Bern .
UBS , and the US and Swiss governments , in August signed agreements ending months of diplomatically sensitive negotiations over a massive US probe of taxpayers with secret accounts at the world ’s largest wealth manager .
Under the out - of - court settlement for a lawsuit , UBS agreed to disclose up to 4,450 names of American clients to US tax authorities .
Current legislation requires UBS to pass these details to the Swiss government , which in turn would decide if they should be transmitted to the United States .
A special team set up by the Swiss authorities received the first 500 clients dossiers from UBS by the end of October .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Final decisions are being issued on an ongoing basis , meaning that the first can be sent out as early as today , ” the justice office added .
UPDATED :
FORT COLLINS , Colo . ( AP ) —
The Colorado parents accused of pulling a spectacular hoax by reporting their son was aboard a runaway balloon have pleaded guilty to charges that could bring some jail time and probation .
Richard Heene pleaded guilty to knowingly and falsely influencing Larimer County Sheriff Jim Alderden , a felony .
Mayumi
Heene pleaded guilty to knowingly filing a false report with emergency services , a misdemeanor .
Richard Heene told judge Stephen Schapanski he understood that he could have to pay restitution for the costs incurred by public agencies because of his actions .
Local and federal authorities spent at least $ 62,000 pursuing the balloon and searching for 6 - year - old Falcon after it landed .
Schapanski told Mayumi
Heene that her plea does n’t automatically prevent any action by federal authorities regarding her immigration status ; she is a Japanese citizen .
Her attorney , Lee Christian , acknowledged that was the case but said avoiding a trial could reduce the consequences .
Chief deputy district attorney Andrew Lewis told the judge that prosecutors always intended to charge Mayumi Heene with a misdemeanor based on her cooperation with authorities and what he called her lower level of culpability in the incident .
He insisted prosecutors never used the threat of deportation in her case — contrary to what Richard Heene ’s attorney David Lane has said .
Christian said the possibility of going to trial and risking a felony conviction was one of “ many reasons ” Mayumi Heene wanted to plead guilty .
Prosecutors would like the Heenes to serve some time in jail , but the final decision will be made by Schapanski at a Dec. 23 sentencing hearing .
In the meantime , Lane said Richard Heene intends to seek employment with trips to New York and California and Mayumi Heene plans to accompany him .
The judge adjusted their bond to allow them to do so , as long as they report to probation services within seven days .
Lane told the judge that Richard Heene has an “ employment opportunity ” in New York .
Lane declined to elaborate as he left the courtroom , and Heene waved off questions .
Business associates of Richard Heene said before the balloon incident Richard Heene was trying to pitch a TV series based on science .
The Heenes are amateur storm chasers and had twice appeared on the ABC reality show “ Wife Swap . ”
Mayumi
Heene allegedly told investigators the balloon launch was a hoax aimed at promoting a possible reality television show .
Neither she nor her husband discussed their intent during the court hearing and neither apologized .
After the hearing , when asked whether he had anything to say to the people who helped look for his son , Richard Heene did n’t respond .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
One year ago today , Israel launched “ Operation Cast Lead ” , a murderous full - scale military assault on the small , densely populated , and defenseless Gaza Strip .
The operation resulted in the massacre of over 1,300 Palestinians , the vast majority civilians , including hundreds of children .
This includes only those killed directly by military attacks .
The actual casualty figure from Israel ’s policies towards Gaza , including the number of deaths attributable to its ongoing siege of the territory , is unknown .
The official pretext for the operation given by Israel and parroted unquestioningly in the Western media is that Israel had to respond with force as an act of self - defense against an onslaught of rocket attacks against southern Israel from Hamas and other militant groups in Gaza .
Even if this were true , nations acting in self - defense against armed attacks must respect international law designed to protect civilians in time of war .
Israel flagrantly violated the Geneva Conventions and other relevant treaties governing the use of force during the course of its operation , committing numerous war crimes .
But the stated pretext itself does not stand up to scrutiny .
Six months prior to the assault on Gaza , Israel and Hamas had agreed to a cease - fire .
Under the terms of the truce agreement , Hamas would end its rocket attacks against Israel and Israel would similarly cease attacks against Palestinians in Gaza and lift its siege on the territory .
Hamas , for its part , lived up to its obligations under the truce .
It fired no rockets into Israel and actively pressured other groups to similarly refrain from launching attacks .
Israel , on the other hand , never lived up to its obligations under the truce .
From the beginning , Israel declared a “ security zone ” on Gaza ’s side of the border and Israeli soldiers repeatedly violated the truce by firing at Palestinians , guilty of merely trying to access their own land .
Israel also never eased its siege of Gaza .
Israel controlled ( and continues to control ) the borders of Gaza , its airspace , and its coast , and has implemented a near total blockade , including preventing by force the delivery of humanitarian goods into the territory .
Rather than easing the siege , Israel continued to let in only minimal amounts of humanitarian supplies ( a practice that also continues today ) , just enough to prevent a total humanitarian catastrophe , thus keeping the population of Gaza in a state of despair and on the verge of human limits , with untold consequences on the health and mental well - being of the Palestinians .
The complete breakdown of the truce agreement came on November 4 , when Israel launched airstrikes and a ground incursion into Gaza , killing four Palestinians .
This violation of the cease - fire resulted in its effective undoing .
Israel ’s official reason for the attack was its claim that militants were digging a tunnel under the border .
The more credible explanation , however , was that Israel wanted to provoke Hamas into launching rockets and thus to claim a pretext for the full - scale military assault that Israel had , at that time , by its own account , already been planning .
Indeed , from the beginning of the truce , it appeared Israel ’s intent was to provoke a violent response in order claim a pretext for its military assault .
While Hamas scrupulously observed the cease - fire , Israel took deliberate actions to undermine it .
Besides those already noted , Israel also stepped up operations against Palestinians in the West Bank , such as the assassination of members of Islamic Jihad shortly after the announcement of the truce .
Islamic Jihad militants in Gaza responded to that incident by firing rockets into Israel , but Hamas criticized the attacks and pressured Islamic Jihad to cease , including with the threat of arrests , and the tenuous truce continued to hold , for a time .
A greater and more provocative action was necessary in order to completely undermine the truce , and Israel ’s November 4 attack proved to be that action .
From that day forward , the so - called “ cease - fire ” consisted of tit - for - tat attacks on a daily basis , with Israel launching repeated attacks on Gaza and Hamas and other militant groups launching rockets into Israel .
Israel had achieved the pretext it was looking for in order to gain the political cover necessary to wage its assault on the civilian population of Gaza .
And make no mistake ; Operation Cast Lead was a war on a civilian population , an extremely murderous act of collective punishment .
The death toll itself stands as an undeniable testament to that , but the manner in which Israel waged its operation also leaves no doubt as to its true objective .
As already noted , Israel claims its operation was designed to end rocket attacks .
In truth , it was Israel that deliberately violated and undermined the truce .
Israel also claims its operation was aimed at militants .
As evidence of its respect for international law and extraordinary efforts to prevent the loss of innocent life , Israel notes the fact that it dropped thousands of leaflets on Gaza prior to its operations warning civilians to flee the oncoming assault .
But the fact is this is not evidence of Israel ’s respect for innocent life , but rather strong evidence that its killing of civilians was deliberate and intended .
For starters , civilians , told to flee , had nowhere to go .
No place in Gaza was safe from Israel ’s attacks .
Furthermore , in some cases civilians were told to go to city centers , and , after many had done so , those same locations were then purposefully bombed by Israel .
Israel ’s claimed respect for innocent life is also belied by its means of indiscriminate warfare .
Israel heavily bombarded civilian population centers .
It deliberately and systematically targeted civilian locations with protected status under international law , including schools and hospitals .
Israel also used indiscriminate weaponry , including white phosphorus munitions .
The use of white phosphorus is permitted under international law for illuminating the battlefield or creating smokescreens .
However , its use as an incendiary weapon ( it is also a chemical weapon , in that its incendiary effect is the result of a chemical reaction ) is a violation of international law and a war crime , particularly when used indiscriminately against populated areas and civilian locations such as schools , as it was in Gaza .
Moreover , Israel demonstrated extreme contempt for and defiance to the United Nations and the international community by deliberately targeting U.N. sites within Gaza .
It targeted U.N. clinics , schools , and other compounds .
Israel attacked humanitarian convoys attempting to deliver much needed supplies to the desperate people of Gaza , and in other cases prevented medical teams , including from the International Committee of the Red Cross ( ICRC ) , from reaching victims of its assault , also a war crime .
Israel also deliberately targeted a U.N. warehouse where humanitarian supplies were being stored , attacking the site with white phosphorus munitions , resulting in the warehouse and goods inside catching fire and nearly burning to the ground .
All of these actions by Israel , all well documented and incontrovertible , constitute grave war crimes under the Geneva Conventions and other relevant treaties of international law .
The U.S. Role
Israel ’s contempt for innocent life , for the international community , and for international law is perhaps matched only by the U.S. willingness to support Israel ’s crimes against the Palestinian people .
Simply stated , without U.S. support , none of this could go on .
The U.S. supports Israel financially .
Aid to Israel is on the order of $ 3 billion a year .
This money is given , unlike aid to other countries , with no strings attached , and with little to no oversight about how it is to be used .
Even if it is not used directly to finance Israeli policies and activities in violation of international law , such as its ongoing occupation of the Palestinian territories , construction of settlements in the West Bank , construction of its “ separation barrier ” within the West Bank , destruction of Palestinian homes and other property , killing of Palestinian civilians , etc. , U.S. financial support allows Israel to free up other funding for these illegal activities .
It effectively rewards Israel for criminal actions .
The U.S. supports Israel militarily .
And military equipment provided by the U.S. is used by Israel for actions constituting war crimes under international law .
The massacre in Gaza was carried out with the help of U.S. - provided Apache helicopter gunships , U.S. - provided F - 16 fighter bombers , and U.S. - provided munitions , including white phosphorus and cluster munitions .
This military support to Israel is not only a violation of international law and relevant U.N. Security Council resolutions calling on member states not to provide material support for Israeli crimes , but it is also a violation of U.S. law .
Besides international treaties such as the U.N. Charter and the Geneva Conventions constituting “ the supreme Law of the Land ” under the U.S. Constitution , U.S. law forbids the exporting of military equipment to countries that routinely violate international law and commit offenses against human rights .
Yet U.S. military support for Israel continues unabated .
The U.S. supports Israel diplomatically .
The principle means by which the U.S. does so is through the use of its veto power in the U.N. Security Council .
While Israel was using U.S. military hardware to murder innocent Palestinians , the U.S. was actively trying to stall a cease - fire resolution to give Israel more time to carry out its assault .
A watered - down version of the resolution was finally found acceptable to the U.S. , which reportedly was ready to vote in favor , but after receiving a call from Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert , U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice , while not going so far as to cast a veto , instead abstained rather than cast a vote for a resolution rightfully critical of Israel .
The Role of the U.S. Media
The U.S. mainstream corporate media also play a significant role in the Israeli - Arab conflict , and reporting on Operation Cast Lead provides a useful case study into the nature of its role .
To describe U.S. media accounts of Israel ’s ongoing atrocities in Gaza as “ biased ” would be a sore understatement .
Take the reporting of the New York Times , America ’s “ newspaper of record ” reporting “ all the news that ’s fit to print ” .
Arguably the most widely read and important newspaper in the world , what the Times reports is regularly picked up by other major media , with the newspaper effectively serving as a trend - setter for the news Americans consume .
Its impact on the perceptions Americans have of conflicts such as Israel ’s war on the civilian population of Gaza is enormous .
The New York Times ’ reporting on Israel ’s assault was reminiscent of its reporting on Iraq with respect to that nation ’s alleged possession of weapons of mass destruction and ties to terrorist organizations , including Al Qaeda , prior to the initiation of the U.S. war of aggression against that country based on such lies and deceptions as then reported matter - of - factly by the Times .
Propaganda devices employed by the Times in this case , as in the case of Iraq , included the use of euphemisms and the selective reporting of facts .
For instance , although the Times did report initially on Israel ’s November 4 violation of the truce , it exercised selective amnesia in its subsequent reporting and described only the “ breakdown ” of the cease - fire and thus failed to inform readers of the single identifiable causal factor for that “ breakdown ” .
Moreover , the Times accepted without scrutiny and parroted the official line from Israeli officials that its operation was launched in response to rocket attacks by Hamas in violation of the truce , thus implicitly and falsely attributing the failure of the cease - fire to its violation by Hamas .
The Times repeatedly and consistently downplayed the true nature of Israel ’s assault on Gaza .
In one notable example , the Times ’ Jerusalem bureau chief Ethan Bronner wrote in an article that Palestinians had “ claimed ” that Israel was using white phosphorus munitions , employing this propaganda device to intentionally cast doubt in the mind of the reader as to the veracity of the so - called “ claim ” .
The truth is that Bronner knew perfectly well this was not a “ claim ” , but a known fact .
He could just as well have written at that time that human rights organizations had criticized Israel for its known use of white phosphorus , rather than attributing it as merely a Palestinian “ claim ” .
By this time , although reporters were banned from entering Gaza , there was no question that Israel was doing so , including proof in photographs showing the unmistakable smoke trails and incendiary projectiles of white phosphorus being used over residential neighborhoods .
Remarkably , the same day Bronner ’s article appeared , another article also appeared , written by his Palestinian colleague Taghreed El - Khodary , the Times ’ only correspondent actually reporting from inside of Gaza , who reported on finding white phosphorus casings with markings showing that they were U.S. - made .
In El - Khodary ’s reports from Gaza , one could find a more reliable account of what was actually happening on the ground , but even her articles were heavily edited and / or rewritten by the Times ’ editorial staff , and it was the dishonest and propagandistic reporting of Bronner and his Jerusalem - based British - Israeli colleague Isabel Kershner that generally typified the nature of the Times ’ reporting on the massacre .
Countless other examples abound , but it ’s beyond the scope of this article and would be superfluous to continue to list them .
The Role of the American People
In short , Americans reading about the violence in U.S. newspapers or watching it on TV received a heavily distorted account of what was going down .
But this is no excuse for ignorance .
The facts are known and available to every American with access to the internet .
One may turn to the healthy alternative media in the U.S.
One may turn to international media sources , including Israeli sources like the Jerusalem Post , Haaretz , or Ynet ( Yedioth Ahronoth online ) .
One may turn to human rights organizations such as Amnesty International , Human Rights Watch , Physicians for Human Rights , or the Israeli group B’tselem .
One may also turn to the report of the U.N. Human Rights Council inquiry into the violence , headed up by the respected international jurist Richard Goldstone , who himself happens to be Jewish ( a fact worthy of mention due to Israeli and U.S. charges that the report is biased ; in another example of U.S. diplomatic support for Israeli crimes , the U.S. has actively sought to block implementation of its recommendations or any Security Council follow - up actions ) .
Goldstone himself has concluded that Israel ’s actions were targeted at the civilian population of Gaza as an act of collective punishment , and his conclusion is well supported by his final report and the evidence it presents .
The facts are beyond dispute .
The conclusions are obvious and incontrovertible .
It is well past time that the American people wake up to the realities on the ground in the Palestinian territories .
Many Americans already demonstrate the modicum of moral integrity required to speak out against their government ’s support for Israeli crimes , but it is not enough .
Without massive public opposition to the U.S. policy of supporting Israeli crimes against the Palestinian people , the crimes will continue .
Israel will continue to act with impunity and continue to violate international law under U.S. cover .
The fact of the matter is that the American people have more power in their hands than any other body to bring about an end to the violence and to create the conditions for a just and sustainable peace in the Middle East .
Americans themselves may not realize this truth , but the international community well recognizes it .
And the world is watching , and waiting .
Will the American people continue to turn their heads away and wash their collective hands of the affair , deceiving themselves into believing they have no responsibility for what goes on “ over there ” and that they have no influence to change things , anyway ?
Or will the American people cast away ignorance and apathy and demonstrate intellectual honesty , moral integrity , compassion , and strength of will by standing up and acting to pressure their government to change its policies ?
The answer to these questions remains to be seen .
Only time will tell .
In the meantime , the Palestinian people continue pay the price for the willingness of Americans to allow their government to pursue criminal policies contrary to their own interests and antithetical to the very principles of justice and humanity every American would like to think their country stands for .
Kate Holmquist : Give Me A Break
IT ’S THOSE horrors again .
Worries about the mortgage and school fees balloon into bigger fears such as “ what am I going to die of ? ” and “ what if I have it already ? ” and “ what will happen to the kids ? ” .
I remember that today is my mother ’s birthday and I ’m the same age as she was when she died and maybe that ’s why I ’m having one of those anxiety - about - death moments .
At least it ’s not the yellow fridge dream .
The kids still laugh about the time I woke up in the middle of the night convinced that we ’d been taken over by a malevolent yellow refrigerator .
( Dream experts say that you should always write down your dreams .
I do n’t think mine are worth it , somehow . )
So I ’m lying here awake , trying to distract myself from the obvious worries about money , death and despair and thinking , Holy Moses , that Coalition deal .
What if we were actually taken over by the Greens ?
Now there ’s a nightmare .
I have all the time in the world for Arctic foxes .
I understand what banning Arctic fox farming represents – making Ireland a more caring , environmentally friendly society and all that .
It appeals to the young people , especially , reared on David Attenborough documentaries .
Although my environmentally aware eldest did tell me today she could n’t bear to read one more article about global warming because it was just too stressful and confusing .
When I was a kid , our “ global warming ” was the impending nuclear holocaust , namely , those evil Russians .
In kindergarten , there would be air raid sirens and we ’d all have to go down to the basement and kneel with our heads under our hands in crash position .
There were piles of cardboard boxes everywhere .
The teacher told us they were emergency rations , crackers mainly .
A five - year - old ’s imagination can run riot given the prospect of living in a basement in the dark with the meanest teacher ever born and surviving on crackers .
About a thousand Hollywood apocalypse films later , here I am , a grown woman lying awake thinking that once the mortgage and essential bills are paid , all we ’ll have to live on is the husband ’s dole money , so it will definitely be crackers for tea by the end of the week .
I ’m not one of those celebrity journalists paid a fortune like they are in RTÉ .
It would take ten of me to pay one Pat Kenny .
Six of me would pay Marian Finucane .
More importantly , it would pay 10 young Pats and 10 young Marians who could fill the radio with interesting talk all day instead of the same old guff .
It was an odd moment , on Sunday morning on her radio programme , when her first speaker was Eamon Ryan , invited to speak about “ the elephant in the room ” .
Ryan launched in to a sensibly scathing criticism of RTÉ presenters ’ salaries , saying pretty much what I ’ve just said , which was that in today ’s economic climate it did n’t make sense to have a few people paid the equivalent of about a hundred people .
“ Right , ” she said in that smoky voice and then it was on to the next item .
No debate whatsoever .
It was so awkward .
What was her rationale ?
To take the criticism on the chin but not have to answer back ?
Sorry , Marian , you grey fox you , fair play and all that , but this is the sort of thing I lie awake thinking about .
Eamon Ryan is the best of the Greens and it ’s his ilk I ’d like to see running the country but I do n’t know how many people of his calibre the Greens have .
The way those modest Greens run themselves by consensus , with everyone having a vote , is truly democratic , but would n’t it be awfully boring having them in charge ?
They ’re so serious , and there would n’t be any scandal ( unless you call John Gormley climbing into a diplomatic limousine a scandal – did you see Hillary Clinton ’s armoured car on Sunday ? ) .
A Government intent on transforming the country , rather than scoring points off each other , would be bad news for journalists , especially radio and TV journalists , who thrive on conflict .
Consensus is so dull .
Having the Greens running the place would be like living in Sweden , with public transportation running on time , and proper childcare and affordable housing and people caring more about the collective quality of life than their individual salaries .
Where ’s the fun in that ?
Young people think differently though , and the current baby boom shows what a young place Ireland will continue to be .
The young are idealistic .
They do n’t have time for posturing masquerading as high - brow political debate with leaders like Bertie Ahern who still can’t string together a comprehensible sentence after 31 years in politics .
The best way to involve the young , is to save Artic foxes , reverse Fianna Fáil ’s education cuts and preserve “ free ” university education .
The rest will follow once they get involved .
How clever those Greens are .
And I should n’t lie awake worrying about my children , because it ’s their world now , not mine .
I ’m boring myself now .
Back to sleep .
kholmquist@irishtimes.com
AUSTRALIANS are the biggest exploiters of Thailand 's child sex industry , according to a study by Johns Hopkins University .
Australians make up the largest portion of foreign sex offenders against children in Thailand , according to the research that studied patterns of arrests and prosecutions between 1995 and 2006 .
Our cash fuels the US$ 31.6 billion industry in child sex trafficking , which sees 1.8 million children as young as eight years old being sold for sex - sometimes up to ten times a day - until they 're considered " worthless " before they reach their 30th birthday .
It is an industry a global network of advocate groups concludes is a " massive human rights violation that is currently going largely unnoticed around the world " .
Bernadette McMenamin , CEO of Child Wise Australia , says child sex trafficking remains a hidden problem that most Australians have become complacent about - even though a main root of the global crime is the Australian offender .
" People tell us , ' It happens overseas .
Is n't that an issue we talked about years ago ? '
But what we 've found is that ... the supply and demand factors fuelling child sex slavery have actually grown , " she said .
" The number of children entering the trade has grown .
Efforts to combat this problem have not succeeded despite pouring money into overseas governments . "
A new global campaign called " Stop Sex Trafficking of Children and Young People , " will be launched today to help reverse the trend and bring the issue back into the homes of the average Australian .
Being run across 45 countries , the campaign aims to raise awareness , conduct a survey on people 's attitudes and lobby national governments to intervene on behalf of exploited children .
In February , Child Wise will step up the campaign by backing stalled amendments to child sex tourism laws in the federal parliament .
Rather than seeing authorities wait for child sex to occur before acting , the amendments seek out preparatory offences , aiming to stop sex offenders from travelling overseas , buying flights and possessing child pornography .
" We 've waited long enough , " Ms McMenamin says of the proposed changes .
" We 're simply not keeping up with travelling sex offenders . "
Only small changes are required to save Asian girls from being sold into a life of slavery , she says .
The Body Shop has already joined the Child Wise campaign by selling a hand cream that directs profits to Cambodian outreach programs .
Such programs can provide support for girls and keep them in school with books , pens and bicycles .
It may not seem like a lot but the average child sex slave is sold for only a few hundred dollars by a family or boyfriend in poverty desperate for cash , she says .
In Cambodia children are brought in from Vietnam or taken from village to village , then off to Thailand .
All these victims suffer lifelong mental and physical damage .
Some contract HIV / AIDS while most find it hard to reintegrate into society after a decade of such slavery .
Ms McMenamin says most Australians view the price of petrol as a greater concern than the welfare of foreign children .
" We have increased awareness and there have been some arrests but overall we 're not putting a dent in the problem , " she says .
By Matthew Price
BBC News , Ciudad Juarez
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The children of El Paso's Glen Cove Elementary School have not been told that a gunman shot their classmate dead .
Nor have they been told that someone across the Rio Grande in Mexico thought nothing of killing the seven - year - old .
Or that the gunman left Jociel Ramierez alone to die , as the blood seeped out of his body on a busy roundabout .
Seven - year - old Jociel Ramierez was a young victim of Juarez 's drug war If proof were needed that Mexico 's most dangerous city , Juarez , is in danger of one day descending into anarchy - this is surely it .
Jociel Ramierez was born of Mexican parents in the US .
He may not be the first US citizen to be killed in what have been called Mexico 's drug wars , but he probably is the youngest .
His death is also a vivid illustration of how low Juarez has fallen , and how little the Mexican authorities seem able do about it .
Murder rate rising
When Felipe Calderon became president almost three years ago , he declared war on the drug cartels that he blamed for the breakdown of law and order across the country .
Juarez has been flooded with extra troops , but its violence is unabated
He took the fight to them , and over time sent out more troops , more federal police , to defend his citizens and his country .
The Mexican government believes that given time it will win the fight .
In Juarez though - which received thousands of extra troops earlier this year , and yet which has seen the murder rate slowly rise since then - some are beginning to question that certainty .
People like Jociel Ramierez 's aunt , who prefers not to be named for fear of retribution , and who has a different solution to the problem : " We have to end corruption , maybe that 's the way to finish it . "
That is not a minority view here .
Increasingly some believe it is not the drugs trade that is at the heart of the crisis .
Instead it is political corruption and poverty , and until they are tackled , there will be no end .
Luiz Nevarez says he could earn 30 times more in the drugs trade than in teaching " The drug problem is just a consequence of the decay of rule of law in this country , " says one businessman with joint Mexican - American citizenship .
He too prefers to remain anonymous .
Sticking your head above the parapet in this city is not something people do readily .
Kidnapping and extortion , along with the murders , occur often .
" Nothing functions well , therefore anyone can take advantage of the system .
So what we 're seeing now is a [ illegal ] drug industry that 's taking advantage of the system - of the way things work .
" And to get rid of it like the federal government is trying to do now is going to cause a lot of problems .
So this violence is a consequence of all this . "
One man who has studied Juarez at first hand for longer than most is journalist and author Julian Cardona , who grew up in the city .
He says the decline of Juarez has been a long time coming .
" We have an unsustainable economy - a globalised economy - which pays very low wages .
That allowed an alternative economy to be created which also globalised - drugs .
Both economies are playing here .
Juarez is a very important place for both . "
Poverty fuelling drug trade Masked men stand on the roof of the central prison in Juarez .
Their rifles are at the ready .
Poverty is blamed for driving many into the arms of drug cartels Down below in an open - air courtyard the prison band plays enthusiastically .
Drums and trumpets .
This is home - for six years at least - for Luiz Nevarez .
A small man who tries to smile a lot , who used to be a teacher before he turned to petty drugs smuggling .
He tells me that the Mexican economy functions for an elite group - not for the average person .
A teacher , for instance , gets 3,000 pesos every week ( $ 230 ) - transporting drugs around the country can get you up to 30 times more than that he tells me .
Poverty is driving many into the arms of the very cartels the government wants to wipe out .
The government insists it is working to protect the people .
The president says his tactic of meeting force with force will work in the end .
He is trying to reform the judiciary , the police , and to tackle corruption .
Many , though , like the businessman who prefers to remain anonymous , believe it will take something more .
" What we need to change is our political model .
We need to establish a rule of law that functions , that gives rights to every citizen , so that they are not taken advantage of . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In the great snowfall before the bomb colored yule tree lights windows , the only glow for contemplation along this road I worked the print shop right down among em the folk from whom all poetry flows and dreadfully much else .
I was Blondie I carried my bundles of hog feeder price lists down by Larry the Lug , I 'd never get anywhere because I 'd never had suction , pull , you know , favor , drag , well - oiled protection .
I heard their rehashed radio barbs — more barbarous among hirelings as higher - ups grow more corrupt .
But what vitality !
The women hold jobs — clean house , cook , raise children , bowl and go to church .
What would they say if they knew I sit for two months on six lines of poetry ?
Entering the 2009 season the Canadiens franchise had plenty of unanswered questions .
The goaltending question is an eternal one in Montreal and with both Price and Halak entering RFA years , 2009 should offer no reprieve .
Late 2009 has mimicked early 2009 as inconsistency has plagued Carey Price .
Jaroslav Halak although solid on nights , has also not taken the opportunity presented to him by Jacques Martin and cemented the number one job .
With neither goalie grabbing the hammer , the majority of fans have aligned themselves on one side or the other .
I refer to them as Team Price and Team Halak .
Both teams seemingly rise and fall with each performance .
Both teams rally to attack one side should they falter and boast and offer , " I told you so 's " when they excel .
The 2009 campaign got off to a rousing start for Team Price as he opened the season 2 - 0 and was outstanding leading the Canadiens to a 2 - 0 start despite being out shot 81 - 44 and having 148 shots directed at him in 128 minutes .
When Halak faltered in Calgary , the attacks on Halak and the management team for not starting Price were loud .
Then Price was bombed in Vancouver and after Price lost 3 straight the controversy was back and Halak was awarded another start .
Team Halak struck back .
Halak offered up two strong starts in a row and Team Halak was now mounting their high horse .
After 14 goals in 229 minutes the lines had once again become blurred .
So what has changed ?
Not much .
Both goaltenders continue to fail to elevate themselves from an approaching platoon .
Price and Halak have almost identical save percentages , while Halak holds the edge in goals against average .
Halak also has a superior record at 5 - 2 , but it has been accrued against inferior opposition as his opponents winning percentage is .545 ( 25 - 20-10 ) while Price 's 2 - 5 record was accrued against a .650 opponents winning percentage ( 25 - 13 - 3 ) .
Note : records reflect the team record when the goaltender faced them .
I did not reference the Islanders as 5 - 4 - 5 , but as 1 - 3 - 3 ( their record when Halak faced them on Oct 22 and 1 - 4 - 4 , their record on Oct 26 ) .
It would be disingenuous should Atlanta slow down to reference an under .500 record in April when they were hot and 4 - 1 - 0 entering Montreal on Oct 20 . )
I used the Roy / Hayward duel as an analogy before the season , but I do not remember really caring who played in 1988 , just that I hoped the Canadiens would win .
This recent controversy has taken on a life of it's own .
I get the feeling that some fans have begun to put their personal vindication of their opinions above the success of the team .
It is why I refer to the divide amongst Canadiens fans as different teams .
It is utterly exasperating because to this point it is the equivalent to arguing who is crazier , Amy Winehouse or Courtney Love ?
They are both batshit crazy .
I have gone over EVERY goal in October and 80 % of them were unstoppable , they have both let in some suspect goals , but none more so than the other .
Neither has significantly outplayed the other .
One seems to be the Tortoise , one seems to be the Hare .
Price at his peak has been dominant ( Maple Leafs , Sabres , Blackhawks ) , but he has a tendency to nap and crash back to reality ( Canucks ) , while Halak goes out , saves the pucks he should ( Thrashers , Islanders ) , does n't stop the ones he should n't ( Flames , Penguins , Rangers ) and offers a steady compliment .
At the end of the day , their statistics are not that different .
It was the same story last season .
The goaltending is NOT the problem , it is the easy scapegoat .
It is the simple corollary .
My opinion ?
If this team was a legit contender I could understand the cry for consistency and the Halak argument , but with a team that looks to be middle of the pack I would ride out the inconsistencies of the goaltender with the higher ceiling .
The fanbase seems to have settled on goaltending as it's scapegoat and is happy to ignore the lack of secondary scoring , abysmal defensive zone coverages and atrocious special teams .
The goaltending is but a symptom of a greater issue ; targeting the symptom of anemia by drinking 5 red bulls a day does nothing to cure lymphoma .
As each issue is addressed individually , the goaltending will miraculously improve .
For those who want to jump to emotional conclusions , this is probably not the article for you .
I do n't believe in simplistic judgments based on flawed statistical categories , so I have pieced together as many statistics I could for you to make your own judgments .
I have tracked every goal .
I have tracked where the shots are coming from , how many are blocked , how many are wide , where they are being scored from on the ice , where they are being scored on the goaltender , even strength , powerplay and save percentage from each distance .
My intent is to track these things all season and give you a comprehensive month to month look and offer a comparable for Price and Halak , as well as eventually a comparison to their league leading peers .
I avoided statistical manipulation , there is no " remove the seven goals Price gave up against the Canucks and his SV % is ..... " .
If you chose to ignore the winning percentage of the teams faced to make your argument , so be it .
If you want to ignore the video evidence of each individual goal , be my guest .
I have provided as much information possible in one place and hopefully through this research and presentation , Eyes on the Prize will be able to offer you a more rounded look for you to form your opinions .
SHOTS AGAINST
Price and Halak 's statistical achilles heel is that they play behind a porous Montreal defense .
A defense in transition and minus its best player , struggled in October to limit shot attempts .
Beginning with the season opener when the Leafs directed 92 shots at the Montreal goal ( 46 shots , 21 missed shots and 25 blocked shots ) Price and Halak have been faced with a consistent barrage .
Price has been facing almost a shot attempt per minute on the ice ( 412 shot attempts in 436 minutes ) .
Compare that to Tim Thomas who has faced 444 shots attempts in 542 minutes or Martin Brodeur who has faced 502 in 672 minutes .
The basic assumption behind these charts is the closer the shot to the net , the more likelihood of it resulting in a goal .
The short charts below would reinforce this assumption as the majority of goals given up by Halak and Price increase the closer they move towards the goal and their save percentage also declines with each one .
Looking at his charts , Price has been almost flawless from 50 + ft and has really struggled from 20 ft and in .
He only surrendered 3 goals in October outside of the slot and almost half ( 12 of the 25 goals ) were scored within 10 ft of the net .
Contrast that to Tim Thomas who only faced 8 shot attempts in all of October from within 10 ft. and Martin Brodeur who faced only 12 shots AT THE GOAL in 236 more minutes ( almost 4 full games ) .
Depending on your perspective , his struggles could also be blamed on terrible special teams as 12 of the 25 goals he allowed in October occurred on the penalty kill ( some may blame the penalty kill struggles on Price , I believe the video evidence below proves otherwise ) resulting in a massive drag on his save percentage .
The results between his even strength save percentage and penalty save percentage is a staggering .268 .
From .935 five on five to .667 shorthanded .
Halak has been very dominant between 20 - 40 ft. allowing only one goal all season , but he has also been victimized by the Canadiens soft defense down low as his SV % below 20 ft. is only marginally better than Price 's .692 .
Where Halak has outdistanced Price is his consistency .
His penalty kill SV % and regular strength percentage have not suffered from wild swings like Price .
Although his 5 on 5 is not in the .930s , he has maintained an .850 + special teams percentage , a huge improvement on Price 's .667 .
Halak has been a much more consistent option for the Canadiens through October 2009 - 10 .
If the Canadiens can limit the shot opportunities below 20 ft. and improve their penalty kill , you will witness a spike in Price and Halak 's numbers .
Hockey is a team game and goaltending statistics are a reflection of team play .
Can a superstar goaltender overcome defensive shortcomings ?
Yes , but not to the extent where he will lead the league statistically .
Can an average goaltender look like a superstar when insulated in a strong defensive system ?
History has shown that answer to be yes .
Rick Wamsley in 1982 , Bob Froese in 1986 , Byron Dafoe in 1999 and Roman Cechmanek in 2001 all had huge statistical years that were never duplicated on other teams .
When you combine a superstar goaltender with a defensive coach you get Patrick Roy in 1989 .
Unfortunately the Canadiens possess neither a superstar goaltender , nor an elite defensive coach .
Carey Price has the potential to be a superstar , but at 22 is still midway through a steep learning curve .
Halak at 24 has proven over the last 12 months that he is an NHL caliber goaltender , but has not shown that he can make the leap to the next level yet ( and for those with short memories , Halak was a major question mark through October 2008 ) .
GOALS AGAINST
The Canadiens goaltenders allowed forty - six goals in October and while watching the games I rarely found fault with either goaltender .
I could easily have just referenced my memory to make my points , but I decided I would go through each goal individually and try to assess blame .
I tried to assess the goaltenders positioning .
Were they playing too deep in the net ?
Were they over committing to the shooters ?
Were they over pursuing the play and creating opportunities while scrambling back in to the play ?
How was their gap control , puck tracking , anticipation and rebound control ?
Were they exposed because of defensive zone turnovers ?
Deflections ?
Poor defensive zone coverages ?
etc etc .
Through 46 goals I found 1 bad goal and 8 that were suspect .
I considered a goal suspect if there was a screen involved but the goaltender had n't battled through the screen , if a shot from in close was stoppable if the goaltender was at his sharpest ( ie .
Raymond off the wing in Vancouver .
If Price was sharp , he has the ability to make the save .
So even though it was a partial breakaway , more often than not I expect Price to make that save from that angle , but it can not be categorized as a bad goal ) or if the goaltender made a small technical error .
I also tracked where the goals beat the goaltender .
I illustrated it below with the five main zones + the zone across the bottom which represents goals scored into an empty net ( cross crease feed or tap - in ) .
It was interesting that all the heat Price takes for his glove hand that Halak was more vulnerable allowing over 30 % of his goals high glove - side .
Video evidence below ( Goals deemed bad or suspect are in bold . )
1. Gill giveaway behind the net .
Ponikoravsky one - time from the slot beats Price low stick side .
No chance .
25 ft
2. 5 on 3 PP .
Tomas Kaberle slap shot tipped in by Stajan at the side of the net .
No chance .
9 ft
3. 5 on 4 PP .
Scramble in front of the net .
Matt Stajan taps it into an empty net .
No chance .
5 ft
4 . Point shot redirected .
Tim Connolly pounces on loose puck and beats Price low stick side .
25 ft .
5. Ryan Kesler breakaway from the blueline .
Great move beats
Price along the ice glove side .
2 ft .
6. Mason Raymond in alone off the boards slides it through Price 's 5 - hole .
Stoppable . 5 ft .
7. 5 on 4 PP .
Tic Tac Toe to Steve Bernier who had an open net .
No chance .
9 ft .
8. 5 on 4 PP .
Price makes the initial save .
Sedin all alone shovles it into an empty net . 10 ft .
9. 2 on 0 breakaway .
Price cheats pass and Henrik Sedin makes him pay beating him high glove side .
8 ft .
10 . 5 on 4 PP .
Price stops initial point shot , Samuelsson puts the rebound through the 5 - hole .
9 ft .
11 . Scramble in front of the net .
Price commits to one shot and cannot recover .
No help from the D. 8 ft .
12 . Mike Comrie wrist shot beats
Price high glove side .
Looked stoppable .
34 ft .
13 . 5 on 4 PP .
Point shot tipped in low stick side .
No chance .
21 ft .
14 . Defensive zone turnover leads to O'Sullivan alone in the slot .
Beats Price low stick side .
28 ft .
15 . Hejduk shot deflected in off Gorges .
Price may have stopped it if his stick was in position .
30 ft .
16 . Cumiskey throws the puck towards the front of the net .
Deflects in off Belle 's skate .
No chance .
10 ft .
17 . Ryan O'Reilly out of the corner untouched , Price makes the save , but cannot stop the rebound .
11 ft .
18 . Chris Neil in the slot all alone .
High glove side .
No chance .
26 ft .
19 . Daniel Alfreddson one timer on a 5 on 3 powerplay .
Low glove side .
31 ft .
20 . Alex Kovalev all alone in the slot .
Snapshot blocker side .
30 ft
21. 5 on 4 PP .
Alex Goligoski shot from the point on the PP .
No screen beats Price high glove side .
55 ft .
22. 5 on 4 PP .
Chris Kunitz clear cut breakaway from center beats Price 5 - hole .
15 ft .
23 . Kris Versteeg behind the goal shot deflects off Bergeron in between Price 's pads beating him 5 - hole .
8ft .
24 . Cam Barker one - timer from the faceoff dot .
Price is deep , shot beats him high glove side .
31 ft .
25 . Patrick Sharp one - timer from the slot beats
Price low glove side opposite to his momentum .
37ft
1. Eric Nystrom in the slot unchecked .
Snapshot beats
Halak high glove side .
19 ft .
2. Slap shot from the point .
Tipped in front by Nystrom beats Halak low stick side .
13 ft
3 . Slap shot from the point off the post .
Jarome Iginla bangs in rebound beating Halak high glove side .
19 ft .
4. Kronwall slapshot from the blueline through a screen beats Halak high stick side .
60 ft .
5. Colby Armstrong from the faceoff dot beats Halak low glove side .
25 ft .
6 . Halak gives the puck away behind the net to Josh Bailey allowing for an easy tap - in. 5 ft .
7. Halak stops initial shot , Ansimov left alone and beats Halak high glove side .
6 ft .
8. Ales Kotalik left alone in the slot .
Beats Halak high glove side .
14 ft .
9. Gilroy slapshot from the point .
Halak may have been screened as he is beaten low stick side .
61 ft .
10 . Marian Gaborik breakaway from the blueline beats Halak 5 hole .
5 ft .
11. 5 on 4 PPG .
Tambellini drives hard to the net .
Halak is not set and exposes his 5 hole .
5 ft .
12. 5 on 4 PPG .
Spacek giveaway leads to a cross crease feed and an easy redirection for Jeff Tambellini .
13 . Turnover .
Guerin feeds Crosby all alone at the side of the net .
One - timer beats
Halak low - stick side .
17 ft .
14 . Halak stops initial shot , rebound to Sidney Crosby who beats a sprawled Halak top shelf glove side .
19 ft .
15 . Halak stops point shot , scramble in front and Rupp puts home the rebound beating him low stick side .
5 ft .
16 . Crosby alone in front , spin - o - rama .
Halak makes initial save hits Crosby 's skate and trickles in 5 - hole .
5 ft .
17 . 5 on 4 PP .
Point shot rebound to Ponikoravsky in the slot who wraps it home low stick side by Halak. 15 ft .
18 . 5 on 4 PP .
Lee Stempniak slap shot from the point beats a screened Halak high glove side .
54 ft .
19 .
Cross crease feed to Ponikoravsky , beats Halak from a bad angle with a perfect shot high stick side .
19 ft .
20 . 6 on 5 . Kaberle takes a point shot that deflects off Hamrlik and Spacek to beat Halak low stick side .
63 ft
The October verdict : Patience is required .
Patience for a Canadiens team integrating 10 - 12 new players .
Patience for a team that is missing its only legitimate All - Star .
Patience for a coach who is still installing a new system and approach and finally patience for the two kids between the pipes .
Chris Boyle is a frequent contributor to Eyes On The Prize and goes by the handle Wamsley .
He is a lifelong Habs fan and the editor of fantasysensehockey .
net .
YOUNG IRELAND : MAKING IT BETTER : Part II : NO GENERATION is handed the perfect country on a plate , certainly no Irish generation .
Over the centuries our elders have handed us down varying degrees of war , poverty , division and social isolation .
Each generation was defined by how they worked with what they were given and whether they rose to the challenge or headed for the shores .
Shane Fitzgerald ’s piece ( “ Students seek out greener pastures to avoid recession ” , Opinion and Analysis , October 29th ) is understandable .
My generation thought we had escaped this obligation , and for once would be handed down something perfect – a wealthy state with jobs and opportunity .
Nothing could be further from the truth .
Our “ misfortune ” is compounded by a sense of betrayal .
Those who came before us had a chance to do something brilliant with the wealth but instead they blew it .
Some politicians have called what the bankers did “ economic treason ” .
My generation is not naive : we know this treason was n’t confined to the boardrooms .
It ’s a neat trick to try and place the blame on a few .
However , you all took the tax cuts , you all demanded more tax cuts , you never asked the questions you should have and you left us in an economic hole .
The good news is that however badly they managed the economy , our parents did a few things right that simply ca n’t be undone .
For a start , no economic contraction will bring us back to the 1980s .
No budget deficit will roll back a quarter - century of social change .
For all the fear out there about the economy , we should remind ourselves that no spike in unemployment will restore the domineering power of the church ; no economic bungling will destroy our desire to maintain peace in the North .
When I was growing up , I was often told about the 1980s .
That decade became a byword for despair .
Folks , we ’ve all been watching and this is n’t the 1980s .
It is because we have opened up as a country that we are more socially liberal .
Elaine Byrne wrote of how we have to look beyond our shores for intellectual inspiration ( “ We must take task of nation - building upon ourselves ” , Opinion and Analysis , November 4th ) .
Thank God we have that opportunity , that we embrace such thinking instead of treating it with suspicion like previous generations .
That we have access to , and respect , foreign intellectuals is something to be applauded .
If the US can throw off centuries of prejudice and elect an African - American , surely we can put behind us a near - century - old civil war and look for something other than tweedledum and tweedledee ?
Our politicians will no longer be able to go along with business as usual because we will demand more from them .
Our parents also made the smart move of investing in education .
We have one of the largest , brightest and most - educated workforces in the world .
And when we were n’t busy educating ourselves , we were busy J1-ing and inter-railing across the world .
We ’ve seen more countries and more cities than generations gone before .
We know exactly what a well - run country looks like because we ’ve seen it with our own eyes .
With this education and with this connection to the world , we have the ability and the means to lead .
But lead ourselves to where ?
Young people in the 1960s and 1970s could be inspired by the socialism of the East or aspire to the capitalism of the West .
In the 1990s and 2000s , there was no choice – just one glorious path to unfettered capitalism .
With the fall of the Berlin Wall and the collapse of the banks , we have been left with no ideology .
If the task of job creation and economic renewal seems daunting , it is finding a replacement ideology that may challenge us most .
For me , the answer is to turn our backs on these failed ideas .
We cannot worship infinite economic growth on a planet with finite resources and hold as the ultimate aim for our society the creation of material wealth .
More importantly , we have to restore our sense of solidarity , now eroded by decades of greed .
Instead of rewarding governments for doing what is popular , we have to accept that as an electorate we must punish them for taking the easy option .
I know others will disagree with this and have their own vision .
But this energy and competing ideas is why we must stay in our country and not take the easy option of giving up and emigrating .
For all the flaws we see in our politics and politicians , we still live in a democracy .
If we engage with politics and our fellow citizens , we can emerge with a new Ireland that betters what was handed to us .
Those who want to give up and emigrate have bought into the lie that this country cannot change , when in reality the only certainty is that it will change .
We may be children of the 1980s but we are not prisoners of the 1980s .
We have the ability to lead and change this country , if only we can stay around long enough to do so .
Andrew Murphy is a 22 - year - old law student at NUI Galway .
He has a degree in sociology and politics , and has been active in student politics and the Young Greens
Tomorrow : Ciarán McGuinness – inner city community worker and businessman
An interesting observation courtesy of Mint : of the 307,868,280 Americans out there , which compose 151,485,000 tax units , 46.9 % will have zero federal income tax liability in 2009 .
Brilliant plan to keep the country happy : the poor pay no taxes , the rich get a massive stock market bubble to sell into , and the disappearing middle class ... well , they can pay $ 20 for a hotdog and beer combo in Prague on that once - every - five - years vacation .
h/t John Connor
an idea
As protest movements migrate into cyberspace , there is a growing legal debate over to what extent the programmers who write its source code are actually expressing themselves .
In other words , is code only functional , or is it also expressive ?
And more importantly , should source code be Constitutionally - protected as a type of free speech ?
In an article written last month in , NYU 's Gabriella Coleman comes down on the side of " code is speech " .
She cites examples of how programmers have used their source code as a means of political expression , and , particularly , as protest actions .
For example , one software developer , Seth Schoen , published a haiku in 2001 that was actually a transcoding of a free piece of software called DeCSS , which could be used to decrypt access controls on copyrighted DVDs .
Schoen wrote his haiku ( spreading DeCSS 's source code ) as part of a wave of protests following the arrest of DeCSS 's co-author , Jon Lech Johansen .
Typically , written forms of expressions - haikus , poems , essays , etc. - are protected as free speech by the First Amendment .
However , should they still be considered as such when their true intent , critics argue , is simply to facilitate illegal acts of DVD piracy ?
On the other hand , is n't the source code the haiku is openly trying to mask a form of civil disobedience , nonetheless ?
Is n't it ultimately stillthat people are trying to express ?
Coleman pushes the argument that " code is speech " further .
She argues that there is an emerging trend of programmers and technologists gaining a facility for the law and , consequently , tinkering with it to suit their needs .
This informal legal expertise is being acquired , then shared , as a means of challenging regimes that obstruct them .
Once empowered , these techie - turned - amateur - legal - experts engage in " contentious politics " to advocate for their causes .
Ultimately , programmers are collectively attempting to construct new legal definitions and artifacts - a process that theorist Robert Cover calls " jurisgenesis " .
Developers are challenging the idea of software as property " by crafting new free speech theories to defend the idea of software as speech " .
It 's a fascinating development that 's occurring right before our eyes , and it 's pretty evident once we take a step back and look at it .
I , myself , am apparently an unwitting part of this movement , being a programmer - turned - academic who has " infiltrated " the ivory towers to redefine the meanings of internet technologies for the intellectual establishment .
Either that or I just have too much time on my hands :-) The fact is that , more and more frequently , source code really is being written as a form of expression , and when that 's the case , it ought to be considered a type of speech .
That does n't mean it 's suddenly legal to pirate DVDs ; only that the sharing of ideas should n't so haphazardly be censored in the name of copyright infringement .
After all , if the courts have ruled that the Anarchist Cookbook is legally able to publish tutorials on how to make bombs , as a protected form of free speech , then a haiku masking some C++ code does n't seem nearly as destructive .
But , I guess that depends on who you ask .
Last night was the season finale of Curb Your Enthusiasm , and there 's no telling when it will return .
In honor of its ending , we compiled a montage of every single obscenity - laden Susie Greene ( Essman ) outburst from the series .
Advertisement
Pink Floydz – A Fleeting Glimpse – Established 1998
WELCOME TO PINK FLOYDZ – A FLEETING GLIMPSE
Established in June 1998 this site has taken 23 years to build and has seen MULTI MILLIONS of visitors .
If you have n’t been here before , get set to discover one of the most comprehensive Pink Floyd sites on the internet !
Originally founded by Col Turner ( Who ran this site for 19 years . )
In 2017 it was handed over to Liam Creedon , who was later joined by Sean Pincombe in 2019 and who is now Editor - In - Chief .
If you have anything Floyd related that you think may be of interest , drop a line to sean@pinkfloydz.com OR liam@pinkfloydz.com
We do not receive any funding at all , so donations are most welcome .
It does cost money to keep this site going , so even if you donate just $ 5 it can make a difference .
( Please use the Donation button in the left hand column . )
Thank You !
As a convenience to you we are providing these Amazon Links USA | UK | CANADA | and now AUSTRALIA
We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program , an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Two genes containing mutations known to cause rare familial forms of parkinsonism are also associated with the more common , sporadic form of the disease where there is no family history , researchers have found .
The finding came in the largest genome - wide association study ( GWAS ) reported to date involving Parkinson 's disease .
GWAS studies look in the DNA on all of the chromosomes in a specific population of individuals for common genetic associations with a disease .
To date , such studies have been done on relatively small numbers of samples and have not been able to identify genetic variations of smaller effect in Parkinson 's disease .
But now , GWAS studies in very large sample sets are able to identify these elusive genetic variations .
Collaborating scientists in the United States and Europe pooled nearly 14,000 DNA samples and data to confirm that mutations in the alpha - synuclein ( SNCA ) gene and microtubule associated protein tau ( MAPT ) , both present in the general population , are risk factors for sporadic Parkinson 's disease .
In an independent study from Japan , researchers also identified a different combination of genetic variants as risk factors in people of Japanese descent , a finding that highlights the power of GWAS in comparing risk factors among different populations .
The findings presented in the Nov. 15 , 2009 , online issue of Nature Genetics were supported in part by the National Institute on Aging ( NIA ) , National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke , National Cancer Institute , and the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences , all components of the National Institutes of Health .
Parkinson 's disease , which affects about 1.5 million Americans , is a progressive neurologic disorder caused by the degeneration of nerve cells in the portion of the brain that controls movement .
The likelihood of developing the disorder increases with age and involves a combination of environmental risk factors and genetic susceptibility .
GWAS studies require large numbers of DNA samples — a hurdle the international team of researchers overcame through collaboration .
" Because previous Parkinson 's GWAS were too small and lacked power , we worked together to compile and analyze the large data sets needed to identify the elusive genetic variations that play a role in this complex disease , " said Andrew B. Singleton , Ph.D. , chief of the NIA Laboratory of Neurogenetics , who co-led the study with Thomas Gasser , M.D. , of the Hertie Institute for Clinical Brain Research , University of Tubingen , and the German Center for Neurodegenerative Disease , of Tubingen , Germany .
" With this better understanding of the underlying genetic variants involved in the progress of this disorder , we have more insight into the causes and underlying biology of this disease .
We hope this new understanding will one day provide us with strategies to delay , or even prevent , the development of Parkinson 's disease . "
The two - phase GWAS first analyzed DNA samples of 1,713 people with the disease and 3,978 free of the disorder , all of whom were Europeans .
The findings were then replicated in a similar group of 3,361 people with Parkinson 's disease and 4,573 without the disorder .
Following the initial findings implicating SNCA and MAPT variants as risk factors for typical Parkinson 's disease , the team then compared results with researchers performing a GWAS study in a group of Japanese people ( 2,816 with Parkinson 's disease and 3,401 free of the disorder ) .
This second GWAS also revealed the strong association for SNCA but not for MAPT .
Additionally , both GWAS studies found evidence for two additional risk variants ; the first , which was strongest in the Japanese population , was named Park16 ; the second is close to a gene , LRRK2 , which Dr. Singleton 's and Dr. Gasser 's groups previously found contains mutations that cause an inherited form of Parkinson 's disease .
" These findings support the notion that the sporadic and rare familial forms of the disease are related and that common genetic variability plays a role in developing the disorder , " said NIA Director Richard J. Hodes , M.D. " Future GWAS involving greater numbers of DNA samples will likely reveal additional common genetic risk factors .
As we continue to use these and other novel approaches to understand complex diseases , we move closer to a complete understanding of the genetic basis of Parkinson 's disease . "
Provided by National Institutes of Health
Explore further Researchers find gene that contributes to two common neurological movement disorders
Republican Party
Sen .
Alexander accuses Obama of building an 'enemies list '
By Perry Bacon Jr .
Sen. Lamar Alexander , the No. 3 leader of the Republicans in the Senate , on Wednesday accused the Obama administration of creating " an enemies list , " comparing the recent criticism by the White House of the Chamber of Commerce , the Fox News Channel and other political opponents to the behavior of the Nixon administration .
" This behavior is typical of street brawls and political campaign consultants , " Alexander said in a speech Wednesday morning on the Senate floor .
" It is a mistake for the president of the United States and the White House staff . "
White House officials have over the past week publicly criticized the Chamber of Commerce as not representing the interests of many businesses and said Fox is so biased against the administration that it should be not be treated as a legitimate news outlet .
Alexander also criticized the administration for briefly barring the health insurance company Humana from writing Medicare beneficiaries to warn them that proposed health reform legislation could hurt seniors and jeopardize their benefits -- a contention that the White House disputes and has called misleading .
" Insurance companies , once the allies of the Obama health care proposal , have suddenly become the source of all our health care problems -- because they pointed out , again correctly , that if Congress taxes insurance premiums and restricts coverage to those who are sicker and older , the cost of premiums for millions of Americans is likely to go up instead of down , " Alexander said , referring to White House criticism of a much disputed study sponsored by the America 's Health Insurance Plans .
Independent experts have suggested the study incorrectly said health care premiums would go up for millions of Americans .
" Because of that insubordination , the president and his allies have threatened to take away the insurance companies antitrust exemption . "
Alexander 's remarks made him the highest - ranking GOP official to make the unflattering comparison of Obama to former president Nixon , a Republican , a line of thinking also recently put forward by former Bush White House adviser Karl Rove .
While a reliable GOP vote and a member of the leadership , the Tennessee senator 's sharp tone was surprising , as he has called for more cooperation between the two parties and was one the few GOP senators to support the appointment of Sonia Sotomayor to the Supreme Court .
Alexander also served as an low - level aide in the Nixon White House , an experience he referred to in his speech .
He had no role in that administration 's creation of a formal list of political opponents to target and " use the available federal machinery to screw , " in the words of a Nixon aide .
" If the president and his top aides treat people with different views as enemies instead of listening to what they have to say , " Alexander said , " they 're likely to end up with a narrow view and a feeling that the whole world is out to get them .
And as those of use who served in the Nixon administration know , that can get you into a lot of trouble . "
The White House replied by stressing the president 's bipartisan outreach .
" While some Republicans on Capitol Hill seem to be formulating lists of people and policies to oppose , this president is focused on tackling the list of critical priorities that Washington has ignored for too long , " said Josh Earnest , Deputy White House Press Secretary .
" From the Recovery Act to health insurance reform to the small business initiatives he announced today , the president is pleased with the progress that 's been made on the list so far and remains committed to working with Republicans to include their best ideas , even if he does n't get their support . "
Posted at 2:13 PM ET on Oct 21 , 2009 | Category : Republican Party
Share This : Technorati | Tag in Del.icio.us | Digg This
Previous :
In DC and Kabul , uncertainty reigns | Next : Michelle Obama hoops it up for health
Add 44 to Your Site
Get This Widget >>
Be the first to know when there 's a new installment of The Trail .
This widget is easy to add to your Web site , and it will update every time there 's a new entry on The Trail .
Posted by : tswank1 | October 26 , 2009 2:09 PM
Posted by : tswank1 | October 26 , 2009 2:02 PM
Posted by : rooster 54 | October 24 , 2009 12:30 PM
Posted by : rooster 54 | October 24 , 2009 12:24 PM
Posted by : seemstome | October 23 , 2009 10:51 AM
Posted by : David_Powell3006 | October 22 , 2009 8:55 PM
Posted by : David_Powell3006 | October 22 , 2009 8:54 PM
Posted by : lithium 452 | October 22 , 2009 5:16 PM
Posted by : michael5 | October 22 , 2009 2:19 PM
Posted by : michael5 | October 22 , 2009 2:17 PM
Posted by : chrismercy2003 | October 22 , 2009 1:31 PM
Posted by : atc333 | October 22 , 2009 11:18 AM
Posted by : 3 zBrod | October 22 , 2009 11:09 AM
Posted by : SeniorVet | October 22 , 2009 10:40 AM
Posted by : UncleMikey | October 22 , 2009 9:43 AM
Posted by : UncleMikey | October 22 , 2009 9:33 AM
Posted by : akeegan2 | October 22 , 2009 9:18 AM
Posted by : JD538 | October 22 , 2009 9:03 AM
Posted by : NomoStew | October 22 , 2009 7:29 AM
Posted by : Aprogressiveindependent | October 21 , 2009 11:34 PM
Posted by : thmas | October 21 , 2009 11:32 PM
Posted by : itscc721 | October 21 , 2009 11:19 PM
Posted by : ruraledcomm | October 21 , 2009 10:56 PM
Posted by : unsocialist | October 21 , 2009 10:44 PM
Posted by : PurlGurl | October 21 , 2009 10:34 PM
Posted by : drtompotts | October 21 , 2009 10:16 PM
Posted by : mwhoke | October 21 , 2009 9:40 PM
Posted by : thebump | October 21 , 2009 8:18 PM
Posted by : whatdyousay | October 21 , 2009 8:13 PM
Posted by : seemstome | October 21 , 2009 7:33 PM
Posted by : Jake_D | October 21 , 2009 7:26 PM
Posted by : buzzychief | October 21 , 2009 7:23 PM
Posted by : seemstome | October 21 , 2009 7:20 PM
Posted by : Lou3 | October 21 , 2009 6:15 PM
Posted by : Gator-ron | October 21 , 2009 5:52 PM
Posted by : JRM2 | October 21 , 2009 5:47 PM
Posted by : JRM2 | October 21 , 2009 5:45 PM
Posted by : luckdress | October 21 , 2009 5:40 PM
Posted by : Thependulumswings | October 21 , 2009 5:39 PM
Posted by : Gator-ron | October 21 , 2009 5:34 PM
Posted by : coralights | October 21 , 2009 5:21 PM
Posted by : Bcamp55 | October 21 , 2009 5:05 PM
Posted by : coralights | October 21 , 2009 5:05 PM
Posted by : lurkitty | October 21 , 2009 5:00 PM
Posted by : blarsen1 | October 21 , 2009 4:57 PM
Posted by : Billw3 | October 21 , 2009 4:54 PM
Posted by : coralights | October 21 , 2009 4:52 PM
Posted by : rainman2 | October 21 , 2009 4:45 PM
Posted by : umbriadan | October 21 , 2009 4:43 PM
Posted by : flavor13 | October 21 , 2009 4:37 PM
Posted by : Billw3 | October 21 , 2009 4:35 PM
Posted by : coralights | October 21 , 2009 4:35 PM
Posted by : rainman2 | October 21 , 2009 4:28 PM
Posted by : vintel7 | October 21 , 2009 4:27 PM
Posted by : dpand1 | October 21 , 2009 4:24 PM
Posted by : Billw3 | October 21 , 2009 4:22 PM
Posted by : doggit1 | October 21 , 2009 4:21 PM
Posted by : whereareweandwhatarewedoinginthishandbasket | October 21 , 2009 4:20 PM
Posted by : coralights | October 21 , 2009 4:15 PM
Posted by : thebloddletting | October 21 , 2009 4:12 PM
Posted by : doggit1 | October 21 , 2009 4:12 PM
Posted by : wasaUFO | October 21 , 2009 4:08 PM
Posted by : buzzychief | October 21 , 2009 3:51 PM
Posted by : SAINT --- The | October 21 , 2009 3:50 PM
Posted by : SAINT --- The | October 21 , 2009 3:49 PM
Posted by : buzzychief | October 21 , 2009 3:39 PM
Posted by : vintel7 | October 21 , 2009 3:36 PM
Posted by : Jerzy | October 21 , 2009 3:26 PM
Posted by : flintston | October 21 , 2009 3:21 PM
Posted by : vintel7 | October 21 , 2009 3:18 PM
Posted by : nodebris | October 21 , 2009 3:12 PM
Posted by : vintel7 | October 21 , 2009 2:57 PM
Posted by : scrivener50 | October 21 , 2009 2:46 PM
My sketchbooks — filled with dead insects , pasted plants , watercolor paintings , drawings , writings , coins , ticket stubs , and other assorted ephemera .
I kept these books for a number of years , but stopped abruptly when I was robbed at gunpoint in Central America in 2003 .
The robbers stole a bag containing a sketchbook with over nine months of work , and it was at that point that I stopped painting and started using code .
JERUSALEM  Israel said Tuesday that it had advanced plans to expand a Jewish district of Jerusalem in territory that was captured in the 1967 war and that the Palestinians claim as part of their future state .
The move is likely to further complicate the Obama administration ’s faltering efforts to restart peace talks .
The news that the building plans had moved closer to approval drew a sharp response from the White House , which has declared reviving the talks to be a major goal .
Robert Gibbs , the press secretary , issued a statement saying the administration was “ dismayed ” and asking both parties to avoid unilateral actions that could “ pre-empt , or appear to pre-empt , negotiations . ”
Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton recently generated a furor among Palestinians and other Arabs by praising as “ unprecedented ” an offer by Israel to slow down , but not stop , construction of Jewish settlements in the West Bank .
Arab countries worried that the administration was backing off its previous insistence on a complete freeze , but Mrs. Clinton denied that , saying that she was offering “ positive reinforcement ” for policies that headed in that direction .
The Israeli move to push forward the building plans in Jerusalem comes as the Palestinians have begun seeking support for a plan to win the United Nations Security Council ’s recognition of a Palestinian state , without Israel ’s agreement , in the lands Israel won in 1967 .
Palestinian officials said they were pursuing the idea in an attempt to break the impasse in peace talks .
Osteoarthritis ( OA ) , a highly prevalent disease , raised aggregate annual medical care expenditures in the U.S. by $ 185.5 billion according to researchers from Stony Brook University .
Insurers footed $ 149.4 billion of the total medical spend and out - of - pocket ( OOP ) expenditures were $ 36.1 billion ( 2007 dollars ) .
Results of the cost analysis study are published in the December issue of Arthritis & Rheumatism , a journal of the American College of Rheumatology .
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) estimate 27 million Americans suffer from OA with more women than men affected by the disease .
Forecasts indicate that by the year 2030 , 25 % of the adult U.S. population , or nearly 67 million people , will have physician - diagnosed arthritis .
OA is a major debilitating disease causing gradual loss of cartilage , primarily affecting the knees , hips , hands , feet , and spine .
John Rizzo , Ph.D. , and colleagues used data from the 1996 - 2005 Medical Expenditure Panel Survey ( MEPS ) to determine the overall annual expected medical care expenditures for OA in the U.S.
The sample included 84,647 women and 70,590 men aged 18 years and older who had health insurance .
Expenditures for physician , hospital , and outpatient services , as well expenditures for drugs , diagnostic testing , and related medical services were included .
Healthcare expenses were expressed in 2007 dollars using the Medical Care Component of the Consumer Price Index .
Researchers , using multivariable regression models , determined annual insurer healthcare expenditures were $ 4,833 for women and $ 4,036 for men .
Out - of - pocket expenses were also higher in women than men , at $ 1,379 and $ 694 , respectively .
" Understanding the economic costs of OA is important for payors , providers , patients , and other stakeholders , " said .
Rizzo .
" Our study clearly reflects the significant impact of OA on U.S. healthcare spending . "
Further analysis provided aggregate data based upon arthritis prevalence rates reported in a study by Helmick et al. , and also published in Arthritis and Rheumatism ( 2008 ) .
The current study determined that OA increased insurer costs by $ 149.4 billion and OOP expenditures by 36.1 billion annually , for an aggregate increase of $ 185.5 billion per year .
According to the authors women accounted for more of the expenditures ( $ 118 billion ) than men ( $ 67.5 billion ) , reflecting the higher occurrence of the disease among women .
In recent years the prevalence of OA has risen rapidly and this trend is expected to continue .
Increased awareness and better screening to identify patients with OA may help to delay disease progression and its debilitating effects which could mitigate costs to insurers and patients .
" Our results suggest that patients with OA may benefit from greater efforts to promote exercise , proper medication use , and appropriate surgical treatments for the disease , " concluded Dr. Rizzo .
Source : Wiley - Blackwell
Over the years I have received many emails and comments to produce an updated version of this project .
Almost 10 years on and here it is !
Completely recreated in 1080 p with higher quality sources .
It ’s also much longer – over 12 minutes now thanks to the additional countdowns that have been created since then .
If you happen to have any higher quality sources than what you see here , please get in touch .
There is also a high quality audio version :
http://www.factorfiles.com/bbcmedia/BBCCountdownCompilation2017.mp3
This new revised version features the following countdowns :
Original 1999 BBC News 24 90 Second Countdown ( with 2002 visual refresh )
Original 1999 BBC
World 10 second countdown
2002 BBC World 60 second countdown
2003 BBC News 24 70 second countdown
2003 BBC World 60 second “ ribbon around the world ” countdown
2005 BBC World 60 second first “ News gathering ” countdown
2006 BBC News 24 60 second countdown “ news gathering ” countdown ( with 2007 visual refresh )
2007 BBC World 60 second countdown
2008 BBC News Channel / World News 90 second countdown
2010 BBC News Channel 60 second countdown ( with London Olympics visuals refresh )
2013 BBC News Channel / World News 90 second “ orchestral ” countdown ( with 2016 / 2017 visual refreshes )
Here ’s the rest of this page from the original version :
Way back in 2007 , I created a very popular “ mock ” video , where I mixed all of the BBC top of the hour countdowns together , into one continues piece of music .
Then on 19/7/2011 , my popular YouTube video BBC Countdowns Compilation was removed due to a copyright claim by ‘ United Artists ’ .
The video had been available on YouTube since March 2008 , and had even been previously Content ID ’d as containing material from the ‘ BBC Motion Gallery ’ but had not been removed , the BBC instead choosing to receive the ad revenue from YouTube .
The composer David Lowe had also been aware of the video , and had been in contact with me to say how much he liked it .
He is also a member of the Facebook Fan Page I created for the countdown .
I have no idea who United Artists are , but they have caused the removal of the video from YouTube , and put my account into ‘ bad standing ’ because of copyright infringement .
Anyway , you can view the original here :
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
The song I go chop your dollar satirises the greed of fraud victims
A prominent Nigerian comic actor who is famous for singing a song about e-mail scams has been kidnapped .
Nkem Owoh was last seen setting off on a highway in the east of the country , the head of the Nigerian actors ' guild said .
Local media report that kidnappers have demanded a 15 m naira ( $ 98,300 , £ 58,900 ) ransom for Mr Owoh .
He is the second actor to be kidnapped in the area .
In August , Pete Edochie was seized and released a day later .
' Chop your dollar '
Mr Owoh is the star of at least 77 Nollywood films , with titles like Big Man ... Big Trouble , and The Master - a film about e-mail fraud .
He also sang the song Oyinbo , I go chop your dollar , pidgin for " white man , I 'm going to take your money " , from The Master .
The song was banned from being played on the radio .
In the satirical film he plays an e-mail scammer who makes a living duping " greedy white people " with advance fee fraud e-mails .
He also starred in the Nollywood sales record - breaker Osuofia in London , a fish - out - of - water comedy about a man from rural Igboland trying to get by in London .
While some video games , like The Sims , allow characters to engage in same - sex lovin ’ , we believe BioWare ’s Dragon
Age is the first that game creators produced an entire gay sex scene for .
Between man and elf .
Well , it ’s the first we ’ve ever seen .
We ’ve never played Dragon Age : Origins ( the “ dark heroic fantasy ” was just released this month ) , but from watching this clip we know characters are given a series of dialogue options when talking to other characters .
And like a good Choose Your Own Adventure book , selecting the right choices will reap excellent rewards .
Like this Brokeback Mountain style romp by the fire , which , depending on the height of your cubicle ’s walls , may be NSFW .
And these two are supposed to be enemies .
Aww !
Grand Prize of the Festival Category : Short Films 1977
This short animated film features the sandman and the creatures he sculpts out of sand .
These lively creatures build a castle and celebrate the completion of their new home , only to be interrupted by an uninvited guest .
Cleverly constructed with nuance , the film leaves interpretation open to the viewer .
The film took home an Oscar® for Best Animated Short Film .
Just when you think you ’ve seen it all .
This park celebrates sex , plain and simple .
What you see in the imagery is what you think it is .
According to the park ’s official web - site ‘ it is a place where sexually orientated art and eroticism meet .
The park breaks the traditional tabooes surrounding sex so that the visitor can appreciate the natural beauty of sexuality ’ .
Welcome to Utah Lodging !
We Specialize in Powder Mountain - Snowbasin - Nordic Valley Resorts
We Specialize in Powder Mountain - Snowbasin - Nordic Valley Resorts
Feel free to stop by and visit our offices at 2595 Hwy 162 , Suites 2 & 3 in Eden , just north of the Valley Market , next to the Post Office , or call 877-775-6344 to talk to one of our representatives today .
If you are interested in owning property in the Ogden Valley , please visit Engle & Völkers Eden - eden.evusa.com
according to Teton Gravity Research .
In this " Local 's Guide to Ogden Valley - Utah's Open , Secret Powder Mill " , they offer 4 Top Tips to making the most of your ski trip to Ogden and the Ogden Valley .
With three ski areas , world - class snow and terrain , night skiing , and quaint small town atmosphere , the Ogden Valley provides a top ski experience without the crowds .
Beat the bookies ( Image : James McCauley / Rex Features )
FIVE years ago , Londoner Ashley Revell sold his house , all his possessions and cashed in his life savings .
It raised £ 76,840 .
He flew to Las Vegas , headed to the roulette table and put it all on red .
The wheel was spun .
The crowd held its breath as the ball slowed , bounced four or five times , and finally settled on number seven .
Red seven .
Revell ’s bet was a straight gamble : double or nothing .
But when Edward Thorp , a mathematics student at the Massachussetts Institute of Technology , went to the same casino some 40 years previously , he knew pretty well where the ball was going to land .
He walked away with a profit , took it to the racecourse , the basketball court and the stock market , and became a multimillionaire .
He was n’t on a lucky streak , he was using his knowledge of mathematics to understand , and beat , the odds .
No one can predict the future , but the powers of probability can help .
Armed with this knowledge , a high - school mathematics education and £ 50 , I headed off to find out how Thorp , and others like him , have used mathematics to beat the system .
Just how much money could probability make me ?
When Thorp stood at the roulette wheel in the summer of 1961 there was no need for nerves – he was armed with the first “ wearable ” computer , one that could predict the outcome of the spin .
Once the ball was in play , Thorp fed the computer information about the speed and position of the ball and the wheel using a microswitch inside his shoe .
“ It …
Accident Lawyers and Personal Injury Attorneys in Philadelphia , PA
A sudden injury can change your life in an instant .
You may have no idea where to start to pursue full and fair compensation for all your losses .
The stress and anxiety that come with uncertainty can often paralyze you .
You want an experienced lawyer to protect your interests .
At Metzger & Kleiner , Attorneys at Law , we have the experience , skill , knowledge and resources to help you get the outcome you want .
We bring more than 40 years of practice experience to injured people throughout the Philadelphia metro area and Pennsylvania 's Lehigh Valley .
We represent members of the local community as well as out - of - state visitors traveling through the area .
We built our successful practice on a passion for helping injured people , combined with a commitment to get results .
To see samples of the cases we have handled , go to our verdicts and settlements page .
Thoughts on Libertarians and Immigration
By Robert P. Murphy
Immigration is one of the most hotly contested areas in libertarian theory and politics .
In a short article like this I could n’t hope to address all of the different arguments .
For a start in that direction , I point the reader to Anthony Gregory and Walter Block ’s Journal of Libertarian Studies article [ .pdf ] on the subject , which comes down in favor of “ open borders ” but gives serious attention to the arguments of Hoppe and the later Rothbard .
I personally agree with Gregory and Block on the technical issues of libertarian theory .
Yet in the present essay I just want to make some practical observations on topics that puzzle me when I hear them discussed in the typical debates .
Using the Term “ Illegals ”
In my opinion , the oddest practice in American political discourse on immigration is to refer to the people in question as “ illegals . ”
Out of all the groups in the country who violate legislation enacted by a few hundred people in D.C. , why is the term “ illegal ” reserved for those who violate immigration laws ?
On the one hand , I think it ’s because the term “ criminal ” would be too harsh .
In other words , people do n’t call murderers and rapists “ illegals , ” they call them criminals .
Yet if people were to refer to all illegal immigrants as criminals , it would make it difficult to distinguish the otherwise - law - abiding immigrants from those that were actually committing violent crimes and committing individual acts of theft .
On the other hand , I think it ’s inconsistent to use the pejorative term “ illegal ” to classify an entire group of people .
The term might make sense for law - and - order Republicans to use , but not for libertarians , especially for libertarian anarchists .
After all , most libertarians do n’t refer to pot smokers or tax evaders as “ illegals , ” even though they are breaking the laws of the United States too .
Indeed , I bet there are a higher fraction of “ illegals ” at most libertarian conferences than there are at most construction sites !
Focus on Government Cash Flows
Besides the term “ illegal , ” another thing odd about the typical immigration debate — at least when conducted among self - described libertarians — is the focus on tax payments and government expenditures .
The opponents of unrestricted immigration point to evidence showing how much more the government has to pay in terms of welfare , schooling , hospital visits , and so forth , to people who are n’t “ on the books ” and do n’t pay any income taxes .
The defenders of immigration counter with studies showing how much they pay in sales taxes , how they are net contributors to Social Security if they work under a fake name , and so on .
Although these empirical studies are interesting , they largely miss the point .
My contribution to society is not gauged by my net payments to the government .
On the contrary , I serve people ( and they serve me ) in the voluntary private sector .
My paycheck is the best measure of how much I ’ve contributed to others , at least in terms of tangible wealth .
( Personally , my stunning good looks are also a huge positive externality I shower on those in my community , but I do n’t charge them for this . )
A large , bustling city like New York or San Francisco could n’t survive without millions of low - paid people performing all sorts of mundane yet crucial jobs .
If all the illegal immigrants suddenly disappeared tomorrow , my hunch is that most Americans would find themselves poorer — and especially those who live in areas with a high population of illegal immigrants .
It ’s true that the city or state governments might see an improvement in their bottom lines ( though maybe not ) , but again , that ’s hardly the decisive consideration .
The real benefit of immigrants , whether approved or not by the politicians , is that they are people with skills who can raise the productivity of everyone through enhancing the division of labor .
The United States is very thinly populated , and every new baby born here represents not just a belly to feed but a brain that can create .
For libertarians who can see the absurdity of China ’s birth control policies , it should be clear that more immigrants wo n’t spell economic disaster either .
Again , it might make sense for the standard Republican to care about tax payments , but I do n’t see why a libertarian would get worked up about immigrants failing to fund the government .
I conduct my own consulting business in full compliance with tax laws , if only because I am a worrier and want to be able to sleep at night .
But I know many libertarians who celebrate tax dodgers , at least when it comes to tax dodgers who hold American citizenship .
Why then should this be a strike against people who also broke an arbitrary immigration rule laid down by the people collecting the unjust taxes ?
Related to this , I do n’t understand why the biggest objection to government - run health care for so many people is that , “ I ’ll be paying for illegals to get medical treatment . ”
This popular hostility was epitomized when Joe Wilson famously called out Obama ’s statement that illegal immigrants would not receive taxpayer - funded medical coverage .
Yes , of course Obama was lying , but that speech must have had a few dozen lies in it .
I do n’t think the part about illegal immigrants receiving funding was the most important .
No , I think it ’s far more significant that the more government controls health care , the more leverage it will have over its opponents .
A critic of a future Administration will be a lot less likely to speak out if his daughter is in the queue for a kidney transplant .
Do n’t get me wrong , I agree that it is unjust for foreigners to move into my neighborhood and ( indirectly ) take money out of my pocket by receiving government services .
But in the grand scheme of things , I am quite sure that military contractors and investment bankers ripped me off far more than illegal immigrants in the past year .
What Other Problems Do We Trust the State to Fix ?
Finally , even if we think that unrestricted immigration is a problem , why would we trust politicians to fix it ?
Illiteracy , drug abuse , malnutrition , dangerous roads , and terrorist attacks are all potential problems too , yet most libertarians recognize the problem with giving the government more money and power in exchange for promises to solve these social ills .
Why then do so many critics of the government constantly hope that finally a certain candidate will “ get tough and protect the border ” ?
Is n’t that a bit like hoping for a politician who will “ end corruption ” ?
Just look at the perversity of the Immigration and Naturalization Service ( INS ) .
In the Saturday Night Live - inspired movie The Coneheads , the INS agent played by Michael McKean explains that he is pursuing Beldar not because he is an alien ( literally ! ) but because he ’s trying to get a job .
In the end , Beldar can remain on Earth only if he can demonstrate that he has a skill no human has ( and hence is n’t “ stealing one of our jobs ” ) .
Although the McKean character is a caricature , it ’s pretty accurate .
I never read of large - scale “ busts ” of illegal immigrants who are collecting welfare checks .
No , I only read of INS agents swarming into a factory where dozens of people were busting their foreign buns cranking out goods at low prices for American - born consumers .
So not only does our federal government spend lots of money going around burning pot plants , it also spends lots of money going around shutting down productive factories .
My only personal experience ( secondhand ) with the INS certainly left a bad taste in my mouth .
When I taught at Hillsdale College in southern Michigan , my wife and I joined a cooking club .
One of the other couples had just moved from Canada , because the husband had gotten a good job in Hillsdale ( not with the college ) .
In January that couple stopped coming to the dinners , and it turned out that the mother had taken the kids back to Canada to visit her family for Christmas , and then the border authorities would n’t let them back in the country .
Even though the father had a proper work visa , because they had a common law marriage in Canada , the U.S. government did n’t recognize the woman and kids as part of his family .
So the young kids had to start at a new school in Canada in the middle of the year , because it was clearly going to take months before the U.S. government decided they did n’t pose a threat to the country .
Finally , there is the very sobering point that I first saw Anthony Gregory make :
If you give the government the power to keep people out , they just might use those fences and guns to one day keep people in .
I ’m a lot more worried about government agents than I am about immigrants stealing some of my money ( with the help of government agents ) :
Robert P. Murphy holds a Ph.D. in economics from New York University .
He is the author of The Politically Incorrect Guide to the Great Depression and the New Deal ( Regnery , 2009 ) , and is the editor of the blog Free Advice .
This is a complicated story but one that must be told .
I 'm not sure there is anything that can be done about it except rage at the moon ...
But it needs to be told none the less .
Did I mention it gets complicated ?
It does , but it does so for a reason .
Let 's introduce the starting lineup .
The Players :
* Our Principal - In the US .
* An Indian Contracting Company
* A large computer / server company with three letters in their name .
* A large credit card company with four letters in their name .
* A friend of The Principal
The Principal is a guy who works with Linux Servers for a living .
He was contacted by the Indian Contracting Company and asked to apply for a project position through the large company with three letters in their name .
The contract was to patch the 1000 + linux servers with some proprietary SAN access software
With me so far ?
Ok ... so our Principal went through a grueling month - long process of applying for employment to be awarded this contract ... a lucrative contract at that .
Of course , when you 've been unemployed for any period of time , the term lucrative becomes relative .
He jumped through all the hoops ... ran the gauntlet so to speak , and came to the very last step ... a simple competency test to be taken online .
He was given the URL and instructed to complete the test and notify the Project Manager at the computer company with three letters in their name when finished .
He dutifully logged into the website and hit enter .
The page would not render .
At all .
Our Principal called the Project Manager and told her of the problem .
It was soon deduced that our Linux Server Guy was using Linux on the Desktop with Firefox .
Now , I 'm going to ask you to remember that he was dealing with a Project Manager that is employed by a huge computer / server company with three letters in their name .
She was in charge of switching a large credit card company with four letters in their name over to Linux Servers .
It is n't completely out of our realm of understanding that she did n't know what Linux on the desktop is .
I will give her that .
But I can not let slide her next inquiry :
" What 's this Foxfire thing ? "
You 've got to be kidding me ...
No really .
But wait ... it gets better , or worse ... depending on where you sit .
The Project Manager mentioned that she would ship our Principal a laptop with Windows / Internet Explorer to him so he could finish the process and begin work .
He was going to need it anyway to access MS Windows VPN only ... it was how they would access the large credit card company with four letters in their name network .
That was the setup for the project .
Not ideal , but it facilitated getting the job .
While waiting for his laptop to be over - nighted , our Principal decided that he might be able to contact someone who was in charge of the Windows / Internet Explorer site only , and see if there was something he could do at his end .
IE4 Linux had not worked and neither did trying to fool it into thinking Firefox was IE .
He called them and asked for tech support .
They did not have a tech support but did take his number down and assured him he would receive a call back .
Turns out this probably was n't the wisest move .
But who knew ?
The company that ran the testing website ended up calling the Project Manager at a large computer / server company with three letters in their name and relayed the information they had received from our Principal .
Within a couple of hours , our Principal received a phone call from the Indian Contracting Company and was informed the project had been canceled .
His services would no longer be required .
It stunk ... it stunk of high suspicion if not outright lies .
Our Principal had spent a month of his time securing this contract and rightfully suspicious , he called his friend ... the friend who had gotten him on the list for the project in the first place .
His friend made a couple calls .
His friend called him back within the hour .
The Project had not been canceled .
He had been fired .
The reason ?
The project manager reported that the Principal " refused to use Windows and Internet Explorer " .
Which was not true .
Not only was the Principal taken off the project list ...
It is reported that he has been blackballed from any future projects funded by this large computer / server company with three letters in their name .
So now let ME rage at the moon .
Because that 's all I can do ...
The irony ?
The " compentency test " was a Security & Privacy test from the four letter credit card company that HAD to be taken on MS Windows with IE ?
I 'll let you be the ones to point out the obvious ... the fact that this large computer / server company with three letters in their name is reportedly a " friend to Linux " .
I 'll let you talk about how a Linux Professional who uses Linux as their desktop environment was denied access to employment .
Employment that was based on his knowledge of Linux .
Yeah , the server side ... but still ...
Now let 's brag about how much ground Linux has made ...
And a Linux Project Manager for said company asking the question :
" What 's this Foxfire thing ? "
Time magazine has named the Motorola Droid the No. 1 gadget of 2009 , besting the iPhone 3GS and calling the handset the first to truly challenge Apple 's groundbreaking smartphone .
Time said that the Droid is the best hardware companion to Google 's Android mobile operating system yet , earning the phone its top honors for 2009 .
" The Droid is a hefty beast , a metal behemoth without the gloss and finish of the iPhone , but you do n't miss it , " the magazine said .
" The Droid 's touchscreen is phenomenally sharp and vivid , it has an actual physical ( not great , but good enough ) keyboard , and best of all , the Droid is on Verizon 's best - of - breed 3G network .
It 's Android 's first credible challenge to the iPhone . "
Apple 's iPhone still made the list , and earned praise .
But the device came in fourth , behind the Barnes & Noble Nook e-reader , and the Dyson Air Multiplier .
" Take the iPhone .
Make it faster .
There , you 're done , " the story said .
" Yes , the 3GS has a better camera â with video .
And it has a compass and voice control .
Those are all improvements over the original .
But the main point of , and the best thing about , the new iPhone is speed .
It has more of it .
Period . "
Hype surrounding the Droid continues to linger more than a month after the device first debuted .
This despite the fact that the handset managed to sell 100,000 units in its first weekend , compared with over a million units of the iPhone 3GS sold in its first three days at retail .
While comparisons between the Droid and iPhone are inevitable regardless , Motorola has encouraged them with a series of advertisements geared towards men .
One recent ad suggested the iPhone is feminine , comparing it to a " tiara - wearing digitally clueless beauty pageant queen . "
Motorola then portrays its Droid as a fast , efficient device that is n't worried about looks .
One recent study found that buzz surrounding the Droid had helped to propel the brand perception of Motorola beyond that of Apple for men ages 18 and up .
BOULDER , Colo . --
This city has always taken pride in its liberal - to - the - point - of - loony reputation .
But this Halloween , one of its wackiest traditions is under siege : the Naked Pumpkin Run .
The event is exactly what its name implies .
Scores of men and women pour into downtown streets for a late - night jog , wearing not a stitch between the jack - o'- lanterns on their heads and the sneakers on their feet .
For ...
The marketing of Tokyo has caused controversy An 18.2 % beer made by a controversial Scottish brewery should not be be sold by bars , clubs and shops across the UK , a watchdog has ruled .
The Portman Group said there had been complaints that a message on Fraserburgh - based BrewDog 's Tokyo * labels encouraged excessive drinking .
It is issuing a retailer alert and wants the marketing altered before Tokyo* - at £ 10 a bottle - can be sold .
BrewDog said Portman Group efforts should focus on targeting cheap brands .
The message on the label says people must , from time to time , have excess , and adds : " This beer is for those times . "
Portman Group Chief Executive David Poley said : " We do n't regulate the alcohol content of drinks but we do control how they are promoted .
It 's obviously unwise for any company to urge consumers to drink to excess .
" We wo n't allow any irresponsible marketing whether it's for a big brand or a niche product .
That 's why we 're taking action to restrict future sales of this beer . "
' Scotland 's problem '
However , BrewDog 's co-founder Martin Dickie said : " The Portman Group 's decision to ban Tokyo * highlights the misdirection of their organisation .
" Like all of our specialist beers it was only available online at our website and in five specialist beer retailers throughout the UK .
" They should perhaps concentrate their efforts on targeting the brands selling 24 cans of lager for £ 7 - where literal excess is contributing to Scotland 's problem with alcohol . "
The Portman Group said minimum pricing would benefit some companies because it would eliminate cheap competition but that did not necessarily mean it was an effective tactic to tackle problem drinking .
BrewDog was previously branded irresponsible for Tokyo* by Alcohol Focus Scotland , which complained to The Portman Group .
BrewDog themselves also complained , in what was said to be a bid to highlight the best ways to educate people about alcohol .
The brewery had then followed up Tokyo * with a low alcohol beer called Nanny State .
BrewDog then made headlines last week after it launched an even stronger beer at 32 % called Tactical Nuclear Penguin .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Roleplaying Tips Weekly E- Zine Issue # 473
On - The - Fly GMing Tips
This Week's Tips Summarized
On - The - Fly GMing Tips
Game Master Tips & Tricks
Johnn Four's GM Guide Books
A Brief Word From Johnn
Begrudging
Here is a bit of recent advice from Seth Godin :
I do n't know if this happens to you , but I 'm noticing it more and more .
Someone offers you a refund , or agrees to sell you something , or even hires you to do a project , but then spends a lot of time explaining that it 's a one time thing , or that it 's against policy or it's not even something they like to do .
What 's the point of agreeing to anything begrudgingly ?
Does it get your partner to do his best work ?
Does it increase the chances that you 'll get to win next time ?
If you 're going to do something , do it .
Go all in .
Doing it half - in makes no sense at all to me .
It 's a like a store that has so many rules and regulations about sales and exchanges that you wonder if they really want to be bothered to sell you anything at all .
Johnn's RPG interpretation :
Get to yes fast .
Go all in .
Celebrate the circumstances .
Add detail .
Add enthusiasm .
GM in the moment and stop thinking about what 's going to happen in two minutes or two hours .
Look players in the eye .
Improve your own body language .
Breathe deep .
Make a game of it .
I wrote a little more on this here :
Have a game - filled holiday season !
Cheers ,
Johnn Four ,
johnn@roleplayingtips.com
Facebook
Twitter
Friendfeed
StumbleUpon
Return to Contents
The Twilight Sector Campaign Setting Sourcebook Welcome to the raggedy edge of human space , The Orion Frontier .
This is the edge of human exploration .
Rimward from here ,
There be Dragons !
No star chart or encyclopedia tells us what lies beyond , only whispered tales of scouts and pirates provide us myth - inspired answers .
The Twilight Sector lies on the edge of the edge .
Filled with mystery and wonder , The Twilight Sector Campaign Setting Sourcebook introduces the new Traveller compatible campaign setting from Terra / Sol games .
Twilight Sector Campaign Setting Sourcebook at Studoi 2 Publishing Return to Contents
On - The - Fly GMing Tips
Guest article by Dariel R. A. Quiogue madmanscave.blogspot.com
Recently I ran a session as guest GM for a friend 's group , but thanks to being loaded with writing assignments just before game day I had almost no time to prepare at all .
I also expected no more than four players , but ended up with eight , which later became nine .
Thankfully , I had a bunch of adventure seeds in mind , some nicely proactive players , and some tools that aided on - the - fly GMing .
The players liked the cinematic nature of the game , and were surprised when I revealed my prep time .
Thinking back on what I did , I realized there were techniques there that other GMs may also find useful .
1. Have A Bunch Of Adventure Ingredients Ready
We were playing a game of pulp air adventure , where the players would be mercenary fighter pilots from the end of the Great War .
So I dug into my mental library of pulp tropes and came up with zeppelins , air pirates , and the Red Baron .
The key here is to have a bunch of plot elements and visuals you can throw together to create points of interest .
As long as you 're familiar with the genre or milieu of the game , it 's easy to come up with adventure ingredients quickly .
Raid movies and other media for visual ideas .
The innermost kernel of the adventure I thought up was the climactic scene from Flyboys , where you have this big swirling dogfight around a huge balloon .
2. Pick A Player And Hand Him The Ball
We kicked off the adventure by going right into one of the core elements of the pulp air adventure genre - a dogfight .
To get the players into the spirit of things , I introduced one of the PCs as a senior pilot of the merc squadron , and the situation was he was there to test the rookies .
This passed a goodly burden of the GMing load on the lead player , as all the other players were now responding to his cues .
In your games , you can select a player character as the lead - in to the adventure ; find something about that character that will give him or her the motivation to get all the others involved , and set up the scenario accordingly .
A side benefit of this is that the players will get more opportunities to roleplay with each other .
3. Give the Villain a Plan and Modus Operandi
Give your villain a goal and a means of accomplishing it .
The villain will execute the plan whether the PCs are there or not .
The adventure revolves around the PCs either finding out about the villain 's plans or getting involved through the villain 's execution of the plan .
In my adventure , the mock dogfight suddenly turned real when the squadron received an urgent radio message ( I introduced radios , though a bit anachronistic , so the PCs could interact during combat ) alerting them to a luxury liner zeppelin being attacked by air pirates .
The villains were trying to force it to dock with their as - yet unseen zeppelin carrier so they could rob the rich passengers - who were the cream of European society - and hold them for ransom .
The PCs thus had a chance to interfere with the villain 's plan .
4. Take Player Cues And Run With Them
One of my players gave his character the name of ' Sir Guise ' and roleplayed him with a British accent , so we agreed he was of the British aristocracy .
When they landed with the zeppelin , the wealthy passengers came pouring out to thank them ; I had one of the passengers recognize the aristocrat pilot and greet him by name .
To my surprise , the player said ' Hey Edward , old chap , how 're you doing ? '
Edward ?
British aristocracy ?
I had said the game was set in 1926 , so I quickly thought , Aha , THAT Edward !
Imagine the players ' surprise when I told them they 'd just saved the Prince of Wales .
This was not something I 'd planned at all .
The idea I had at the time was to have a rich Italian - Spanish heiress looking for a sunken galleon in the Caribbean .
But hey , having the Prince of Wales made an interesting plot hook !
I hinted that the Vulture Squadron would be very interested in kidnapping this prize .
Right on cue , the players cooked up a scheme to use the Prince as bait .
( It turned out the player was n't thinking of Edward VIII either , but Edward just happened to be the first British - sounding name he could think of ) .
5 . The World Is Your Character
Think of the whole milieu as your character .
Every NPC , location and object the PCs interact with is just a facet of that mega - character that you 're running .
You can have it respond to player character words and actions in a fluid , lifelike way by coming up with details you know are appropriate to the milieu at any time because you know the milieu so well .
And just as individual characters have a purpose , so the world - as - mega - character has its own : to engage the PCs .
Depending on how they interact with your world , the world can challenge them , provide clues and info , and spring surprises that twist the story of the game in wonderful new directions , as that player did with his casual drop of a name .
Return to Contents
Campaign Cultures And Equipment : More Than Dwarven Axes And Elvish Bows
By Alric , originally posted at The RPG Athenaeum
During the course of the past several decades , fantasy games and literature have established associations between certain archetypical fantasy creatures and their equipment .
Legacy and current editions of the Dungeons & Dragons game , for example , have linked elves with bows and longswords , connected dwarves with axes and hammers , and associated halflings with slings and daggers .
Such archetypical armament is so deeply ingrained into gamers ' minds that it is the exception , not the rule , that makes D&D players suspicious : arm an elf with a two - handed war hammer and many players will think it is an illusion or shape - changer .
Fortunately , the connection between campaign cultures and equipment does n't have to begin and end with dwarves , elves and halflings .
A dungeon master can create similar associations for all cultures in a D&D campaign , thereby improving sense - of - place without radical changes in game mechanics .
This article discusses several approaches for accomplishing the task , resulting in greater dramatic flavor in the game .
Weapons
The types of weaponry carried by characters can speak volumes about the cultures from which they hail .
When deciding the typical weaponry of a given campaign culture , the DM may consider the following :
The impact of profession .
The predominant terrain of an area can dictate common occupations , which can affect a character 's choice of weaponry .
Mountain - dwellers , for example , often engage in mining ; since they work with picks and hammers throughout the day , it is logical that characters from hilly or mountainous areas may favor military versions of hammers and picks .
For the same reason , plainsmen who subsist by hunting would likely employ " occupational weapons " like the bow and spear .
Mountain - dwellers , for example , often engage in mining ; since they work with picks and hammers throughout the day , it is logical that characters from hilly or mountainous areas may favor military versions of hammers and picks .
For the same reason , plainsmen who subsist by hunting would likely employ " occupational weapons " like the bow and spear .
The functionality of the weapon for the terrain .
In an age when few people travel more than a few miles from home , it is logical to assume they will carry weapons suited for their home environments .
Swamp - dwellers may favor maces for crushing large insects , centipedes and other " creepy - crawlies , " while few forest - dwellers carry greatswords , since there is seldom enough space in their home terrain to wield such weapons properly .
Swamp - dwellers may favor maces for crushing large insects , centipedes and other " creepy - crawlies , " while few forest - dwellers carry greatswords , since there is seldom enough space in their home terrain to wield such weapons properly .
Availability of superior materials .
In our own history , certain regions became well - known for exceptional craftsmanship of different weaponry types .
Steel weapons from Toledo or Damascus were highly valued during the Middle Ages , and English longbows were especially feared during the Hundred Years War .
If the DM concludes that superior raw materials for weapon - smithing can be found in a certain area , the locals are probably famous for creating exceptional weapons of the appropriate type .
Steel weapons from Toledo or Damascus were highly valued during the Middle Ages , and English longbows were especially feared during the Hundred Years War .
If the DM concludes that superior raw materials for weapon - smithing can be found in a certain area , the locals are probably famous for creating exceptional weapons of the appropriate type .
The impact of cultural values on weapon type .
A culture 's attitude toward combat can affect typical weapon choices .
In this writer 's campaign , for example , the Clurgish Warbrides , known for their vicious fighting style , prefer to face foes hand - to - hand ; they consider the use of ranged weapons to be an act of cowardice .
The entire Clurgish military echoes this sentiment , as only the very young or very old serve as archers in the Clurgish army .
Other cultures may favor weapon types wielded by deities or famous historical figures .
Cultural attitudes about warfare can also impact weapon quality ; for example , a longsword issued by an empire that mass - produces its weaponry would be very different from a longsword forged by an elite group of warrior - monks .
Equipment
Apart from decorative motifs - such as carved dragon images visible on equipment belonging to a character whose nation 's battle standard depicts a dragon - campaign culture can have a deeper impact on the selection and appearance of a character 's equipment .
Consider the following :
Availability of materials .
In a swamp setting , for example , quality leather is hard to find .
Fortunately , swamp - dwellers do n't need quality leather , since it quickly deteriorates and grows mold in damp conditions .
Thus , it is unlikely that any of the locals would own a leather backpack , but packs made from serpent hide , wicker or reeds will be much more common in the area .
Although there is technically no difference in game mechanics between a leather pack or wicker pack , a hero 's choice of equipment can tell others whether he or she is one of the locals .
Although there is technically no difference in game mechanics between a leather pack or wicker pack , a hero 's choice of equipment can tell others whether he or she is one of the locals .
Cultural values .
From what has already been written about the Clurgish Clansmen , it 's easy to imagine that they produce some of the finest weapon sheaths and baldrics for hundreds of miles .
It 's also easy to imagine that their pottery might not be very good , since so much of the society 's attention is devoted to preparation for and conduct of war .
In fact , people with unfit or asymmetrical physiques are sometimes described as being " shaped like a Clurgish pot " as an insult .
Cultural values affect more than just quality of certain items , though ; sometimes , they lead to the creation of entirely unique items of equipment .
Characters from a mercantile society , for instance , may routinely carry a type of hand tool useful for cinching loading straps on beasts of burden .
* * *
Admittedly , accounting for these details wo n't affect the mechanics of game play , and individually , they wo n't matter much in a D&D game .
But the sum of several of these small changes can have a lasting impact upon the way players see a D&D setting .
Return to Contents
Game Master Tips & Tricks
Have some GM advice you 'd like to share ?
E-mail it to johnn@roleplayingtips.com - thanks !
1. Name Things Based On Their Meaning
From : Philip McKinney
When describing a person , place or thing , players might not ( most likely will not ) remember much more than the name and any combat related stats or abilities .
This is a shame .
For example , I have just given the party thief a +1 masterwork dagger with Icy Burst ( +1d6 cold damage in addition to reg. damage ) and + 2 to hide while actively being used .
It could be the Stealth Dagger , or the Iceshard or Coldfang .
There is nothing wrong with those names , but with a couple moments of thought , it could become the Piccare Stiletto .
Piccare is a word in vulgar Latin meaning to pierce .
Now the item has a name with meaning , and you can share that with the players .
How do you find the names and words to use ?
I go through one or both of the following steps .
First , I might take some of the words I am thinking of using to describe the thing or place I want to name , and put them through an online dictionary .
Those dictionaries offer the root or origins of words .
A thesaurus can lead you to other descriptive words .
Here is the origin of the word trivial : 1400 - 50 ; trivialis belonging to the crossroads or street corner , hence commonplace , equiv. to tri- tri- + vi( a ) road + - alis -al .
Here are the stats on some armor I created using to fit the name Trivalis Armor :
The name , roughly translated from Latin ( trivi lis ) means ordinary .
Indeed , this leather looks like simple , well - crafted suit of armor .
There are no special details to the flat dark brown color of the armor , and except for the exceptional craftsmanship which can only be discerned upon close inspection , none would of this armor 's extraordinary powers .
+1 masterwork leather armor .
It has no magical aura .
Once per week it can be changed to look like one of the following : artisan 's clothing , aristocrat 's clothing , or merchant 's clothing ( specifics at the user 's discretion ) .
While under the influence of the illusion , offers the wearer + 5 to bluff and diplomacy .
While wearing merchant or aristocrat 's clothing also give same bonus to intimidate checks .
Adds + 2 to all move silently checks .
Do n't you think Trivalis is much better than the " Sneaky Armor of Disguise " ?
Second , I utilize online translators .
They take a little longer , but can yield some great results .
This is especially true if you want to give a certain cultural flair to a city or country your players are visiting , or even just a quirk for an NPC .
Think of words we use every day ( in game or out ) and see what other words could be easily used :
Sword
German : schwert
French : épée
Italian : s. spada ; ( fig ) forza militare , armi ; guerra
Mountain
German : berg ; haufen
French : montagne ; monceau , tas
Italian : montagna , monte ; mucchio , ( fam ) sacco
Armor
German : v. rüsten ; ausrüsten n. Panzer , Rüstung
French : v. s'armaturer , se mettre une armure n. armure
Italian : v. corazzare , blindare s. armatura
Blood
German : n. Blut ; Feindschaft v. Blut speien
French : sang
Italian : s. sangue ; stirpe , discendenza ; sangue reale ; temperamento , indole ; assassinio , morte ; ( fam ) damerino , ( spreg ) zerbinotto ; libertino v. ( Venat ) assuefare al gusto del sangue ; instradare , avviare , iniziare
Whether it is naming a place , or changing a simple word or two that an NPC might use , all can add a little more color and interest to your game .
Until next time , I wish you all good gaming I miei amici ( Italian for " my friends " ) .
Return to Contents
2. Track Conditions Using White Marker On Minis
From : Chris Beukeveld , Great Victory Widgets Ltd .
We 've all done it .
The action is fast and frenzied and we lose track of which bad guy is slowed and which is stunned ; which got critted twice and which is unscathed .
Player : " That guy is n't bloodied yet !?
I hit him for at least 100 hp and he 's got ongoing 10 ! "
DM ( sheepishly ) : " Oh that guy , er um , yeah he died 2 rounds ago , sorry . "
Player 2 : " And I though this mage was silenced , but he killed me with some kind of Shrieking Death last round . "
Player 3 : " Well if he 's not dead I 'm not going to move towards him to heal him . "
Player 4 : " Arrgg , I wasted my teleport spell ! "
DM : " Um , right , sorry , so you 're not dead , and instead he 'll move here and ... um , can we rewind 2 rounds ? "
I 've been using our White Dungeon Marker to number bad guys during combat .
The markers are easy to erase and work great .
All my players can see if there 's a spell or condition in effect .
When the effect ends , I wipe the writing off with a damp paper towel .
Works like a charm , no more getting bad guys mixed up .
" Oh , you were going after THAT guy , uh yeah , he died three rounds ago , sorry . "
See some example pics :
Return to Contents
3. RPGSoundMixer Tip
From : John Walker
I use RPG - SoundMixer
It is a great tool that lets you store sound bites and create libraries of ambient sounds .
Libraries play non-cyclical since you can set the software to random sounds and the probability for each .
It also allows activating events with a single key stroke and many other great things .
It has a great demo and plenty of sound libraries to get you started .
If you are willing to dig in the German site there are even more .
Return to Contents
4. Handling Split Parties
From : Johnn Four
Andrew asks : I 'm planning a pretty good science fiction game that will most likely involve party splits during a good percentage of the game .
While this seems like it might be a bad idea , is there any way to make party splits work without ruining the game for the players ?
Johnn 's answer :
Hi Andrew .
This topic has been covered in the Roleplaying Tips ezine in the past .
Check out these tips and let me know if you still have any unresolved questions .
Return to Contents
5. Tact - Tiles Are Back
From : Darryl Hodgson
I recall the plastic tiles made some years ago but heard the company did not make it .
In looking around I found another item just like them but clear - very cool .
Check it out .
www.greatvictorywidgets.com
Return to Contents
Kubuntu 20.04.1 LTS
The latest Long Term Support ( LTS ) version of the Kubuntu operating system for desktop PCs and laptops , Kubuntu 20.04 LTS supported with security and maintenance updates , until April 2023 .
Kubuntu 20.04 LTS release notes
Whether it is trying to blast a Lotus sports car off the road with an Apache helicopter , or using an RAF Typhoon to race the world ’s fastest road car , no series of Top Gear would be complete without some sort of high - octane cameo from our armed forces .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
With a regular audience of more than 5 million viewers ( and a further 350 million worldwide ) defence chiefs are more than aware of the BBC show ’s potential as a recruiting sergeant at a time when new recruits are very much in demand .
Which might explain why the Ministry of Defence is so keen to help out on the show .
The sheer scale of the MoD 's cooperation with Top Gear was revealed last night in response to a Freedom of Information request from the Press Association which showed that military personnel have been involved in filming the equivalent of 141 man days , whilst civilian officials spent 48 days working on items for the programme .
Defence officials did not say how much money the stunts with Top Gear had cost the tax payer and have insisted that they took place within set training days at no extra expense .
Over the past five years equipment worth billions of pounds has been used in a series of major setpieces which have usually revolved around soldiers firing at or racing fast cars driven by the show ’s main presenter Jeremy Clarkson .
Ministry of Defence officials quickly defended their involvement in the show which they said was a valuable way of raising the public ’s awareness of what the armed forces do .
But the revelations come at a time when service personnel are becoming increasingly critical at what they believe is a lack of critical equipment on the front line in Afghanistan .
Matthew Elliott , Chief Executive of the TaxPayers ’
Alliance , questioned whether the Top Gear appearances were a valuable use of the armed forces ’ time .
“ Given how overstretched the Army ’s resources are , you have to wonder if this is the best use of time , troops and equipment , ” he said .
“ These filming sessions may only cost the same as any other training exercise , but filming Top Gear is hardly the same standard of training as the troops normally have to pursue .
Chasing Jeremy Clarkson round in a tank may be good fun , but it ’s hardly the top priority for military resources at the minute . ”
Last week there was widespread anger following the revelation through another Freedom of Information request which showed that civil servants at the Ministry of Defence were paid £ 47 m in bonuses during the first seven months of the financial year .
Keen to avoid similar criticism last night an MoD spokesman insisted that “ in no circumstances ” were resources diverted from operations for the events .
“ The filming utilised scheduled training hours and resources which would have been consumed irrespective of the BBC filming or not , and were therefore used at no additional cost to MoD , ” he said .
“ Having these events appear on one of the most popular television programmes in the UK was an excellent opportunity to raise public awareness of the Armed Forces and enable greater understanding and support for our sailors , soldiers and aircrew . ”
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Officials insist that involving the army in such a prime time show is actually a very efficient way of advertising the armed forces compared to a standard television commercial which would cost anything up to £ 50,000 per 30 seconds .
Top Gear ’s most prominent presenter Jeremy Clarkson is a staunch supporter of the armed forces and became a founding patron of the Help for Heroes charity alongside his wife Francie and General Sir Richard Dannatt .
Last night the revelation of many military man hours have gone in to Top Gear was causing much amusement amongst personnel on the Army Rumour Service web forum .
One soldier joked : “ It ’s good PR for the army … and a pity they ca n’t use real bullets against Clarkson and Co . ”
* The armed forces ’ Top Gear debut began in 2004 with Jeremy Clarkson racing a Lotus Exige against an Apache helicopter .
The idea was to see if the Lotus could do a lap of the Top Gear test track before the Apache ’s sophisticated missile radar locked on to it .
The Lotus did manage to outrun the helicopter although the pilot later admitted in real life he would have simply switched to the Apache ’s canon and cut the car in half .
n With a top speed of 253.5 mph the Bugatti Veyron is the world ’s fastest road car .
So Richard Hammond decided to race the RAF ’s newest fighter jet , the Typhoon , in a two mile drag race .
The Typhoon won .
n Unable to decide between a Porsche and a Mercedes , in 2005 Clarkson decided to elist the help of the Irish Guards .
He drove through an abandoned village , they shot at him ( with blanks ) , and whichever car got him through the village with the fewest confirmed hits would win .
In the Porsche Clarkson was hit six times , in the Mercedes he was hit 13 times .
Sutro Tower is the Bay Area ’s most visible icon .
Antennas on the 977 - foot - high steel tower safely deliver clear signals throughout the San Francisco Bay Area for television and radio stations ; essential communication services for public safety , transportation and other agencies or private providers ; and unique , non -stop transmission opportunities for emerging technologies .
Sutro
Tower is used by 10 television stations , 3 FM radio stations , satellite and cable providers , and nearly two dozen public and commercial wireless communication services .
Signals originate from each TV station ’s studio , are delivered to the Sutro Tower transmission building by microwave or fiber optic cable , amplified in its transmitter equipment and sent up the tower to the antenna , which transmits the signal throughout the region .
Sutro Tower is owned by Sutro Tower Inc. , which manages the structure and the leasing and use of its spaces .
Israel 's annexation of East Jerusalem has not been recognised internationally
Israeli authorities have bulldozed a Palestinian - owned building in occupied East Jerusalem reported to have been home to two Palestinian families .
The demolition came a day after the US said it objected to Palestinian homes being destroyed in the area .
Israel says demolition orders are issued for buildings that do not have a valid construction permit .
Palestinians say these are impossible to obtain .
UN officials have warned that such demolitions violate international law .
Israel occupied East Jerusalem in 1967 war and annexed it soon afterwards in a move that has not been recognised internationally .
The government disputes that East Jerusalem is occupied territory .
Palestinian reports said there were also two commercial premises in the building that was bulldozed .
The Israeli human rights group , B'Tselem , says the Israeli authorities have demolished more than 400 Palestinian - owned homes in East Jerusalem since 2004 , citing a lack of building permits .
" Israel says that it is uniting Jerusalem .
In reality , it is dividing Jerusalem through a series of discriminatory policies and laws , " said chief Palestinian negotiator , Saeb Erekat .
The Problem with Warp Drive
Paul Titze , who somehow finds time to write the excellent Captain InterStellar blog when not preoccupied with his maritime duties in Sydney , passed along a 2009 paper on warp drives yesterday that I want to be sure to consider before the year is over .
Warp drives as in Miguel Alcubierre ’s notion of a method of reaching speeds that are faster than light .
The Star Trek echo in the choice of names was playful and intentional on Alcubierre ’s part , and the physicist kicked off a cottage industry in exotic spacetimes and their geometries when he used it in a 1994 paper on superluminal flight .
Specifically , Alcubierre noted that although nothing can move faster than the speed of light through spacetime , spacetime itself has no such restriction .
That notion is more or less built into the theory of inflation , which demands a vast expansion of the infant cosmos that would have far outstripped any lightspeed restriction .
And Alcubierre saw that if spacetime could be made to contract in front of a vehicle while being expanded behind it , the craft would remain within a conventional spacetime ‘ bubble ’ while being carried to its destination at speeds that would allow fast human transport among the stars .
There ’s always a catch , of course , and the first to be noticed was the huge demand for negative energy to support the warp drive .
While that issue has been kicked around in the literature for some time ( and various solutions introduced to lower the requirements ) , it is also necessary to take quantum effects into account , which is what Stefano Finazzi ( International School for Advanced Studies , Trieste ) and colleagues have done in their paper .
In particular , Finazzi ’s team finds that the quantum field known as the renormalized stress - energy tensor ( RSET ) becomes a problem .
From the paper :
… it was noticed that to an observer within the warp - drive bubble , the backward and forward walls ( along the direction of motion ) look , respectively , like the horizon of a black hole and of a white hole .
By imposing over the spacetime a quantum state which is vacuum at the null infinities … it was found that the renormalized stress - energy tensor ( RSET ) diverges at the horizons .
Independently of the availability of exotic matter to build the warp drive in the first place , the existence of a divergence of the RSET at the horizons would be telling us that it is not possible to create a warp - drive geometry within the context of semiclassical GR : Semiclassical effects would destroy any superluminal warp drive .
The ‘ bubble ’ housing our starship , in other words , becomes unstable under these conditions .
But this is hardly the last of our problems .
Assuming that this instability could be avoided by some kind of external action on the warp drive bubble , Finazzi ’s team argues that Hawking radiation at the center of the bubble will burn the occupants to a crisp with temperatures in the area of 1032 K .
If this highly detailed argument is correct , the Alcubierre warp drive will remain what it has been up to this point , a useful way to study general relativity and quantum field theory in curved spacetimes , with little possibility of being translated into technology .
Is there any hope for warp drive ?
Perhaps , says Finazzi , though not on the level of Star Trek - style vessels making interstellar journeys in mere days :
…we think that this work is casting strong doubts about the semiclassical stability of superluminal warp drives .
Of course , all the aforementioned problems disappear when the bubble remains subluminal .
In that case no horizons form , no Hawking radiation is created , and neither strong temperature nor white horizon instability is found .
The only remaining problem is that one would still need the presence of some amount of exotic matter to maintain the subluminal drive .
A subluminal warp drive may not sound quite the exotic note of the classic Alcubierre drive , but in any other circumstances attaining a substantial percentage of the speed of light would seize the imagination .
So perhaps a subluminal warp drive will continue to play a role in interstellar thinking , even if its energy demands remain hugely problematic .
The paper is Finazzi et al. , “ Semiclassical instability of dynamical warp drives , ” Physical Review D 79 , 124017 ( 2009 ) .
Abstract and preprint available .
What do starfish , salamanders , and the Hulk have in common ?
They all have the power of regeneration .
Starfish can regenerate their legs ; salamanders can do that and a few better by regrowing their tail , and parts of their heart and eyes .
The Hulk , well , the Hulk can regenerate it all .
We ordinary humans are not so lucky .
If we lose something , it 's gone for good , unless , that is , we happen to have a brother working in the field of regenerative medicine .
Los Angeles , California ( CNN ) --
Protesters of a tuition hike at University of California campuses stood their ground into Friday night , with 41 demonstrators at UC Berkeley cited for trespassing after their takeover of a campus building .
Nearly 100 protesters at UC campuses have been arrested over the past two days in the demonstrations over a 32 percent tuition increase .
The demonstrators , students and nonstudents alike , were cited for trespassing , spokeswoman Claire Holmes told CNN .
Holmes said those arrested would be cited and released rather than taken to jail , per agreement with student leaders .
Three students were arrested earlier at Berkeley in the wake of protests across several campuses that have shaken up the University of California system a day after officials approved a tuition increase to be enacted over the next two school years .
University officials said the $ 505 million to be raised by the tuition increases is needed to prevent even deeper cuts than those already made because of California 's persistent financial crisis .
Protesting students said the hike will hurt working and middle - class students who benefit from state - funded education .
The first tuition hike , which takes effect in January , will raise undergraduate tuition to $ 8,373 .
The second hike kicks in next fall , raising tuition to $ 10,302 , said university spokeswoman Leslie Sepuka .
Students who live on campus could pay up to an estimated $ 17,200 in additional fees that include the annual cost of books and housing , according to the system 's July 2008 finance guide .
The January increase of about 15 percent is more than double the average public university tuition hike last year .
On average , tuition and fees at four - year public universities nationwide increased 6.5 percent , or to $ 7,020 , since the previous school year , according to data from College Board .
Students eligible for financial aid and whose families make under $ 70,000 will have their tuition covered , the university said .
Caitlin Lawrence Toombs , a UCLA student , told CNN she'd have to request additional loans to pay for school and that with her brother starting at Berkeley soon the cost would place a heavier burden on her family .
She , too , participated in the student outcries against the increase , she said .
And many other students had yet to back down Friday .
On the Santa Cruz campus -- where building occupations began last week with a library sit-in -- about 100 students staged a sit-in in the second - floor lobby of Kerr Hall soon after hearing the tuition hike had been approved , according to UC Santa Cruz Provost David Kliger .
Many remained there Friday afternoon .
The demonstrators made demands , Kliger said without listing them .
They would not keep exits clear and broke into some parts of the building , he said , adding they are trespassing and could be arrested .
In addition , the students could face suspension or expulsion .
" We cherish the principle of free speech , " Kliger said .
" Regrettably , these actions go well beyond that . "
At UC Berkeley on Friday morning , students occupied the second floor of Wheeler Hall , UC Berkeley spokeswoman Janet Gilmore said .
Campus police broke through a barricaded of furniture and office equipment on the ground floor and arrested three students , she said .
The protesters demanded the reinstatement of 38 custodial staff members recently laid off , according to a Berkeley news release .
The demonstrators also asked for amnesty and for a drop of charges against any protesters .
Are you there ?
Share your images , video
An additional 250 demonstrators remained outside Wheeler Hall into the night , according to Holmes .
Authorities arrested dozens of angry students on the campus late Thursday after they refused to vacate the school 's administration building .
The 52 students were taken into custody by the Davis Police Department and deputies from the Yolo County Sheriff 's Department , according to Claudia Morain , a UC Davis spokeswoman .
The arrests at Mrak Hall , the campus ' main administration building , came about four hours after the normal 5 p.m. PT ( 8 p.m. ET ) closing time .
At one point , as many as 150 students were at the building protesting the tuition increase , Morain said .
UCLA 's Campbell Hall was occupied for several hours Thursday evening , a school spokesman said .
The takeover was not planned or sanctioned by the main protest organizer -- the United State Student Association , according to USSA representative Gabby Madriz .
The same building was briefly occupied Wednesday night by several dozen student protesters , according to a UCLA news release .
The building was the site of the 1969 shooting deaths of two Black Panther Party members during an internal dispute , according to the release .
The UCLA campus was the scene of the largest and loudest demonstrations Thursday .
" We 're fired up .
Ca n't take it no more , " students chanted as they marched and waved signs at UCLA .
" Education only for the rich , " one sign read .
Some faculty members and campus workers -- worried about furloughs and layoffs to come -- joined the protesting students .
" Stop cuts in education and research , " a sign carried by a teacher said .
After the regents voted , students rushed to parking decks to stage a sit - in to block regents ' vehicles from leaving .
Campus police and California Highway Patrol officers in riot gear stood nearby .
As one regent member walked out , students lining his path shouted , " Shame on you , shame on you . "
The situation ended without incident as students gradually left the scene .
University executives told the regents the fee hikes are needed because they 've already made deep spending cuts in the past two years -- cuts forced by the state budget .
About 26 percent of the $ 20 billion spent each year by the system comes from the state 's general fund coupled with tuition and fees paid by students , according to a summary on the regent 's Web site .
The fee increases are to be balanced by a raise in " the level of financial assistance for needy low - and middle - income students , " according to a statement from the Board of Regents .
The tuition hike is expected to raise $ 505 million for the university system , and about $ 175 million of that money is to go toward student financial aid , the board said .
CNN 's Alan Duke , Augie Martin , Greg Morrison and Lynn Lamanivong contributed to this report .
by Aphrodite Lee
Chilly nights are upon us , but by no means should we just hibernate and wait out the cold wishing for Spring ’s sweet kiss .
This is the perfect time of year to institute family game night .
If you do n’t already have this night set up as part of your regular routine , falling temps is an excellent opportunity to get it going .
Craving something more than just a night with the kids ?
Why not have a few friends come over for a pot luck dinner and great conversation .
Even a game or two !
You come up with the theme and then run with it .
I say any excuse for a party is always a good one !
You can wow your guests with this awesome drink recipe that everyone will surely love .
The original recipe actually takes about 6 months ( and sometimes longer ) before it is ready .
Fortunately this variation is much simpler and less time consuming .
Have fun with this !
HARVEST MOONSHINE
What You Need :
6 cups water
3 cans cranberry juice concentrate
1 can frozen orange juice concentrate
1 quart apple juice
1 cup lemon juice
1 cup brown sugar
1 cup rum ( or 3 tablespoons rum flavoring )
6 cinnamon sticks
1 teaspoon nutmeg
25 whole cloves
3 apples
2 oranges
What You Need To Do :
* In a LARGE pot add water , brown sugar , cinnamon sticks , nutmeg and cloves then bring to a boil over high heat .
* Reduce heat and let simmer 6 – 7 minutes .
* Strain to remove all spices .
* Add apples and oranges ( sliced ) , apple juice , lemon juice , cranberry and orange juice concentrate and all other remaining ingredients then cook over medium heat until mixture is thoroughly blended .
* Remove from heat and let stand for approximately 5 minutes then get out your mugs and serve !
Enjoy and please drink responsibly .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pocket
Pinterest
Email
Print
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
The House Ethics Committee is investigating Rep. Maxine Waters ( D - Los Angeles ) , who has come under scrutiny because of her husband ’s ties to a bank that received federal bailout funds .
The panel ’s chairwoman and ranking member announced the committee was extending by 45 days a determination on whether it would conduct a more thorough review of Waters ’ conduct , but they declined to say what was being investigated .
Waters , one of Los Angeles ’ most enduring liberal politicians , also declined to comment .
Word of the investigation came as the committee announced that it was delaying an inquiry into whether Rep. Jesse L. Jackson Jr. ( D - Ill. ) or his representatives tried to secure the Senate seat vacated by President Obama by promising to raise campaign cash for disgraced former Illinois Gov. Rod R. Blagojevich .
The panel cited an ongoing federal investigation in Chicago .
Both matters were referred to the committee , evenly divided between Democratic and Republican lawmakers , by the Office of Congressional Ethics , created by the House last year in response to criticism that lawmakers have been reluctant to vigorously investigate their own .
The new office -- which can initiate reviews of alleged misconduct on its own or in response to allegations brought to its attention by the public -- refers matters to the committee if it determines they warrant further investigation .
Advertisement
Waters was in the spotlight earlier this year because Massachusetts - based OneUnited Bank received $ 12 million in bailout funds , three months after the congresswoman , a senior member of the congressional committee that oversees banking , helped arrange a meeting between officials of the bank and other minority - owned financial institutions and Treasury Department representatives .
Waters ’ husband , Sidney Williams , served on the bank board until early last year and held at least $ 350,000 in investments in the bank last year , according to the congresswoman ’s most recent financial disclosure report .
Waters defended her efforts as in keeping with her longtime work to promote opportunity for minority - owned businesses and lending in underserved communities .
She said that OneUnited received bailout funds based on the merits of its request , not political influence , and she said that she had disclosed her husband ’s ties to the bank .
In its announcement on Jackson , the ethics panel made public for the first time allegations that he used his congressional staff in Chicago and Washington to mount a “ public campaign ” for the open seat in possible violation of federal law and House rules .
Advertisement
The Justice Department asked the committee to hold off from pursuing a full - blown inquiry of Jackson until after Blagojevich ’s trial , scheduled for next year , saying it would “ pose a significant risk of interfering with the pending criminal proceedings and ongoing investigation . ”
Blagojevich was indicted on federal corruption charges in April .
Jackson ’s name first surfaced in December after Blagojevich ’s arrest , with the then - governor secretly recorded saying that an emissary from Jackson had offered to raise $ 1 million for Blagojevich ’s reelection campaign if he appointed Jackson to the Senate seat that eventually went to Roland W. Burris .
Jackson has denied any wrongdoing .
--
Advertisement
richard.simon@latimes.com
Not sure if they knew it was a joke , they never cracked a smile .
Itmade me laugh , though
Women with denser breasts had a 21 % risk of cancer recurrence .
Women treated for breast cancer are at a higher risk of a relapse if they have " dense " breasts , say researchers .
Those with denser breasts are four times more likely to see their cancer return , compared to women with less dense breasts , says the journal Cancer The Canadian authors advise that women with the densest breasts should have radiotherapy while the women with less dense breasts could be spared .
Experts say further studies are necessary before any treatment change .
The potential to spare women , without dense tissue , radiotherapy is a very attractive prospect - but further studies will be necessary to be sure that this is safe practice
Stephen Duffy , Cancer Research UK
The researchers from the Women 's College Hospital in Toronto , Canada , looked at the medical records of 335 women who underwent surgery for invasive breast cancer and for whom a pre-treatment mammogram was available .
Patients ' breasts were categorised as low density , intermediate or high .
The researchers used the Wolfe scale which classifies breast tissue as seen on a mammogram .
Low density means less than 25 % dense tissue , intermediate density means 25 - 50 % dense tissue and high density means more than 50 % dense tissue .
Greater risk Breast density was higher in the younger women in the study , which surveyed women with an average age of 63.5 years .
The women in the high density group experienced a much greater risk of breast cancer returning .
Over a 10 year period , they had a 21 % risk of cancer recurrence , compared to a 5 % risk for women with the least dense breasts .
After 10 years , the difference in the rates of disease recurrence for women who did not receive radiotherapy after surgery was more pronounced , with 40 % of women with high density breasts experiencing cancer recurrence compared with none of the women with the lowest density of breasts .
The authors said their findings indicated that women with low breast density , may not need radiotherapy , but that women with high breast density could significantly benefit from the therapy .
' Breast density modifiable '
The researchers believe the hormonal profile of denser breast tissue makes it more susceptible to cancer .
By being able to determine which women may or may not benefit from radiotherapy it may be possible to offer more tailored treatment
Maria Leadbetter , Breast Cancer Care Dr Steven Narod , of the Women 's College Hospital in Toronto , Canada , said : " The composition of the breast tissue surrounding the breast cancer is important in predicting whether or not a breast cancer will return after surgery .
" Breast density has been found to be modifiable to some extent by physical activity and hormone therapy . "
' Attractive prospect ' Stephen Duffy , Cancer Research UK 's professor of screening , said : " This is intriguing .
" One reason for this could be that we know breast density increases the risk of a breast cancer in the first place , so it may simply increase the risk of a second one .
" Another possibility is that the dense tissue makes it more likely that other areas of cancer in the breast are not visible at initial diagnosis and so are not removed when surgery takes place .
" The potential to spare women who do not have dense tissue from radiotherapy is a very attractive prospect .
But further studies will be necessary to be sure that this is safe practice . "
Maria Leadbetter , clinical nurse specialist at Breast Cancer Care , said : " By being able to determine which women may or may not benefit from radiotherapy it may be possible to offer more tailored treatment .
" It could also reduce the total number of women having radiotherapy , which can have significant long - term side effects . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
UK considered Iran , Libya , North Korea bigger threats than Iraq
British Prime Minister Tony Blair was told ten days before the invasion of Iraq that Saddam Hussein ’s weapons of mass destruction programs likely remained “ dismantled , ” but the prime minister continued to insist that Iraq was producing chemical and biological weapons , a British inquiry heard Wednesday .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ With British and US troops massed on the border , the new intelligence was dismissed , ” reports the Times of London .
Sir William Ehrman , the director of international security at the UK ’s Foreign Office from 2000 to 2002 , told the British government ’s inquiry into the Iraq invasion that “ on March 10 we got a report saying that the chemical weapons might have remained disassembled and that Saddam had n’t yet ordered their re-assembly and he might lack warheads capable of effective dispersal of agents . ”
The US and Britain led the Iraq invasion on March 20 , 2003 , ten days after that report .
As the Guardian notes , “ in the government ’s dossier on Iraqi weapons , published that month , Blair wrote that he believed intelligence assessments had established “ beyond doubt ” that Saddam was continuing to produce chemical and biological weapons – an assertion repeated up to the invasion . ”
The revelations will likely cast more dark clouds on the historical legacy of Tony Blair , who was credited with revitalizing Britain ’s sagging leftist Labour Party after two decades of electoral losses to the Conservatives , but whose reputation has been scarred by lingering questions about his undying support for the Bush administration ’s push for an invasion of Iraq .
Among the things the Chilcot Inquiry , as it is known , is to determine is whether Blair misled the British public in the run-up to the war .
Yesterday ’s testimony from Sir William increases the chances that the answer to that question will be yes .
ADVERTISEMENT
BIGGER FISH TO FRY ?
The inquiry was also told that the UK ’s Foreign Office did n’t consider Saddam Hussein ’s Iraq to be the biggest threat to global security .
“ The inquiry was told that Iraq was ranked by the Foreign Office as only the fourth most dangerous of rogue states trying to develop weapons of mass destruction in 2001 , ” reports the UK ’s Daily Telegraph .
“ Iran , North Korea and Libya were of greater concern to officials , who were confident that weapons inspections during the 1990s had dismantled Iraq ’s nuclear capability . ”
According to the Times , the inquiry also heard that UN weapons inspector Hans Blix told the British government in February , 2003 , that “ Saddam might not have weapons of mass destruction .
Mr Blair continued to say there was a risk to national security from WMD without mentioning the new intelligence . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Blair is scheduled to testify before the inquiry next year .
The amusement and glee many prominent conservatives displayed at the US ’s loss of the 2016 Olympics to Brazil may have seemed like a harmless bit of partisan bickering , but underlying that attitude is a dangerous attempt to subvert US foreign policy at a critical time , left - wing bloggers are saying .
It is a generally accepted — though sometimes broken — rule of politics that competing parties criticize each other at home , not abroad .
But that rule now appears to be ignored more often than it is observed , as Republican politicians take to the world ’s stages to criticize President Barack Obama ’s policies on everything from climate change to the coup in Honduras to the ongoing conflict in the Middle East .
ADVERTISEMENT
A recent post by Eric Kleefeld at TalkingPoints Memo outlines numerous Obama administration policies that Republicans have taken to criticizing abroad .
The most recent case was that of Republican Sen. Jim DeMint ’s visit to Honduras on Friday .
DeMint ( R - SC ) was a supporter of the military - backed coup in that country since it took place in July .
But after word spread that the interim Honduran government had suspended civil liberties , DeMint found himself backtracking , telling TPM that was n’t taking sides and extracting promises from the Honduran government that civil liberties would be restored .
Ruth Calvo at FireDogLake calls DeMint ’s trip “ sedition . ”
“ While our usually deluded wingers are comfortable working against the public interest , outright sedition is a new tactic , ” she writes .
“ While [ Texas Governor Rick ] Perry and [ Minnesota Governor Tim ]
Pawlenty espouse the virtues of secession , actual interference with US foreign policy is treason of a more active variety . ”
The word “ treason ” also figures prominently in a recent column by blogger mcjoan at DailyKos .
“ At least , [ treason is ] what it would have been called by Republicans if Dems had done this during the Bush administration , ” mcjoan wrote .
ADVERTISEMENT
The blogger posited :
The only similar situation that comes to mind under the Bush administration was when Reps.
David Bonior , Jim McDermott , and Mike Thompson visited Iraq prior to the American invasion .
Prior to the invasion .
They came back convinced that there were no WMD in Iraq , and that the Bush administration was hellbent on taking us into that war , anyway .
And they were , and continue to be excoriated by the Right for that trip .
Kleefeld ’s column also points to Oklahoma Sen .
Jim Inhofe ’s plans to put together a “ truth squad ” he will take with him to this fall ’s climate summit in Copenhagen .
According to Mother Jones :
Inhofe told the National Review Online that his squad ( he has not yet named any participants ) will make it clear to world leaders that although the House passed the Waxman - Markey bill and the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee will probably approve a bill as well , the United States Congress is n’t going to pass climate legislation anytime soon — no way , no how .
Apparently President Barack Obama ’s speech to the UN on Tuesday only spurred on Inhofe ’s desire to send a truth squad , if only because the address did n’t include enough specifics ( which , by the way , is also bugging environmentalists ) .
ADVERTISEMENT
This past summer US House Rep. Eric Cantor was heavily criticized for taking a trip to Israel and attacking the Obama administration ’s policy on the Israeli - Palestinian conflict .
Cantor told the local press that Obama should stop focusing on Israel ’s settlements in the West Bank and focus instead on the “ existential threat ” posed to Israel by Iran .
“ The central issue here is whether elected officials should travel abroad to criticize and undermine the foreign policy of the American government , ” Steve Benen wrote at the Washington Monthly .
“ If Cantor and his pals want to trash the US approach from the floor of the House or in a press release , that ’s merely annoying .
But for them to go to foreign soil and work against the sitting president is pathetic , even by the low standards of House Republicans . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Between the perceived undermining of foreign policy , the resistance to health care and climate change legislation , and the glee expressed at Chicago ’s loss of the Olympics to Rio de Janeiro , it ’s all too much for DailyKos blogger Nuisance Industry , who tells the Republicans , “ Get out of my country . ”
The key findings were presented to the International Cricket Council 's cricket committee earlier this month in Dubai , where both groups reaffirmed their commitment to preserving all three forms .
Interestingly , the survey shows the maligned 50 - over game is alive and kicking ; despite reports of public fatigue it remains the most popular format with 36 per cent of fans across the three countries .
But in India , Twenty20 internationals rule , with 58 per cent of the respondents declaring these as their favourite compared with 31 per cent for ODIs , 7 per cent for Tests and 4 per cent for the billion - dollar Indian Premier League .
Overall , 13 per cent said they preferred Tests to the limited - overs contests .
In India , 58 per cent of respondents said the emergence of Twenty20 had reduced their interest in Test cricket , while 23 per cent of South Africans and 13 per cent of New Zealanders felt the same .
But almost two - thirds of Indians and three - quarters of South Africans said Twenty20 might spark their interest in the longer formats .
The research , which is expected to be presented to chief executives of the Test - playing nations at their next meeting , should sound alarm bells with administrators who have already been accused of devaluing
Test cricket by scheduling too many meaningless limited - overs matches .
The crowded calendar , coupled with the emergence of new and lucrative opportunities in Twenty20 leagues , persuaded all - rounders Andrew Flintoff and Jacob Oram to retire from Test cricket , meaning that Test cricket can no longer be assured of showcasing the best players .
The study also challenges the assumption that slow over - rates and dull pitches are most instrumental in keeping people away from Tests .
Instead , it suggests ticket prices and timeslots are key factors .
The study also reaffirms the power of television - 89 per cent of people surveyed watch cricket live on TV .
Sachin Tendulkar last October broke the world runscoring record in a Test against Australia in Mohali in front of only a few thousand people at the ground .
'' We just ca n't sit back and let that happen , '' said Lewis .
'' Test matches need loving care and attention , and they need to be played when people can watch .
Can people afford to support all the brands of cricket ?
That 's a really big question , I think .
Australia and England do n't feel the pinch so much in Test - match cricket but other countries do . ''
He believes it is inevitable that Tests will be staged under lights and the MCC was moving closer to a trial with a pink ball .
'' It 's bound to happen , '' he said .
'' We have a new agreement with Abu Dhabi - this is , MCC - to play cricket there , to do some preseason work when it 's freezing cold [ in England ] and that is the sort of place where we can experiment with balls . ''
The World Cricket Committee comprises figures such as Steve Waugh , Rahul Dravid , Geoff Boycott and Tony Dodemaide .
The sample for the study was small - about 500 in each country - but market research company TNS Sport insisted this was big enough for meaningful conclusions .
Lewis expressed alarm about the prevalence of limited - overs cricket in India , which generates two - thirds of world cricket revenue .
'' It did shock me because having played Test cricket in India you know how feverish the whole business is , '' he said .
The MCC is the custodian of the laws of cricket and Lewis said while it had moral authority it had no actual power .
He vowed to keep lobbying the ICC until changes were made to preserve the most precious form of cricket .
CHICAGO ( Reuters ) - A jump in 3COM Corp COMS.O shares and call options on Wednesday before a $ 2.7 billion offer for the company was announced sparked talk that the news had been leaked , option traders and analysts said .
Hewlett - Packard Co HPQ.N announced the deal to buy the network equipment maker after the closing bell on Wednesday .
At first glance , option traders said , the hallmarks of suspicious trading were there : shares of 3Com jumped 28 cents , or 5.18 percent , to $ 5.69 during the day , rising from the opening bell and closing a penny off the high of the day .
After the bell , 3COM shares shot up about 35 percent at $ 7.65 .
Option market sources said it was n’t just the stock behaving oddly ahead of the late afternoon news .
Volume in 3 Com call options -- which convey the right to buy the company ’s shares at a fixed price -- soared .
A total of 8,085 calls traded against only six puts .
That amounted to 17 times the average daily call volume , according to option analytics firm Trade Alert .
“ The rise in 3 Com shares and a surge in call volume before the takeover announcement tell us that somebody ’s timing was extremely good , ” said Jon Najarian , co-founder of optionMonster a Web information site .
“ Since I do not believe in coincidences on Wall Street , I would bet that these unusual call option trades will spark an investigation , ” Najarian said .
The Securities and Exchange Commission , which looks into unusual options and share trading activity , was closed on Wednesday in observance of the Veterans Day U.S. holiday .
Options traders said the surge in 3COM call volume was focused in the November and December $ 5 calls , which convey the right to buy 3Com shares at $ 5 apiece .
“ The unusual volume in the November and December $ 5 calls indicated a red flag and would be a sign that this news was leaked ahead of the announcement , ” said Jeff Shaw , head options trader at Timber Hill , a division of Interactive Brokers Group .
Frederic Ruffy . options strategist at WhatsTrading.com , said most of the trading in the $ 5 call strike occurred around noon Eastern time ( 1700 GMT ) , when 3COM shares were trading at around $ 5.60 .
Ruffy said one trade for 3,800 November $ 5 calls was done at a premium of 65 cents per contract .
The premium for those calls closed at 65 cents , up 10 cents on the day .
Today I 've found a way to cabal - install offline documentation – with source hyperlinks !
– for a Haskell package .
( The reddit link was quite helpful by pushing me in right direction . )
To obtain documentation without source hyperlinks you just
run `cabal install ' with `-- enable - documentation ' option ...or
enable `documentation ' parameter in ~/.cabal / config
Then reinstall the package with `cabal install -- reinstall ' command .
Documentation will appear in ~/.cabal/share/doc/PACKAGE-VERSION/html/ directory .
But if you want proper documentation – with ` Source ' links to the right of declarations – try these commands ( replacing `iteratee ' with your favourite package ) :
$ cd /tmp $ tar - xzf ~/.cabal/packages/hackage.haskell.org/iteratee/0.2.4/iteratee-0.2.4.tar.gz $ cd iteratee - 0.2.4 $ cabal configure $ cabal haddock -- hyperlink - source ## NOTE : ## * Make sure `documentation ' is * disabled * in ~/.cabal / config . ## * Do n't use `-- enable - documentation ' in `cabal install ' command .
##
Otherwise links to source code will be omitted from documentation .
$ cabal install -- reinstall
That 's almost it .
But source code pages will not be syntax - highlighted , because hscolour.css is missing .
I 've used a workaround :
$ cd ~/.cabal/share/doc/iteratee-0.2.4/html/src $ ln -s /usr / share/ doc/ghc6-doc/libraries/Cabal/src/hscolour.css
Now everything is sweet ( i.e. , documented and hyperlinked to sources ) .
This post is a reminder to myself , which may possibly help some other haskeller .
SEE ALSO
Thirty - seven years ago today , December 18 , 1972 , Eugene Cernan stepped into Apollo 17's Challenger lunar module and became the last man to set foot on the moon .
With Charlie Bolden , Lori Garver , and the Obama administration weighing the options for the future of America 's role in human spaceflight ( unless Congress decides for them first ) it may be at least a decade or more before humans tromp around the lunar regolith again .
But , when the time comes to place a group of homo sapiens on top of a rocket with the goal of launching them onto the Moon 's orbit , one thing is guaranteed : the trip out to lunar space will not be a mancation .
NASA could have broken the gender barrier years earlier than it did with the WISP program .
However , it was not until eleven years after Apollo 17 that Sally Ride became the first American woman astronaut .
She was followed shortly thereafter by Judith Resnick , Kathryn Sullivan , Anna Fisher , and a whole host of women pilots , scientists , and specialists turned astronaut .
Since then , women have played a prominent role in America 's space program .
Most of the space shuttle flights have had lady astronauts aboard , serving as scientists , specialists , and commanders .
Women have commanded the International Space Station and in NASA 's most recent astronaut group , three of the nine selections were women .
So it stands to reason that as we train the next batch of astronauts , those that will be first in line for the next beyond - LEO mission , there will be a nice mix of gender diversity in the space capsule .
But , the road for future women astronauts is still a rough path .
Take my 10 year old daughter for instance .
She is the only girl on the Lego robotics club and the only one on the math team .
Sometimes it can be lonely for a girl that runs with the geek crowd .
Many colleges , universities , and other organizations are putting on the full court press to keep girls interested in math and the sciences beyond elementary school .
With NASA contemplating a reinvigorated human spaceflight program , here 's to the great success of those efforts .
We 'll need it to keep the pool of potential women astronaut full .
I think there were a few factors , the combination of which was greater than the sum of their individual weights .
One is simply timing : Django appeared right as the first big wave of Rails hype was ramping up , and so it was immediately portrayed as being sort of " Python 's answer to Rails " .
That resulted in a not - insignificant number of eyeballs on the project almost from the start .
The fact that Adrian was at the " Snakes and Rubies " meetup in Chicago and got to take part in side - by - side talks about Rails and Django did a lot for that .
Another factor is that Django is and always has been a single - package install ( well , not quite : you still need a database adapter , unless you 're on Python 2.5 + and using SQLite , but close enough ) .
The non-Zope alternatives , which all focused on leaving component choices in the developer 's hands , required quite a bit more work just to get to the point where you could do a basic tutorial : you 'd need to go hunting down an ORM , a template language , etc. , etc. and get them all installed and configured .
Though that 's gotten much better over the years , I think the lingering memory of that still has an effect .
And Django came out of the gate with documentation that ( if I may say so myself ) was far above the usual standard for open - source projects , and has only gotten better over time .
The tutorial , for all its many faults , hits on a number of the high points that make Django useful , and the remainder of the documentation has always been of good quality , mixing both API reference and important " how to " bits as needed .
This produces a good out - of - the - box experience and helps with the post - tutorial learning curve ( something which has always plagued Zope ) .
I also think there 's a perception -- rightly or wrongly -- that , say , Pylons or Werkzeug really are better for experienced developers who already know their way around WSGI and the Python web ecosystem ; the fact that they tend to be strong choices for taking your existing favorite libraries and plugging them together is the source of this , I think , and perhaps nudges some newer folks over toward Django 's integrated approach .
The flip side , of course , is that a lot of people who'd be better off learning more up - front before trying Django do n't do that ;)
Finally , I think there 's something to be said for the way Django 's been marketed , which is to say that it really was n't marketed for a long time , or at least not in the sense that , say , Rails was marketed .
Until Django 1.0 landed , the " marketing " effort mostly consisted of people blogging ( and there were some notable incidents where people were asked to tone it down a bit ) , talks at PyCon and then mostly just improving the framework , building cool things with it and letting the results speak for themselves .
Now , of course , in the post - 1.0 world we have the DSF and DjangoCon and business - oriented consultants doing training sessions and lots of books and all the rest , but that 's all still quite new .
I expect that there will be a backlash , just as there 's been with Rails , and in fact I think it 's been brewing for a while and has already started .
But up until now I think the factors I 've listed here are at least the major ones behind the consistent , steady growth in popularity Django has seen since its initial release .
A team of scientists from the NIOZ Royal Netherlands Institute for Sea Research and the University of Bremen ( Germany ) has determined that a major change in the climate of the Sahara and Sahel region of North Africa facilitated early human migrations from the African continent .
The team 's findings will be published online in the Nov. 9th installment of Early Edition of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences USA .
Among the key findings are that the Sahara desert and the Sahel were considerably wetter around 9,000 , 50,000 and 120,000 years ago than at present , allowing for the growth of trees instead of grasses .
Dust in marine sediment cores
The researchers studied marine sediments covering nearly 200,000 years collected from the seafloor off the coast of Guinea in West Africa .
Strong off - shore winds transport large volumes of dust from the Sahara and Sahel to the study area .
Mixed in with the dust are plant leaf waxes , which are blown long distances across the African continent to the Atlantic Ocean , where they were ultimately deposited on the seafloor at about 3 km depth .
Over thousands of years , layers of sediment accumulated on the seafloor , each layer containing evidence of past environmental conditions in Northern Africa .
The plant leaf waxes are resistant to degradation and when trapped within layers of sediment , they can be very well - preserved for millions of years .
Vegetation changes in the Sahara
Based on analysis of plant leaf waxes the researchers could determine the relative importance of trees and grasses in the Sahara and Sahel regions .
Trees generally require more water to survive than do tropical grasses , and so by analysing the plant leaf waxes to determine if they were produced by trees or grasses , the scientists could examine past precipitation changes in tropical Africa over the last 200,000 years .
During three discrete periods , ca. 120,000 - 110,000 years , 50,000 - 45,000 and 10,000 - 8,000 years ago , substantially more trees grew in Sahara and the Sahel , indicating significantly wetter conditions than at present .
The two oldest periods exactly coincide with times when the earliest humans were migrating out of East Africa to northern Africa , the Middle East , Asia and eventually Europe .
At these times , the wetter conditions in central North Africa likely enabled humans to cross this normally inhospitable region , allowing them to migrate into other continents .
When climate in the Sahara and Sahel turned dry again , humans were forced out of these areas causing genetic and cultural changes in already inhabited regions such as Northern Africa and the Middle East .
Changes in ocean circulation caused a wetter Sahara
The researchers also looked for the causes of these major climate shifts to much wetter conditions in the Sahara and found that they were indirectly related to an increase in the strength of the major current system , the Atlantic Overturning Circulation ( AOC ) .
The researchers could assess the strength of this current by analysing fossilized tiny shells of small animals ( benthic foraminifera ) .
When the intensity of the AOC changes , this leads to changes in the chemical composition of the deep water masses , which is then reflected in the shells of benthic foraminifera .
The researchers found that when the AOC weakened , more grasses were present in central North Africa indicating a drier climate .
Likely , the weakening of the AOC was caused by increased freshwater input to the high - latitudes , leading to less saline surface waters .
This freshwater input also caused surface cooling in these regions , in turn leading to movement of cold air from the high - latitudes to the tropics , and causing drier conditions in central North Africa .
Thus , early human migrations from the African continent were likely triggered by events originating far away in the North Atlantic .
This research project was funded by the Netherlands Organisation for Scientific Research ( NWO ) and the Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft Research Centre / Excellence Cluster " The Ocean in the Earth System " .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Afghan President Hamid Karzai has vowed to remove the " stigma " of corruption , a day after winning a new five - year term .
In his first remarks since being declared winner on Monday of August 's fraud - marred poll , he also pledged to lead an inclusive government .
And he called on " Taliban brothers " who have been fighting an insurgency against him to " embrace their land " .
The Taliban said in a statement it would continue its fight and called Mr Karzai " a puppet " .
What is astonishing is two weeks ago they were arguing that the puppet president Hamid Karzai was involved in electoral fraud ... but now he is president
Taliban statement
Challenges for President Karzai Karzai in favour , conditionally Send us your comments Victory fails to cheer Afghan press The Afghan president 's comments came a day after poll officials scrapped a run-off vote that had been planned for this weekend .
Mr Karzai's only challenger , Abdullah Abdullah , pulled out of the race on Sunday , after his demand for the sacking of key poll officials he accused of corruption was not met .
At Tuesday 's news conference in Kabul , Mr Karzai said he had hoped Dr Abdullah , his former foreign minister , would have taken part in the vote .
" It would have been better for our country , for the democratic process and for us , if our brother Dr Abdullah had participated ... and the second round had taken place , " Mr Karzai said .
FROM BBC WORLD SERVICE
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC World Service
The Afghan president 's relations with the West have cooled since he was first elected in 2004 , amid allegations of widespread corruption in his administration .
On Monday , US President Barack Obama asked 51 - year - old Mr Karzai to intensify efforts to eradicate it .
Mr Obama - currently considering whether to send up to 40,000 more troops to Afghanistan - said Mr Karzai would be judged on deeds , not words .
" Our government has been seriously discredited by administrative corruption , " said Mr Karzai on Tuesday .
ANALYSIS Ian Pannell , BBC News , Kabul Hamid Karzai has been left in no doubt by his international sponsors of what they expect from him .
And in his news conference he appeared to deliver .
He said he would eradicate the stain of corruption that has dogged his government .
He said he would build an administration for all Afghans and attempt to heal the growing ethnic divisions in the country .
And he appealed to what he called his Taliban brothers to agree to talks to bring peace to the country .
But the West has made it clear that he 'll be judged on his actions , not his words , and crucial decisions about the level of foreign engagement and troop levels in the country will now depend upon it .
" We will try to remove this stigma from our soil and our country in any possible way . "
He said he would work with anyone , whether they had opposed or supported him in the election .
And he continued : " We call on our Taliban brothers to come home and embrace their land . "
But a now - resurgent Taliban - who were driven out of Kabul in late 2001 by US - led coalition forces , paving the way for Mr Karzai to take power - rejected his overture .
" What is astonishing is two weeks ago they were arguing that the puppet president Hamid Karzai was involved in electoral fraud ... but now he is elected as president based on those same fraudulent votes , Washington and London immediately send their congratulations , " said a Taliban statement .
The militants , who carried out attacks across the country during the first round , had vowed to disrupt the run-off , too .
In the initial ballot , hundreds of thousands of votes were discounted , including almost a third of those cast for Mr Karzai .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
His share of the vote was cut to just under the 50 % threshold needed for outright victory , requiring a second round to be held .
Dr Abdullah was adjudged to have won a third of valid ballots in August 's vote .
One of the reasons for holding a deciding vote had been to try to restore some legitimacy to the process .
But Afghan election officials said on Monday the second round - which Mr Karzai had been the favourite to win - was being scrapped to save money and for security reasons .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
When our attorneys represent employees , we are known for our aggressive , results - oriented strategies .
Whether we are opposing a pharmaceutical company , an automotive giant or an advertising agency , we will fight relentlessly .
We do not shuffle papers and wonder if the other side will settle .
We take action .
Or : why I am not a tea -partier :
The kid holding it , according to the reader who took this picture , was maybe 16 .
Obama is a communist and a fascist and a traitor !
Then this :
The above protestor is comparing an attempt to privately ensure millions of people currently uninsured is the equivalent of this :
Action T4 ( German : Aktion T4 ) was a program , also called Euthanasia Program , in Nazi Germany spanning October 1939 until August 1941 , during which physicians killed 70,273 people specified in Hitler 's secret memo of September 1 , 1939 as suffering patients " judged incurably sick , by critical medical examination " , but described in a denunciation of the program by Cardinal Galen as long - term inmates of mental asylums " who may appear incurable " .
This is as sick as those who called Bush a Nazi before the Iraq war .
But unlike the Iraq war , the proposal for universal healthcare was a big issue in the last election , was widely debated , and the winners of that election are fulfilling a clear pledge .
So what we have here is unhinged hysteria .
I certainly think pent - up anger at Bush ( which partisanship and religious devotion meant they could never vent ) is a part of this ; but the fact of a non-white , non-Southern effective president should not be discounted .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Nexus
One is in all rage right now with leaks and comparison with iPhone popping out almost every day and this will probably continue until it ’s officially released on Jan. 5 ( ok , it still has to be confirmed ) .
The leaks are all coming from those Google employees who were sent the prototypes around the globe to test and recommend improvements but in a way it ’s also how Google intended to build up steam around its first offering of a smart phone .
This marketing technique is doing pretty well for Google so far .
This leaked photo shows Nexus
One docked on a car docking station which is purportedly approved by FCC .
The phone ’s GPS is turned ON which is acting as a navigation system for the car so if you do n’t have one in your car then this will definitely suffice .
As you can see , the GPS seems to work quite fine .
Moreover , the FCC cleared dock which is manufactured by HTC also includes Bluetooth support but Nexus One already has one which is quite strange .
[ via ]
The vault underneath the New York Federal Reserve once held over one quarter of the world 's monetized gold .
Today , it holds about 500,000 gold bars , 95 % of which is owned by foreign nations .
This photo , taken in 1968 , shows a " sitter " counting gold .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Gold is soaring to record high prices , and guess who has the biggest stash ?
The U.S. government .
The Treasury Department has 261.5 million ounces of gold in its reserves , representing about a third of the gold stockpiles held by governments around the world .
With gold selling at about $ 1,100 an ounce , that means Uncle Sam is sitting on $ 288 billion worth of the shiny stuff .
Treasury 's gold sits in vaults across the country .
It holds about 25,000 bars in a vault five floors down , 80 feet below street level , in the New York Federal Reserve in Manhattan .
The majority of the nation 's gold reserves still reside in Ft. Knox in Kentucky .
But rather than sell it , the government is hanging onto its bullion .
So are other global central banks .
In fact , as the dollar continues its downward spiral , many countries are even buying up gold .
Last week , the International Monetary Fund offered up 400 metric tons of gold , and the Reserve Bank of India bought 220 metric tons of it .
Sri Lanka bought 5.3 metric tons in the auction as well .
In the second quarter , central banks were net buyers of gold for the first time since 1997 .
" Gold is gold , " said Nathan Lewis , author of Gold : The Once and Future Money .
" There 's no real change in gold 's value .
Only the value of paper currency declines . "
Gold has come in and out of fashion with investors over the years .
In times of economic instability or inflation , gold demand and prices have trended higher .
Despite wild price fluctuations over the years , gold has maintained its purchasing power for about the past 750 years .
" From the mid-14th century until now , you can draw a relative straight line in the purchasing power of gold , and every central banker in their heart knows that , " said Judy Shelton , an economist and director of the National Endowment for Democracy .
" Gold is universally recognized as a store of value .
That 's important because it denotes price stability . "
Gold had been the standard currency for international trade for centuries .
In fact , the Federal Reserve vault in New York has compartments for different countries .
When one country would trade with another , a " sitter " would simply move bars from one compartment to another , according to David Girardin , spokesman for the New York Fed .
Gold 's inherent value is buoying its resurgence in popularity .
The comeback also raises important questions about the United States ' own reserve position and the government 's ability to maintain demand for U.S.
Treasury bonds as the world catches the gold bug .
Why we 're sitting on it
Governments ' dependence on gold has waned over the years , but they still hold 848 million ounces of it , down 29 % from the 1965 peak of 1.2 billion ounces , and just 10 % from the 942 million ounces they held 50 years ago , according to the World Gold Council .
Curiously , Treasury still values its gold at $ 42.22 per ounce .
Congress reached that figure in 1973 , two years after the the post - World War II Bretton Woods gold standard , which had valued gold at $ 35 an ounce , was scrapped .
With gold selling at prices 26 times that amount , why does n't the Treasury , and by extension , the Fed , realize those gains on their balance sheets by displaying the market value of their holdings ?
Or , with the gold standard abandoned , why does n't the government sell off its reserves to put that money into the economy or pay off debt ?
There are lots of reasons , ranging from the psychological to the practical .
" If we started selling gold from our official reserves , it would be recognized as a sign of weakness for the dollar , " said Jeffrey Nichols , managing director of American Precious Metals Advisors and senior economic advisor to Rosland Capital .
" America 's relatively large gold holdings provide some psychological benefit to our currency . "
Many gold experts and economists agreed that even though the gold standard has been abandoned for nearly 40 years , the world is still cleaving to its gold because it is a tangible asset .
Another reason for Treasury to hold tight is gold 's fluctuating price .
Just ask British Prime Minister Gordon Brown .
When Brown was the nation 's chief finance minister a decade ago , he decided that gold had become relatively useless to the government -- without the gold standard , it was just an inert metal , and it was expensive to store .
Brown sold off 400 tons , or 60 % of the United Kingdom 's gold , between 1999 and 2002 .
Brown 's problem : Gold was selling at a record low inflation - adjusted average of $ 275 an ounce at the time .
It turned out , had he waited 10 years , the U.K. would have made four times what it hauled in from the sale .
" Geithner does n't want to be the Treasury secretary that sells gold at $ 1,100 an ounce and next year it's at $ 2,000 , " said Shelton .
Furthermore , a sale of all the country 's gold would n't make much of an impact .
With the nation 's annual deficit at $ 1.7 trillion , a $ 787 billion stimulus package and a $ 700 billion bank bailout , $ 300 billion is kind of puny in comparison .
" The Fed has plenty of tools to pump money into the economy ; it does n't need to sell gold to do it , " said Lyle Gramley , a former Fed governor .
" The government has its gold by historic accident , but there 's no reason why they 'd sell it -- there 's no motivation . "
But most of all , a sale of the government 's gold would be especially poorly timed now , since foreign central banks are lining up to add gold to their reserves .
As a result , experts say a mass - sale of gold would mostly end up in other nation 's coffers .
That could spell disaster for the U.S. government , which is trying to finance its economic rescue packages by selling record amounts of debt to foreign countries in the form of Treasury securities .
As gold holdings take up a larger percentage of foreign reserves , Treasury holdings could be reduced .
Shelton , who believes that paper currency should have ties to hard assets , said the resurgence of gold buying should be unsettling for the government .
The trend indicates that some foreign countries would rather hold onto an inert metal than Treasurys that pay interest .
Treasurys have long been viewed as a riskless asset , because they are tied to the dollar and are backed by the U.S. government .
" If the trend continues , that could reduce the demand for Treasury securities and bonds ' book value would go down , " said Shelton .
And the dumb keeps coming .
CNBC 's Maria , I just met a girl named Maria Bartiromo is so intent on sticking up for her Wall Street fat cat pals that she makes an idiot out of herself when she asks Rep .
Weiner how come he does n't use Medicare if it 's all that !
Well , Weiner is half way to fifty so he's not eligible , but as we know facts are useless things when conservatives want to destroy something .
Actually I wonder of she got confused with the other conservative talking point that says if the public option is so great , why does n't the Democratic Congress sign up for it .
Can you tell ?
I know it 's hard to pin down the crazy .
Nico Pitney :
Last week , when Infinity Ward revealed it was dropping dedicated servers from the PC build of Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 in favor of a new matchmaking infrastructure called IWNET , it was like someone sucker - punched the PC gaming community .
The reaction was both immediate and loud : forums erupted with angry posts , and a petition asking Infinity Ward to rethink its decision quickly surpassed 150,000 signatures .
So far , the developer seems to be ignoring the complaints of its PC audience .
This is n't whining , however .
Digging below the surface reveals that those who are asking Infinity Ward not to do away with the dedicated servers entirely are not simply scared of change .
Instead , they want the PC gaming experience to be as enjoyable as possible for the entire community , something they say is n't possible without control of the servers .
Why this matters
So what 's the big deal about the loss of dedicated servers ?
Quite a lot , actually , especially for hardcore PC gamers involved in competitive FPS leagues .
" To lose dedicated servers means we lose control of what rules we can use in clan matches ( each league has its own rules , perks , weapons , etc ) .
These rules , more than likely , are run by mods , such as PAM , Openwarfare , or Pro-Mod , " said Dave Wilks , the author of the petition and an administrator for Codleague .
" No dedicated servers mean no mods ... we would n't be able to upload mods to IWNET . "
Of course , Infinity Ward has been quick to tout the advantages of using IWNET over dedicated servers .
By utilizing " playlists " ( pre-set game modes and types for public matches ) , players wo n't have to search for a game on a list of available servers .
The system will also " put you in the game that will give you the smoothest gameplay possible without you having to manually find a server with the best ping . "
The final advantage of this new system , according to the developer , is that it will use the Valve Anti-Cheat system in order to " control the quality of the game much more than ever before . "
According to the claims , IWNET will eliminate the need to worry about " joining a server full of aim - bots , wallhacks , or cheaters .
Or relying on the server admin of the server to constantly be monitoring , banning , and policing it . "
While it 's true that dedicated servers can't really have someone monitoring the games on them 24/7 , many of them utilize PunkBuster , an anti-cheat system for online multiplayer games .
If you 're a dedicated player who sticks to one server , it 's also comforting to know those that care about the community around that server are working to keep the cheaters out ; control rests in the hands of the players , not Activision .
Even if the IWNET system does work as Infinity Ward claims it will , it 's easy to understand gamers ' concern .
" I do n't know if [ dedicated servers will be better ] in general day to day play , " admitted Wilks .
" The only game I 've played with matchmaking or similar is Operation Flashpoint : Dragon Rising , which also has a server browser so you can actually pick the server to go in .
" The thing with a matchmaking system [ is that ] you are reliant on the host not taking his bat home if he 's getting pummeled in a game , and also on the host 's internet connection being able to handle the amount of people in the server .
With a [ dedicated server ] , you usually have it located in a datacentre , with a decent connection , and so everyone connects to the server which means fairer play ( no 0 pings ) . "
The PC gamer as whining loser
The concerns seem valid , despite what many people seemed to think when complaints started to surface last week .
Even Jerry Holkins of Penny Arcade jumped on the bandwagon , naysaying the complaints as little more than pointless sound and fury from a community that is no longer a key audience .
" To read such lamentations , you 'd get the impression that PC gamers still think they are the focus of the industry , when that has n't been true for awhile , " he wrote in a recent post .
" Indeed , hardcore gamers in general — and the dedicated PC enthusiast , which is a subset — have n't been the object of their desire for some time . "
Wilks , of course , disagrees .
" No , I do n't think [ Holkins ' opinion ] is true , " he said .
" PC gamers know that they are the minority ( 15 percent in Call of Duty 4 ) .
PC
Gamers have n't been primary audiences for a long time for most publishers or developers , although some still do develop only on PC . "
Wilks claims the community 's hope is that groups like Infinity Ward will keep dedicated servers running side - by - side with systems like IWNET .
" All in all , IWNET adds a load of new features that the PC version of our games have never had before and allows us an infrastructure to continue to update and improve on the game post - launch , " he said .
" At the end of the day , all we are asking for is support to run the game how we , the paying customers , want to run the game after all the support Infinity Ward was given by the PC gaming community . "
Unfortunately , it does n't seem like developers want to consider this option , based on Infinity Ward 's reaction to the petition .
Despite assurances by Robert Bowling that the development team would see and respond to the petition , the ensuing silence on the matter has been deafening .
Wilks has n't seen any official response from either Bowling or Infinity Ward since then , and Bowling himself never responded to Ars ' request for an interview .
The lack of dedicated servers also means Activision Blizzard controls what mods , if any , will be allowed .
You can't control what maps are running on the server , and fan - made maps offered for free may be a thing of the past , replaced by for - pay content , if this model catches on .
This changes the relationship between the community and the publisher : you used to be able to buy a house and move in , but now you 'll have to ask permission to paint the walls of your rental .
Which , by the way , is more expensive .
To show you just how far Infinity Ward has come since the last Call of Duty in terms of embracing the PC platform , take a look at an interview shot for the first Modern Warfare .
In just a few short years , we 've gone from embracing the mod-making and PC gaming community , to treating them like children who can't be trusted with nice things .
How will the PC gaming community react to the game if Infinity Ward goes ahead with its current plans and does n't support dedicated servers ?
" I can only speak for the guys I know about , " Wilks said .
" A poll on our site suggests that 75 percent have canceled preorders .
As for what the community will do , well , if [ Infinity Ward ] stays with just IWNET , then we wo n't be supporting Modern Warfare 2 .
We will find other games to play . "
When we beamed our lists of favorite science fiction movies onto the pages of Wired.com , we knew some of our readers would think we were goofier than Jar Jar Binks .
Little did we know that Wired.com readers would fire back with such vehemence , vitriol and — most importantly — sincere love for sci - fi flicks that did n't make our lists .
See also : Photo Gallery : Wired 's Favorite Sci-Fi Flicks of All Time — Before Star Wars Wired ’s Favorite Sci-Fi Flicks of All Time — Star Wars and AfterWell , in cyberspace everyone can hear you scream :
We 've compiled a massive list — make that massive lists , broken down by decade — of your favorite sci- fi films , as well as your reasons for including them on the list .
Some of the movies nominated by Wired.com readers are clearly classics , like Fritz Lang 's silent 1927 masterpiece , Metropolis ( pictured above ) , or 1956 's Forbidden Planet .
They obviously fit on any serious sci - fi fan 's list of the best movies of all time .
Others were more obscure , and that 's what makes the lists so compelling .
Any list of " favorite " sci- fi movies will be different , and far more personal , than a list of " best " sci-fi movies .
Commenter Dave Morton noted this discrepancy and sought to calm his fellow readers , some of whom were railing , " Why not this movie ? " or " WTF is that title doing on the list ! ? "
He suggested compiling a list of readers ' favorites , and that 's exactly what we 've done .
We hope you find plenty of fodder for your Netflix queue .
P.S. Another commenter , icecycle , has Wired.com 's back with regard to the most - often - rebuked entry on our list of favorites , 1943 's Lassie Come Home :
" In defense of Lassie , that puppy was covered by [ Mystery Science Theater 3000 ] .
So yes it qualifies .
Beep , beep ( sound of a dog backing up ) . "
Metropolis ( 1927 )
Gotta go with Metropolis as the big omission from the pre-Star Wars list .
Like much good sci-fi , it addressed current issues using sci-fi as the wrapper .
To do that in 1927 was visionary .
— LRaydellMundo
It was visionary in 1927 to capture current issues in a sci- fi wrapper .
Even Goebbels thought so .
— OnlyModerately
See the " restored " version from Kino .
Awesome .
— jestal
Omitting Metropolis was a surprise .
It was not only visionary , but the precursor of the mood in Blade Runner and Fifth Element .
And , of course , it still has the coolest robot ever .
— mixula
For an 80 - plus - year - old film , its special effects are truly remarkable .
Plus a great story line .
But you 've got to see the Kino - restored version .
The previous ones just did n't make sense .
And they explain how some of the effects were done as well .
Amazing !
— NoCaDrummer
Silent science fiction with a plot line of societal conflict ( Dark Underground versus City of Light ) directed by Fritz Lang .
Did n't Star
Trek pick up on this ?
— Coastie716
Things to Come ( 1936 )
Christmas season in 1936 Britain , a multi- decade World War breaks out , resulting in a Mad Max warlord world .
Science saves the day — or does it ?
( Screenplay by H.G. Wells . ) — Coastie716
Destination Moon ( 1950 )
Robert Heinlein and George Pal [ collaborate on the ] first SF movie striving for authenticity .
— esperanto41
George Pal meets Robert Heinlein .
Even NASA mentions this in chronology leading up to moon walk ( DVD liner notes ) .
— Coastie716
Very accurate , down to the nearly all - male cast ( except wife left at home ) .
— TJH777
The Day the Earth Stood Still ( 1951 )
How , oh how , could you not include the original The Day The Earth Stood Still ?
— mvbmac
Let 's not forget The Day Earth Stood Still ( not the one with Keanu Reeves , the one with the two other stiffs , Michael Rennie and Gort ) .
— rjsohio
Where is Klaatu ?
You know ... The Day The Earth Stood Still ( the original ) .
That 's a classic sci-fi .
— sskelley333
I think you missed the greatest sci - fi movie ever —
The Day The Earth Stood Still ( and not the sucky remake with Keanu Reeves ) .
I mean , how can you not love the return of a Christ with a kick - ass robot to back him up ?
— epawar
The War of the Worlds ( 1953 )
L.A. gets destroyed , as did the Martians , but some of the ideas of this masterpiece lived on in the remakes , even the awful one from 2005 .
— NoCaDrummer
War of the Worlds was both scary and the first sci - fi flick I watched with my dad .
— Gifftor
George Pal meets H.G. Wells ( without Tom Cruise ) .
Thank goodness for the common cold .
— Coastie716
Invaders From Mars ( 1953 )
How on Earth could you forget Invaders From Mars ?
One of the most memorable sci- fi epics ever .
It was a perennial on ' 50s TV .
— asdsgf
It was so good , they used the sand - trick in the remake , and the original Martian leader stored in a basement science lab for the remake .
— NoCaDrummer
Gojira , aka Godzilla ( 1954 )
How the crap do you put Lassie on this list and forget Godzilla ?
— Skunkwaffle
This Island Earth ( 1955 )
How could one leave the ' 50's visual stunner This Island Earth off the list ?
Growing up with practically nothing but noir - style '50s black - and - white scuttlings of unseen aliens and mutant bugs leaving sand trails behind rocks or convenient visual obstructions inevitably located in the American Southwest , and ( almost ) never populated by other than B - list talent .
It was always fun to see them bumping into the Eames - style chrome and Scandinavian / Danish shiny tapered turned wood Ikea , sort of , precursors .
Woe unto any viewer who saw any socially redeeming inferences in these story (? ) lines .
Then along came This Island Earth , viewed during my " tween years " in a movie theater located in Times Square , mercifully no perverts included .
Full Technicolor and ( then ) spectacular .
Special effects ( back then , we did n't have computer - generated S/ FX ) with Saturday matinee serial - type action ( no noir obscurity ) .
It was great , pure action entertainment , no need to inject social responsibility ( atomic guilt , etc. ) into the viewing experience , just black and white hats in outer space .
What more could a preteen , who 'd already read almost all of the then - available ACE double book sci - fi series , want ?
Then I grew up and had to " understand " 2001 — what an effort .
Where was A.E. van
Vogt when we really needed him ?
— Mager_Thom
Forbidden Planet ( 1956 )
I know it 's way outside your date range ( and marks me as the old fart I am ) but for my money , Forbidden Planet is still the best sci - fi movie of all time .
It 's one of the few movies which actually has monsters worthy of an advanced civilization , and I understand a 2010 remake is in the works !
— mclurman
I would definitely include Forbidden Planet .
I loved that movie when I was a kid .
It 's so moody and rather scary when the monsters are trying to punch through the solid metal doors .
— fletc3her
No mention of Forbidden Planet ?
Great Zot !
Now if someone would only tackle , The Moon Is a Harsh Mistress .
— Shootist
Forbidden Planet positively has to be in the list !
— gswetsky
Among other things , the first film to have the music performed entirely by electronic instruments ( theremin ) .
— Joelawit
Forbidden Planet was simply great !
— macman1138
The special effects from the Disney team set the standard for years .
— NoCaDrummer
Shakespeare and Freud meet science fiction ( not to mention Anne Francis ' almost au naturale swimming scene ) .
— Coastie716
How can you leave off Forbidden Planet ?
Robbie the Robot , the Krill , Dr. Morbius and a great story line — your list is weak without it .
— FireplaceMike
The Incredible Shrinking Man ( 1957 )
What about The Incredible Shrinking Man ( original version ) or , going back to the '30s , the Buck Rogers and Flash Gordon serials ?
Silly stuff , I know , but incredibly influential on SF writers , readers and viewers .
— snobank
The Blob ( 1958 )
Lassie Come Home , are you kidding me !?
How about The Blob — the original one with Steve McQueen ?
— membari
Steve McQueen is reason enough for The Blob , but it was creepy as hell when I was a kid .
— Gifftor
The Fly ( 1958 )
As a kid , I kept looking for white - headed flies for years afterward .
— NoCaDrummer
See Also :
No matter what you think of Washington D.C. ’s ‘ Mayor for Life ’ Marion Barry , you have to admit he has made things interesting over the years .
I ca n’t think of any other politician who has been in the news for so many odd things , sometimes good , often bad , and often for such silly reasons that only Barry could have been involved .
With the news breaking this evening that Barry has passed , we thought we would revisit this article that we originally published in 2009 …
For those of you who do n’t know him , he was the second elected mayor of Washington D.C. from 1979 to 1991 .
After a sting operation caught him smoking crack in a hotel room , Barry served six months in a federal prison , but was elected to the D.C. city council in 1992 and was reelected mayor in 1994 .
Most recently , Barry again served on the city council .
Other things about Barry :
He earned a Masters of Science in organic chemistry from Fisk University , and is featured on HBO ’s “ The Nine Lives of Marion Barry . ”
Let ’s take a look at ten of his most interesting moments .
10 ) Immortalized in Wax – 2007
Barry was chosen as one of fifty wax statues for the opening of Washington D.C. ’s Madame Tussauds Wax Museum .
D.C. residents and tourists picked him over Cal Ripken , Al Gore , Denzel Washington , Carl Bernstein ( who would have made a terrible wax figure ) , Halle Berry , Martin Sheen , Marilyn Monroe , Nancy Reagan and Oprah Winfrey .
9 ) Married Four Times – 1962-1994
Blantie Evans ( married 1962 , divorced 1964 )
Mary M. Treadwell ( married 1972 , divorced 1977 )
Effi Slaughter ( married 1978 , divorced 1993 )
Cora Masters ( married 1994 , separated 2002 )
The ladies must love his dancing :
8 ) Same Sex Marriage Flip - Flop – 2009
During his 2008 reelection campaign , Barry told the city ’s largest LGBT political group , “ I do n’t think you should make [ supporting the bill ] a litmus test .
But if a bill like that were to come up , I would vote for it . ”
In 2009 , Barry voted against a bill committing D.C. to recognize same - sex marriages performed elsewhere .
Councilman Phil Mendelson said he was surprised because Barry had signed on as a co-introducer of the bill .
Barry says the local African American community is overwhelmingly opposed to gay marriage , “ All hell is going to break loose .
We may have a civil war .
The black community is just adamant against this . ”
7 ) Driving Too Slowly – 2006
The police pulled over Barry for driving too slowly .
After looking up Barry ’s record , the police told Barry that his license had been suspended and ticketed him .
Turns out , it was a computer glitch and Barry ’s license had n’t been suspended .
6 ) Allegedly Stalked a Woman – 2009
Barry was arrested after his ex-girlfriend , political consultant Donna Watts - Brighthaupt , claimed he was stalking her .
Barry was charged with “ misdemeanor stalking . ”
However , all charges were dropped .
The bitch set him up :
5 ) Arrested for DUI – 2006
Barry was stopped by police after stopping at a green light and running a red light .
Smelling alcohol , the officers had to bring him in for a breathalyzer test .
The officers gave Barry a ticket for running a red light and for failing to submit to a urine analysis .
He was also charged with driving an unregistered vehicle and misuse of temporary tags .
A judge found him not guilty for driving under the influence .
4 ) Did n’t Pay His Taxes – 2005 and 2007
Barry pleaded guilty to charges of failing to pay federal and local taxes stemming from an IRS investigation .
The mandatory drug testing for the hearing showed Barry as being positive for cocaine and marijuana .
He was sentenced to three years probation and underwent drug counseling .
3 ) Shot – 1977
While serving on the D.C. city council , Barry was shot by radical Hanafi Muslim terrorists – a breakaway sect of the Nation of Islam – when they overran the District Building .
2 ) Busted for Smoking Crack – 1990
Barry was arrested with a former girlfriend , Hazel “ Rasheeda ” Moore , in a sting operation at the Vista Hotel by the FBI and D.C. Police for crack cocaine use and possession .
Interview with DC residents on Howard Stern :
1 ) Re-elected as Mayor – 1994
Kids , smoking crack is n’t a big deal , because you can still grow up to be mayor .
Chris Rock will play us out ( probably NSFW ) :
FLU VACCINES AND THE RISK OF CANCER
Dr. Sherri Tenpenny , DO
September 4 , 2009
NewsWithViews.com
Much concern has been generated over the upcoming new swine flu H1N1 vaccines that are being rushed to market .
Clinical trials will be short – less than three weeks – and the potential for the addition of toxic oil - in - water adjuvants to be added at the last minute to stretch the vaccine supply is disconcerting .
However , the problems with flu shots go beyond current concerns .
The new manufacturing process for flu shots , called cell - line technologies , are little understood and have the potential for serious , long term consequences .
Manufacturing the “ regular , ” annual flu shot
Each year , between January and March , an FDA advisory panel selects the three influenza strains expected to be in circulation during the upcoming flu season .
Admitting that the process is an “ educated guess , ” the CDC sends the selected seed virus to the FDA for approval prior .
Seed virus is then distributed to manufacturers for production .
The annual flu shot contains three viral strains : two type influenza A viruses and one type influenza B .
Most commonly , two of the viruses are the same viruses included in the preceding year ’s shot .
The third virus is typically a new strain in circulation .
This is the purported reason for giving the shot each year .
The new strain is modified through a laboratory process called reassortment to ensure that it can readily grow in eggs .
Once the modification is complete , all three viruses proceed through tricky manufacturing steps to create what goes in that vial .
The cumbersome flu shot production process utilizes up to 500,000 fertilized chicken eggs per day for up to eight months .
Hundreds of millions of fertilized eggs become “ mini- incubators ” for cultured viruses .
When the chick embryos are 11 - days old , the amniotic membrane ( the egg white ) is manually injected with a drop of viral - containing solution .
Several days later , the gooey viral suspension is centrifuged to remove as much chicken blood and tissue from the solution as possible .
Residual egg protein remains within the final vaccine solution and is the reason why persons with an egg allergy are advised against receiving the flu shot .
The entire process , from viral selection to viral harvest , can take up to nine months . [ 1 ]
With the potential for a pandemic and the Director General of the WHO , Margaret Chan , requesting up to 4.9 billion of flu shots to vaccinate the world , [ 2 ] the slow lead time and labor - intensive production process cannot meet the demand for massive quantities of pandemic flu vaccine .
Enter Cell Line Technology
Cell line technologies , the use of cells and tissues for growing viruses found in vaccines , have been used since the 1950s .
Examples include calf lymph for smallpox vaccines ; African green monkey cells ( AGMK cells ) for polio vaccines and mouse brain cells for the Japanese encephalitis vaccine .
In the 1960s , cells from aborted human fetal tissue , called MRC - 5 and WI - 38 cells , were developed and are still used for the manufacture of rubella chickenpox , hepatitis A and shingles vaccines .
Since the early 2000s , dozens of human and animal tissues have been investigated for use in viral vaccines , especially for the production of influenza shots .
Batches of vaccine can be produced in less than six weeks instead of just one crop per year with eggs , a particularly useful methodology for ramping up production of flu shots .
While many of the new cell lines are still considered experimental , cell line techniques have attracted all the major players in the vaccine and biotech industry .
Prior to 2007 , cell lines were little used for flu shots , primarily for logistical reasons :
Flu shots made from cells instead of eggs required a complete retooling of existing production facilities .
None of the manufacturers were willing to invest the hundreds of millions of dollars and the five to seven years to construct new vaccine plants .
But when the threat of the bird flu pandemic was hyped in 2006 , the government opened is coffers and spilled billions of dollars into the pockets of the drug companies , giving them the capital to build new flu shot production facilities .
By 2012 , the first cell line factory will be completed in North Carolina .
Vaccine giant , Novartis , will then have the capacity to produce 150 million flu shots per year , making it the number one commercial production plant for influenza vaccines and the adjuvant MF - 59 , in the world .
Cell Cultures : The Next Frontier in Vaccine Production
Several cell lines are currently under investigation .
Novartis ’ EU - approved flu shot , Optaflu , was produced using a cell line called Madin - Darby ( MDCK ) , cells extracted from the kidneys of a female cocker spaniel .
Dutch giant , Solvay Pharmaceuticals , has been working with MDCK cells since the early 1990s .
Another independent company , Protein Sciences Corporation , has been working on a patented influenza vaccine produced from caterpillar eggs .
This vaccine strategy , known commercially as FluBlok , isolates a purified concentration of ( H ) antigen on the surface of an influenza virus and inserts the antigen into a second virus called a baculovirus .
The ( H ) - containing baculovirus is then inserted into insect cells growing in culture .
Several clinical trials involving the bug- created vaccine have shown that the antigens elicit a strong antibody response in humans . [ 3 ]
The vaccine , no doubt , contains snips of insect DNA .
This technology is being tested in Europe and is not yet approved for use in the US .
Advertisement
A third type of cell line , called PER .C6 cells , is derived from retinal cells of aborted fetal tissues .
The fetal cells are transformed by infecting them with an adenovirus , turning them into “ immortalized ” cells and the capability to replicate endlessly .
By their very nature , these cells are neoplastic ( cancer - causing ) ; researchers refer to them as “ oncogenic ” cells .
If tumors are formed when the cells are injected into experimental animals , the cell lines are beyond oncogenic ; they are tumorigenic .
A serious concern about whole , live PER .
C6 cells is that they are capable of causing tumors when transplanted into the skin of mice .
The FDA requires a filtration method to be used during vaccine production that is designed to removes all cells before the final product is packaged .
Even though several studies have been conducted to assure vaccine developers that PER .
C6 cells do not cause cancer and do not contain stray tumor causing viruses , [ 4 ] the risk of the cells making their way into the final vaccine products remain .
The risks of residual retinal DNA and stray viral contaminants from the animal tissues getting into flu shots are real .
DNA snips are classified as either “ infectious ” or “ oncogenic ” by researchers who worry that the stray DNA is being incorporated into the recipient ’s DNA , even thought FDA regulations insist on the “ importance of minimizing the risk of oncogenesis in vaccine recipients . ”
Manufacturers have been instructed to ensure the final vaccine contains less than 1 million residual animal cells and the amount of stray DNA is less than 10 ng. per vaccine . [ 5 ]
These regulations admit that animal DNA is injected into human babies and adults with every shot .
Is every lot tested for purity and these parameters ?
No .
Spot - checked lots are sent to the FDA and the FDA trusts the word of vaccine manufacturers that these standards have been met .
Tumorigenic Cells : The Risks Are Known
Since 1998 , the FDA and its subdivision , the Centers for Biological Evaluation and Research ( CBER ) , have been drafting regulations to allow use of both oncogenic and tumorigenic cell lines to be used in vaccine production .
The FDA is fully aware that the new cell lines , especially the PER .
C6 cells , have substantial risks , including the risk of potentially deadly adventitious [ stray , outside ] viruses making their way into shots .
For example , the FDA acknowledges that the SV 40 virus ( simian virus 40 from monkey kidney cells ) was in the early polio vaccines and acknowledges the risks :
“ The experience in the early 1960s with SV40 contamination of poliovirus and adenovirus vaccines and the continuing questions regarding whether SV40 could be responsible for some human neoplasms [ cancers ] underscores the importance of keeping viral vaccines free of adventitious agents [ viral contaminants ] .
This is particularly important when there is a theoretical potential for contamination of a vaccine with viruses that might be associated with neoplasia [ cancer ]
…
It is unclear whether cell substrates have a greater or lower risk [ of contamination ] than other types of cells …
However , if their growth in tissue culture is not well controlled , there may be additional opportunities for contamination … ” [ 6 ]
And it gets worse .
The same FDA memo goes on to say :
“ In addition to the possibility of contamination of cell substrates with adventitious viruses … the use of immortalized , neoplastic human cells to develop [ vaccines ] raises theoretical concerns with regard to possible contamination with TSE / BSE agents . ” [ 7 ]
TSE is Transmissible Spongiform Encephalopathy , a condition that includes a group of rare degenerative brain disorders characterized by tiny holes in the brain tissues , giving a “ spongy ” appearance when viewed under a microscope .
When this condition occurs in cows , it is called Bovine Spongiform Encephalopathy , commonly known as “ mad cow disease . ”
In a study published in 2004 , researchers found that any cell line could potentially support the propagation of TSE agents . [ 8 ]
Clearly , CBER is aware and disquieted over the carcinogenic potential of animal cells in vaccines because they require manufacturers to take “ every available precautionary step ” to eliminate the suspicious cells from the vaccine final product .
The FDA also admits concerns about cancer - causing possibility from all types of cell lines .
The question begging to be answered is , knowing the potential risks of using cell lines to create vaccines , why is research using cell line technologies allowed to be used at all ?
Subscribe to the NewsWithViews Daily News Alerts !
Enter Your E - Mail Address :
Despite substantial evidence — and even admissions of concern — the FDA appears to be flagrantly ignoring the potential for harm caused by this new cell line technology .
The U.S. government have poured billions of dollars into flu shot development and is recklessly approving the use of cell lines for products that have a questionable necessary pandemic vaccine .
Let the buyer beware .
Footnotes :
1 , “ WHO manual on animal influenza diagnosis and surveillance , ” World Health Organization , 1 September 2004 .
2 , Reuters May 19 , 2009 .
3 , “ Influenza Vaccines under development , ” Protein Sciences Corporation .
4 , Ledwith , BJ , et al .
“ Tumorigenicity assessments of Per.C6 cells and of an Ad5 - vectored HIV - 1 vaccine produced on this continuous cell line . ”
Dev Biol ( Basel ) .
2006;123:251-63 ; discussion 265-6 .
5 , FDA : Use of MDCK Cells for Manufacture of Inactivated Influenza vaccines .
6 , " Designer Cells as Substrates for the Manufacture of Viral Vaccines , ” FDA .
7 , FDA .
Ibid MDCK cells
8 , Vorberg , I. , Raines , A. , Story , B. , Priola , S. A . “ Susceptibility of common fibroblast cell lines to transmissible spongiform encephalopathy agents , ” Journal of Infectious Diseases189 ( 2004 ) : 431–439 .
PMID : 14745700 .
ï¿½ 2009 - Sherri Tenpenny - All Rights Reserve
Sign Up For Free E-Mail Alerts
E -Mails are used strictly for NWVs alerts , not for sale
Sherri J. Tenpenny , D.O. , is regarded as one of the country ’s most knowledgeable and outspoken physicians on the negative impact vaccines can have on health .
This article includes excerpts from her new book , Saying No to Vaccines : A Resource Guide for All Ages .
In addition to concerns about childhood vaccinations , the book addresses vaccination issues facing adults , international travelers , healthcare workers , nursing home residents , adoptions , college students , and those in the military .
A 75 - minute DVD is included that discusses the history of mandatory vaccination , concerns about the HPV cervical cancer vaccine Gardasil and other information not included in the book .
For more information on her many other books , DVDs , audio CDs , articles , and other materials , visit DrTenpenny.com and SayingNoToVaccines.com
Learn more about her medical clinic at osteomed 2.com .
Dr. Tenpenny is a regular columnist for NewsWithViews.com .
Her new book and DVD " Saying No to Vaccines " and FOWL !
are available through this site .
Other tapes and materials are available www.DrTenpenny.com
Website : www.DrTenpenny.com
Website : www.SayingNoToVaccines.com
E- Mail : nmaseminars@aol.com
We 're pleased to announce the release of patch v1.2.2 !
The update focuses on adding more content to No Survivors , as well as providing extra options during the mid- to - late game in all three modes .
For Steam users , v1.2.2 includes 12 unique achievements to get stuck into !
Players of No Survivors will have to contend with a group of ex-military troops setting up shop somewhere in town .
They wo n't be present immediately and even when they do arrive , they wo n't stick around forever .
If you do manage to locate them , you 'll have the choice of fighting them -- and snagging their cache of top - shelf equipment -- or leaving them alone .
Be warned , they might seek explosive retribution if you provoke them ...
Fortifying a location now allows you to build further upgrades including a fence , sniper 's nest and watch tower .
The fence adds another barrier between you and the hordes , protecting your barricades from attack and giving your survivors the peace and quiet they deserve .
Fences also allow you to move out of surrounded locations , so you 'll want to build one as soon as you can .
The sniper 's nest boosts the accuracy of your snipers , while the watch tower lets you see zombies far and wide .
You 'll find powerful outdoor traps have been added to your defensive repertoire , so you can kill and maim zombies before they even get inside .
These traps can be placed at any time , regardless of how fortified a location is .
A new occupation , the Mayor , makes an appearance .
He wo n't be killing zombies by the truckload or performing heart surgery on your wounded survivors , but he has intimate knowledge of various locations around town and when tasked with searching them , can quickly uncover everything inside , including clues .
Finally , we 've done a fair bit of balancing and tweaking .
You 'll find combat against enemy survivors is more consistent and rifle weapons have had their effectiveness improved against living targets .
Full patch notes and download instructions can be found on the Screwfly Studios forum .
“ It may taste the same as it did back then if the cork has stayed in the bottle and kept it airtight .
However , if the whisky is on its side , the cork may have been eroded . ”
California has a new star , the Eastern Pacific black ghostshark .
But the newly identified species prefers to stay out of the sun — and the spotlight .
And with a club - like sex organ on its forehead , the male ghostshark is n't likely to get any leading man roles .
Pictured alive underwater ( top ) and preserved in a museum collection ( bottom ) , the new ghostshark uses winglike fins to " fly " through its dark habitat , thousands of feet deep off the coasts of California and Mexico 's Baja California peninsula , a new study says .
The ghostshark seems to have flown under the scientific radar too .
Since the 1960s experts have been finding specimens of the strange , 3 - foot - long ( 0.9 - meter - long ) fish , which ended up nameless in museum collections around the world .
It was n't until after a team recently searched through shelves of " dead pickled fish " that the Eastern Pacific black ghostshark was recognized as its own new species , said study co-author Douglas Long , chief curator in natural sciences at the Oakland Museum of California .
The specimens ' unique proportions , precisely measured , gave the fish away as a separate species of ghostshark .
Ghostsharks in Chimerical Company
The shark - like animal belongs to the mysterious and little - studied chimaeras , perhaps the oldest group of fish alive today .
These " living fossils " branched off from sharks about 400 million years ago .
They may have survived by adapting to extreme deep - sea environments , Long said .
The newfound ghostshark belongs to the " big black chimaeras , " a group whose species number has exploded in recent years , thanks to improved diagnostic techniques , according to the new study , published in the September issue of the journal Zootaxa .
Chimaeras display some unusual features not seen in other living animals , Long said .
Male chimaeras , for example , have retractable sexual appendages sprouting from their foreheads .
These organs , which resemble a spiked club at the end of a stalk , may be used to stimulate a female or to pull her closer — though these are still assumptions , Long said .
Long said the odd fish shows how complex the deep ocean can be — as well as the vast potential for encountering weird new creatures .
Enlarge By Phil Coale , AP Store employee Jackie Steele straightens out the remaining boxes of Eggo frozen waffles on the shelf at Harvey 's Supermarket in Tallahassee , Fla . ATLANTA ( AP ) 
Kellogg says there will be a nationwide shortage of its popular Eggo frozen waffles until next summer because of interruptions in production at two of the four plants that make them .
The company 's Atlanta plant was shut down for an undisclosed period by a September storm that dumped historic amounts of rain in the area .
Meanwhile , several production lines at its largest bakery in Rossville , Tenn . are closed indefinitely for repairs , company spokeswoman Kris Charles said in an e-mail .
It will take until the middle of 2010 before shelves around the country are stocked at pre-shutdown levels , Charles said .
Already customers are noticing near - empty Eggo shelves on the freezer aisle at many grocery stores .
Stay - at - home mom Joey Resciniti says she bought one of the last two boxes of Eggos at a Walmart in Cranberry Township , Pa. , on Monday .
The frozen waffles are a favorite of her 4 - year - old daughter , Julia .
" We have eight of them , and if we ration those — maybe have half an Eggo in one sitting — then it'll last longer , " said Resciniti , who blogs about being a mother .
" I told my husband that maybe I need to put them on eBay . "
Charles did n't know how long the Atlanta plant was shut down , but said that it 's back at full production now .
The existing stock of Eggos will be distributed nationally based on stores ' sales histories of the waffles , Charles said .
" We are working around the clock to restore Eggo store inventories to normal levels as quickly as possible , " she wrote in the e-mail .
Eggo first hit the shelves in 1960 , and its cult following grew in the following years .
Kellogg started using the famed slogan " Leggo my Eggo " in 1972 .
For years , the waffles have been a staple for busy moms and college students looking for a quick breakfast .
This week , news of the shortage spread quickly on Twitter as shoppers reported not being able to find the breakfast food .
Fans of Eggos lamented their scarcity on the waffle 's Facebook page , which has more than 400 members .
Eggos are also made at plants in San Jose , Calif. , and Blue Anchor , N.J. Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Owner : Stanislav Mishin at stas.mishin71@gmail.com
" Whosoever shall come to us with the sword shall perish by it .
Upon this stood and stands the land of Russia " .
St Prince Alexander Nevsky , in the 13th century
IF GOD BE WITH US WHO CAN BE AGAINST US ?
Romans 8:31
Colorized simulation of what happens to 1100 carbon atoms in a " flat " sheet of graphene about 20 microseconds after the central atom is moved slightly upwards .
Darker violet colors indicate atoms that have dropped below their original position , whereas the lighter green colors show where atoms have risen .
Credit : V.K. Tewary , NIST
A theoretical physicist at the National Institute of Standards and Technology has developed a method for calculating the motions and forces of thousands of atoms simultaneously over a wider range of time scales than previously possible .
The method overcomes a longstanding timing gap in modeling nanometer - scale materials and many other physical , chemical and biological systems at atomic and molecular levels .
The new mathematical technique * can significantly improve modeling of atomic - scale processes that unfold over time , such as vibrations in a crystal .
Conventional molecular dynamics ( MD ) techniques can accurately model processes that occur in increments measured in picoseconds to femtoseconds ( trillionths to quadrillionths of a second ) .
Other techniques can be used over longer periods to model bulk materials but not at the molecular level .
The new NIST technique can access these longer time scales — in the critical range from nanoseconds to microseconds ( billionths to millionths of a second ) — at the molecular level .
Scientists can now measure and understand what happens at key points in time that were not previously accessible , and throughout the full spectrum of time scales of interest in MD , says developer Vinod Tewary .
Modeling of material properties and physical processes is a valuable aid and supplement to theoretical and experimental studies , in part because experiments are very difficult at the nanoscale .
MD calculations are usually based on the physics of individual atoms or molecules .
This traditional approach is limited not only by time scale , but also by system size .
It can not be extended to processes involving thousands of atoms or more because today 's computers — even supercomputers — cannot handle the billions of time steps required , Tewary says .
By contrast , his new method incorporates a " Green 's function , " a mathematical approach that can calculate the condition of a very large system over flexible time scales in a single step .
Thus , it overcomes the system size problem as well as the timing gap .
Tewary illustrated the new technique on two problems .
He showed how a pulse propagating through a string of atoms , initiated by moving the middle atom , could be modeled for just a few femtoseconds with conventional MD , whereas the NIST method works for several microseconds .
Tewary also calculated how ripples propagate in 1,100 carbon atoms in a sheet of graphene over periods up to about 45 microseconds , a problem that could not be solved previously .
Normally thought of as a static flat sheet , the atoms in graphene actually must undulate somehow to remain stable , and the new technique shows how these ripples propagate .
Consisting entirely of carbon atoms , graphene is a recently discovered honeycomb crystal material that may be an outstanding conductor for wires and other components in nanoscale electronics .
The new NIST technique is expected to enable modeling of many other processes that occur at time scales of nano - to microseconds , such as formation and growth of defects , conduction of heat , diffusion and radiation damage in materials .
The technique could improve results in many different fields , from modeling of new nanotechnologies in the design stage to simulating the radiation damage from a " dirty bomb " over time .
NIST researchers plan to write a software program encoding the new technique to make it available to other users .
More information : V.K. Tewary .
Extending time scale in molecular dynamics simulations : propagation of ripples in graphene .
Physical Review B , Vol. 80 , No. 16 .. Published online Oct. 22 , 2009 .
Source : National Institute of Standards and Technology ( news : web )
Explore further Speed Bumps Less Important Than Potholes for Graphene
The U.S. Air Force has a morale problem with its combat pilots .
The issue is lack of action for the pilots .
That , plus the increased use of unmanned aircraft , and the very real prospect that the age of the manned combat aircraft may be coming to an end .
This is made worse with hundreds of fighter pilots being assigned to operating Predator and Reaper UAVs .
This was not popular duty , even though the pilots still draw flight pay .
It is tedious work , although the UAV operators often saw more combat action than they did when piloting F - 16s or F - 15s .
The air force tried to deal with the morale problem by training non-pilots to be UAV operators , and making UAV operation a career field .
Some fighter pilots saw that as an opportunity , and considered switching permanently , rather than just doing three years with UAVs and then going back to manned aircraft .
But most pilots would rather fly in an aircraft .
A recent air force decision to transfer 100 pilots a year from flight school ( where they just graduated ) to UAV duty was very unpopular .
The air force had asked flight school graduates to volunteer for this , but none did so .
The air force is also considering changing the term UAV ( unmanned aerial vehicles ) to RPV ( remotely piloted vehicles ) , to stress the fact that there was still a pilot involved .
But that decision , if carried through , is in danger of being overtaken by events .
UAVs are increasingly equipped with flight control software that operates all by itself .
Many UAVs already use such software for takeoffs and landings .
Many people , including some generals in the air force , believe that its next generation fighter will not have a pilot on board .
Many air force generals admit that the F - 35 is probably the last manned fighter .
But some believe that the F - 35 will be facing stiff competition from pilotless fighters before F - 35 production is scheduled to end in 2034 .
UAV ( unmanned aerial vehicles ) are not particularly popular with many U.S. Air Force leaders , but that is not the case in many other countries .
Air force generals around the world see the unpiloted jet fighter as a way to break the monopoly the U.S. Air Force has had on air supremacy for the last sixty years .
Most Americans do n't even think of this long domination of the air , but potential enemies of the United States are well aware of it , and that domination has a profound effect on how those nations do their military planning .
In effect , if you think about going to war with the United States in the immediate future , you take for granted that American aircraft will control the skies above .
Robotic jet fighters could change that .
And this is forcing American air force generals to confront a very unsavory prospect ; a sixth generation fighter that is flown by software , not a pilot .
It 's not just that most of the those American air force generals began their careers as fighter pilots .
No , the reason is more practical .
American air superiority has largely been the result of superior pilots .
The U.S. did n't always have the best aircraft , but they always had the most talented and resourceful pilots .
And that 's what gave the U.S. its edge .
Will that translate to software piloted fighters ?
Research to date seems to indicate it will .
Meanwhile , simulations , using fighter flown by software , versus those flown by humans , have been used for over two decades .
The " software pilots " have gotten better , and better .
Moreover , a fighter without a pilot is more maneuverable ( because some maneuvers are too stressful on the human body . )
UAV fighters can be smaller , cheaper , stealthier and more expendable .
But the key to software pilots is the development of superior tactics , and artificial intelligence ( AI ) that is more capable than anything your opponent can come up with .
The U.S. Air Force , and several other air forces , have already created fighter pilot software , and now the United States , and Russia , are creating pilotless fighters .
Many air force generals are convinced that the pilotless fighters will perform as well for real , as they have in the simulations .
So convinced are U.S. Air Force generals , that they are seriously considering a sixth generation fighter that will not carry a human pilot .
Otherwise , enemy pilotless fighters would have an edge over the U.S. sixth generation aircraft .
The potential superiority of U.S. pilotless fighters is partly driven by the fact that most American fighter pilots are geeks .
Many can create software , and have a deep understanding of the many computers , and their software , that modern aircraft contain .
It 's the fighter pilots who will play a key role in creating the best " software pilots . "
Thus the thinking is that American control of the air will be maintained by a new generation combat aircraft controlled by software , not someone in a cockpit .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Adrian Sutil is confident his Force India team will be competitive at the Japanese Grand Prix following the disappointing showing of Singapore .
The Silverstone - based squad had been at the front in Belgium and Italy , but a lack of downforce meant it was not fast enough around the streets of Singapore last weekend .
But after topping the times in the wet second practice session on Friday , Sutil believes his team will be back on form in Japan .
" I 've had a lot of experience at this track from 2006 when I was here in Japanese F3 and I really like this circuit , " said Sutil .
" It 's a great track with lots of fast and high speed corners and a nice flow .
We did n't get the chance to do much driving today unfortunately .
" It was a really easy session this afternoon - just 10 minutes and my first lap was P1 !
This morning we did just 14 laps and things went quite well .
" I was confident we would be back on the pace in Suzuka and at the moment it looks like this : overall we are looking much better than in Singapore .
But still nobody really knows the score about the weather and dry set - ups so it will be an interesting weekend for sure . "
Tonio Liuzzi was also positive after setting the third quickest time , although the Italian admitted the weather conditions made things quite difficult .
" Today was quite a positive day even though the weather did n't help us , " Liuzzi said .
" It was a difficult situation and tomorrow it seems like it is going to change again .
" Overall the car worked very well in the wet weather conditions and also with the intermediate tyre balance and finally in the last five minutes we could try the extreme wet balance too .
Everything is responding and working well , although we do know tomorrow could be different if the weather changes , but we are optimistic . "
Here ’s the source code and slides from my Djangocon lightning talk about the X - Sendfile header .
from django.http import HttpResponse , Http404 from django.core.servers.basehttp import FileWrapper from django.conf import settings import mimetypes import os def basic_sendfile ( fname , download_name=None ) : if not os.path.exists ( fname ) : raise Http404 wrapper = FileWrapper ( open ( fname , " r " ) ) content_type = mimetypes.guess_type(fname ) [ 0 ] response = HttpResponse ( wrapper , content_type=content_type ) response [ ' Content - Length ' ] = os.path.getsize( fname ) if download_name : response [ ' Content - Disposition ' ] = " attachment ; filename= %s " %download_name return response def x_sendfile ( fname , download_name=None ) : if not os.path.exists ( fname ) : raise Http404 content_type = mimetypes.guess_type(fname ) [ 0 ] response = HttpResponse ('' , content_type=content_type ) response [ ' Content - Length ' ] = os.path.getsize( fname ) response [ ' X - Sendfile ' ] = fname if download_name : response [ ' Content - Disposition ' ] = " attachment ; filename= %s " % download_name return response if getattr ( settings , 'SENDFILE ' , False ) == ' x_sendfile ' : sendfile = x_sendfile else : sendfile = basic_sendfile
Here are the slides : X - Sendfile Slides
The sight of airline cabin crews trying to mollify enraged passengers has become all too common .
But a recent Air India flight added a twist when crew members mid-flight started punching each other in front of startled passengers .
Accounts of what happened differ now that everyone ’s back on the ground .
Exactly who started the brawl and why got a bit lost in the clouds , though one flight attendant has accused a crew member of trying to molest her .
What no one disputes is that with New Delhi - bound Flight IC - 844 cruising at 30,000 feet over Pakistan around 4 a.m.
Saturday , the cockpit and cabin crews broke into fisticuffs .
The ruckus spilled from the cockpit into the galley area in full view of the 106 passengers , prompting the pilot to threaten an emergency landing in Karachi , the commercial capital of India ’s longtime adversary .
The flight managed to stay on course from the United Arab Emirates to the Indian city of Lucknow and then Delhi .
Advertisement
The pilot and chief purser will probably stay on terra firma for a while following their suspension Tuesday by Air India pending an investigation into the fight and allegations of sexual harassment .
“ What a scandal , man , ” said A.J.S. Walia , a former Indian vice air marshal , now head of Sikorsky Aircraft ’s Indian operation .
“ What an immature act on everyone ’s part . ”
With regulators , analysts and the media fretting over the safety implications , the flag carrier quickly sought to reassure the public that the cockpit was never unmanned .
At least one media report suggested , however , that both pilots were well out of their seats during the melee .
Police are probing alleged “ assault or use of criminal force against a woman with intent to outrage her modesty . ”
Advertisement
A spat started at Sharjah airport in the United Arab Emirates during a preflight check , according to Indian media , official statements and information leaked from an ongoing investigation .
Based on flight attendant Komal ’s version -- the 24 - year - old provided only her first name -- her takeoff announcement angered flight commander Ranbeer Arora , who called her into the cockpit and , along with copilot Aditya Chopra , sharply criticized her , making her feel “ uncomfortable as a woman . ”
Komal said she left the cockpit and explained to flight purser Amit Khanna what had happened .
The two were then called back into the cockpit , Komal told reporters , at which point the pilots became aggressive and pushed her out , bruising her and leaving the purser and pilots to go at it .
Another flight attendant , Chhavi Jaggarwal , said in a statement that Arora hit Komal and that the two pilots used abusive language and appeared livid that Komal had n’t greeted them respectfully .
Advertisement
“ She was totally shaken up and was crying and she had bruises on her hand as if she was manhandled , ” Jaggarwal said .
“ Even [ business - class ] passengers were standing and observing everything . ”
In his version , the flight commander said he queried Komal about her tardiness in completing various procedures .
A few minutes later , purser Khanna banged aggressively on the cockpit door , entered and used “ un- parliamentary language . ”
When copilot Chopra rose to evict Khanna , Arora said , the copilot was manhandled by Khanna , leaving Chopra ’s lips bloody .
Whatever the details , the pilots would have been badly distracted , experts said .
Furthermore , the incident took place around dawn when the body ’s circadian rhythms tend to be at a low point .
“ The commander should never have compromised safety , ” said Sajed Mumtaz , a former Air India trainer and flight supervisor .
“ You wait and handle these problems on the ground . ”
Advertisement
The incident reflects a long - standing divide between cockpit and flight crews .
“ Since time immemorial , pilots have always been highhanded , ” said Bhavna Tiwari , a longtime flight attendant and now a teacher at the Frankfinn Institute of Air Hostess Training in New Delhi .
That said , the captain is boss , she added .
And even if a flight attendant feels sexually harassed , she can back away or file a complaint with the union .
“ This whole incident was a bit weird , ” Tiwari said .
“ I see things from the flight attendant ’s perspective , but it ’s essential to remain professional . ”
Advertisement
Several aviation experts said they could n’t remember a similar case of aircrew rage .
The closest recent incident may have been in October 2008 , when the heir to the French fashion house Hermes , Mathias Guerrand - Hermes , allegedly grabbed at an Air France pilot ’s crotch in an apparently drunken midair attack .
Air India , a former monopoly with an aging fleet and a poor on - time record , has struggled in recent years to compete with lower - cost private airlines .
Saturday ’s fight came a few days after the government stepped in to halt a four - day pilots strike , nixing the carrier ’s bid to cut the wages of many of its 32,000 workers -- twice the staff needed , by some accounts -- in an attempt to pare its $ 3 billion in accumulated losses .
“ This airline is a disgrace .
They ’ve ground it into the ground , ” said Madhu Kishwar , head of a women ’s advocacy group , who had just canceled her ticket to New York .
“ I think this airline should die , and I ’m doing my small part to make it happen . ”
Advertisement
State - owned Air India , which some critics have dubbed a white elephant , has had several mishaps over the years .
India badly needs an independent regulator and safety board , said safety expert Mohan Ranganathan , a former Air India pilot .
In the mid-1980s , a disgruntled flight crew whose two members were n’t talking failed to deploy their aircraft ’s landing gear on arrival in Kolkata .
No one was killed .
Their licenses were revoked , Ranganathan said , but political connections and threats of a lawsuit saw them reinstated .
In June 2008 , Air India flight IC - 162 from Dubai , United Arab Emirates , overshot the Mumbai airport by 45 miles after its pilots fell asleep .
The “ nap in the sky ” ended when air traffic controllers jolted the pair awake by causing a loud buzzer to go off in the cockpit .
This year , an Air India flight narrowly missed colliding with the president ’s helicopter at the Mumbai airport .
Advertisement
Incidents such as these make some fear the airline may be complacent .
“ They ’ve been very lucky not to have a fatal incident since 2000 , ” when a pilot approaching the Patna airport lost control and crashed , killing 55 on board and five on the ground , Ranganathan said .
“ This gives them a false sense of security .
I think they almost need another fatal crash to wake up . ”
--
mark.magnier@latimes.com
GERMAN FLAME THROWER ON PZ KW 3 CHASSIS
a. The Tank
German flame - throwing tanks were noted in Tactical and Technical Trends , No. 19 , p. 9 , and in No. 39 , p. 9 , a Pz Kw 2 tank was described , mounted with two small flame throwers on the front end of the track guards .
At that time , it seemed odd that a more powerful projector should not be installed in the turret .
Such a tank has now appeared .
Flame - thrower Pz Kw 3 tanks were taken on the Italian front , some in good condition .
A front view of this tank is shown in figure 1 .
FIG .
1 : FLAME - THROWER TANK
(1) External Appearance
The flame - throwing tank has a special type of flame thrower mounted on some available chassis .
Reports indicate that flame - throwing apparatus is designed to be adaptable to any model of tanks , light as well as heavy .
The tank here described is a standard Pz Kw 3 with six bogies and three return rollers .
The chassis , hull and turret are identical with the ordinary tank .
An additional armor plate 1.18 inch thick has been welded to the front of the chassis and another of like thickness forms the curved shield protecting the front of the turret and the flame gun .
This shield is pierced for one coaxially mounted machine gun , and another is mounted in the usual position in the right front of the hull , opposite the driver 's vision slit .
Smoke projectors of three tubes each are mounted on each side of the front edge of the turret .
For comparison see figures 2 and 3 .
The markings are the standard black - and - white German crosses on the right rear of the chassis , and a little in front of the center roller .
Organizational numbers appear on the two sides of the turret directly above the black - and - white cross .
Two tanks captured in good condition were marked respectively , F. 23 and F. 24 .
(2) Flame Gun
At first sight , the flame gun which projects 5.28 feet beyond the curved shield of the turret , has the identical appearance of the usual 50 - mm tank cannon .
Even the short reinforcing jacket is simulated .
However , the barrel has no taper whatever , and if seen from the muzzle end , is thin - walled , like a shotgun barrel .
This " gun " is actually the cover for the flame - projector tube .
The muzzle end of the gun is detachable , forming a flame shield designed to facilitate the burning of the flame - oil by having four openings cut in the sides , .4 inch wide and 4.9 inches long , see figure 4 .
The top and side openings are shielded to prevent the dropping of unburned flame oil on the top of the tank .
Within the turret , a counter - balance weight is attached to the breech of the gun for ease in vertical alignment .
Elevation and traverse are controlled by the tank commander through two hand wheels -- the right controlling elevation , the left the swing of the turret .
The maximum elevation of the flame gun is about 530 mils ( 30 degrees ) ; the depression , 180 mils ( 10 degrees ) .
The indicated horizontal traverse is approximately 800 mils ( 44 degrees ) right and left of center .
An indicator with a dial numbered clockwise from 1 to 12 to indicate the position of the turret with reference to the forward motion of the tank is placed near the hand wheels .
Comment
The turret does NOT have an all - round traverse and no machine gun fires rearward .
This flame - thrower tank therefore appears to be more vulnerable to attacks of tank - destroyer squads than the gun-carrying model .
(3) Mechanical Operation
Pressure for the flame - thrower fluid is obtained by the operation of an auxiliary two - cylinder motor driving a rotary pump located in the left rear of the tank .
Flame - oil pressure is indicated by a pressure gage directly in front of the tank commander , graduated from 0 to 250 units .
The flame - oil release is obtained by the dual operation of a right - foot pedal and an electric control mounted above and behind the pressure gage .
At the muzzle of the flame gun are two pilot jets ; two electric , ground - return igniters , and one opening .394 inch in diameter for the ejection of the flame fluid .
(4) Sighting
Aiming is accomplished by the tank commander sighting through an improvised rear sight , two millimeters ( .08 inch ) square and mounted in the turret directly in the rear of the shatter - proof - glass vision slit , and aligning the target with an improvised front sighting device mounted on top of the exterior base of the flame gun ( see figure 5 ) .
The elevation for estimated target range is obtained by elevating the flame gun so that the line of sight passes over the selected one of three metal horizontal projections , attached to the vertical bar of the front sight .
Elevated to range , the gun is kept trained on the target as the tank approaches .
As the sights are aligned , the commander presses the electric control and the right - foot pedal .
In short bursts the flaming oil is sprayed upon the target , the liquid sticking and burning with intense heat upon the object it touches .
The range is normally from 55 to 65 yards ; maximum , 84 .
(5) Fuel Tanks and Flame Oil
The flame - oil fuel tanks consist of two welded metal containers of approximately 40 to 50 gallons each , mounted beside the tank commander on the right and left of the chassis , set low enough to allow free rotation of the turret , and fitted with meter gages .
The fuel is a thin , black , sticky oil smelling strongly of creosote , which showed upon analysis the following composition by volume :
Light oils up to 170° 39.0 percent Medium or carbolic oils from 170 to 230° 17.4
Heavy oils or creosote from 230 to 270° 4.2 Medium oils or ( coal tar ? ) oils , 270° 21.5 Residual difference at 100 17.9
(6) Accessories
( a) Smoke Projectors
Two three - barreled smoke projectors are bolted to the forward sides of the turret and with the center barrel approximately aligned with it , all having an elevation of about 44 degrees .
The two outer barrels fire laterally right and left from the center barrel at approximately 20 degrees .
These are fired electrically from a lid-covered firing box on the inside of the turret .
Each button of the box set is connected with one barrel of the projector .
The projectile used is the standard smokepot weighing about five or six pounds , which can be projected an estimated distance of from 150 to 200 yards .
The pot produces an opaque , light - gray cloud for about two minutes .
( b) Radio
A pair of radio head sets for intertank or interior communication are supplied to the driver and commander for listening , and connected parallel with the radio operator for inner-phone communication .
( c) Demolition Charge
For the destruction of the tank in case of imminent capture , a demolition charge is provided .
The one examined weighed about 8.5 pounds , and was 15 inches long , 3.54 inches in diameter , containing a dense , white solid -- perhaps nitro-starch .
A fuze screwed into a booster , and a soft , gray - iron hanging strap for fastening the charge to an object were attached .
The charge fitted snugly into a metal carrying case .
(d) Very Pistol
A Very pistol was carried on the right side of the turret behind the commander 's right shoulder , with two boxes of 12 colored flares each , one in the rear of the commander 's seat , the other beside the turret machine gun .
Red , blue or violet , green and white cartridges were provided .
Their signal meaning is changed by order of the commanding officer , but it is believed the following apply :
Red - Enemy attacking Blue or violet - Attack by tanks Green - Help
White -
We are here Flares fired into the enemy 's lines - We are withdrawing .
(e) Miscellaneous Accessories
Spare multi-layer vision - slit glasses for the commander and driver , totalling 3.34 inches in thickness , were stored in racks .
There were also three fire extinguishers , standard gas masks for the crew , and a spare smokepot .
In one tank a rack of black egg - grenades 3 inches long by 2 inches in diameter were found .
Racks for four fire extinguishers were provided on Pz Kw 3 flame - throwing tanks , two for the tank commander , one for the tank driver and one mounted on the outside of the tank .
(7) Crew
The crew apparently consists of four -- commander , driver , radio operator , and turret machine gunner .
b. Tactical Use
(1) Tank Attack
Two Pz Kw 4's and a Pz Kw 3 flame thrower attacked a platoon position unsupported by AT guns in the following manner : the two Pz Kw 4's opened fire at 400 yards with machine guns from a hull - down position .
Still firing , they advanced to about 200 yards where they remained , continuously firing their machine guns .
At the same time , the flame thrower advanced between the two , actually reached the platoon in spite of machine - and Bren - gun fire , and sprayed the men at close range .
Other data indicates that the flame - throwers are usually attached to units of Pz Kw 4 tanks in the ratio of two or three flame throwers to 20 or 25 standard tanks .
Their greatest value comes into play when darkness , smoke , or weather conditions make possible a close approach .
Against woods , trenches , blockhouses or buildings , flame thrower tanks force defenders into the open where they can be attacked with small - arms fire .
Buildings up to four stories in height can be successfully attacked .
The Pz Kw 3 was extensively employed at the siege of Stalingrad .
(2) Target Area
The most vulnerable target areas are the vision slits of the tank commander and driver , the area of the center roller on the side , and the right side of the rear end of the chassis .
This is also the best target for Molotov cocktails .
Pale Is The New Tan
A blog on terrible looking tans
Proving once and for all that he really was the only true Republican in the race , the loser in the election to represent New York 's 23rd District is now sobbing that ACORN cost him the election .
And apparently they pelted the teabagger candidate with nuts until he was " forced to concede . "
With his prospect of winning the 23rd Congressional District race now almost zero , Conservative Party candidate Douglas L. Hoffman suggested Wednesday in a letter that “ ACORN , the unions and the Democratic Party ” “ tampered ” with results to deny him victory .
Mr. Hoffman provided no evidence to support his claims , but asked fellow conservatives to send donations his way to “ ensure every vote is counted . ”
Jerry O. Eaton , Jefferson County Republican elections commissioner , called Mr. Hoffman 's assertion “ absolutely false . ”
Outraged teabaggers can go to Hoffman 's website and see no evidence surface -- although the URL is pretty convincing .
Give it up , Mr. Hoffman .
Swallow your loss and move on .
Tareq Salahi , a polo- playing winemaker , and his wife , Michaele Salahi -- the White House crashers who sashayed into the most closely guarded party in the world -- fall into an emerging mold :
Those who'll risk jail time for a fleeting shot at fame .
So why are people crashing the White House and setting off silver helium balloons for a show ?
Call it the Punk ’d Age , where propriety cries out for a good prank and where all the world -- even the White House -- is a stage .
And as “ Octomom ” has shown , getting noticed works .
Harry Shearer , the radio host and himself a famous guy , takes note on the Huffington Post : “ It was obvious something was adrift , or ajar , when the phrase ‘ reality - TV star ’ began to be written and uttered with no trace of irony , even as more and more of these folks became involved this year in various serious crimes . ”
The Salahis follow in the footsteps of others desperate to shake their obscurity in order to become one of a rather crowded field of household names .
The “ Octomom , ” Nadya Suleman , parlayed an in - vitro procedure and an Angelina Jolie obsession into a pop culture phenomenon and a lucrative British documentary .
Colorado dad Richard Heene , who falsely claimed that his son had boarded an errant breakaway helium balloon , pleaded guilty to a felony after admitting it was all a hoax intended to drum up buzz for a potential TV show .
Reality TV is even being broached by fading personalities in order to revive their public careers .
Tom DeLay , the former Republican House leader , competed last season on “ Dancing with the Stars , ” and former Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich turned his legislative hijinks -- including the alleged selling of a US Senate seat -- into a stint on Donald Trump ’s “ Celebrity Apprentice . ”
Moreover , an increasingly desperate and fragmented media world is ready to push any Internet phenom out onto the broader waves , driving the growing obsession with fame at all costs .
Robert Thompson , a pop culture expert at Syracuse University , told the Wall Street Journal : " The media business is the new Ellis Island : Give me your talentless , give me your hoaxes and I will put anything on my air . ”
But there ’s a darker side , too :
In the Salahis case , economic troubles may have ratcheted the couple ’s predilection for pranks to a new , distressing level .
Mr. Salahi is reportedly trying to stave off a $ 1 million debt in order to save his winery .
The couple apparently managed to convince producers for Bravo TV , who are casting for “ The Real Housewives of D.C. , ” that they had an invitation to the White House State Dinner , the President ’s first .
The two gatecrashers were seen exiting a car with a TV crew , including a makeup woman .
They somehow got past the first line of Secret Service gate checkers and after that it was smooth sailing .
Looking like any other DC power couple in a tux and glimmering red dress , the couple worked the receiving line , and got snapshots with Joe Biden , Rahm Emmanuel and even the boss , President Obama himself , all of which were promptly posted on Facebook .
The Secret Service has categorically denied that the Salahis were invited .
Though embarrassing for the Secret Service , it ’s clear the couple never posed a danger to the president , other than the notion by some that Ms. Salahi could have given the President a peck wearing poison lipstick .
As most reporters -- many of whom are veteran gate - crashes at parties they were n’t invited to -- are aware , there are always weaknesses in any security cordon .
And though the Salahis may be looking at criminal charges , is it really a crime to go to a party without an invitation ?
Are you at fault if you ’re savvy or well - dressed enough to get waved in ?
“ Crashing a party , even at The White House , does not rise to the level of a federal crime , so much as indicate dismay that the officials in charge were not able to keep the riff raff out , ” the HuffPo ’s Michael Russnow writes .
Even TV producers seem taken aback by this rash of fame - hunters staking it all on publicity stunts that are both ethically and legally questionable .
Former TV executive Michael Hirschorn told the New York Times that prospective “ stars ” are becoming smarter about “ self - producing ” in order wow to producers and maybe , just maybe , score a show .
All of which may be in our historical nature .
" Americans are exhibitionists by nature , and have been so for generations , perhaps as an ongoing , unresolved reaction against the country 's original Puritanism , which censured blusterers and showoffs , ” writes the Daily Beast ’s Tunku Varadarajan .
“ This is a large and competitive country , in which the most reliable way to catch the eye , or to rise above the throng is … to catch the eye and rise above the throng .
Of course , when an entire throng is trying to rise above itself , an epidemic of free - form vulgarity and solipsism ensues . "
-----
Follow us on Twitter .
NASA Administrator Charlie Bolden has asked for a “ Special Team ” at the Marshall Space Flight Center ( MSFC ) to evaluate the Heavy Lift alternatives – including DIRECT ’s Jupiter launch vehicle – as a “ top priority ” .
The team has been asked to create a report on their findings in time for Thanksgiving , in an apparent reaction to the final Augustine Commission report – which will be published on Thursday .
SD HLLV ( HLV ) Latest :
The Space Shuttle Program ( SSP ) is coming to the end of an evaluation phase on the “ currently favored ” Heavy Lift Vehicle ( HLV ) – otherwise known as the Shuttle Derived Heavy Lift Launch Vehicle ( SD HLLV ) , as they move into a consultation period with the Constellation Program ( CxP ) .
The vehicle , side mounted to the current design of the External Tank , is a true Shuttle Derived concept , with heritage from a previous concept known as Shuttle - C .
The concept is capable of launching 80mt ( metric tons ) into Low Earth Orbit ( LEO ) and around 54mt to the moon .
See Also Constellation Forum Sections
L2 Shuttle Extension Section
L2 Ares/ HLV / Orion Sections
Click here to Join L2
Over the past couple of months , numerous status reports have been posted on the Shuttle Standup / Integration reports – which SSP use to bring the teams up to date on vehicle and program status .
The vast majority of updates have been positive , as the well - oiled Shuttle teams took a deeper look into the concept at the request of the Augustine Commission .
The concept appeared to suffer from only one drawback – via the large mass its payload carrier – before that was cleared as part of the “ no showstoppers ” conclusion last month .
Following a presentation of their findings to Bill Gerstenmaier , Associate Administrator of the Space Operations Mission Directorate ( SOMD ) , the HLV concept has since been presented to the directors of both the Johnson Space Center ( JSC ) and MSFC ( this week ) .
The latest update also noted that the concept is now in a dialog stage with the Constellation Program , with the aim of receiving feedback .
“ Heavy Lift Launch Vehicle ( HLV ) ( NASA / JSC ) : HLV presented to the Center Director and had a good discussion .
Got a bunch of questions and some actions , ” noted this week ’s opening Shuttle Standup / Integration report ( L2 ) .
“ One action was to brief the Cx Program and other Centers about what they are doing .
So , on Friday they presented to the Cx Program and had many questions from them .
Starting to have a dialog .
“ This week , HLV will go to MSFC to brief the Center Director .
Have put out a preliminary draft of a HLV FAQ ( Frequently Asked Questions ) document .
Looking for feedback . ”
HLV Special Team / Jupiter :
It was via an update on last week ’s Standup report that the first mention was made relating to a “ Special Team ” that has been ordered to evaluate the other HLV alternative vehicles .
With the SSP HLV team asked to support this MSFC - based effort , the standup noted this had become the top priority .
“ HLV has been asked to support a special team looking at evaluating HLV alternatives , ” noted the report .
“ The HLV Team is now treating this as a top priority .
A report will be ready by Thanksgiving . ”
Further inquires into the specific evaluations being carried out by the Special Team revealed that all viable – per the Augustine Commission ’s initial options – HLV alternatives are being looked at “ fairly ” , with General Bolden himself responsible for ordering the report .
Sources note that the DIRECT team ’s Jupiter launch system – an updated version of MSFC ’s very own NLS ( National Launch System ) concept from the 1990s – has dominated early discussions at the Special Team meetings .
This runs parallels with the Augustine Commission , which presented the SD HLLV and Jupiter launch vehicle as the top two “ Shuttle Derived ” options during presentations over the last couple of months .
Both of the SD options are also deemed as the best route to cater for the extension of the Shuttle Program .
Ironically , it was an earlier MSFC study which found “ serious issues ” with Jupiter ’s performance and capabilities , whilst claiming the vehicles lacked the “ operational safety and simplicity ” of Ares .
Those findings led to a 100 page rebuttal document being published by the DIRECT team .
The Special Team have also been asked to look into the CONOPs ( Concept of Operations ) for the HLV alternatives , although such an effort will be somewhat open - ended , as a final forward path for NASA ’s exploration strategy is yet to be confirmed .
Waiting for the forward path :
With job losses already being suffered by the shuttle workforce , managers continue to send out updates to their employees on when NASA can expect to have a clear forward path , which – according to SSP manager John Shannon – is not expected until December at the earliest .
“ The entire conversation – at the JSC Senior Staff Retreat – revolved around workforce requirements over the next few years .
There are a great deal of rumors floating around , but little hard information , ” noted Mr Shannon via the Standup report .
“ The week after Thanksgiving , the November Passback will be put out and this should clarify the near - term NASA budget .
“ The Agency has demonstrated a strong commitment to exploration .
SSP expertise will be tapped to support this goal .
No decisions are being made at this time , as we await the budget information .
Beginning in December and through the early part of next year , all of the stakeholders will convene to lay out the way forward . ”
While Shuttle Extension remains on the cards – at least until the end of this year – as one of the options available to President Obama via the Augustine Commission ’s findings , Mr Shannon has been consistent in not intimating the likelihood of any addition to the six remaining flights on the manifest .
“ Everyone must remain calm and focused on the task at hand .
We have six flights ahead of us , with this coming year likely to be very challenging and filled with complicated missions , ” Mr Shannon added .
“ We must make sure that we continue to do everything to the best of our ability .
“ After this is accomplished , we can turn our eyes back towards exploration .
All future plans are keyed on operating the SSP correctly and safely performing its tasks over the coming year .
( I have ) absolute confidence in the Team being able to accomplish this work . ”
Altair Defunded :
On the subject of exploration , the state of NASA ’s plans continue to deteriorate , with sources noting they were informed on Monday that the Altair Lunar Lander project has been defunded .
No official statement has been made at this time .
Very little has been heard from the Altair Program since heading into the opening development cycles ( DACs ) last year , which had been building from the Minimum Functionality Approach – as the relatively small team went about defining the lander concept .
The last cycle of the lander baseline , which was known simply as the ‘ p711 - b Lunar Lander ’ , had visible heritage in the ESAS ( Exploration Systems Architecture Study ) ’ spider lander ’ .
This concept was expected to change during downstream DACs – related to numerous elements , including the capabilities of the Ares V that was tasked to lift it into space .
With large scale funding shortages across the Constellation Program , and no realistic – from a monetary and schedule standpoint – lunar plans being built , the decision to end or mothball the Altair Program may be strategic , although it is likely they simply ran out of money .
With all of Constellation ’s efforts being focused on the Ares I program – a vehicle that wo n’t be ready in time to launch to the ISS before it is currently scheduled to be deorbited and many years from playing a role in a Lunar mission – the need for increased funding is being made ever more apparent by decision makers at NASA , as the Agency continues to move towards a gap of up to seven years in human space flight capability .
L2 members : Documentation – from which the above article has quoted snippets – is available in full in the related L2 sections , now over 4000 gbs in size .
SEOUL , South Korea  North Korea said Tuesday that it had detained an American citizen who the government said had illegally entered the reclusive country from China .
The brief dispatch by the North ’s official news agency , K.C.N.A. , did not identify the person , who it said was under interrogation by the authorities .
It said the intruder crossed the river border into North Korea on Thursday .
An American missionary from Tucson entered North Korea from China on Friday .
The missionary , Robert Park , 28 , had said he intended to persuade the North ’s leader , Kim Jong - il , to release political prisoners and that he hoped to get arrested to bring attention to his cause , according to human rights activists in Seoul .
It was not possible to determine whether the person arrested by the North was Mr. Park .
Mr. Park was carrying a Bible and a letter urging the Mr. Kim Jong - il to release all political prisoners from the country ’s notorious concentration camps , the activists said .
MATALIN’S ALTERNATE UNIVERSE ….
Mary Matalin , one of CNN ’s more brazen partisan hacks , was complaining bitterly about the Obama White House yesterday , and whined that the president “ never gives a speech where he does n’t explicitly or implicitly look backwards . ”
In literally the next breath , Matalin proceeded to look backwards .
“ I was there [ in the Bush White House ] .
We inherited a recession from President Clinton and we inherited the most tragic attack on our own soil in our nation ’s history .
And President Bush dealt with it .
And within a year of his presidency at this comparable time , unemployment was at 5 percent .
And we were creating jobs . ”
As a factual matter , Matalin , as is usually the case , does n’t have the foggiest idea what she ’s talking about .
Bush did n’t “ inherit ” the attacks of 9/11 — they happened more than eight months into Bush ’s presidency , after his administration largely ignored warnings about the threat .
Bush did n’t “ inherit ” a recession — it began in March 2001 .
Matalin did n’t even get the unemployment numbers right .
Putting aside Matalin ’s striking detachment from reality , though , there are two broader angles to keep in mind here .
The first is the hypocrisy — throughout 2009 , Republicans and their allies shriek every time President Obama references the challenges he “ inherited . ”
Pointing out the spectacular failures of the last administration has somehow become verboten , as if it ’s a sign of presidential weakness .
But notice Matalin ’s contradiction —
Obama is n’t supposed to reflect on what he inherited , but as long as we ’re on the subject , let ’s all reflect on what Bush inherited , even if the claims themselves are demonstrably wrong .
The second is the hackery .
Bush was arguably one of the biggest and most painful presidential failures in American history , which makes Republican operatives like Matalin all the more anxious to keep the “ blame Clinton for everything ” meme going strong , even now .
The underlying spin is n’t exactly compelling .
The Matalin pitch , in a nutshell , is , “ Sure , Obama inherited the Great Recession , two wars , a job market in freefall , a huge deficit , and crushing debt , a health care system in shambles , a climate crisis , an ineffective energy policy , an equally ineffective immigration policy , a housing crisis , the collapse of the U.S. auto industry , a mess at Gitmo , and a severely tarnished global reputation .
But what Bush got from Clinton was n’t exactly a walk in the park . ”
Except it was .
After cleaning up H.W. Bush ’s mess , Clinton bequeathed a prosperous , peaceful country , held in high regard around the world , with a shrinking debt , and surpluses far into the future .
There was a burgeoning terrorist threat emerging , but Clinton ’s team provided Bush with the necessary tools and warnings necessary to keep the nation safe .
Bush failed miserably , despite having been given an incredible opportunity to succeed .
Matalin would have us believe Bush “ inherited ” a mess .
If she were capable of shame , she ought to be embarrassed peddling such nonsense on national television .
Here in the New Clubmoor Hall in Norris Green , Liverpool , they 're selling Bateman 's Light Dinner Ale at 6d a bottle .
The reek of Nelson 's Tipped and Senior Service cigarettes fills the air .
Moody boys in slim suits and slick DAs mooch about the dancefloor .
In front of them glamorous girls in pencil skirts and fitted jackets , their hair immobilised by spray , stare at the modest stage .
Everyone is watching the boys in the group .
The teenage musicians are trying out their new guitarist .
They first met him when they played at a church fête in nearby Woolton .
The group 's scowls – who was this young pretty boy ?
– had turned to smiles when he demonstrated a mean way with Eddie Cochran 's Twenty Flight Rock .
Pretty good for a left - hander .
The kid was in .
Now , three months later , the group are ready to rock 'n 'roll for the first time .
" Next , ladies and gentlemen , " says the singer by way of introducing their new guitarist , " the Scouse Duane Eddy will play Movin ' ' N' Groovin ' . "
It is 18 October 1957 and the Quarrymen are experiencing their first modest taste of fame .
This new musical partnership , between 17 - year - old John Lennon and 15 - year - old Paul McCartney , might be on to something .
Over 50 years later , in April 2009 , in a time - capsule Irish pub in the north - west London suburb of Sudbury Hill – standing in for the late 50s Liverpool social club – Sam Taylor - Wood is controlling the action on day 41 of the 45 - day shoot for Nowhere Boy , the artist turned director 's depiction of the early life of John Winston Lennon .
The screenplay is by Matt Greenhalgh , writer of Control , the acclaimed biopic of Joy Division 's Ian Curtis , and is adapted from the first half of the memoir Imagine This – Growing Up With My Brother John Lennon by Julia Baird .
It has been a fairly quick - fire shoot , with filming taking place here , in Pinner , in Liverpool and at Ealing Studios .
There have been myriad period details to attend to , and not just the normal issues of accurate set dressing ( the number of cars in the streets in the early 50s ; the brands of beer the social club would sell ) – because the producers know the eyes of legions of Beatles obsessives will be on them .
Did the earth move for Lennon when he heard Screamin ' Jay Hawkins 's I Put a Spell on You , a single he received from a " Cunard Yank " seaman down Liverpool docks , and if so , what label was it on ?
Did McCartney use his little finger to play the B7 chord ?
Would the Quarrymen have used Reslo microphones , and did the teenage Lennon favour a Zenith Model 17 guitar , the teenage McCartney a Gallotone Champion ?
( The answers : yes ; Okeh ; yes – after he got a bus across Liverpool to learn it ; yes ; no and no – it was the other way around . )
Ensuring the featured songs and the musical performances are accurate and credible has been another priority for the film - makers .
" We took the decision early on , " says producer Kevin Loader , " that you 've got to cast the best actors you can find and then school them in the music . "
Thus 19 - year old Aaron Johnson was given the lead role not because he was a Lennon lookalike or a natural - born rock 'n'roller .
" He came in to auditions and would n't engage , " recalls Taylor - Wood .
" He was very much in his own world .
He had the right intensity . "
Enter Nowhere Boy 's music consultant Ben Parker .
He started teaching the Buckinghamshire - born Johnson how to play guitar , sing and hold himself like Lennon last December .
With the aid of vocal coach Penny Dyer , they worked on emulating Lennon 's particular Scouse accent , then his singing voice – " John sang from the twang of his own speaking voice , " says Parker , one of several self - confessed Beatles fanatics working on the production .
Eighteen months ago music supervisor Ian Neil began a " feasibility study " of the songs the soundtrack would need .
He had 10 % of the film 's £ 6.7 m budget to spend on securing the rights to the classic rock 'n ' roll tunes fundamental to the story .
Could they use Chuck Berry 's Guitar Boogie , part of the Quarrymen 's repertoire ?
Would featuring Elvis Presley tunes bust the bank ?
And to what degree , exactly , should the music of Lennon and McCartney feature ?
Little wonder the pressure is showing here on the fringes of London on this rainy spring day .
" I 'm going to need a stint in an opium den in Marrakech after this , " sighs Taylor - Wood .
" I need some heavy drugs to disintegrate everything . "
She 's joking , of course .
A music fanatic who 's made concert films for the Pet Shop Boys , a video for Elton John and a short film named after Buzzcocks ' Love You More , she lobbied hard to make Nowhere Boy after being handed the script by her friend Joe Wright ( director of Atonement ) .
The 42 - year - old director admits she 's sad at the prospect of the shoot ending – and not just because , as it will later transpire , she has embarked on a relationship with her leading man .
Imagine that , an artist falling in love with Lennon .
" I know , is n't it amazing ? " says Yoko
Ono when we speak a few months later .
" It 's not a fictitious situation , " Lennon 's widow says of Nowhere Boy , " it 's very fateful . "
How to depict a legend ?
How to cast fresh light on one of the greatest – and most over - analysed – musicians of the rock and pop era ?
" There was a point where I suddenly felt , I 'm in the middle of a hell of a lot of powerful people , " remembers Taylor - Wood .
She means Ono , McCartney and the other keepers of the Beatles flame ( a young George Harrison also features in the film ) .
" You think , ' Oh dear God , I 've just taken on one of the biggest icons in the world , ' " she continues .
" It 's a real person .
The family are still here .
I want to make this as sensitive to all of them as possible .
How am I going to do this without upsetting one of them ?
" So I did have a moment where I just thought , ' I do n't know if I can do this . '
Then I got in the car and turned the ignition on and Lennon came on the radio and I thought , ' OK I 'm doing this . ' "
The song was ( Just Like ) Starting Over .
Nonetheless : what new was there to say ?
Taylor - Wood , a first - time feature film director , answers by saying what she wanted to avoid .
" I did n't want to make a biopic .
I did n't want to do the birth and the launch and the beginning .
That was n't interesting to me .
It was really the story of this relationship between these two women and how they fed into Lennon 's imagination and his music .
The powerful influence that these really strong women had on him . "
" These two women " are Lennon 's mother Julia and his Aunt Mimi , who raised him as her own .
Free - spirited Julia ( played by Anne- Marie Duff ) had a chaotic life : John 's father was away at sea for much of the Second World War , and he remained largely absent after it ; during the war Julia fell pregnant to another serviceman ; then Julia met a third man ( played by David Morrissey ) and bore him two daughters .
Prim and proper sister Mimi ( Kristin Scott Thomas ) felt this was no environment for a young boy and " stole " John to live with her ( at her house , Mendips , now a National Trust property donated to the nation by Yoko Ono ) .
In the film we see Julia wheeling back into John 's life when he 's 15 .
He 's dazzled by this glamorous woman he has to see behind his auntie 's back .
Julia takes him to Blackpool on a day out , introduces him to rock 'n ' roll via Presley 's Teddy Bear , teaches him how to play the banjo and explains that rock 'n ' roll means sex .
Several scenes allude to the son's Oedipal feelings for his mother , a controversial line taken in Philip Norman 's recent biography , John Lennon : The Life , but not , unsurprisingly , in Lennon 's sister 's book .
" I did n't want to overplay that sexual stuff , " says Matt Greenhalgh , " but here 's a boy at 15 who was raging , as boys do at that age .
And he meets this amazing , beautiful woman that he does n't really know .
OK , she 's his mother but she still lights up his world . "
What similarities – if any – does the screenwriter see between his depictions of Lennon and Ian Curtis , troubled and ultimately tragic northern icons both ?
" It 's people trying to find love through becoming artists .
A need to be loved .
But whereas I love Control for its darkness , Nowhere Boy is about the joy of rock 'n'roll .
It 's all about love and sex .
That was new to the world in the mid-50s , so there 's a liberating feeling about Nowhere Boy . "
Indeed there is .
The film is affectionate , tender , moving , and not afraid to show the darker side of Lennon 's personality .
But it also explains where those shadows come from .
We see the building blocks of the man and his music – how Lennon 's world and imagination open up as he reconnects with his mother , and how he connects with the exciting and visceral new world of rock 'n'roll .
To fully lay bare the latter , the film 's music team put in serious legwork .
John Gosling , the music director , enlisted session musicians who would be good enough to evoke the amateurish performances of the young Quarrymen – the actors would then mime to these backing tracks .
He and his team hired in vintage kit to purposefully hobble the accomplished players .
Engineer / producer Emre Ramazanoglu tracked down five Reslo mics , popular in the 50s – " they were our secret weapon , " says Gosling , " although they required a lot of soldering . "
His session musicians had to convey the teenagers ' progression , from skiffle merchants to nascent rock 'n'rollers , from Quarry Bank school to bedroom to Percy Phillips 's rudimentary studio , where the Quarrymen recorded their only disc , In Spite of All the Danger / That 'll Be the Day .
Tragically , just as he found her , Lennon lost his mother – Julia was killed by a speeding car on 15 July 1958 .
Lennon was 17 .
The only non-contemporaneous song of his that Taylor - Wood wanted to use was the obvious one , Mother , written in 1970 ( " You had me but I never had you … " ) .
Without it the film would lack its climactic , devastating emotional punch .
" To get that I had to get Yoko 's approval of the film , " says Taylor - Wood .
Ono , who had given the film the go - ahead , maintained her distance during filming .
But the director kept her appraised of progress with email updates ( she also emailed McCartney regularly with fact - checking queries – " would you have said group or band ? " ) .
In early September this year – the film was completed to an incredibly tight schedule in order for it to appear as the Closing Gala feature at last week 's London Film Festival – Taylor - Wood sent the near - finished film to New York .
" I did n't want to go myself , sit outside the room waiting for Yoko 's reaction .
But immediately after she saw it she sent me a very , very beautiful letter saying how much she liked it and saying she would give us permission to use Mother .
That was a major moment of relief ! "
A film that was kickstarted by ( Just Like ) Starting Over had its climax .
And there was a final moment of serendipity .
Taylor - Wood finished it , tweaking a final sound level , on 9 October : birthday both of John and his and Yoko 's son Sean .
Nowhere Boy is brilliantly evocative and provocative , and no one is more pleased than Yoko Ono .
" First of all , it is a very difficult subject because so many people think that they own John and have their own version of John .
So Sam was very brave .
But also she did the right job . "
What does Greenhalgh want people to get from the film ?
The writer pauses .
" That Lennon did n't have it easy , " he says .
" There 's a lot of issues that obviously were still going on in the Beatles and later on – which , once you piece them together , this is the final piece of the jigsaw .
You understand why he was how he was .
His anger , and in some way neediness .
It was all down to what happened to him in childhood .
It 's all very Freudian . "
For Aaron Johnson , who is excellent at evoking Lennon 's coolness , cockiness and feelings of grief , Nowhere Boy pierces the heart of an artist who , since his death in 1980 , has been enveloped in fact - obscuring idolatry and conjecture .
In the year running up to what would have been John Lennon 's 70th birthday , Nowhere Boy shows us something of the essence of the man .
" After his mum 's death I do n't think he ever found love until Yoko , " says the actor born a decade after Lennon 's murder .
" It kind of destroyed him and he kept that in .
He 'd opened up his heart so much that when she did die he had to go back to his roots – how Aunt Mimi taught him : to seal it all in . "
Producer Kevin Loader points out how " self - conscious Lennon was about how he presented himself later in life " .
It all stems back to those Liverpool streets , those women , that loss .
" John Lennon was already an artist and a poet , " reflects Johnson .
" But he did n't know how to express it until his mother came back into his life .
It was rock 'n 'roll , it was danger and sex and violence and poetry . "
Nowhere Boy opens in cinemas on 26 December
Ahh , here comes that awkward time of the year where I have to use both 09 and 10 to prevent confusing people as to which year we ’re on – however , as the majority of shows actually begin in 2010 , I shall refer to it as ‘ Winter 10 ’ – which just sounds like an anime in of itself .
Currently ….15 shows .
It ca n’t just be me who thinks that ’s an extremely small batch of shows for one season ?
Maybe there will be more eventually .
But it does n’t seem to be bad .
Durarara !!
should be promising , being from the author , staff and studio of Baccano !!
and having an irish headless horsewoman on a motorbike .
SoRaNoWoTo is part of TV Tokyo ’s intriguing new “ Power of Anime ” timeslot , which will be for anime - original series .
It has owls .
Katanagatari exhibits an interesting art style , and is from the author of Bakemonogatari , which should garner interest .
Hanamaru Kindergarten is Gainax ’s new troll show about extremely young kids , so …eh , make of that what you will .
Baka to Test and Qwaser further pushes back the boundaries of taste ( davidmitchelllol ) with using furry avatars to cheat in school and magical judeo - christian GRIMDARK characters who drink breast milk .
yeah .
Okamikakushi seems to be a cousin of Higurashi , being from Ryukisihi07 himself and presenting a similar scenario – it follows a new trend of SCYTHES EVERYWHERE .
The rest follows ordinary high school students who do things and things happen , in some cases becoming butlers or starting clubs devoted entirely to underwear , often in sequels .
And there ’s Kewpie , whatever that is .
Oh , and i’ve decided to go all abstract and creative with my formats .
Love it or leave it .
Arabic Version
Spanish Version
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Posted in Charts
Tags : 09 , 10 , Chart , chartfag , December , February , January , Line up , new , Preview , Season , sneak , V1 , version , Winter
BUENOS AIRES , Argentina — Every Sunday Fabian Lopez buys a copy of Clarin , Argentina 's most widely read paper , at his neighborhood kiosk .
Lopez says he likes Clarin best , but he can't trust everything he reads in it .
Its owners , the Clarin Group , have been openly feuding with the government over a new media law that threatens their business .
" Opinions can be bought , " Lopez shrugged cynically , handing over his coins for the paper . " Still you need something to inform you ! "
Most Argentines like to stay informed .
With a nearly universal literacy rate and high cable penetration , Argentina is one of Latin America 's largest media markets .
And that has made the Clarin Group one of Latin America 's most profitable media companies .
In addition to several newspapers and magazines , it owns two major cable television operations , three radio stations and one of Argentina 's five broadcast television channels .
While profits wane for many media companies in the United States , the Clarin Group made half a billion dollars last year .
But Argentina 's president believes the Clarin Group has become too powerful .
President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner ushered a new law through Congress to decentralize the media and break up monopolies .
The law goes into effect Dec. 10 .
Community news groups , universities , non-profits and other civil society organizations have long advocated changing the law to guarantee rights to information and communication outside the private sector .
In October , when the law passed in the Senate , hundreds celebrated in the streets outside the National Congress building in Buenos Aires .
The new reforms divide Argentina 's airwaves into thirds shared equally by the government , the private sector and non-profit organizations .
The law requires 70 percent of radio content and 60 percent of broadcast television content to be produced in Argentina .
It also reduces the number of television , radio and cable licenses that any one company can hold .
While many laud the new law as a significant improvement , the changes represent a drastic reduction in the amount of available broadcast spectrum for commercial media .
All major media companies will be affected — Clarin especially .
The old media laws were enacted during the military dictatorship in 1980 and designed to keep the media in very few hands .
For the last 30 years , only private companies could hold broadcast licenses and they grew without regulation .
The Clarin Group prospered under dictators and presidents who spanned the political spectrum , including the current president 's husband .
But if there was a cozy relationship between Clarin and the Kirchner government , it ended last year .
The president publicly blames Clarin for her party 's recent defeat at the polls .
Clarin was highly critical of the government 's new agricultural tax system ahead of the recent mid-term elections .
Then just days before the new law went to Congress , the offices of the Clarin Group were raided by government tax inspectors .
All this has sparked debate as to whether the government intended to use the new law to punish the Clarin Group or to have more direct control over the media itself .
Critics say the president has too much influence over the redistribution .
" This law is about controlling the licenses , but there 's a problem if it controls content by determining who receives the licenses , " said Andres D'Alessandro , executive director of the Argentine Journalism Forum ( FOPEA ) , a group of more than 280 reporters dedicated to improving journalism ethics and quality in Argentina .
FOPEA hopes the new Congress will revise the law to ensure more transparency .
It would also like the government to give media companies more time to comply with ownership restrictions .
Clarin and Argentina 's other media companies have one year to sell their assets .
That kind of rush makes Bill Kovach question the government 's intentions .
Kovach is the founder of the Committee of Concerned Journalists and senior adviser for the Project for Excellence in Journalism in Washington , D.C.
He says that while the new law mirrors anti-monopoly laws in the United States and Europe , changes there came about more gradually .
" Other parts of the world have dealt with the issue of concentration — but slowly over time .
To try to enhance competition is a logical thing to do but it's a process , not a fiat .
The government is using the law to eliminate its commercial competitors , " he said .
A recent Harvard study of Argentine newspapers found a correlation between state - sponsored advertising revenue and reduced coverage of government corruption scandals .
The study supports what many have long alleged is an institutional legacy of government influence over the press in Argentina .
But the researchers also found that corruption coverage in the larger newspapers , like Claron and La Nacion , was less sensitive to changes in government advertising than smaller newspapers .
So the diversification of media may dilute the power of any one group to criticize the government .
" Of course we have some problems with press freedoms in Argentina , but it 's nothing compared with other countries , " said Edward Bartoni , director for the Center for Freedom of Expression and Access to Information at the University of Palermo .
Bertoni points to the government 's decriminalization of libel last month as a major step toward media freedom in Argentina .
And Bertoni says he is n't too worried about the new media law :
The new Congress can make changes to the law in its next session .
Or Clarin can take their case to court .
" Concentration of media ownership is a problem — particularly in Latin America .
Argentina is no exception , " said Bartoni .
" But the power of the media ultimately comes from their ability to convince people that what they 're publishing is true . "
A study released today by the Environmental Working Group found that nine out of 10 babies tested were born with bisphenol A in their umbilical cord blood .
BPA , developed as an estrogen replacement , is commonly used to make hard , clear plastic .
It 's used to make everything from the lining of metal food and beverage cans to the coatings of carbonless paper receipts .
Previous studies have found BPA in the urine of 93 % of Americans tested .
But today 's study is the first to find it in the cord blood of US newborns .
BPA makers maintain that the chemical is safe but scientists who study BPA say it interferes with the body 's endocrine system .
BPA has been found to cause cell changes that leads to breast and prostate cancers .
It is believed to affect the neural and behavioral systems , too .
Health advocates reacted swiftly to the new study :
" Babies are being born already contaminated with BPA .
What more compelling evidence could we possibly need to prompt immediate action ? , ” said Jeanne Rizzo , president of the Breast Cancer Fund .
Laws have been introduced in the House and the Senate to ban BPA in all food contact items .
By BOB LAMB blamb@lacrossetribune.com | Posted : Tuesday , November 10 , 2009 12:15 amA love - struck buck ran out of luck a week ago .
The seven - point buck was killed when it rammed a 640 - pound concrete statue of an elk in the backyard of Mark and Carol Brye 's home in rural Viroqua .
Bucks often fight during the breeding season , commonly called the rut .
Dominant bucks defend breeding territories and female deer by sparring with subordinate bucks .
Antler battles sometimes result in the death of one or both deer , but usually end with the biggest buck winning and the smaller buck high - tailing it out to another area .
Mark Brye , who owns Brye Plumbing in Viroqua , was still laughing about the suicidal buck he found near his elk statue last week .
Brye said his morning ritual is to rise early and look out at the life - like statue about 40 yards from his home .
" Our son and daughter gave it to us for Christmas four years ago because we like to hunt elk , " Brye said .
" The elk is a nice thing to see every morning .
It looks pretty cool , especially on a foggy morning .
" Brye said he knew exactly what happened when he saw the statue tipped over .
Although they were about the same height , the statue weighed at least three times more than the 180 - pound deer .
He did n't realize the buck lay dead a short distance away .
" I could tell the buck poked the statue a couple of times by the chipped paint on it , " Brye said , adding that the buck eventually rammed it like a mountain goat .
The buck apparently staggered about 20 feet and fell .
Brye claimed the buck with a tag from the Vernon County conservation warden .
He laughed at the warden 's tag note : " lawn ornament fight - lost .
" Brye said the deer shattered its skull .
The antlers were still on its head but were dangling .
" The statue is OK , but the antlers broke off when it tipped over , " Brye said .
" One side of the antlers is in one piece , but the other side is in five pieces .
" Brye , 58 , is considering removing the antlers from the unlucky buck and gluing them on the elk statue as a remembrance of the strange but true story .
The deer is butchered and in Brye 's freezer .
The elk remains on its side .
" I can't tip it back up until I get a whole bunch of guys to help me , " he said .
This 640 - pound concrete elk statue lies on its side in the backyard of Mark and Carol Brye ’s home in rural Viroqua .
The dead buck lies about 20 feet away .
our Video Game Events Master Calendar is really filling up !
UUG
This is last call to buy tickets for the Toronto Unity Users Group , which runs tonight at the Gladstone Hotel .
Here are some fast facts about Unity 3D to refresh your memory :
The game engine has been around for a number of years , but the recent port to the PC and the price reduction to FREE has garnered a boatload of attention .
It ’s kinda like Flash , except it uses 3D graphics , and it ’s actually tuned to make games .
So instead of bending it to your steely will as Flash requires by adding 3rd - party physics , for example , Unity comes with many crucial game features right out of the box .
There is a world of opportunity in marketing for folks that can use Unity .
Unity 3D games can be played directly in the browser .
Advertisers looking for something shiny and new ( “ new ” ) will be plenty impressed by the technology .
Ca n’t do 3D ?
If you live in Ontario , there ’s plenty of under-utilized , inexpensive talent coming out of the colleges and universities .
It seems every school has at least one 3D art program , but the demand for these graduates is rock - bottom in the province .
Here ’s an example of what Unity 3D can do in skilled hands :
MUG
On Wednesday , there ’s a double - shot of Unity goodness .
There ’s a half - day workshop at George Brown College .
After that , i expect most of the participants will pub crawl a few blocks over to Kensington Market , where the Rich Media Institute is holding the monthly Mobile Users Group for Games and Apps .
They ’ll be talking about ( among other things ) the u3dobject framework , which enables you to communicate between Flash and Unity .
When i read the MUG description , i was worried that it stepped on the UUG workshop .
Then when i read about the content of the meeting , i was really concerned – not only was it stepping on the other event , but it was about Unity 3D !
As it turns out , one event begins as the other ends .
i know that the UUG organizers , DimeRocker , had met with Shawn Pucknell at the Rich Media Institute , so i’m glad that everyone is playing nicely together .
Streaming Colour Studios ’ Owen Goss is a regular at the event .
Here ’s his latest vblog developer episode :
No Elbow Room
It was n’t the case last week , when the Vortex Game Competition ran concurrently on top of the DIG London conference , which split a few loyalties .
But as anyone who ’s tried to organize a Christmas party in December can tell you , sometimes there are just no openings .
Other times , the event has to happen because it ’s reliant on a funding schedule – that was the case two years ago when interactive ontario ’s GameON : Finance conference ran the week before GDC in San Francisco .
i am THRILLED that gaming is so red - hot in Ontario that the calendar is so packed with events .
i sincerely hope that we all stay well - connected enough so that there ’s enough breathing room in the schedule to give everyone a break .
If you ’re running a game - related event in Ontario , please check the calendar first to ensure that you ’re not encroaching on another initiative .
And if you know of any game - related events – in Ontario or abroad – that should be on the calendar , please feel free to add it to our events page and we ’ll update the calendar PDQ .
Philippine authorities have started evacuating about 50,000 people from around the country 's most active volcano as it spewed burning mud and rocks .
Mayon volcano , famed for its near - perfect cone shape in a coconut - growing region of the central Philippines , started to release lava early this week and vulcanologists are expecting a major eruption in the next few days .
" We are in the process of evacuating nearly 10,000 families around the 6 - 8 kilometre danger zone around the volcano , " Cedric Daep , head of Albay province 's public safety office , told reporters .
Mr Daep said the fleeing residents were being temporarily housed in school buildings and public gymnasiums , where local government officials set up food and relief centres .
" We have enough food for all these people for only a month , " Mr Daep said , adding humanitarian and non-government groups have pledged to send food , water , medicines and blankets .
Renato Solidum , the country 's chief vulcanologist , said the alert level around Mayon had been raised to number three , indicating volcanic materials were now near the top of the crater and " incandescent materials " were detaching .
Level four means an eruption is imminent while level five means an eruption is in progress .
" We 've been monitoring a high - level of unrest and there could be a hazardous explosion coming , " Mr Solidum said .
The Philippines lies on the Ring of Fire , a belt of volcanoes circling the Pacific Ocean that is also prone to earthquakes .
The last time Mayon erupted was in 2006 .
- Reuters
A provision in the Human Rights
Act that bans hate speech on the internet is unconstitutional , according to the Canadian Human Rights Commission .
In a decision released Wednesday , the commission 's tribunal dismissed a complaint filed against Marc Lemire , a webmaster who runs freedomsite.org , a site that bills itself as " Canada 's freedom resource center . "
The complaint , which alleged that messages posted on the site were discriminatory and exposed minority groups to " hatred and contempt , " was filed by Ottawa lawyer Richard Warman .
In rejecting the complaint , commissioner vice - chair Athanasios Hadjis ruled that Section 13 of the Canadian Human Rights
Act violates the Charter of Rights and Freedom , " which guarantees the freedom of thought , belief , opinion and expression . "
Hadjis said that it is not within the commission 's ability to change the rules — that must be done by the courts — so he refused to impose penalties on Lemire or order him to take down his website .
Section 13 of the Act , which prevents the spread of " any matter that is likely to expose a person or persons to hatred or contempt " through telecommunications systems , originated in the 1960s to prevent racist phone hotlines and was extended by default to include the internet .
Warman had asked the tribunal for a cease - and - desist order against Lemire , and a $ 7,500 fine .
Warman accused Lemire of posting anti-Semitic and anti-gay material on the web .
Conservative commentators called the decision a victory for free speech while other groups , including the Canadian Jewish Congree , called for a quick appeal .
The food industry ’s solution of more choice increases profits , but does nothing for obesity .
The more on offer , the more we buy , the more we waist and the more we waste , writes Dr Rosemary Stanton .
The Australian Food and Grocery Council , the lobby group for the big end of food town , has persuaded the Coalition ’s negotiations on an Emissions Trading Scheme to exempt agriculture and food processing — forever .
If that sounds like something you ’d expect from the minerals industry , it ’s worth noting that Mitch Hooke , from the Minerals Council , spent seven years as chief executive of the AFGC , and then swapped roles with Dick Wells .
Kate Carnell then replaced Wells .
If the negotiations between the government and opposition give in to the demands of the AFGC , we will miss a great opportunity to reform the food industry and the health of Australians .
Our food supply is abundant , but 30,000 food items in the average supermarket do n’t come cheaply in the energy stakes .
Our highly processed food supply with its sugars , fats , refined starches , artificial sweeteners , preservatives , colours , flavours and other additives — all packaged , transported and stored for out - of - season eating — creates vast quantities of greenhouse gases .
Added to that , we have emissions from intensive animal rearing , methane burps from ruminant animals and the greenhouse gases ( including more methane ) produced from food wastes dumped as landfill and discarded packaging .
Omitting food from the ETS is absurd .
The vast array of foods ensures we over - eat .
The average supermarket now stocks 1800 different snack food lines , more than 150 breakfast cereals ( some more accurately described as confectionery ) , and an absurd choice of junk in aisles stocked with packet soups , sauces , biscuits and sugary drinks .
Does it really make us happier or healthier to have 45 varieties of milk or hundreds of choices of yoghurt ?
There ’s no mystery as to why the majority of Australian adults are overweight or obese and about a quarter of our children carry too much body fat .
Sure we ’re inactive .
Passive entertainment , changes in the type of work we do ( or do n’t do ) , the widening distances between home , work , schools and shops and the car culture have a lot to answer for .
So has the fear that has driven people ( especially children ) inside to avoid perceived dangers from people and outdoor play equipment — including trees !
Thanks for signing up
We look forward to seeing you bright and early with your need - to - know talking points and tidbits for the day ahead .
Get Crikey FREE to your inbox every weekday morning with the Crikey Worm .
Please enter your email address Sign up
Our kids have swapped the occasional broken arm for obesity - related problems including sleep apnoea , type 2 diabetes a higher incidence of asthma and problems with their knees , back and feet .
Among adults , type 2 diabetes has tripled over the past 20 years and excess body fat increases the risk of heart disease and stroke , cancer , osteoarthritis , asthma and Alzheimer ’s disease .
Over -consumption is expensive .
In 2008 , costs to the Australian society and government were estimated at $ 58.2 billion .
There is an urgent need to reduce the national girth .
The most popular call is for more physical activity .
No one would argue with that .
But we also need to find a way to encourage people to eat less .
The usual cry of “ they should be educated ” does n’t work in the face of so much abundance and strong marketing campaigns to get us to eat more .
Food industry profits depend on us eating more .
The food industry ’s solution of more choice increases profits , but does nothing for obesity .
When lab rats are offered a “ cafeteria diet ” , they eat more .
So do we .
The more on offer , the more we buy , the more we waist and the more we waste .
Better labelling with red dots on foods high in saturated fat , sugar and salt could help warn people off buying these items too often .
Protecting kids from junk foods ads on television and highly sophisticated marketing on internet games would reduce the pester power that leads parents to happy meals and supermarket trolleys full of junk foods and drinks .
We need these protections — and more .
Taxes work for alcohol and cigarettes .
When an extra tax was applied to full strength beer in the Northern Territory some years ago , sales fell .
So did domestic violence , accidents and various alcohol related health problems .
When industry pressures caused the government of the day to withdraw the tax , beer sales increased , along with the associated problems .
Every tax increase on cigarettes results in more people quitting .
Yes , it hurts the poor more , but the poorer people in our society also have the worst health and stand to benefit most from financial incentives to select healthier foods .
As I see it , there are two ways we could tax foods .
I ’ve long proposed adding extra taxes to foods high in sugar , saturated and trans fats and salt .
We already have a GST on junk foods , and while there are a few anomalies that need to be ironed out , this could be a good basis for adding a junk food tax .
However , it misses foods such as artificially sweetened soft drinks that contribute nothing of any value and create huge environmental costs .
A more effective and useful tax would be based on a food ’s carbon footprint .
The Netherlands and Sweden have calculated the carbon dioxide emission equivalents of foods .
Garnaut quoted the Dutch example in his major report .
Swedish food labels already list the greenhouse gases embedded in the product and the government has accompanied this with an educational campaign to help people make more environmentally sound choices .
Professor David Pimmental , from Cornell University , has calculated and published data on the use of energy resources in food production , including processed foods .
In Australia , Planet Ark is working on carbon footprint labels .
Using carbon footprint data shows that packaged junk , foods stored and sold out of season , fake fats and artificial sugars , and highly preserved , coloured and artificially flavoured items hit the highs for greenhouse gas emissions .
The good news is that those producing food could develop responsible products with a low carbon footprint .
Fruits , vegetables , nuts and legumes score well , especially if produced without high levels of fertilisers and pesticides derived from petro-chemical products .
Sustainable fishing and production of meat from smaller animals get a boost while meat from intensively reared , grain - fed animals and dairy products produced where the rainfall does n’t allow adequate green grass would all rise in price .
Packaging and storage facilities could be minimised .
The food industry wants an exemption from the ETS for food because their junk foods and drinks are profitable — especially when their full impact is ignored .
But they ca n’t argue against a carbon footprint tax on the grounds that it would benefit their overseas competitors since imported foods would be subject to an even greater carbon footprint tax due to transportation .
A tax based on carbon footprint has obvious benefits for the planet .
It could also benefit health — without nutritionists having to bang on about the evils of sugar or certain fats .
It could cut consumption of junk foods and drinks — exactly what we need .
The prize would be better health and a dent in the annual $ 58.2 billion bill for obesity .
Posted by astromme
Edit : After speaking with Nuno and Mofux I ’ve made some modifications to the System Settings page .
This is how it looks now :
TimeVault is alive !
Ok , so maybe it was never really dead .
But I ’ve found some time to work it and after reworking most of the internals I ’ve finally gotten it to back up again .
For those who do n’t know , TimeVault was originally a gnome backup system that I used way back when I was on Ubuntu .
I liked the concept but disliked the implementation and so sometime after moving to KDE I started working on my own TimeVault .
The goal is to have a user friendly , dead simple backup system that runs in the background , knows about ( and exclusively uses ) external media and is n’t afraid to integrate into KDE frameworks wherever it can .
Now the project has deviated quite a bit from the Gnome one with the same name .
With that in mind , I ’m contemplating a possible name change to reduce confusion .
If people have suggestions feel free to leave a comment or send me an email .
The following is an image of the KDE System Settings page for TimeVault .
It shows the current state and allows the user to select the backup drive and the folders that should be backed up .
Some new things of interest are :
TimeVault no longer relies on a daemon running as root
New KAuth integration ( a part of KDE SC 4.4 ) which allows the system settings module to have it ’s authorization bit
Allows the user to select which paths are to be backed up
Provides the user with notifications regarding the backup status ( KNotification )
Runs the backup with a KAuth helper running as root , much more secure than before
Some things that I still need to work on :
The KIO slave has been neglected and no longer works .
This is high on my todo list
A dedicated restore framework is not yet in place .
If the KIO slave is n’t good enough this will be needed
The plasmoid also was neglected .
I would like for it to contain backup statistics as well as information on the currently running file .
Possibly also adding files / folders to the backup by dragging and dropping them on the plasmoid .
If you have ideas for me feel free to post them in the comments .
I know I ca n’t think of everything that ’s useful to a wide swath of people .
# 19 : I Have Been Reserved for This , by Howard Pyle
I Have Been Reserved for This – to Free the Land From Spiritual Tyranny , by Howard Pyle
This scan from Pirates , Patriots , and Princesses : The Art of Howard Pyle
This analysis copyright 2009 , Scott M. McDaniel
The Image
This illustration is for a story in McClure ’s magazine in 1906 called “ The Hanging of Mary Dyer . ”
There was an actual Mary Dyer who was an early Quaker martyr .
She was executed for repeatedly returning to Massachusetts to preach Quakerism after having been banned from the colony .
Pyle himself was Quaker , so the illustrations for this story likely had an extra dimension for him .
Also , though it may not be apparent from the picture , this is the very act that led to Mary Dyer ’s execution , so it ’s a key moment of the story .
As was the style , illustrations were often tied to specific sentences or phrases in story .
The accompanying quote for this one , then , is “ I Have Been Reserved for This – to Free the Land From Spiritual Tyranny . ”
I chose to do a Howard Pyle piece because his name keeps cropping up when you research other 19th and early 20th century illustrators .
His students included N.C. Wyeth and Frank Schoonover .
Maxfield Parrish went to his school , but Pyle told him that he should go ahead and get started directly in the field .
He ’s the granddaddy of American illustration .
The Character
Pyle takes a plain , unadorned pilgrim woman and gives her incredible presence and intensity .
All we can really see in the picture is that she is leading a prayer service .
Everyone ’s eyes are closed and they are in a pose of contemplation and prayer .
Pyle establishes her as the leader by placing her higher than the others in the picture .
Further , she is the only one active – all the others are sitting quietly .
The figure ’s gesture is critical .
( A gesture is the posture and attitude that it conveys .
A figure can be anatomically correct and balanced yet still come across as stiff or wooden .
The gesture is the loose aspect of the drawing that communicates a “ living ” quality . )
Solely through pose
Pyle takes a slight , unassuming person and gives her intensity and authority .
She ’s leaning forward slightly , and she has a basic rhythm to her stance .
Though it ’s subtle , the shoulder line tilts against the line of the hips .
In living figures it ’s rare to see head , torso , and pelvis all lined up .
Because Pyle tilts the torso and pelvis differently , there ’s a basic curve to Mary ’s body , and from that we can tell where she ’s placed her weight .
Mary ’s expression also communicates a lot .
Her eyes are closed , so she ’s as much in prayer as those around her .
The slight up - tilt to her head is common in religious paintings .
It ’s just a masterful expression .
The face is mostly relaxed , but her eyebrows are raised slightly .
Combine that with the closed eyes and the dramatic lighting and it ’s quite an effect .
Posture and expression are the keys to a character - centered illustration , and Pyle nails them here .
The Rhythm
I mentioned the subtle back and forth rhythm to Mary ’s figure .
Pyle displays several kinds of rhythm in this painting .
That backwards S in her figure is probably the most important , but there ’s also an example of a couple of other kinds .
Pyle plays fundamentally straight edges against curved ones in several places .
The tops of Mary ’s arms tend to be straight while the bottom of her arms form a curve based on how the fabric hangs .
Pyle also defines the negative space around Mary by contrasting the straight fall of her dress with a curved contour of the people around her .
A third kind of rhythm is the alternating light and dark pattern as we move from left to right .
At the left edge of the painting he begins with a light block ( the first seated man ) .
The first man ’s bright face alternates with the darkness of the second seated man , followed by a light area between him and Mary .
Mary ’s dress starts out light on that side but quickly moves into darkness .
Or look back at Mary ’s face .
If we move down her head there is a bright strip of her bonnet .
Then there is the darkness of her hair , a highlight on the hair , more darkness of hair and forehead .
Then comes the brightness at her brow , a dark bridge of the nose , and a lighter tip .
The point here is that you we see alternating light and dark , not dark areas next to even darker areas .
The Lighting
Let ’s take a look at a high contrast version of the image .
The two areas of highest contrast are Mary ’s face and the seated man on the left .
Mary herself is the focus , and the dramatic contrast on her face brings our eyes to her .
And , therefore , to her expression .
Aside from her face , the areas of high contrast bring our attention either :
The other people who , because they are facing her , direct our attention back to Mary , or
Mary ’s hands .
I ’ll get to the effect of making her hands pop out at us in a minute .
Pyle ’s placement of the light source is , if you ’ll pardon the pun , brilliant .
Presumably it ’s an indoor setting at night , so the low light levels make sense .
Having the intense light source lets
Pyle use sharp shadows to define both form and space .
The shading on Mary ’s face is a good example .
Also , look at the relative flatness of the closest man as compared to the one behind him , illuminated by the light .
The further man has more shadow definition than the one in silhouette .
Speaking of silhouettes , the light ’s placement also lets Pyle define several layers of silhouettes .
The silhouettes overlap each other logically , and the overall lighting on them defines their position in space .
With a more diffuse light source that would not have come through as well .
( See the Moyer and Kaluta analysis for another example of layered silhouettes . )
One final note on the lighting – the fact that Pyle places it behind one of the participants means that we do n’t have the area of high brightness and contrast competing with Mary herself for attention .
The Symbolism
I tend to be the kind of guy you have to whack over the head with symbolism before I get it .
Well , consider me whacked .
The high contrast of Mary ’s hands brings out the other aspect of her stance – Christ on the cross .
The final brilliance of the light source ’s placement is how it lets Pyle cast a shadow on the wall .
The shadow does n’t follow Mary ’s form exactly but instead forms an actual cross .
To put too fine a point on it , we ’ve got foreshadowing ( or “ behind - shadowing ” ) of Mary ’s fate and sacrifice .
Here ’s the painting again with the golden section grid .
Notice how Mary takes up the upper two central blocks .
Her hands fall right at the center of the rectangles on either side .
( By the way , centered compositions are generally static .
It ’s common in character illustrations to put them in the center , though .
She ’s not centered vertically , plus the sway to her gesture keeps things fluid . )
The Elements
To wrap up we ’ll go through Lee Moyer ’s Elements of a Successful Illustration .
Focus :
Mary herself is the focus of the image .
Pyle uses position in the image and strong contrast around her and her face to bring our attention there .
She ’s also framed by the other people .
Composition and Design : Mary is in the center horizontally but not vertically .
The overall composition , however , is not centered .
There are two people framing her on the left side of the picture , and the light patterns are more interesting there .
Palette : Dark reds and browns – earth tones – dominate the picture .
It ’s set inside , presumably at night .
Value :
The brightest spots in the painting that I found have a brightness setting of 79 % .
Obviously most of it is darker .
The light source is low down – probably on the floor – and is between the two seated folks on the left side .
This placement gives
Pyle the chance to define Mary ’s face with sharp contrasts that also define form .
Mass :
This is a Quaker service , so I do n’t think they ’re doing a proper Mass .
Other than that , though , look at the person on the left side who is lit up and compare him to the darker silhouette .
Pyle is able to use the light to define the further person ’s mass , while the silhouetted person comes off as flat by comparison .
Texture :
The texture of the wall is neat .
It does n’t suggest a specific substance – if anything it looks earthen .
Symbolism :
The symbolism is pretty direct .
Both Mary ’s pose and the shadow on the wall suggest Christ on the Cross .
Given that the story ’s name is “ The Hanging of Mary Dyer ” and is about her martyrdom , this symbolism is n’t a stretch .
Micro / Macro :
There ’s very little detail in the painting .
We do n’t know much of the setting other than it ’s indoors .
True to the time the clothing was very simple .
The most elaborate part is the buttons going down the side of man ’s pants on the left side .
Aside from that element , Pyle reserves his areas of greatest detail for Mary ’s face and hands and the leftmost man ’s face .
Ornament :
There ’s very little ornament to the painting .
That fits with the setting and subject of Puritan Massachusetts .
Narrative : Mary leads a Quaker prayer group .
That ’s about it , but that ’s enough to get her condemned in the story .
Pyle was known for his research , and he was also a Quaker himself , so his depiction of the event is likely authentic .
Mary is moved to speak and to lead prayer .
Such a simple thing , in its way .
Juxtaposition : Look at Mary ’s position compared to the men .
I like the contrast of her slight frame with her strength of presence and intensity .
Stylization :
It ’s a realistic portrayal , though not photo - realistic .
It recalls the classic work of Rembrandt , which also makes sense with the story ’s time frame .
Character :
The painting is all about Mary .
Her posture and expression are key .
They convey conviction and confidence , earnestness and leadership .
The others in the painting follow her lead .
Her clothing is simple and places the story in time .
Tension :
There is not much tension in this painting itself .
This is a case , though , in which the painting ’s context matters .
Because it is a story about Mary ’s execution , and because this action is the reason she was executed we bring a tension and urgency to the picture that would not otherwise exist .
Line :
No lines here , just a few clearly defined edges .
Research / Reference : Unknown , though I ’m certain Pyle brought his own Quaker background to this illustration .
Vignette : Mary ’s posture – the figure ’s gesture – is critical to the painting ’s success .
I ’m amazed at how much subtlety Pyle works into her posture and expression .
Perspective :
The sense of space comes from the layering of silhouettes and from the clear placement of the light source between two of those layers .
Next week :
We ’ll answer in the affirmative with Roger Dean .
After engineering an unprecedented spending surge for nearly a year , President Barack Obama now wants to signal that he takes deficits seriously .
So this week the White House announced that it is considering creating a commission to figure how to fix the budget mess .
Eureka !
Well , almost .
What seems to concern the president is not the problem ...
The Los Angeles Police Department is investigating how a woman who had filed a domestic abuse report was slain in her Mid-City apartment late Wednesday night as officers were watching it while on the lookout for the suspect .
According to LAPD sources , the chain of events began when the unidentified woman went to the Wilshire Division police station to report that she was a victim of domestic abuse .
Officers who specialize in domestic violence talked to the woman and , at some point , drove her back to her home near Cochran Avenue and Pico Boulevard .
Law enforcement sources said the officers went into the apartment with the woman to make sure the suspect was not there .
They thoroughly checked the apartment and then went to their car .
The officers decided to keep watch on the street , worried that the suspect might come to cause trouble , sources said .
Police believe the man sneaked into the apartment through a small back window , sources said , possibly scaling the roof to get there .
The sources spoke on the condition that they not be named because LAPD policy does not allow public comments on open cases .
The officers heard the woman 's screams , ran into the apartment and saw a man stabbing the woman .
They opened fire , fatally wounding the attacker .
Gearóid Walsh died in hospital four days after he was assaulted in Sydney
A man has been charged by Australian police with the manslaughter of a 23 - year - old Irishman who died four days after he was assaulted in Sydney .
Gearóid Walsh from Dublin fell and hit his head on the ground after he was punched during an argument at a takeaway food shop on Sunday .
He sustained serious head injuries and was put on a life - support machine , but he died on Thursday .
A 28 - year - old man was refused bail and will appear in court again on Saturday .
He was charged with manslaughter , reckless wounding and assault occasioning actual bodily harm .
The man presented himself at a police station following an appeal from Mr Walsh 's mother , who said the family did not see the death as murder .
Tressa
Walsh said : " We do n't want him to serve time in prison .
I think he was just very , very unlucky .
" We do n't want him to torture himself over this . "
It is understood Mr Walsh arrived in Australia a month ago and had been staying with a brother and sister who live there .
The cable industry is proposing a sweeping measure to simplify the nation 's subsidy system for rural phone service providers .
Make it tougher for providers to get Universal Service Fund High Cost program subsidy money , the National Cable and Telecommunications Association recommends , in areas where an unsubsidized wireline service is available via a cable company or similar provider .
Paying USF support to carriers who compete with unsubsidized wireline competitors " is both inequitable and inefficient , and can easily be addressed in a targeted fashion , " the NCTA wrote to the Federal Communications Commission on Thursday .
Millions could be saved — money potentially redirected to programs that boost broadband rollout and competition .
Two - step reform
The USF's High Cost Fund subsidizes telcos in rural areas where it costs more to connect spread - out customers , but it has been leaking money fast .
The program spent $ 1.7 billion on High Cost in 1999 and blew over $ 4 billion in 2007 .
Some of this spree can be blamed on an auditing system that the Government and Accountability Office has basically called bogus .
More recently , the FCC estimated that from July 2006 through July 2007 , the Fund overpaid carriers to the tune of close to a billion dollars .
The audit was controversial , but nobody disputes that the High Cost fund needs fixing .
NCTA thinks it can save the taxpayers much of that with its proposed reform .
Let any party request a reassessment of the degree of financial support the USF provides to a given geographic region via a two - step process , the trade association recommends .
In step one , the petitioner would have to prove ( a ) that one or more unsubsidized wireline providers already serve more than three quarters of the customers in the area , and ( b ) that the state has deregulated service to an incumbent local exchange carrier in that market .
" The Commission ’s high - cost support mechanisms are premised on the assumption that a particular location would not have affordable service available but for the support provided by the program , " NCTA notes .
" But in markets with extensive facilities - based competition , that assumption no longer holds true . "
If the petitioner proves that both conditions exist , it would fall to the High Cost subsidized carriers in question to prove that they really need X amount of USF to serve " noncompetitive " areas in their region .
About a billion dollars a year go to rural competitive carriers via the USF 's High Cost fund , and another billion to nonrural providers .
The appropriate question
This proposal , if enacted , would obviously transfer customers from USF - subsidized local carriers to cable phone service providers .
A survey attached to the NCTA petition finds that cable voice service is available to about 80 percent of United States households , and about 43 percent of households in rural areas .
These cable operators have often extended service into various rural areas without any USF support , NCTA notes .
So why should the government subsidize local carriers in those regions ?
" When circumstances have changed to the point where competitive entry becomes economic without any subsidy , the appropriate question should be whether , and by how much , to decrease support , " the petition concludes .
Thus we have another idea to add to the big stew of proposed ways to fix the USF system .
These include awarding High Cost grants via reverse auctions ( lowest bidder wins ) , and dumping the illogical " identical support rule , " in which subsidies to smaller wireless carriers are based on the costs of the incumbent carriers to which they connect , rather than their own .
Then there 's the endless cry to fix the FCC 's intercarrier compensation rules , in which local carriers get to charge access fees that rise and fall based on an increasingly meaningless criteria in the age of IP telephony : whether the call is inter- or intra-state .
All this has to be addressed , NCTA concedes .
But " the difficulties of achieving comprehensive reform should not prevent the Commission for addressing obvious and unjustifiable inequities and inefficiencies in the current system on a case - by - case , issue - by - issue basis . "
Will call for ' War Powers Resolution ' in House to help ' End the War ' ...
Ernest A. Canning Byon
12/10/2009 , 9:05 am PT
Guest blogged by Ernest A. Canning
" We can not afford these wars .
We cannot afford the loss of lives .
We cannot afford the cost to taxpayers .
We cannot afford to fail to exercise our constitutional right to end the wars . "
So said Rep. Dennis Kucinich ( D - OH ) in an email on Wednesday , announcing his intention to introduce a privileged resolution in the House in January to " End the War . "
He appeared on MSNBC with Ed Schultz ( video below ) the night before to explain that under President Obama 's plan to immediately increase troops levels by 30,000 before beginning a withdrawal in July of 2011 ( pending " conditions on the ground " which could extend the occupation for years , as Sec. of Defense Robert Gates recently admitted ) we have an " orgy of crime . "
" We will be spending at least $ 150 billion a year , at the costs of many lives , to be able to subsidize a criminal undertaking . "
What criminal undertaking was Kucinich referring to ?...
In " Beyond Afghanistan " on Monday , we exposed the extent to which the President 's justifications for expanding the war in Afghanistan stood in marked contrast to the realities of Empire and the military - industrial complex .
Citing extensive sources , we not only traced the disturbing parallels between Afghanistan and Vietnam but delved into the manner in which links between the CIA and both torture and drug smuggling have been consistent features of the U.S. - led , corporate global project over the past 60 years .
We noted how , during the 1980s , President " Reagan 's Afghan ' freedom fighters ' ... turned Afghanistan into the world 's single largest exporter of opium and the source of half the heroin consumed in the US ; " that " opium production would drop off dramatically under the Taliban only to return with a vengeance following the late 2001 invasion ; " how B.C.C.I. , with the aid of George H.W. Bush , laundered money from the Afghan heroin trade .
We observed that the brother of Hamid Karzai , who had been on the CIA payroll for the past eight years , was directly linked to the heroin trade .
We also criticized the President 's " peace with honor " strategy , noting that it was unrealistic to expect to train an effective Afghan force in the span of 18 months when 19 years proved insufficient when it came to the Army of the Republic of Vietnam .
President Karzai has now suggested that the U.S. should remain in - country , training and assisting Afghan security forces , for the next 15 - 20 years .
On Dec. 7 , the Los Angeles Times reported that the drug cartels and corrupt officials were extracting some $ 10 million / day from Afghanistan , most flowing not by way of secret routes through the mountains and deserts , but directly through Kabul International Airport --- a hiding - in - plain - sight approach that calls to mind past CIA shipments of heroin from Vietnam to Dover Air Force Base inside the body bags of dead U.S. service personnel .
The Times reported that some of these smuggled funds are received by the Taliban .
In his Dec. 9 announcement email , Kucinich revealed his " Resolution to End the War , " stating ...
Today , I will begin circulating two privileged resolutions which will trigger debate and votes on a timely withdrawal of U.S. troops from Afghanistan and Pakistan .
Article I , Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States makes it Congress ' responsibility to determine whether or not we go to war or stay at war .
Consistent with Article I , Section 8 , the privileged resolutions will invoke the War Powers Resolution of 1973 .
I ask for your support of these resolutions , which will be introduced in the House in January .
Yesterday , with the U.S. Secretary of Defense at his side , the President of Afghanistan declared that his country 's security forces will need financial and training assistance from the United States for the next 15 - 20 years .
We can not afford these wars .
We cannot afford the loss of lives .
We cannot afford the cost to taxpayers .
We cannot afford to fail to exercise our constitutional right to end the wars .
Please sign onto the privileged resolutions to end the wars and to bring our troops home .
Stand up for our troops .
Stand up for the truth .
Stand up for the Constitution and Congress ' responsibility .
The War Powers Resolution of 1973 , passed by a 2/3 vote of Congress overriding a Presidential veto , " requires that the President notify Congress within 48 hours of committing armed forces to military action and forbids armed forces from remaining for more than 60 days , with a further 30 day withdrawal period , without an authorization of the use of military force or a declaration of war . "
President Obama is presently relying upon the Sept. 18 , 2001 Authorization to Use Military Force against Terrorism .
UPDATE 12/14/09 :
For those who are interested , you can sign a petition opposing the escalation of the war in Afghanistan , right here .
* * *
Here is the 12/8/09 segment of MSNBC's The Ed Show during which Kucinich appeared ...
* * *
Ernest A. Canning has been an active member of the California state bar since 1977 .
Mr. Canning has received both undergraduate and graduate degrees in political science as well as a juris doctor .
He is also a Vietnam vet ( 4th Infantry , Central Highlands 1968 ) .
9/11 Pager Data Visualization
By : Jeff Clark Date : Sat , 28 Nov 2009
The organization Wikileaks recently published a data set of pager intercepts from the 9/11 tragedy .
As described on their website :
Text pagers are usually carried by persons operating in an official capacity .
Messages in the archive range from Pentagon , FBI , FEMA and New York Police Department exchanges , to computers reporting faults at investment banks inside the World Trade Center
The archive is a completely objective record of the defining moment of our time .
We hope that its entrance into the historical record will lead to a nuanced understanding of how this event led to death , opportunism and war .
I have taken this data and done an analysis for 100 phrases selected to summarize the events of that horrible day .
I have focused on the time period from 8 am until 8 pm , September 11th , 2001 .
This video below shows a Phrase Burst Visualization of the data .
The larger the text the more frequently it was used during the 12 hour period .
Text appears bright during the times of high usage and fades away otherwise .
The color hues are cosmetic .
This phrase burst visualization is basically a word cloud where the brightness of the words varies according to how prominent the words were during specific periods of time .
You can drag the playhead for the video around to examine specific times .
Perhaps a more useful view of the data is provided by this set of timeline graphs .
They are ordered by the time of the highest peak for the phrase and in this arrangement provide a narrative of the events .
Video , graphing , and analysis done with custom code created with Processing .
If you like this work you might want to
Gin and Titonic ice tray makers in deep water for making light of Titanic sinking
Even with a measure of gin and a slice of lime , it 's likely to leave a bad taste in the mouth .
An ice cube tray has gone on sale in which drinkers can make a replica of the Titanic - complete with four icebergs .
The product is called the Gin And Titonic Ice Tray .
The manufacturer says it allows drinkers to ' re - create history ' by making the two objects collide in the glass , but one critic has branded the idea ' sick and distasteful ' .
Icy reception : Critics have branded Gin and Titonic ' distasteful ' for making light of the tragedy in which more than 1500 people died
Down she goes : the replica ship sinks to the bottom of the drink , surrounded by miniature icebergs
Titanic historian Brian Ticehurst has gone so far as to suggest the product is akin to making light of the September 11 terrorist attacks .
' They are distasteful , hundreds of people died in the tragedy , ' he said .
' How long will it be before this firm makes ice cubes of the Twin Towers to commemorate 9/11 ?'
Tim Brant , secretary of the Merchant Navy Association , was more measured in his appraisal , saying : ' It is a bit of a sick idea and it is distasteful to the people who suffered and their families .
' The sinking of the Titanic is an event that should be commemorated not celebrated . '
The Titanic sank on its maiden voyage in 1912 , killing 1,522 .
Manufacturer Fred and Friends is renowned for its off - beat household items .
The packaging for Gin and Titonic reads : ' Ice ahoy !
Gin and Titonic is guaranteed to be an unsinkable addition to your next party .
' This reusable ice tray contains four icy Titanic ships and four menacing icebergs .
Pair them up in your mixed drinks and re-create history .
Go ahead ... sink another round !'
Company spokesman Joe Edmundson said : ' We design housewares that are functional and fun .
The Gin and Titonic is quite a good seller around the world .
' Somebody is always going to be offended by something , especially when it involves humour with a little edge . '
Ship shape :
The Titanic pictured leaving Southampton on its maiden and only voyage to New York City in 1912
WASHINGTON —
The shockingly poor financial management of General Motors and Chrysler weakened their case for a government bailout , but officials feared letting the automakers collapse would severely harm the U.S. economy , the former head of the Obama administration 's auto task force says .
In a first - person account posted on Fortune 's Web site Wednesday , Steven Rattner said he was alarmed by the " stunningly poor management " at the Detroit companies and said GM had " perhaps the weakest finance operation any of us had ever seen in a major company . "
GM 's board of directors was " utterly docile in the face of mounting evidence of a looming disaster " and former GM chairman and chief executive Rick Wagoner set a tone of " friendly arrogance " that permeated the company , Rattner wrote .
" Certainly Rick and his team seemed to believe that virtually all of their problems could be laid at the feet of some combination of the financial crisis , oil prices , the yen - dollar exchange rate and the UAW , " Rattner wrote .
Rattner described his six - month stint leading the auto task force , which pushed GM and Chrysler into quick bankruptcies last summer with the help of billions of dollars in federal aid .
The task force won concessions from the union , suppliers , bondholders and dealers , and the U.S. government now owns nearly 61 percent of GM and 8 percent of Chrysler .
" We were shocked , even beyond our low expectations , by the poor state of both GM and Chrysler .
Looking just at the condition of GM 's finances and Chrysler 's new - car pipeline , the case for a bailout was weak , " Rattner wrote .
" But on the other hand , as we surveyed the interconnected web of finance companies , suppliers and related businesses , the potential impact of the likely alternative — liquidation — stunned us .
We imagined that the collapse of the automakers could devastate the Midwest beyond imagination . "
GM said in a statement it was " a new company with a strong balance sheet , less debt and a fresh product lineup that is making consumers take notice .
...
Looking back does n't help us with the important work we have in front of us .
We are grateful for the second chance our nation 's support has given us , and we are confident we will succeed . "
Rattner said the task force was divided on whether to save Chrysler .
Chrysler was poorly run during its alignment with Daimler AG , and " larded up with debt , hollowed out by years of mismanagement , Chrysler under ( private equity firm ) Cerberus never had a chance . "
The task force determined that Chrysler could not survive without a corporate partner and turned to Italy 's Fiat Group SpA .
Fiat took control of Chrysler after it emerged from bankruptcy protection in June and received a 20 percent stake in the company , with the opportunity to take on 35 percent .
As for GM , Rattner said Wagoner told him in mid-March that he wanted to remain at the company but was willing to step down to help GM .
Rattner said Fritz Henderson , who succeeded Wagoner as chief executive , " conveyed more energy and openness to change . "
Rattner asked Wagoner to step aside on March 27 and Wagoner agreed , supporting their plan to make Henderson the new CEO .
In an " awkward conversation , " Rattner said Wagoner asked whether the administration planned to fire UAW President Ron Gettelfinger .
" I 'm not in charge of firing Ron Gettelfinger , " Rattner replied .
Rattner has faced his own scrutiny .
His former investment firm , Quadrangle Group , paid more than $ 1 million to a New York political consultant indicted in a public corruption probe in New York .
Rattner wrote that he grappled with " the New York attorney general 's investigation of my former firm , Quadrangle Group , and me about our actions in connection with an investment from the state pension fund . "
He did not elaborate .
The Taliban - Al Qaeda merger .
On July 25 , Najibullah Zazi , a lanky man in his mid-twenties , walked into the Beauty Supply Warehouse in Aurora , Colorado , a suburb of Denver .
The visit was captured on a store video camera .
Wearing a baseball cap and pushing a shopping cart , Zazi appeared to be just another suburban guy .
Of course , not many suburban guys buy six bottles of Clairoxide hair bleach , as Zazi did on this shopping trip -- or return a month later to buy a dozen bottles of " Ms. K Liquid , " a peroxide - based product .
Aware that these were hardly the typical purchases of a heavily bearded , dark - haired young man , Zazi -- who was born in Afghanistan and spent part of his childhood in Pakistan before moving to the United States at the age of 14 - - kibitzed easily with the counter staff , joking that he had to buy such large quantities of hair products because he " had a lot of girlfriends . "
In fact , the government believes that Zazi , a onetime coffee - cart operator on Wall Street and shuttle - van driver at the Denver airport , was planning what could have been the deadliest terrorist attack in the United States since September 11 .
Prior to his arrest last month , the FBI discovered pages of handwritten notes on his laptop detailing how to turn common , store - bought chemicals into bombs .
If proven guilty , Zazi would be the first genuine Al Qaeda recruit discovered in the United States in the past few years .
The novel details of the case were sobering .
Few Americans , after all , were expecting to be terrorized by an Al Qaeda agent wielding hair dye .
But it was perhaps the least surprising fact about Zazi that was arguably the most consequential : where he is said to have trained .
In August 2008 , prosecutors allege , Zazi traveled to Pakistan 's tribal regions and studied explosives with Al Qaeda members .
If that story sounds familiar , it should : Nearly every major jihadist plot against Western targets in the last two decades somehow leads back to Afghanistan or Pakistan .
The first World Trade Center bombing in 1993 was masterminded by Ramzi Yousef , who had trained in an Al Qaeda camp on the Afghanistan - Pakistan border .
Ahmed Ressam , who plotted to blow up LAX airport in 1999 , was trained in Al Qaeda 's Khaldan camp in Afghanistan .
Key operatives in the suicide attacks on two U.S. embassies in Africa in 1998 and the USS Cole in 2000 trained in Afghanistan ; so did all 19 September 11 hijackers .
The leader of the 2002 Bali attack that killed more than 200 people , mostly Western tourists , was a veteran of the Afghan camps .
The ringleader of the 2005 London subway bombing was trained by Al Qaeda in Pakistan .
The British plotters who planned to blow up passenger planes leaving Heathrow in the summer of 2006 were taking direction from Pakistan ; a July 25 , 2006 , e-mail from their Al Qaeda handler in that country , Rashid Rauf , urged them to " get a move on . "
If that attack had succeeded , as many as 1,500 would have died .
The three men who , in 2007 , were planning to attack Ramstein Air Base , a U.S. facility in Germany , had trained in Pakistan 's tribal regions .
By Judy Hobson
BBC News
Pupils are not allowed to email each other or anyone else during exams
In Denmark , the government has taken the bold step of allowing pupils full access to the internet during their final school year exams .
A total of 14 colleges in Denmark are piloting the new system of exams and all schools in the country have been invited to join the scheme by 2011 .
Greve High School , south of Copenhagen , is one of the pilot schools .
On the morning of the exam , the exam room the floor is covered in cables .
IT experts are busy helping the teenagers set up their laptops , making sure they all work .
Sanne Yde Schmidt says teachers trust pupils not to cheat
At five to nine , the room falls silent .
CD - roms and exam papers are handed out together .
This is the Danish language exam .
One of the teachers stands in front of the class and explains the rules .
She tells the candidates they can use the internet to answer any of the four questions .
They can access any site they like , even Facebook , but they cannot message each other or email anyone outside the classroom .
At nine o'clock the exam begins .
Embracing technology Denmark is a country which has traditionally embraced modern technology .
For over a decade pupils have been able to type up their exam answers on computers .
The Danish government says if the internet is so much a part of daily life , it should be included in the classroom and in examinations .
Sanne Yde Schmidt , who heads the project at Greve , says : " If we 're going to be a modern school and teach them things that are relevant for them in modern life , we have to teach them how to use the internet . "
Pernille says pupils are disciplined enough not to cheat
The obvious concern is cheating .
Communication is banned , but how can they stop a student emailing a question to a friend ?
The answer is they cannot .
Ms Schmidt says they rely on the integrity of the pupil and the threat of expulsion if they are caught .
" The main precaution is that we trust them .
I think the cheat rate is very low because the consequences of cheating are very big . "
Pupils ' integrity
The pupils themselves told me they did not think their classmates would abuse the system .
Bertel Haarder says the internet is indispensible Pernille Günther Jensby , 18 , says : " It 's possible to cheat but I think we have so much respect and self discipline , so we wo n't do it . "
Nina Ahmed , also 18 , adds : " I think it'd be very difficult [ to cheat ] because you do n't have time , you 're under pressure , and you have too many tasks . "
The teachers also think the nature of the questions make it harder to cheat in exams .
Students are no longer required to regurgitate facts and figures .
Instead the emphasis is on their ability to sift through and analyse information .
Minister for education in Denmark , Bertel Haarder , says : " Our exams have to reflect daily life in the classroom and daily life in the classroom has to reflect life in society .
" The internet is indispensible , including in the exam situation .
I 'm sure that is would be a matter of very few years when most European countries will be on the same line . "
HAVE YOUR SAY
Use of the internet is the same as any open book exam ; the pupil can check formulae or dates , but how they use and interpret that data is ( should be ) what is being tested Mark GE , Witney , UK He says he is proud of the fact Denmark is leading the way and believes other countries will adopt this system .
Stephen Heppell , professor of new media environments at Bournemouth University , says UK examinations need to be brought up to date : " As a nation we 've been really good at embracing technology - we 've been really at the forefront of doing this well in the classroom .
" Then they go into the exam room and all that 's taken away and they 're given a fountain pen and a sheet of lines paper and a three hour time limit .
It 's time to get real , is n't it ? "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
ELLEN GOODMAN’S piece “ The ‘ human ’ factor is missing in Copenhagen ’ ’ addresses one of the issues that will have a huge effect on our planet to face global warming and oil depletion - overpopulation .
She notes fertility rates go down without coercion when women have access to contraceptives and family planning .
Environmental groups have shied from the problem of population because they are afraid of anti-abortion groups .
Yet some people have started to speak out again .
We will not solve the problem of global warming if we do not reduce the number of humans on the planet .
There is the problem between the poor countries and the rich , but having been a Peace Corps volunteer twice , once in Ivory Coast and once in Senegal , I know that many African women would like to reduce the number of children they have , but have no access to birth control .
Their lives would be better .
Baby dies while doctor plays game online
By Hu Yongqi ( China Daily )
Updated : 2009-11-13 08:38
A 5 - month old baby died in hospital while the doctor was playing a game online , an investigation has found .
The boy was taken to the Nanjing Children 's Hospital last Tuesday with a serious eye infection that can lead to swelling inside the skull .
Though staff said the boy was doing fine in the afternoon , his condition worsened and he died about 1:30 the next morning .
Computer experts later found the ophthalmologist , Mao Xiaojun , had been playing a game of ' go ' online , health officials said yesterday .
Mao will be dismissed from the hospital and deprived of his medical certificate .
All other on - duty staff will be punished .
The incident came to light after an article posted on the Internet condemned Mao and the hospital , alleging he was playing online games .
The hospital initially said that Mao was writing his thesis that night .
However , health officials launched their own investigation .
" Mao lied to us a few days ago , " Li Shaodong , director of the healthcare reform office of the Jiangsu health department , told China Daily yesterday .
" He admitted to playing the game of ' go ' online after our computer experts checked out evidence on his computer . "
He said Mao did not follow hospital regulations and his sluggish attitude toward patients led to the boy 's death .
The Jiangsu health department said on Wednesday that the hospital was responsible for the baby 's death as its workers did not recognize the baby 's serious condition and failed to give him timely treatment .
The hospital refused to make a statement yesterday and the victim 's family was not available for comment .
The incident has focused attention on negligence and malpractice in hospitals .
On Tuesday , officials at Zhongshan Ophthalmic Center at Sun Yat - sen University said that three of 10 patients who underwent procedures to correct myopia , or nearsightedness , on Oct 21 became infected because the center had used the same laser machine for experiments on animals .
Since 2002 , more than 10,000 lawsuits over medical disputes have been filed in China each year .
Health experts have called for medical staff to improve their skills , and for quicker healthcare reforms .
View Transcript
Transcript
Dilbert says , " My prescription meds have a side effect that made me grow wings . "
Dilbert says , " But I can turn it sexy by flying you over the city on this moonlit night . "
Dilbert says , " Seriously , how many appetizers did you have ? "
Cyanide impact ( Image : P. H. Schultz , Brown University and AVGR )
Life may have been built on a foundation of cyanide formed in the fiery wakes of asteroids plunging through Earth ’s atmosphere , high - speed impact experiments suggest .
Earth was probably not born with much in the way of organic material – the complex molecules containing carbon that life requires .
It formed too close to the sun for such compounds to condense from the swirling primordial disc of gas and dust .
One possibility is that organic matter formed on Earth after the planet coalesced , for example in chemical reactions induced by lightning arcing through the atmosphere , as experiments by Stanley Miller at the University of Chicago in the 1950s suggested .
But the chemical reactions in this process could happen only in an early atmosphere full of methane and hydrogen , and later studies of the ancient geological record have suggested that was unlikely .
Advertisement
Others have suggested the building blocks came from comets and asteroids that struck Earth , because these objects are known to contain high concentrations of organic material .
But the tremendous heat of impact would have burned up much of that material , converting it into simpler molecules like carbon dioxide .
Third way
Now another way for organic material to appear on Earth has been demonstrated .
New experiments show that although impacts destroy the original organic molecules in comets and asteroids , they may help create new ones at the same time .
“ The idea in the past has been , ‘ Any of this stuff coming through the atmosphere would be heated to the point where it would get wasted , ' ” says Peter Schultz of Brown University in Providence , Rhode Island , one of the experimenters .
“ What this new work did was to show that we might actually revive these compounds . ”
With Seiji Sugita of the University of Tokyo , Japan , Schultz simulated asteroid and comet impacts by firing projectiles made of polycarbonate plastic , an organic material , as fast as 6 kilometres per second at metal targets in a laboratory at the NASA Ames Research Center in Moffett Field , California .
The projectiles were vaporised in a flash of light , just as an asteroid or comet would be on impact with Earth ’s surface .
Life - giving poison
Analysis of the spectrum of the flashes revealed abundant cyanide – a compound consisting of a carbon atom bound to a nitrogen atom – formed by chemical reactions between the projectile ’s carbon and nitrogen in the air .
Cyanide compounds are very reactive , so further reactions involving them on early Earth could have led to more complex carbon - containing molecules important to life , Sugita and Schultz argue .
The nitrogen in the cyanide compounds could have been especially important , since it is an ingredient of amino acids – key building blocks for life – but is relatively scarce in the raw organic material of asteroids .
Donald Brownlee of the University of Washington in Seattle , who was not involved in the study , says some of early Earth ’s organic material undoubtedly formed this way .
But he adds that there were probably other sources too , including organic - rich particles of interplanetary dust , which fall to Earth more gently than asteroids and comets .
“ It gets warmed but it does n’t get extremely hot , ” he says .
Journal reference : Geophysical Research Letters , DOI : 10.1029/2009gl040252
Editor 's note :
This essay launches the Global Post special project " After the Fall : 20 Years Since the Berlin Wall Came Down . "
I first saw the Berlin Wall in 1971 .
It was then about 10 years old and was the ugliest human structure I ’d ever seen : gray , brutal , pitiless , unyielding .
Unlike the walls built around ancient European cities ( and the one being proposed for the U.S. border with Mexico ) , this one was not created to keep people out .
It was to keep East Germans in .
If they tried to leave the workers ’ paradise , they must go to the dungeon or the grave .
Only Stalinists could have built this most vile symbol , people with hearts and minds made of concrete certainties .
A friend and I passed through Checkpoint Charlie , a process on the East German side that resembled visiting someone at Leavenworth prison .
The guards wore faces as blank as the wall .
An East German woman in front of me had been visiting relatives in the West .
She had a bundle which the guard pulled open .
Among other items , there was a large Cadbury ’s chocolate bar , and he began breaking it into bits .
Assured that it did not disguise an M - 16 , he looked at her with a blank challenge , as if snarling :
Go ahead , say something .
She gathered her items and went through in silence .
The Great Anti-Fascist Protection
Wall was 16 feet tall , and in some places 10 feet thick .
On the communist side the air seemed heavy with a fog of control and paranoia .
As we began to walk that day long ago , the city revealed itself as a kind of stage set for a dystopian movie , its faceless , dominating totalitarian architecture meant to look permanently unassailable .
The streets were almost empty , without children playing or lovers strolling or workers heading for a friendly bar .
They were like a scene painted by De Chirico , without the warm colors .
The few faces were pure George Grosz , clenched in smothered rage as if time - traveling from the Weimar Republic of the 1920s .
We asked one man for directions in my wretched high school German , and his eyes moved , furtively searching the streets for observers .
He turned away in silence .
We soon fled .
Somewhere in that half - city there must have been laughter , irony , doubt .
On this day , there was no sign of such human impulses .
Instead , a giant television tower was rising from the concrete silence , looking like an intercontinental missile designed to promote invincible stupidity .
I hoped never to return .
Eighteen years later , in the extraordinary year of 1989 , I returned .
My wife , Fukiko , and I had been in the thousand - year - old city of Prague for several weeks , reporting on the fall of communism in Czechoslovakia .
Day after day , and through many nights , we moved in the company of the fearless , laughing men and women who had had enough .
They gathered at the small theater called the Laterna Magika , to hear from the leaders of the revolt , including Vaclav Havel .
They listened to rock ‘ n ’ roll .
They sent bulletins via fax machines ( no laptops yet ) and published mimeographed newspapers to correct the lies of the official press .
Their demands for freedom were laced with mockery and laughter .
They gathered in huge rallies in Wenceslas Square , where you saw old people moving among the young , with tears in their eyes .
I walked on some days up the long cobblestoned path to Prague 's Castle .
Mozart had walked that path , as had the painter Oskar Kokoschka , and Franz Kafka , who made the Castle a symbol of the dark powers of the state .
One morning I saw , just beyond the armed guards , the Stalinists arriving by limousines and hurrying into the Castle .
As the crisis deepened , they appeared more on state television .
They looked like archbishops who no longer believed in God .
They were fighting for those limousines and the parking spots .
Once it was clear that Mikhail Gorbachev would not send the Russian tanks , they lost .
The story of the Stalinist era was over .
On Dec. 11 . one last great crowd gathered in the square , more than 200,000 people , young and old , men , women and children , and even soldiers from the Czech Army flashing V signs with gloved fingers .
Through smiles , tears and hugs , a gigantic chant began : HAVEL NA HRAD !
HAVEL NA HRAD !
Havel to the castle .
Havel , a writer of plays .
Havel , who spent much of his life in Stalinist jails .
Havel , now looking embarrassed .
And so it happened .
It had been a long time since many of us had witnessed a happy ending .
A few days later , Fukiko and I left for Berlin .
All of the communist regimes were tottering , even East Germany with its lies and Stasi informers .
We arrived on a morning dense with an icy rain .
A translator was driving us into East Berlin , where we had booked a hotel .
The guards seemed resigned .
They did not crumple chocolate bars .
We passed through and got into a car .
The rain was harder now .
Then I saw a long line of people , about 300 of them , using umbrellas against the rain or just letting it pound their faces .
The line was more than two blocks long .
“ What is this ? ” I asked the driver .
“ Are they lining up for food ? ”
“ No , ” he said .
“ Today is the first day that we ’ll have books from the West . ”
Pete Hamill hits the Berlin Wall in 1989 .
Courtesy of Fukiko Hamill
That ’s what was defeated .
All over the communist world of that time , nasty little men made the rules .
They wanted no choice , no doubt , no questioning .
They would tell the people what they could do and what they could read .
They had the guns and they wanted obedience .
They had turned the old socialist ideal , for which many decent people had given their lives , into a triumph of the stupid .
They created ignorant states where the binding emotion was not pride but fear .
A few days later , walking along the Western side of the wall , heavily marked with graffiti , I came across a man in his 30s , dressed in a pale blue nylon ski jacket and dirty jeans .
In a gloved hand , he was holding a three - pound , thick - handled hammer , and he was battering the Wall .
When he stopped for breath , he handed me the hammer .
I hefted it , flashing on a job I had for a year at the Brooklyn Navy Yard when I was 16 .
I gave the Wall a good whack .
Then another .
And then I was into it , seeing the guards at Checkpoint Charlie in 1971 , seeing all those people who died trying to get over this goddamned ugly thing , seeing all those Stalinist bureaucrats , filled with what Orwell called “ the smelly little orthodoxies . ”
I kept smashing until I had no strength left .
" Fuck you , " I said out loud and hit it one final time .
“ Ja , gut , ” said the man in the blue nylon jacket .
“ Gut , ja , ja . ”
Yes , very good .
Pete Hamill , a contributing writer for GlobalPost , is a novelist , essayist and journalist whose career spans 40 years .
He has been a columnist for many newspapers and magazines , including the New York Daily News and the New York Post where he also served as editor - in - chief .
He 's also done his fair share of international reporting , including disptaches from Vietnam , Nicaragua , Mexico , Lebanon , Northern Ireland , Berlin and Prague .
Hamill is currently a Distinguished Writer in Residence at New York University .
He is the father of two daughters , including Deirdre Hamill , a photographer whose photo essay on the events of 20 years ago accompanies this piece .
Kent Conrad is trying to sell his Social Security / Medicare cutting commission idea to the White House , and they seem to be listening , to a degree .
To briefly recap :
Senators from both parties on Tuesday put new pressure on Speaker Nancy Pelosi to turn the power to trim entitlement benefits over to an independent commission .
Seven members of the Senate Budget Committee threatened during a Tuesday hearing to withhold their support for critical legislation to raise the debt ceiling if the bill calling for the creation of a bipartisan fiscal reform commission were not attached .
Six others had previously made such threats , bringing the total to 13 senators drawing a hard line on the committee legislation ....
Among [ the panels ] chief responsibilities would be closing the gap between tax revenue coming in and the larger cost of paying for Social Security , Medicare and Medicaid benefits .
The Government Accountability Office recently reported the gap is on pace to reach an " unsustainable " $ 63 trillion in 2083 .
The panel would also have the power to craft legislation that would change the tax code and set limits on government spending .
Conrad and his new bipartisan " gang " which includes Evan Bayh , Diane Feinstein , Joe Lieberman , and Mark Warner want to cede essential power over to this commission for writing tax law by creating a new permanent Senate rule , that any legislation created by it would be subject to an up - or - down vote ; it could not be amended .
Note that none of this gang is demanding that critical legislation like healthcare reform not be subject to cloture rules .
Here 's the bad news :
Top White House officials , including budget director Peter Orszag , met Tuesday with Senate Budget Committee Chairman Sen .
Kent Conrad to discuss establishing such a commission , which has been pushed by Mr. Conrad , a North Dakota Democrat , and his Republican counterpart on the committee , Sen. Judd Gregg of New Hampshire .
Senior congressional officials said the idea was gaining traction .
Two officials said the White House was likely to make its own proposal for a panel , which could have less power than the proposed Conrad - Gregg commission .
White House aides said no final decision had been made .
The idea is to bring Republicans and Democrats together to make tough decisions about how to cut costs or raise revenue in areas including Social Security , Medicare and taxes .
For the White House , establishing a commission would show that the Obama administration is serious about tackling the deficit while postponing any real moves until after the 2010 elections .
Hopefully the White House 's iteration of this commission , should they insist on it's necessity , will have far less power than the one Conrad and Gregg envision .
These Senators know that cutting Social Security and Medicare is political suicide ( and how much would Gregg and Republicans love to have a Democratic president and Congress commit that hari - kari ? ) and want the cover of having an independent commission making them do it .
That the " idea is to bring Republicans and Democrats together to make tough decisions about how to cut costs or raise revenue " when we have a body to do that , called Congress , is particularly galling .
That 's what we elected them to do -- make those decisions on our behalf .
And if we do n't like their decisions , we hire somebody else for the job .
Conrad 's commission would be unelected , unanswerable to the American people .
The other Congressional body is n't keen on this idea .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D , Calif. ) and senior Democrats such as House Appropriations Committee Chairman David Obey of Wisconsin have vociferously opposed delegating tough decisions to outside panels or commissions .
Pelosi is receiving strong support from Campaign for America 's Future , which along with a large group of progressive organizations , is organizing to oppose this panel .
From the statement they are sending to Reid , Pelosi , and Obama :
We write in strong opposition to proposals to create an entitlements or deficit - reduction commission that would override the normal legislative process and replace it with expedited procedures prohibiting amendments and limiting debate .
Those supporting this circumvention of the normal process have stated openly the desire to avoid political accountability .
Americans -- seniors , women , working families , people with disabilities , young adults , children , people of color , veterans , communities of faith and others -- expect their elected representatives to be responsible and accountable for shaping such significant , far - reaching legislation .
Any deficit reduction measures should be carried out in a responsible manner , providing a fairer tax system and strengthening -- rather than slashing -- Social Security , Medicare and other programs that are vital to the middle class .
And as unemployment continues to grow , we need a real debate about how to balance the need for economic recovery and productive public investment with the goal of long - term budget responsibility .
The American people are likely to view any kind of expedited procedure , where most members are sidelined to a single take - it - or - leave - it vote , as a hidden process aimed at eviscerating vital programs and productive investment .
This fight could reach the boiling point soon , as Conrad and his gang are holding the threat of killing legislation to raise the debt ceiling -- must pass legislation before the end of the year , or American defaults on its debts -- to get their commission .
These " fiscal conservatives " are in a game of chicken -- unleash potential economic catastrophe by allowing the the US to default -- in order to reach their end goal of slashing Social Security and Medicare .
Pelosi needs to hold her ground , and be joined by Reid and Obama , to put an end to this undemocratic and dangerous proposal .
Think Progress reports ( via TMZ ) that Rep. Jason Chaffetz ( R - UT - 03 ) is a freakin ' chowderhead :
Rep. Jason Chaffetz ( R - UT ) recently suggested that former beauty pageant contestant Carrie Prejean would be a serious contender for public office : [ Carrie ] has the ability to draw crowds and if she has a strong message to go with that , who knows what she can do ?
She has star power which can open doors .
We ’ve all made mistakes when we were 17 .
[ The sex tape ] is going to be an impediment , but people are excited about her convictions and her beliefs .
They 'll just take any famous person .
Issues and message never mattered .
Not since GOPAC developed the campaign in a box .
Balloon Boy. Octomom .
The FreeCreditReport.com band guys .
The shiniest nickel you ever saw .
Whoever .
Whatever .
Got a rich sugar daddy to buy you some fake boobs so you could compete in a beauty pageant ?
Boo !
Where 's your dignity ?
Filmed yourself masturbating ?
Pervert !
Get lost !
Oppose gay marriage ?
Welcome to the GOP !
Wanna run for something ?
We 've got airport bathroom toe tappers .
Page sex chatters .
Diaper wearers .
And now , sex tape makers .
Whatever !
We 'll take anybody !
We 're thinking of talking to a guy who got a lot of hits for a YouTube video of himself shitting in a hat , cuz he says the taxes on the hat were too high .
Revolution in ' 10 , baby !
Sept. 13 , 2006 -- The U.S. is really divided into eight different Americas when it comes to life expectancy , researchers report .
Those " eight Americas " have a life expectancy gap of almost 14 years , similar to gaps between economically developed and emerging countries , note the researchers .
They included Christopher Murray , MD , DPhil , and Majid Ezzati , PhD , of Harvard School of Public Health in Boston .
" I think that these disparities are large and they are being caused by disease and injuries that we know really well how to control , " Ezzati tells WebMD .
" We know how to reduce tobacco ... blood pressure , cholesterol , alcohol , " he continues .
" So clearly , these interventions are not reaching people who need them the most . "
The study appears in Public Library of Science Medicine .
The researchers also tallied state - by - state life expectancy , noted later in this story .
Windows 7 may be brand spanking new , but that does n't mean you can't find free or cheap tools to tweak its settings , add features , or smooth an upgrade from XP or Vista .
We 've compiled a list of ten valuable software tools -- many of them free -- that can make your Windows 7 experience a lot more rewarding .
Microsoft Security Essentials
Windows 7 , like its predecessors , does n't provide built - in protection against malware such as viruses and spyware .
( It does have a firewall , however . )
You could pay McAfee or Symantec for this service , but why bother with their protection racket when Redmond 's does the same thing for free ?
Microsoft Security Essentials provides solid protection for home PCs , and it 's gratis .
If you prefer third - party security , check out AVG Anti-Virus Free Edition instead .
Ninite
Brave souls upgrading to Windows 7 from XP must do a clean install , a tedious process that includes , among other things , reinstalling all of your apps .
Why not load most of your free and open source programs all at once ?
Ninite does just that .
First , go to the Ninite site and pick the programs you want ( e.g. , Firefox , iTunes , and Skype ) .
Next , download Ninite , which installs the apps on your PC without additional crapware .
Ninite is free for personal use .
Windows Live Photo Gallery
To keep Windows 7 slim and trim -- and avoid the code bloat that slowed Vista -- Microsoft left a few utilities out of its new OS .
One such app , Photo Gallery , is a free , easy to use photo manager / editor that 's worth a download , particularly if you 're not already using Google Picasa to organize your pics and videos .
Windows Easy Transfer
Anyone moving to Windows 7 from XP or Vista should check out this free download , which helps you copy files and settings from one PC to another .
( Windows 7 comes with Easy Transfer . )
The new version of Easy Transfer adds a file explorer , which simplifies the task of selecting the exact files you want to copy .
Easy Transfer wo n't hang if it comes across a file or setting it can't move .
Rather , it 'll complete the transfer and provide a report of everything it could n't copy .
The bad news : Easy Transfer wo n't copy your programs .
For a PC - to - PC connection , you 'll need an Easy Transfer Cable ( about $ 20 ) .
Other transfer options include a USB flash drive , external hard disk , or network connection .
Ultimate Windows Tweaker v2
This free customization tool detects whether you 're running Windows 7 or Vista , and offers only those tweaks that are relevant to your OS .
" Ultimate " is a fitting description for this mega - tweaker , which provide dozens of configuration options for UI , network , security , and system settings .
If you 're all about personalizing Windows 7 , this app 's for you .
WinZip 14 Standard
So you 're about to ask :
If Windows 7 has zip compression built in , why do I need the latest version of WinZip ?
Well , if you seldom use zip archives , you probably do n't .
But zip fans will appreciate the improvements in WinZip 14 Standard , which has simplified the process of zipping and mailing archives in Win 7 .
The latest version offers better compression ratios too .
WinZip 14 Standard costs $ 30 .
EnhanceMySe7en
Free
Windows 7 may be easier to use than Vista or XP , but diagnostic and maintenance chores can still be tricky .
EnhanceMySe7en is a handy utility for anyone doing a little system housekeeping .
This free app makes it easier to select which programs will load when Windows starts , monitor your hard drives ' performance , " health , " and temperature , and fiddle with the Registry -- if you dare .
Image Resizer Powertoy Clone
Need to resize pictures in Windows 7 ?
This free utility makes it easy -- simply right - click one or more image files in Windows Explorer .
You can select one of four sizes : small ( 640 by 480 ) ; medium ( 800 by 600 ) ; large ( 1024 by 768 ) ; or handheld PC ( 240 by 320 ) .
You can create your own custom sizes too .
Systerac Tools for Windows 7
This bundle of 16 tools from Systerac has everything you 'll need to keep Windows 7 running smoothly .
You can tweak Windows ' performance and appearance , optimize memory , clean up the hard drive , cover your tracks by shredding files , and so on .
The Systerac interface is aesthetically appealing , nicely organized , and easy to learn .
The $ 20 Windows 7 version runs on Vista too .
Windows 7 Upgrade Advisor
Do n't upgrade to Windows 7 before running this free utility from Microsoft .
Upgrade Advisor scans your PC to see if it 's ready for Win 7 .
If it detects any potential problems , including insufficient memory , incompatible hardware , or outdated software , it 'll let you know in a brief summary report .
Statement on known Taliban website may indicate that leaders are retreating from alliance with al - Qaida
The Taliban have issued an English - language statement claiming they pose no international threat – a move that will fuel the debate among US and European policymakers over whether the hardline Afghan insurgent group can be split away from the international militants of al - Qaida .
The statement came amid reports that Barack Obama 's military advisers are shifting the focus of US operations to target al - Qaida in Pakistan while downplaying the threat posed to America by the Taliban .
But 36 hours after the statement was released , the Taliban claimed responsibility for a massive suicide bomb targeting the Indian embassy in Kabul that killed at least 17 people .
Published yesterday on the eighth anniversary of the first coalition strikes on Afghanistan in 2001 , the communique declared the militants ' aim to be the " obtainment of independence and establishment of an Islamic system " .
" We did not have any agenda to harm other countries including Europe nor we have such agenda today , " said the statement , which was posted on a known Taliban website .
" Still , if you want to turn the country of the proud and pious Afghans into a colony , then know that we have an unwavering determination and have braced for a prolonged war . "
The statement 's authenticity is yet to be confirmed , but the claim would appear to be evidence at the very least that the Taliban are seeking to influence the strategic argument in the west .
The statements may equally be a sign that senior Taliban figures are reassessing the movement 's longstanding – but often tense – alliance with al - Qaida .
In a recent exchange of emails with the Guardian , a Taliban spokesman avoided questions on the relationship between the Afghan insurgents and Osama bin Laden .
The spokesman said the Taliban closely monitored public opinion in western Europe and policy arguments in the US .
As Obama continues to reassess the Afghan war strategy , advisers told the New York Times that he had been presented with an approach that might not require the increase in troop numbers in Afghanistan called for by the most senior US and Nato general in the region , General Stanley McChrystal .
Obama will today meet the secretary of state , Hilary Clinton , and the vice - president , Joe Biden , who has been arguing for months that Pakistan is a greater priority than Afghanistan .
The New York Times said that Clinton and the defence secretary , Robert Gates , had warned that the Taliban in Afghanistan remained linked to al - Qaida and would give its fighters haven again if the Taliban regained control of all or large parts of Afghanistan .
" Clearly , al - Qaida is a threat not only to the US homeland and American interests abroad , but it has a murderous agenda , " one senior administration official said .
" We want to destroy its leadership , its infrastructure and its capability . "
The official contrasted that with the Taliban , which the administration has begun to define as an indigenous group that aspires to reclaim territory and rule the country , but does not express ambitions of attacking the US .
" When the two [ groups ] are aligned it 's mainly on the tactical front , " the official said , adding that al - Qaida had fewer than 100 fighters in Afghanistan .
Yesterday , the White House confirmed that Obama received McChrystal 's troop reinforcements request a week ago .
It is said to include a range of options , from adding as few as 10,000 additional combat troops to McChrystal 's strong preference for as many as 40,000 .
The renewed attention on Pakistan comes amid a recognition that the US can neither win the eight - year - old conflict in Afghanistan nor succeed more broadly against al - Qaida without help from Islamabad .
Obama and some of his key aides are increasingly pointing to recent successes against al - Qaida through targeted missile strikes and raids in Pakistan , Somalia and elsewhere .
Obama said on Tuesday that al - Qaida had " lost operational capacity " as a result .
Serious doubts about the Afghan government have led some to question whether an effective counterinsurgency mission is possible .
McChrystal 's recommended approach calls for additional troops in Afghanistan for a counterinsurgency campaign to defeat the Taliban , build up the central government and deny al - Qaida its refuge .
McChrystal , whose plan is reminiscent of Bush 's troop " surge " in Iraq in 2008 , says extra troops are crucial to turn around a war that probably will be won or lost during the next 12 months .
At the opposite end of the spectrum , an alternative favoured most prominently by Biden would keep the American force in Afghanistan at around the 68,000 already authorised , including the 21,000 more troops Obama ordered this year , but increase the use of surgical strikes with Predator drones and special forces .
I just saw this announcement on my Google Alert : TurnKey Linux release 40 virtual appliances into the cloud that brings me to at least two issues :
1 ) It would be great to see some more Perl applications on those Turnkey appliances .
E.g. WebGUI , Bricolage , a Catalyst development and runtime environment just to name a few .
2 ) We should also make use of the Linux PR service to promote some of the applications written in Perl .
3 ) We might want to setup a similar site for Perl PR though we should think it over why would that be better than whatever we have now .
Maybe this should be under TPF or EPO and they should actually offer this only to member organizations that pay membership fees .
The American War on Pot Rolls On Editor ’s Note :
At a time when American prisons are overflowing and government budgets are busting , authorities across the United States continue to arrest and prosecute hundreds of thousands of people for marijuana possession , sometimes even for small amounts .
In this guest essay , journalist Sherwood Ross examines this excessive use of government power against citizens engaging in personal behavior that many doctors say is n’t as dangerous as drinking alcohol and far less risky than smoking cigarettes :
Seven million Americans have been arrested since 1995 on marijuana charges and 41,000 of them are rotting in federal and state prisons .
Thousands of other pot users and sellers are confined in local jails .
But the public is starting to rebel against “ the preposterous war on pot , ” two political scientists say .
Email
Printer friendly People convicted of possessing even one ounce of marijuana can face a mandatory minimum sentence of a year in jail , and having even one plant in your yard is a federal felony , ” progressive organizer Jim Hightower and co-author Phillip Frazer point out in the November issue of “ The Hightower Lowdown . ”
Police arrest someone in America every 36 seconds on marijuana charges , with a record 872,000 arrests made in 2007 , “ more than for all violent crimes combined , ” Hightower and Frazer point out .
They note that 89 per cent of all marijuana arrests “ are for simple possession of the weed , not for producing or selling it . ”
They argue the drug war “ is doing far more harm than marijuana itself ever will , ” because ( 1 ) it diverts hundreds of thousands of police agents from serious crimes “ to the pursuit of harmless tokers ” ; ( 2 ) it costs taxpayers at minimum $ 10 billion a year to catch , prosecute and incarcerate marijuana users and sellers ; ( 3 ) it enables government to snatch the cars , money , computers and other properties of people caught up in drug raids even if they have had no charges filed against them ; and ( 4 ) it allows “ police agents at all levels to trample our Bill of Rights in their eagerness to nab pot consumers . ”
The drug war has also unleashed a torrent of racism in the form of unjust sentencing , which confines crack - cocaine users who are mostly black to prison for longer terms than powder snorters , who are mostly white .
Hightower and Frazer say authorities have perverted the infamous “ Patriot Act ” of 2001 for use in non-terrorism cases , allowing “ sneak - and - peak ” search warrants to be used in drug war probes , including pursuit of marijuana users .
The Act ’s provisions were supposed to be applied only for suspected terrorist acts .
Only three of the Justice Department ’s 763 requests for “ sneak - and - peak ” last year were used for terrorism searches , they report in Lowdown .
By outlawing drugs , Hightower and Frazer contend , Congress has created “ a vast , murderous narco - state within Mexico ” to satisfy U.S. consumer demand for the drugs .
And Plan Colombia , the multi-billion - dollar operation started by Bill Clinton in 2000 to eradicate coca production there , has failed , judging by the 15 percent increase in coca production .
For all the legislation against it , pot is more plentiful than ever and 10 per cent of Americans told surveyors they have enjoyed using it in the previous year while four in ten say they used it at some point in their lives .
Plus , a 2005 survey found 85 per cent of high school seniors claimed pot was “ easy to get ” , easier than alcohol , which is a regulated drug , The Hightower Lowdown points out .
The publication quotes a University of Michigan student who told them , “ If the government trusts society to use alcohol responsibly , it is idiotic to assume citizens are somehow incapable of responsible use of cannabis . ”
A Gallup opinion poll in 2005 found 51 percent of Americans stating that alcohol is more dangerous than marijuana and 52 per cent saying pot should be legalized , taxed , and regulated .
State and local governments , Hightower and Frazer report , “ have begun walking step by step away from the weed war . ”
Since 1996 , 13 states from Rhode Island to Alaska have passed laws to allow growing and distribution of doctor - prescribed marijuana for medical purposes .
What ’s more , pot possession is no longer criminalized in a dozen states : Alaska , California , Colorado , Maine , Massachusetts , Minnesota , Mississippi , Nebraska , Nevada , North Carolina , Ohio and Oregon .
The drive now is for outright legalization of pot , the authors say .
This would enable officials to take the exorbitant profit and violence out of illicit black - market weed by legalizing it and turning it into a revenue - producer that would rake in tax dollars .
Instead , the Office of National Drug Control Policy says , Americans spend $ 9 billion a year buying pot from Mexico ; $ 10 billion on pot from Canada , and $ 39 billion on home - grown pot , now America ’s Numero Uno cash crop – “ topping the value of corn and wheat combined . ”
By one estimate , legalization would produce annual tax revenues of $ 6.2 billion .
In Portugal , which legalized all drugs in 2001 , hard drug use has showed a stunning decline while the numbers of people getting detox aid has soared , Time magazine reported on April 26 .
By contrast , the United States has the highest rates of drug use in the world .
As Rep. Barney Frank has said , “ I now think it ’s time for the politicians to catch up to the public .
The notion that you lock people up for smoking marijuana is pretty silly . ”
There is , however , a downside to the legalization of pot : some of the individuals in the legal system who depend on the arrests of pot smokers might have to find worthwhile jobs instead .
Look at all the paychecks that get cut :
The cops make their collars .
The bail bondsmen get their rake off .
The prosecutors make their cases .
The social workers write up their interviews .
The clerks push their papers .
The lawyers collect their fees .
The judges render their verdicts .
The prison guards make their rounds .
The vendors sell their baloney sandwiches .
The construction firms build their additions .
And the shrinks nod their heads .
One last thought : cigarettes kill 440,000 Americans every year and sicken millions , while smoking a joint creates no such danger .
If the growers and peddlers of pot belong in jail , where do the manufacturers of brand - name cigarettes and cigars belong ?
In two years , they kill more Americans than all the Blues and Grays who died ( 620,000 ) in the Civil War .
Indeed , in the next two years , 440 times as many Americans will be killed by smoking cigarettes than all U.S. troops killed in six years of fighting in Iraq .
While this writer opposes the use of all drugs , and does not indulge himself , it ’s easy to see the prosecution of pot smokers and growers for victimless crimes is , as Lowdown reports , “ preposterous . ”
Sherwood Ross formerly worked for The Chicago Daily News and other major dailies and as a columnist for wire services .
He currently runs a public relations firm for “ worthy causes ” .
You can reach him at sherwoodross10@gmail.com .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
If anyone thought the hurried TSA regulations had brought airport security up to snuff , check out what a bum managed today in Maryland .
Right out of Grand Theft Auto , a homeless man stole a small airplane , sped down the runway , and crashed .
How 's that tightened airport security look now ?
--------------------------------------------
FREDERICK , Md. ( AP ) -- Police in Maryland say a homeless man tried to leave town in a stolen plane but crashed the single - engine aircraft on a municipal airport runway before he ever left the ground .
Fifty - one - year - old Calvin Cox faces a bond hearing Monday on charges of felony theft , burglary and trespass .
Lt. Clark Pennington says a Frederick County Sheriff 's Office canine team found Cox in the woods near the airport after an airport worker reported the crash of the Piper Super Cub at about 2:15 a.m. Monday .
Pennington says
Cox is familiar with airplanes but not proficient in their operation .
He says the plane owned by the Mid-Atlantic Soaring Association had fuselage and propeller damage .
Cox does n't have a lawyer yet .
Trail Running Hiking to the amazing Tamolitch Pool on Oregon ’s McKenzie River ! » Oregon ’s McKenzie River ’s headwaters are technically at Clear Lake , located along Highway 126 , a common connector between Highway 20 and Highway 242 .
The renowned McKenzie River Trail starts slightly north of Clear Lake where a sign along Highway 126 marks the way on the opposite ...
Proxy Falls Hike in the Three Sisters Wilderness ! » . . Quite frankly , the Proxy Falls hike in the Three Sisters Wilderness of Central Oregon is a non-technical waterfall - wilderness wonderland .
Why , you ask ?
I ’ll tell you why !
Beautiful wildflowers , stunning fall color , and one of the most beautiful waterfalls in the world .
( before you ...
It 's Official : Sun Debuts Java EE 6 , Plus Glassfish v3 and NetBeans 6.8
Java EE 6 is now a done deal .
On the heels of last week 's vote to ratify the new Java specification , Sun Microsystems , the leader of the Java community , today formally announced the release of Java EE 6 .
Along with the news , Sun today also released Glassfish version 3  the first Java EE 6 - compliant Java serveras well as NetBeans 6.8 IDE , which also includes full Java EE 6 support .
With the releases , Sun ( NASDAQ : JAVA ) is providing the first major update to the Java EE platform in over three years .
This month also marks another significant milestone with the tenth anniversary of the first J2EE release ( the former name of Java EE ) in 1999 .
" Java EE 6 is important for many reasons , not the least of which is that it continued the development , maturation and innovation of the standard for enterprise Java development , " Kevin Schmidt , director of product management and marketing for Sun 's Application Platform organization , said during a conference call with press this morning .
" Java EE 6 adds new services like RESTful Web Services , dependency injection and annotation additions for servlets , further reducing the amount of code that a developer must write . "
Schmidt added that the introduction of Profiles also makes Java EE 6 more extensible .
The feature aims to help developers leverage only the parts of Java EE 6 they need for a given application , instead of using the entire platform .
Tom Kincaid , executive director of Sun's Application Platform organization , added call that the key items that Java EE 6 enables are developer productivity , ease of application development , flexibility and extensibility .
As an example , Kincaid said that a coding task that would take over 20 lines of code spread across several source files can now be done with two lines of code in a single source file .
" We 've taken similar steps in the way applications are packaged and deployed by reducing the number of archives required to produce an enterprise application hence speed up the development process by orders of magnitude for certain tasks , " he said .
Though some in the Java Community Process ( JCP ) have expressed dissatisfaction with the process of how Java EE 6 was completed , Kincaid is not one of them .
He said Sun is very proud of the release , and added that over 2,700 people contributed in some way to the JCP process that led to the final Java EE 6 specification .
NetBeans 6.8
Alongside the Java EE 6 release , Sun is also updating its core IDE for Java development .
NetBeans 6.8 provides full Java EE 6 support , enabling developers to target and develop for Java EE 6 - compliant middleware servers .
The NetBeans 6.8 release also builds on the previous 6.7 release , which came out in June , by providing more PHP support .
While NetBeans is primarily a Java IDE , Sun has also gained traction among PHP developers .
Features for them in NetBeans 6.8 includes added support for PHP 5.3 .
Glassfish v3
Sun today also released Glassfish v3 , which becomes the first Java EE 6 - compliant application server .
Becoming compliant requires passing the Java EE 6 Test Compatibility Kit , among other requirements .
The final Glassfish v3 release follows the Glassfish v3 Prelude release , which came out in November 2008 .
Schmidt noted that GlassFish v3 Prelude was a fully supported release that delivered a modular platform for Java EE 5 Web technologies on an OSGi runtime .
" It also delivered early access to some Java EE 6 technologies to enable developers to gain experience with some of the new and updated specifications , " Schmidt said .
" The goal of the release was to accelerate adoption of Java EE 6 and to deliver a lightweight GlassFish Web container that laid a modular foundation for Glass Fish v3 . "
Schmidt added that the feedback Sun received on the Prelude release influenced the feature set in Glass Fish v3 , which is fully Java EE 6 - compliant and has a modular runtime based on OSGi , offering distributions for the full Java EE 6 Platform and the new Java EE 6 Web Profile .
What 's Old Is New
The new Java EE 6 release does not mean that Java developers now need to go back and recode their older Java EE applications .
One of the hallmarks of Java over the years is its backward compatibility , a feature that continues with Java EE 6 .
" Every release of Java EE comes with a compatibility test kit that every vendor need to pass , " Kincaid said .
" It includes all the tests from previous releases of Java EE .
The test suite now has over 60,000 tests and we believe that will preserve backwards compatibility . "
Nicolas Cage is a big movie star with an even bigger name .
A member of the famous Coppola family , Cage spent lavishly over the years , accumulating 9 Rolls Royces , 30 motorcycles , exotic pets , multiple luxury vehicles , a castle , and homes throughout the world .
It 's no wonder he's now being hunted by the IRS for tax evasion - he 's broke !
Currently , Cage owes $ 6.5 million in back taxes and is being sued by former business manager Samuel Levin .
Carrie Prejean ’s media tour continues !
In this episode , Carrie speaks to Christianity Today about how she ’s carrying out God ’s plan , and how Jesus thinks plastic boobs are kosher .
For real !
It ’s pretty funny actually , and I guess the best thing I can say about the interview ( full article here ) is that she did n’t throw a tantrum and act like a petulant child .
Also , the Huffington Post points out that she is still playing around with the whole sex tape timeline again when she describes her transfer to a more Jesus -y college .
Her boyfriend claims Carrie made the “ solo ” tape for him when she was 20 , while Carrie is still claiming it was just something “ dumb “ she did when she was “ 16 or 17 ” .
Maybe we ’ll never know the real story !
Here ’s some of the highlights of her interview :
On when she traded her depraved teenage behavior for Christianity :
I went to Santa Barbara and I found out that it was a big party school , and I just did n’t seem to fit in .
So after I came back , I started going to San Diego Christian College , and that ’s where I felt at home …
I think that was at a Christian school where it ’s cool to study on Friday nights , and you do n’t have the pressure of going out and drinking , and you are surrounded by people who have the same interests as you .
That was a big turning point in my life , when I started going to the Rock , when I was about 18 .
On finding forgiveness for Perez Hilton :
Oh yeah .
I actually feel really sorry for him .
I really do .
If you look at his website , it ’s kind of scary what he does .
Does your Christian faith inform your views ?
Absolutely .
If you read the Bible , it seems like everybody is trying to argue with the truth .
It ’s in the Bible , and if you believe in the Bible you believe it ’s the truth .
It starts with Adam and Eve and ends with a wedding .
How do you respond to people who might say you hate gays and lesbians ?
People who say I hate gays and lesbians are , in a polite way , ignorant .
I think they do n’t see that just because someone does n’t agree with redefining marriage that they hate you — I ’ve never said that I hated gays .
I have friends who are gay .
I have hairdressers who are gay .
I live in California — that ’s the most liberal state there is .
I am not afraid of gays .
It ’s just a personal opinion .
They have an opinion ; I have my own opinion .
Why is my opinion not valid ?
Christian groups have asked you to come to their events and included you in advertisements .
Did you ever think these groups were exploiting you for their own ends ?
No , I think they embraced what I stood for .
People forget that I ’m 22 years old .
Not many people would have done what I did .
Everything was on the line ; I ’d worked so hard for this goal , and I was n’t willing to lie , to be politically correct to win the pageant .
Regardless of who you are , people are drawn toward that .
People are drawn toward a 22 - year - old speaking out for what she believes in and being brutally attacked because of it .
I do n’t think any of these groups are exploiting me .
I think they ’re embracing the younger generation doing something .
On reconciling her breast implants with her Christian faith :
No , I do n’t think there ’s anything wrong with getting breast implants as a Christian .
I think it ’s a personal decision .
I do n’t see anywhere in the Bible where it says you should n’t get breast implants .
Can you comment on the reports that you settled a lawsuit against Miss USA because of sex tapes ?
Everything that was discussed in mediation was confidential .
There is a video out there of me .
I was really young and immature .
It was the worst mistake of my life .
It was a really stupid , stupid decision that I made .
But I take full responsibility for it .
Did I think I would ever be a celebrity or that my boyfriend at the time , who I sent it to , would ever blackmail me ?
No .
I think we all make mistakes and we all do things when we ’re young that sometimes backfire later in life .
I give advice to younger girls in my book because I ’ve learned a lot since I was 16 or 17 years old .
Original publication date
Important events
Epigraph
Dedication
First words
Idle reader , you can believe without any oath of mine that I would wish this book , as the child of my brain , to be the most beautiful , the liveliest and the cleverest imaginable .
Prologue : Idle reader : I do n't have to swear any oaths to persuade you that I should like this book , since it is the son of my brain , to be the most beautiful and elegant and intelligent book imaginable .
Chapter 1 : In a village in La Mancha , the name of which I cannot quite recall , there lived not long ago one of those country gentlemen or hidalgos who keep a lance in a rack , an ancient leather shield , a scrawny hack and a greyhound for coursing .
Quotations
And as I have heard say , true love cannot be divided , and must be voluntary and unforced : -- this being so , as I believe it is , why would you have me subject my will by force , being not otherwise obliged thereto , than only because you say you love me ?
For , pray tell me , if as heaven has made me handsome , it had made me ugly , would it have been just that I should have complained of you because you did not love me ?
( Part 1 , Chapter 14 .
Marcela is speaking )
Heaven has not yet ordained that I should love by destiny ; and from loving by choice , I desire to be excused .
( Part 1 , Chapter 14 .
Marcela is speaking )
Last words
And with this you will fulfill you Christian duty , by giving good counsel to those who do not wish you well , and I shall be pleased and proud to have been the first who completely enjoyed the fruits of his writing , just as he wished , for my only desire has been to have people reject and despise the false and nonsensical histories of the books of chivalry , which are already stumbling over the history of my true Don Quixote , and will undoubtedly fall to the ground .
Vale .
( Click to show .
Warning : May contain spoilers . )
Farewell .
( Click to show .
Warning : May contain spoilers . )
Disambiguation notice Don Quixote was originally published in two parts .
This is the complete and unabridged version , containing both parts .
Please do not combine with abridged or incomplete versions .
Publisher 's editors
Apparently we wo n't have to deal with upgrading our Microsoft - driven computers for another three years .
According to a tentative roadmap , the next version of the OS , Windows 8 , wo n't be arriving until 2012 .
Advertisement
This release date would be consistent with the schedule Microsoft has been maintaining , but I suggest they do n't rush it .
I still can't let go of some Windows XP installs , much less jump to Windows 8 so quickly .
[ MSFT Kitchen via Electronista ]
PHILADELPHIA -- A Philadelphia woman charged with offering
sex for World Series tickets says she 's embarrassed about her
arrest , but did nothing wrong and is still hopeful of attending a
game .
" I did n't do anything wrong , so I 'm not embarrassed about my
actions .
I 'm embarrassed about how I was arrested , " Susan
Finkelstein told The Associated Press in a phone interview
Wednesday , a day after meeting at a suburban bar with an undercover
police officer responding to an ad on Craigslist .
Finkelstein 's lawyer said his client is merely " a nice lady
overcome with Phillies fever . "
She might have dropped double entendres in her Craigslist ad but
never explicitly offered sex , her lawyer William J. Brennan said .
The 43 - year - old University of Pennsylvania graduate student
wanted to take her husband to a game between her beloved
Philadelphia Phillies and the New York Yankees .
The self - described
" buxom blonde " said she was simply trying to score tickets
online , as she had in the past .
Over a few beers at a suburban bar , she told a police officer
she needed two tickets , one for herself and one for her husband .
No
price had been discussed , and Finkelstein and her lawyer stopped
short of recounting specifics of what was said before several
officers sitting at a nearby table came to arrest her .
Brennan hopes to get the misdemeanor charge of promoting
prostitution dismissed .
" If somebody read into that posting a sexual connotation ,
that 's on them .
There 's no overt sexual reference , " Brennan said .
Finkelstein told WPVI - TV she was looking to get a deal on
tickets .
" I was hoping to get cheap tickets , " she said , " maybe meet
someone , and talk , and bat my eyelashes and maybe get some
tickets . "
Finkelstein faces a preliminary hearing in Bucks County on Dec .
3 . On the bright side , she 's been offered a pair of tickets to a
weekend game in Philadelphia , courtesy of a radio station and car
dealer .
" It definitely was n't worth all this ... turmoil and anxiety , "
she told the AP with her lawyer and husband , 56 - year - old John
LaVoy , on the line .
" Hopefully , the silver lining is I do get to
see the game . "
She is not worried about the notoriety that might follow her to
the stadium in the wake of national news coverage of her arrest .
" I think most people will be focused on the game , " Finkelstein
said .
A few months back I wrote a post about how when Bob McDonnell won a seat to the Virginia House of Delegates back back in 1991 , Ralph Reed and the Christian Coalition cited that victory as proof of the effectiveness of their “ guerrilla warfare ” election strategy .
So that explains why Reed has been so active in Virginia now that McDonnell is seeking to become Virginia ’s Governor … and also why Pat Robertson and his family have dumped tens of thousands of dollars into his campaign :
Full declaration of a type can be deferred to the unit 's body [ edit ]
Often , you 'll want to make changes to the internals of a private type .
This , in turn , will require the algorithms that act on it to be modified .
If the type is completed in the unit specification , it is a pain to edit and recompile both files , even with an IDE , but it 's something some programmers learn to live with .
It turns out you do n't have to .
Nonchalantly mentioned in the ARM , and generally skipped over in tutorials , is the fact that private types can be completed in the unit 's body itself , making them much closer to the relevant code , and saving a recompile of the specification , as well as every unit depending on it .
This may seem like a small thing , and , for small projects , it is .
However , if you have one of those uncooperative types that requires dozens of tweaks , or if your dependence graph has much depth , the time and annoyance saved add up quickly .
Also , this construction is very useful when coding a shared library , because it permits to change the implementation of the type while still providing a compatible ABI .
Code sample :
package Private_And_Body is type Private_Type is limited private ; -- Operations ... private type Body_Type ; -- incomplete type declaration completed in the body type Private_ Type is access Body_Type ; end Private_And_Body ;
The type in the public part is an access to the hidden type .
This has the drawback that memory management has to be provided by the package implementation .
That is the reason why Private_Type is a limited type , the client will not be allowed to copy the access values , in order to prevent dangling references .
Normally , the full type definition has to be given in the specification because the compiler has to know how much place to allocate to objects in order to produce code using this type .
And the astute reader will note that also in this case the full type definition is given for Private_Type : it is an access to some other ( albeit incomplete ) type , and the size of an access value is known .
This is why the full type definition of Body_Type can be moved to the body .
The construction centering around Private_Type is sometimes called an opaque pointer .
Lambda calculus through generics [ edit ]
Suppose you 've decided to roll your own set type .
You can add things to it , remove things from it , and you want to let a user apply some arbitrary function to all of its members .
But the scoping rules seem to conspire against you , forcing nearly everything to be global .
The mental stumbling block is that most examples given of generics are packages , and the Set package is already generic .
In this case , the solution is to make the Apply_To_All procedure generic as well ; that is , to nest the generics .
Generic procedures inside packages exist in a strange scoping limbo , where anything in scope at the instantiation can be used by the instantiation , and anything normally in scope at the formal can be accessed by the formal .
The end result is that the relevant scoping roadblocks no longer apply .
It is n't the full lambda calculus , just one of the most useful parts .
generic type Element is private ; package Sets is type Set is private ; [..] generic with procedure Apply_To_One ( The_Element : in out Element ) ; procedure Apply_To_All ( The_Set : in out Set ) ; end Sets ;
For a view of Functional Programming in Ada see . [ 1 ]
Compiler Messages [ edit ]
Different compilers can diagnose different things differently , or the same thing using different messages , etc. .
Having two compilers at hand can be useful .
selected component
When a source program contains a construct such as Foo.
Bar , you may see messages saying something like « selected component " Bar " » or maybe like « selected component " Foo " » .
The phrases may seem confusing , because one refers to Foo , while the other refers to Bar .
But they are both right .
The reason is that selected _component is an item from Ada 's grammar ( 4.1.3 Selected Components ( Annotated ) ) .
It denotes all of : a prefix , a dot , and a selector_name .
In the Foo .
Bar example these correspond to Foo , ' . ' , and Bar .
Look for more grammar words in the compiler messages , e.g. « prefix » , and associate them with identifiers quoted in the messages .
For example , if you submit the following code to the compiler ,
with Pak ; package
Foo is type T is new Pak .
Bar ; --
Oops ,
Pak is generic !
end Foo ;
the compiler may print a diagnostic message about a prefixed component :
Foo 's author thought that Pak denotes a package , but actually it is the name of a generic package .
( Which needs to be instantiated first ; and then the instance name is a suitable prefix . )
Universal integers [ edit ]
All integer literals and also some attributes like ' Length are of the anonymous type universal_integer , which comprises the infinite set of mathematical integers .
Named numbers are of this type and are evaluated exactly ( no overflow except for machine storage limitations ) , e.g .
Since universal_integer has no operators , its values are converted in this example to root_integer , another anonymous type , the calcuation is performed and the result again converted back in universal_integer .
Generally values of universal_integer are implicitly converted to the appropriate type when used in some expression .
So the expression not A ' Length is fine ; the value of A ' Length is interpreted as a modular integer since not can only be applied to modular integers ( of course a context is needed to decide which modular integer type is meant ) .
This feature can lead to pitfalls .
Consider
and then
-- 1 if A ' Length in Ran_6 then -- OK … -- 2 if not A ' Length in Ran_6 then -- not OK … -- this is the same as if ( not A ' Length ) in Ran_6 then -- not OK … -- 3 if A ' Length in 1 .. 6 then -- OK … -- 4 if not A ' Length in 1 .. 6 then -- not OK … -- 5 if A ' Length in Mod_6 then -- OK ? … -- 6 if not A ' Length in Mod_6 then -- OK ? …
The second conditional cannot be compiled because the expressions to the left of in is incompatible to the type at the right .
Note that not has precedence over in .
It does not negate the entire membership test but only A ' Length .
The fourth conditional fails in various ways .
The sixth conditional might be fine because not turns A ' Length into a modular value which is OK if the value is covered by modular type Mod_6 .
GNAT GPL 2009 gives these diagnoses respectively :
error : incompatible types error : operand of not must be enclosed in parentheses warning : not expression should be parenthesized here
A way to avoid these problems is to use not in for the membership test ( which , btw. , is the language - intended form ) ,
if A ' Length not in Ran_6 then -- OK …
Text_IO Issues [ edit ]
A canonical method of reading a sequence of lines from a text file uses the standard procedure Ada .
Text_IO . Get_Line .
When the end of input is reached , Get_Line will fail , and exception End_Error is raised .
Some programs will use another function from Ada .
Text_IO to prevent this and test for End_of_File .
However , this is n't always the best choice , as has been explained for example in a Get_Line news group discussion on comp.lang.ada .
A working solution uses an exception handler instead :
The function End_of_File RM A.10.1 ( 34 ) works fine as long as the file follows the canonical form of text files presumed by Ada , which is always the case when the file has been written by Ada .
Text_IO .
This canonical form requires an End_of_Line marker followed by an End_of_Page marker at the very end before the End_of_File .
If the file was produced by another any other means , it will generally not have this canonical form , so a test for End_of_ File will fail .
That 's why the exception End_Error has to be used in those cases ( which always works ) .
Quirks [ edit ]
Using GNAT on Windows , calls to subprograms from Ada .
Real_Time might need special attention .
( For example , the Real_Time .
Clock function might seem to return values indicating that no time has passed between two invocations when certainly some time has passed . )
The cause is reported to be a missing initialization of the run-time support when no other real - time features are present in the program .
[ 2 ]
As a provisional fix , it is suggested to insert
before any use of Real_Time services .
Stack Size [ edit ]
With some implementations , notably GNAT , knowledge of stack size manipulation will be to your advantage .
Executables produced with GNAT tools and standard settings can hit the stack size limit .
If so , the operating system might allow setting higher limits .
Using GNU / Linux and the Bash command shell , try
$ ulimit -s [ some number ]
The current value is printed when only -s is given to ulimit .
References [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
Wikibook [ edit ]
Browns quarterback Brady Quinn has been fined by the NFL for his chop- block on Baltimore 's Terrell Suggs .
Quinn , who said he received a letter from the league on Wednesday , would not disclose the size of the fine , but a league source tells ESPN NFL Insider Adam Schefter the amount is $ 10,000 .
A league source tells ESPN's Michael Smith that an MRI exam showed Suggs suffered a severe MCL sprain in his right knee from Quinn 's block on Monday night .
There is no definitive timetable for Suggs ' return , but he is expected to miss at least the next couple of weeks , the source said .
Suggs ' agent , Gary Wichard , told the Carroll County Times he fears his client could miss the rest of the season .
Quinn insists he was not trying to hurt Suggs and has apologized to him and the Ravens .
He understands why the Ravens were mad and can appreciate them questioning his intentions .
" I can see why they'd be upset , " he said .
" But again , he was n't even in my vision .
I was trying to get to the ball .
He cut across my face as I was already try to jump down for the tackle . "
The Ravens were fuming over the hit .
Quinn threw the chop - block at Suggs after an interception in the third quarter , rolling into his right knee .
After the game , Quinn said the chop - block came as he was trying to get at cornerback Chris Carr , who intercepted the football , and that he had no intention of hurting Suggs .
But Ravens linebacker Ray Lewis said after the game that he thought Quinn should pay a significant fine for the hit .
" Heck yeah , it was a cheap shot , when you 're running down and you 're looking at the quarterback going at somebody 's knees who does n't even have the ball , " Lewis said .
" I want to see if he gets the same fine I got or even higher .
Now this man [ Suggs ] is out four or five weeks because of some baloney like that . "
Lewis was fined $ 25,000 earlier this season for a pair of hits in a game against the Cincinnati Bengals .
After the game , Quinn said he was sorry .
" I was trying to go for the ball carrier , " he said .
" Suggs came across at the last second in my vision .
I would never wish that upon anyone .
I was upset about it on the field .
We worked out in Arizona together .
I could n't be any more sorry about that .
That was never the intent .
I 'm sorry to Terrell and the rest of their team . "
" You just do n't do that , " San Diego Chargers linebacker Shaun Phillips told ESPN's " First Take " on Wednesday , saying Quinn should be fined $ 50,000 .
Wichard was n't buying Quinn 's explanation of how he came to hit Suggs .
" That cat should be fined as much as anybody is fined that hits the quarterback , " Wichard said , according to the Carroll County Times .
" That 's ridiculous .
I do n't understand what he was trying to do .
It was blatant .
It 's absolutely criminal .
It 's about as nasty as it gets .
" The guy had total control and went right for his knee .
You can't call that an accident .
It was premeditated .
The quarterback zeroed in on Terrell 's knee .
That 's absurd .
The ball carrier was right in front of him , " he said , according to the report .
Browns coach Eric Mangini believes Quinn was only trying to tackle Carr .
" Knowing Brady , he 's a good person , " Mangini said .
" I do n't think he would ever look to hurt someone deliberately . "
Ravens coach John Harbaugh said Tuesday on his radio show that he doubts Quinn had malicious intent .
But that does n't change that it was an illegal hit , he said , according to The Baltimore Sun .
" There is no question that it 's beyond the rules .
It 's absolutely illegal .
I 'm sure Brady knows that , " Harbaugh said , according to the report .
" I do n't think for one second that he 's trying to hurt Terrell Suggs .
But he 's got to be better than that in that situation .
You ca n't let that happen . "
Quinn is n't the first quarterback to have to pay up for a low hit .
Brett Favre of the Minnesota Vikings was fined $ 10,000 for throwing a crackback block in a preseason game against the Houston Texans .
ESPN NFL reporter Michael Smith and The Associated Press contributed to this report .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Simon's
Cat is one of the most watched videos on YouTube with hundreds of millions of hits .
Creator Simon Tofield spoke to BBC Breakfast about the inspiration behind his quirky cartoon cat .
Der Chaos Computer Club ( CCC ) hat eine digitale Agenda der Hackergemeinde umrissen .
" Der digitale Lebensraum wird die ganze Gesellschaft umfassen " , erklärte der frühere CCC - Sprecher Frank Rieger bei der Eröffnung des 26 .
Chaos Communication Congress ( 26C3 ) am heutigen Sonntag in Berlin .
Die Datenreisenden seien so nicht mehr allein im Cyberspace und " in der Realität angekommen " .
Immer mehr Netzbürgern sei im auslaufenden Jahr bewusst geworden , dass die Pläne der Politik für das Internet noch keineswegs ausgereift und in vielerlei Hinsicht nicht praktikabel seien , meinte der Sicherheitsexperte .
" Der Dreischlag aus Bundestrojaner , Vorratsdatenspeicherung und Zensur hat dazu geführt , dass viele Leute gesagt haben : Wir müssen etwas tun . "
Die Großdemo gegen den Überwachungswahn in Berlin im September mit über zehntausend Teilnehmern habe zugleich den Mitstreitern vor Augen geführt , dass sie keineswegs allein seien .
Die SciFi-affinen Hacker sieht Rieger in der Verantwortung , die Suchbewegungen in Gesellschaft und Politik zum Umgang mit dem Internet und neuen digitalen Technologien etwas zu fokussieren und zu steuern .
Es gebe ein wachsendes Bedürfnis zu hören , " was wirklich lost ist " .
Dabei dürften auch Warnungen vor " Ungeheuern " in Form von nicht beherrschbaren Techniken nicht fehlen , bezog sich Rieger auf das diesjährige Kongressmotto " Here be Dragons " .
Zugleich müsse auch im Zeitalter des Vertrauensverlusts in die westlichen Systeme durch die " Zocker - Banken " Verlockungen widerstanden werden , China als Leitbild zu sehen und den autoritären Staat als Weg zum wirtschaftlichen Erfolg zu preisen .
Konkret müssen die Hacker laut Rieger vor allem " auf dem Recht auf freie Kommunikation bestehen " .
Dieses komme im Internet , in dem jeder ein Sender sei , dem freien Informationsrecht gleich .
Es müsse daher jedem Datenreisenden frei stehen , " in jedem Protokoll unzensiert und verschlüsselt kommunizieren zu können " .
Dabei sei die Hoheit der Nutzer über ihre privaten Schlüssel auf jeden Fall zu wahren und Angriffe darauf etwa durch heimliche Online - Durchsuchungen abzuwehren .
Als zweite Grundbedingung für die digitale Gesellschaft umriss Rieger das Recht , unüberwacht zu sein und die Hoheit über die eigenen Daten zu behalten .
Neben dem informationellen Selbstbestimmungsrecht müssten die Nutzer daher auch das ihnen vom Bundesverfassungsgericht " geschenkte " Grundrecht auf " digitale Intimsphäre " stärker wahrnehmen und es in der Rechtsrealität durchsetzen .
Zugleich erinnerte der CCC - Veteran an einen der Grundsätze der Hackerethik , der heute aktueller den je sei : " Private Daten schützen , öffentliche Daten nutzen . "
Ganz in diesem Sinne dürften " Datenverbrechen " von Unternehmen oder Behörden nicht länger als Kavaliersdelikt hingenommen werden .
Geschäftsführer und andere Verantwortliche für Datenskandale müssten persönlich zur Haftung gezogen werden .
Geschäftsmodelle von Online - Firmen wie StudiVZ und anderen sozialen Netzwerken dürften angesichts verbesserter Techniken zum Data Mining nicht mehr hauptsächlich auf dem Sammeln und Auswerten personenbezogener Informationen beruhen .
Dabei erneuerte Rieger die alte CCC - Forderung nach einer verpflichtenden Mitteilung aller Bürger per " Datenbrief " über alle Vorgänge zur Verarbeitung der eigenen personenbezogener Informationen in Wirtschaft und Verwaltung .
Nicht zuletzt sei eine " Stiftung Datenschutz " nötig in Form einer unabhängigen , aus Steuergeldern finanzierten Institution .
Diese solle eine " Ampel " - Markierung oder einen " Score - Wert " für Firmen erstellen und " durchgreifen " können .
Gebraucht werde zudem ein Bundesamt für Sicherheit in der Informationstechnik ( BSI ) , das dem Innenministerium nicht mehr direkt unterstellt sei .
Nicht nehmen lassen dürfen sich die Hacker laut Rieger auch das Recht , " zu forschen und reinzugucken " .
Dabei angewendete Verfahren wie das " Reverse Engineering " von Informationstechnik sei häufig nur noch der einzige Weg zu verstehen , wie Dinge funktionierten .
Andererseits drohe eine " böse Rationalisierung des Umgangs mit Menschen " .
Staat und Unternehmen , monierte Rieger in diesem Zusammenhang , verwalten unser Leben in immer schlechterer Software " für " Customer Relationship Management " ( CRM ) .
Der menschliche Ermessensspielraum werde dabei verringert , der Nutzer in " automatisierter Kundenabwehr - Software " gefangen .
Ferner hält es Rieger für erforderlich , den Dialog der Hacker mit der Wissenschaft zu intensivieren .
Wissenschaftliche Grundprinzipien wie die der Nachvollziehbarkeit und von Peer - Review , die bereits für die Erstellung freier Software Modell stünden , sollten stärker praktiziert werden .
Das Aneignen von Halbwissen werde schließlich immer gefährlicher , wenn im Internet Fehler immer nur abgekupfert würden .
Weitere Stichpunkte auf der digitalen Agenda der Hacker sind Rieger zufolge etwa die Debatten über eine angemessene Vergütung von Kulturschaffenden und zur Zukunft der Wikipedia .
Bei der Vergütungsfrage liebäugelt der CCC mit einem Modell , in dem Nutzer geschützte Werke bewerten und der Staat im Anschluss Bücher , Filme oder Musik mit den höchsten Punktzahlen aufkauft und der Allgemeinheit zur Verfügung stellt .
Bei der Online - Enzyklopädie sei zu verhindern , dass diese es mit der " Datensparsamkeit " durch Löschorgien übertreibe .
Dezentrale Systeme wie Wikileaks und Anonymisierungsdienste würden als Infrastrukturen der Netzgesellschaft zugleich immer essenzieller .
Hacker , die " keinen Bock auf Politik " hätten , rief Rieger auf , hier zumindest an praktikableren Lösungen zu arbeiten und " wenigstens die Software besser zu machen " .
Die Dauerkarten für den bis Mittwoch dauernden Kongress sind den Veranstaltern vom CCC zufolge bereits ausverkauft .
Es gebe nur noch Tagestickets .
Zum ersten Mal können Vorträge und Workshops aber auf über 35 verteilten Mini-Konferenzen unter dem Aufhänger " Dragons everywhere " zwischen Vancouver und Moskau gemeinsam über das Internet verfolgt werden , solange die Internetverbindung hält und die Technik mitspielt .
Vor Ort und per Streaming sollen neue Angriffe etwa gegen die Basis der aktuell eingesetzten drahtlosen Telefonie von DECT über GSM und den darin verwendeten kryptographischen Verfahren präsentiert werden .
Auch die kontaktlose Technologie hinter dem momentan vorgestellten biometrischen E - Personalausweis konnte die Tüftler nicht überzeugen .
Ebenso hielten etwa die Kartenleser für das Online - Banking einer detaillierten Überprüfung kritischer Hackeraugen angeblich nicht stand .
Als " Schmankerl " wollen befreundete Datenreisende aus den USA weitere grundlegende Angriffe auf das Netzwerkprotokoll TCP / IP zeigen .
( pmz )
A nearly $ 3 million arbitration award won by a former KBR employee who said she was raped in Iraq was applauded by Houston attorneys who represented her and a Humble woman suing the military contractor for negligence .
Tracy K. Barker , wife of a U.S. Army sergeant and the mother of five , was awarded $ 2.93 million in private arbitration proceedings in Houston this week .
Barker , contacted Thursday at her home in North Carolina , declined to discuss the award .
“ As far as the award as it stands , we can live with it , “ said Michael Conway , an Ohio attorney representing Barker .
“ We 're upset because KBR thinks they can just appeal this and keep it going , when it 's supposed to be binding arbitration . ”
A spokeswoman for KBR confirmed the company has challenged the award .
“ KBR disagrees with the interim ruling and has filed a motion for modification of the arbitration award , " said a statement from Heather Browne , KBR Inc. 's director of communications .
“ However , the decision validates what KBR has maintained all along ; that the arbitration process is truly neutral and works in the best interest of the parties involved . ”
Browne added : “ It is important to note that at no time has there been a finding of rape as Ms. Barker claims . ”
Both womenhave been forced into private arbitration proceedings due to language in their KBR employment contracts instead of having juries decide their cases , lawyers in the case said .
Other issues go to court
“ Arbitration , generally speaking , favors employers , and , because it does , they sneak it into contracts ” said Houston attorney Todd Kelly , who represents ex-KBR employee Jaime Leigh Jones .
“ It 's only employers who move to compel arbitration , and they do that because they know their odds of winning are greater in front of an arbitrator . ”
Jones , of Conroe , contends she was gang - raped by KBR employees days after her arrival in Baghdad in July 2005 .
A federal appeals court in September ordered her claims of negligence and sexual assault against KBR be heard by an arbitrator , while assault , battery , false imprisonment and other issues will be decided in district court .
Kelly , who represented Barker at one point , said he was pleased by the size of her arbitration award but said a court jury would have ordered a “ much greater award . ”
Barker worked for KBR in Basra , Iraq , in 2005 , when a U.S. State Department employee , Ali Mokhtare , attacked her after calling her to his quarters to fix an air conditioner , according to her lawyer .
Barker also contends she was raped later by a KBR employee .
james.pinkerton@chron.com
When C Company reached the German trenches at around midday , they found them empty .
By the harsh standards of Passchendaele , the attack had gone reasonably well .
Patch and his comrades had emerged unscathed , but their luck would last only another month .
On the night of September 22 , the Lewis - gun team were making their way back into the reserve trenches , walking across open ground because there were no communication trenches in this area of the front line .
They were waiting in a huddle while No 1 was “ attending to the call of nature ” , when a shell exploded above them in a flash of light .
Patch was thrown to the ground , and lay there conscious but “ incapable of anything ” for a couple of minutes before realising that he had been hit in the groin by shrapnel .
He applied the field dressing that all soldiers carried with them and waited for the stretcher - bearers .
MANILA ( AP )
 The fourth major storm to whip the Philippines in about a month lashed the capital and nearby provinces on Saturday , leaving fresh floods and new misery before blowing out of the country .
At least seven people were killed and several were missing .
Typhoon Mirinae , with winds of 93 miles per hour and gusts of up to 115 , slammed into Quezon Province northeast of Manila around midnight Friday .
It quickly swept westward out to sea south of the capital and weakened into a tropical storm on Saturday afternoon .
The typhoon appeared to be heading next toward Vietnam .
Philippine authorities evacuated more than 115,000 people in nine provinces east and south of Manila on the main island , Luzon , the National Disaster Coordinating Council reported .
The songs in this index are listed alphabetically by last name .
For songs whose names begin with the word " The , " ignore the first word and alphabetize by the second word ( for example , " Day That the Rains Came Down , The . " )
Baby Dream Your Dream - Tony Bennett , 1991
Baby Face - Art Mooney Orchestra , 1948
Baby It 's Cold Outside - Margaret Whiting & Johnny Mercer , 1949
Baby , Oh Where Can You Be - Fats Waller , 1929
Back In Your Own Back Yard - Al Jolson , 1921
Ballerina - Vaughn Monroe , 1947
Bali Ha'i - Perry Como , 1949
Basin Street Blues - Louis Armstrong , 1928
Baubles , Bangles And Beads - Peggy Lee , 1952
Be A Child At Christmas Time - Doris Day , 1964
Be Careful It 's My Heart - Bing Crosby , 1942
Be My Life 's Companion - Rosemary Clooney , 1953
Beauty And the Beast - Celine Dion / Peabo Bryson , 1991
Because of You - Tony Bennett , 1951
Because You 're Mine - Nat King Cole , 1952
Beer Barrel Polka - The Andrews Sisters , 1949
Begin the Beguine - Frank Sinatra , 1943
Bei Mir Bist Du Schön - The Andrews Sisters , 1938
Bella Notte ( This Is The Night ) - George Givot ( as Tony ) , 1955
Besame Mucho - Julie London , 1963
Best Is Yet To Come , The - Frank Sinatra , 1960
Best Man , The - Nat King Cole , 1946
Best Things Happen While You 're Dancing , The - Danny Kaye , 1954
Best Things In Life Are Free , The - Dinah Shore , 1948
Between the Devil and the Deep Blue Sea - Tony Bennett , 1964
Bewitched , Bothered & Bewildered - Mel Tormé , 1944
Beyond The Blue Horizon - Jeanette MacDonald , 1944
Beyond the Reef - Andy Williams , 1959
Beyond the Sea - Bobby Darin , 1960
Bidin ' My Time - Judy Garland , 1943
Big Bad Bill ( Is Sweet William Now ) - Leon Redbone , 1978
Big Hurt , The - Toni Fisher , 1959
Bilbao Song , The - Andy Williams , 1961
Birth of the Blues , The - Frank Sinatra , 1952
Black Coffee - Julie London , 1960
Blame It On My Last Affair - Harry James , 1939
Blame It On My Youth - Nat King Cole , 1956
Blue Bayou - Roy Orbison , 1963
Blue Champagne - Tommy Dorsey , 1941
Blue Christmas - Elvis Presley , 1957
Blue December - Hugh Winterhalter , 1952
Blue Gardenia - Nat King Cole , 1961
Blue Moon - Billy Eckstine , 1948
Blue Skies - Willie Nelson , 1978
Blue Tango - LeRoy Anderson , 1952
Blue Turning Grey Over You - Maxine Sullivan , 1956
Blue Velvet - Bobby Vinton , 1963
Blues Is All I Ever Had , The - Julie London , 1957
Blues In the Night - Rosemary Clooney , 1952
Body And Soul - Ella Fitzgerald , 1953
Both Sides Now - Judy Collins , 1968
Born Free - Andy Williams , 1967
Born To Be Blue - Nancy Wilson , 1960
Born To Be With You - The Chordettes , 1956
Boulevard Of Broken Dreams - Tony Bennett , 1950
Boy Next Door , The - Judy Garland , 1944
Brazil - Rosemary Clooney , 1958
Break It to Me Gently - Brenda Lee , 1962
Breeze and I , The ( Andalucia ) - Caterina Valente , 1955
Breezin ' Along With the Breeze - The Three Suns , 1959
Brian's Song - Michel Legrand , 1972
Bridge Over Troubled Water - Simon & Garfunkel , 1970
Broken - Hearted Me - Anne Murray , 1979
Broken - Hearted Melody - Sarah Vaughn , 1959
Brother Can You Spare A Dime ? - Bing Crosby , 1932
Buono Sera - Dean Martin , 1958
But Beautiful - Tony Bennett , 1975
But Not For Me - Judy Garland , 1943
By Myself - Helen Merrill , 1956
By the Light of the Silvery Moon - Doris Day , 1953
Bye Bye Baby - Marilyn Monroe & Tommy Noonan , 1953
Bye Bye Blackbird - Eddie Cantor , 1953
Bye Bye Blues - Bert Kaempfert , 1956
C'est La Vie - Sarah Vaughan , 1958
C'est Si Bon - Louis Armstrong , 1949
C'est Magnifique - Peggy Lee , 1960
Cab Driver - The Mills Brothers , 1968
Cabaret - Liza Minelli , 1972
California Here I Come - Al Jolson , 1946
Call Me - Chris Montez , 1966
Call Me Irresponsible - Frank Sinatra , 1963
Canadian Sunset - Hugo Winterhalter , 1956
Ca n't Get Used to Losing You - Andy Williams , 1963
Can't Help Lovin ' That Man - Billie Holiday , 1937
Ca n't We Be Friends ?
- Frank Sinatra , 1954
Candy - Frank Sinatra , 1943
Careless - Frank Sinatra , 1940
Careless Hands - Mel Torme , 1949
Carolina In The Morning - Al Jolson , 1947
Carolina Moon - Perry Como , 1947
Cast Your Fate To The Wind - Vince Guaraldi Trio , 1962
Catch A Falling Star - Perry Como , 1958
Chances Are - Johnny Mathis , 1957
Chanson D'Amour ( Song of Love ) - The Three Suns , 1961
Change Partners - Frank Sinatra , 1967
Changing Partners - Patti Page , 1953
Charade - Henry Mancini , 1963
Charmaine - Harry James , 1944
Chattanooga Choo Choo - Glenn Miller , 1941
Cheek To Cheek - Fred Astaire , 1935
Cherish - The Association , 1966
Cherokee - Glenn Miller , 1944
Cherry Pink and Apple Blossom White - Alan Dale , 1955
Chicago - Frank Sinatra , 1957
Chinatown My Chinatown - Tommy Dorsey , 1935
Christmas Blues - Dean Martin , 1953
Christmas Dreaming - Frank Sinatra , 1947
Christmas Eve In My Home Town - Kate Smith , 1966
Christmas Is - Percy Faith , 1966
Christmas Mem'ries - Rosemary Clooney , 1996
Christmas on Christmas Island - Leon Redbone , 1987
Christmas Song , The - Nat " King " Cole , 1946
Christmas Waltz , The - The Carpenters , 1978
Christmastime Is Here - Vince Guaraldi , 1965
Close to You - The Carpenters , 1973
Close to You - Frank Sinatra , 1957
Close Your Eyes - Doris Day , 1959
Cocktails For Two - Spike Jones , 1944
Come
In from the Rain - Melissa Manchester , 1975
Come Fly With Me - Frank Sinatra , 1957
Come Rain Or Come Shine - Frank Sinatra , 1961
Come Saturday Morning - The Sandpipers , 1969
Comes Love - Artie Shaw , 1938 , Helen Forrest vocal
Cool Yule - Louis Armstrong , 1952
Coquette - Billy Eckstine , 1953
Count Your Blessings - Bing Crosby , 1954
Crazy - Patsy Cline , 1961
Crazy ' Bout My Baby - Louis Armstrong , 1955
Crazy He Calls Me- Billie Holiday , 1949
Crazy Rhythm - Doris Day , 1950
Cross Over The Bridge - Patti Page , 1954
Cruising Down The River - Russ Morgan , 1949
Cry - Johnnie Ray , 1952
Cry Me A River - Julie London , 1955
Crying - Roy Orbison , 1961
Crying In The Rain - The Everly Brothers , 1962
Cuddle Up A Little Closer - Julie London , 1955
Curtain Falls ,
The - Bobby Darin , 1963
Cycles - Frank Sinatra , 1968
Daddy - Sammy Kaye , 1941
Daddy's Little Girl - The Mills Brothers , 1950
Dancing In The Dark - Frank Sinatra , 1958
Dancing On The Ceiling - Frank Sinatra , 1954
Dancing With Tears In My Eyes - Ruth Etting , 1930
Danger ! Heartbreak Ahead - Jaye P. Morgan , 1955
Danke Schoen - Wayne Newton , 1963
Darktown Strutters Ball - Benny Goodman , 1945
Darling Je Vous Aime Beaucoup - Nat King Cole , 1955
Darn That Dream - Benny Goodman , 1940
Day By Day - Jo Stafford , 1953
Day That the Rains Came Down , The - Jane Morgan , 1958
Daybreak - Frank Sinatra , 1961
Daydream - The Lovin ' Spoonful , 1966
Days of Wine and Roses - Andy Williams , 1963
Dear Heart - Andy Williams , 1964
Dear Hearts And Gentle People - Dinah Shore , 1949
Dearie - Jo Stafford & Gordon MacRae , 1950
Dedicated to You - Ella Fitzgerald , 1937 , with The Mills Brothers
' Deed I Do - Perry Como , 1957
Deep In A Dream - Artie Shaw , 1938 , Helen Forrest Vocal
Deep Purple - Nino Tempo & April Stevens , 1963
Déjà Vu - Dionne Warwick , 1979
Della and the Dealer - Hoyt Axton , 1979
Delta Dawn - Helen Reddy , 1973
Desafinado - Julie London , 1963
Destination Moon - The Ames Brothers , 1956
Devil May Care - Glenn Miller , 1940 , Ray Eberle Vocal
Diamonds Are A Girl 's Best Friend - Marilyn Monroe , 1953
Diane - Bachelors ,
The , 1964
Did You Ever See A Dream Walking ?
- Bing Crosby , 1933
Did n't We - Richard Harris , 1967
Dinah - Bing Crosby & The Mills Brothers , 1931
Do I Worry - The Ink Spots , 1941
Do Nothin ' Til You Hear From Me - Ella Fitzgerald , 1956
Do You Know What It Means to Miss New Orleans - Fats Domino , 1993
Do You Remember Me? - Perry Como , 1987
Does Your Heart Beat for Me? - Russ Morgan , 1937
Does n't Anybody Love Me - McGuire Sisters , 1955
Dollar For A Dime - Joe Williams , 1987
Dolores - Tommy Dorsey , 1941
Do n't Be That Way - The Andrews Sisters , 1953
Do n't Blame Me - Sarah Vaughn , 1947
Do n't Cry , Joe - Frank Sinatra , 1949
Do n't Fence Me In - Bing Crosby with The Andrews Sisters , 1944
Do n't Get Around Much Anymore - Mel Torme , 1945
Do n't Go To Strangers - Vaughn Monroe , 1956
Do n't Take Your Love From Me - The Four Aces , 1969
Do n't Wait Too Long - Frank Sinatra , 1965
Do n't Worry ' Bout Me - Artie Shaw , Helen Forrest vocal , 1938
Do n't You Know - Della Reese , 1959
Door Is Still Open , The - Dean Martin , 1964
Down Yonder - Red Foley , 1962
Dream - The Pied Pipers , 1945
Dream a Little Dream of Me - Mama Cass Elliott , 1968
Dream Along With Me - Perry Como , 1956
Dream Lover - Bobby Darin , 1959
Dream On Little Dreamer Dream On - Perry Como , 1961
Dreamin ' - Johnny Burnette , 1960
Dreamsville - Lola Albright , 1959
Early Autumn - Jo Stafford , 1952
East Of The Sun - Tommy Dorsey , 1940
Easy Come , Easy Go - Anita O'Day , 1959
Easy Come , Easy Go - Bobby Sherman , 1970
Easy Living - Bobby Darin , 1964
Easy Street - Julie London , 1955
Easy To Love - Ray Noble , 1935
Ebb Tide - Frank Chacksfield , 1953
Eighteen Yellow Roses - Bobby Darin , 1963
Elmer 's Tune - Glenn Miller , 1939
Embraceable You - Frank Sinatra , 1944
Emily - Andy Williams , 1966
Emotions - Brenda Lee , 1960
Enchanted - The Platters , 1959
Enchanted Island - The Four Lads , 1958
End Of A Love Affair , The - Julie London , 1963
Endless Sleep - Jody Reynolds , 1958
Enjoy Yourself ( It's Later Than You Think ) - Guy Lombardo , 1950
Eres Tu - Mocedades , 1973
Eternally - Sarah Vaughan , 1957
Ev'ry Day Of My Life - The McGuire Sisters , 1956
Ev'ry Time We Say Goodbye - Benny Goodman , 1945
Everybody Loves A Lover - Doris Day , 1958
Everybody Loves My Baby - Doris Day , 1952
Everybody Loves Somebody Sometime - Dean Martin , 1964
Everything Happens to Me - Frank Sinatra , 1940
Everything I Have Is Yours - Billy Eckstine , 1948
Everything Old Is New Again - Peter Allen , 1974
Exactly Like You - Ruth Etting , 1930
Exodus - Ferrante & Teischer , 1960
Experience Unnecessary - Sarah Vaughan , 1955
Faithful Forever - Glenn Miller , 1940
Falling In Love Again - Linda Ronstadt , 1984
Falling In Love With Love - Frances Langford , 1939
Far Away Places - Margaret Whiting , 1949
Fascinating Rhythm - Susannah McCorkle , 1979
Fascination - Jane Morgan , 1957
Feel Like Makin ' Love - Roberta Flack , 1974
Firefly - Tony Bennett , 1960
Five Foot Two - Dorsey Brothers Orchestra , 1953
Five Minutes More - Frankie Carle , 1946
Flamingo - Duke Ellington , 1940 , Herb Jeffries vocal
Fly Me to the Moon - Tony Bennett , 1965
Folks Who Live On the Hill , The - Peggy Lee , 1957
Fool Number One - Brenda Lee , 1961
Fooling Myself - Billie Holiday , 1937
Fools Fall In Love - The Drifters , 1957
Fools Rush In - Brook Benton , 1963
For All We Know - Nat King Cole , 1943
For All We Know - The Carpenters , 1971
For Me And My Gal - Judy Garland & Gene Kelly , 1942
For Once In My Life - Tony Bennett , 1967
For Sentimental Reasons - Nat King Cole , 1946
For The First Time - The Platters , 1959
For You - Glen Gray , 1930
For You , For Me , For Evermore - Judy Garland & Dick Haymes , 1947
Forever - The Little Dippers , 1960
Forget Domani - Frank Sinatra 1965
Four Walls - Jim Reeves , 1957
Frenesi - Julie London , 1963
Friendly Persuasaion - Pat Boone , 1956
Friendship - Judy Garland & Johnny Mercer , 1940
Frim Fram Sauce - Nat King Cole , 1945
From Here to Eternity - Frank Sinatra , 1957
From This Moment On - Frank Sinatra , 1957
Full Moon And Empty Arms - Frank Sinatra , 1946
Gal In Calico - Johnny Mercer , 1947
Gang That Sang Heart Of My Heart , The - Don Cornell , 1953
Garden In The Rain - Frank Sinatra , 1960
Garden Of Eden - Joe Valino , 1956
Gee Baby Ain't I Good to You - Peggy Lee , 1953
Gentle Rain , The - Astrud Gilberto , 1964
Get Happy - Judy Garland , 1950
Getting Some Fun Out of Life - Billie Holiday , 1937
Georgia On My Mind - Ray Charles , 1960
Ghost Riders In The Sky - Vaughn Monroe , 1949
Gigi - Vic Damone , 1958
Gimme A Little Kiss - Dean Martin , 1964
Gina - Johnny Mathis , 1962
Girl From Ipanema , The - Stan Getz , 1964
Girl Talk - Tony Bennett , 1966
Girl That I Marry , The - Robert Goulet , 1963
Give Me The Simple Life - Julie London , 1959
Gloomy Sunday - Billie Holiday , 1941
Gloria - The Mills Brothers , 1949
Glory of Love , The - Benny Goodman , 1938
Glow Worm - The Mills Brothers , 1952
Go Away Little Girl - Steve Lawrence , 1963
God Bless America - Kate Smith , 1938
God Bless The Child - Billie Holiday , 1941
Golden Earrings - Peggy Lee , 1948
Gone Fishin ' - Bing Crosby & Louis Armstrong , 1951
Gone With the Draft - Nat King Cole , 1940
Gone With The Wind - Mel Torme , 1956
Gonna Get Along Without Ya Now - Patience & Prudence , 1956
Goodbye Little Dream Goodbye - Susannah McCorkle , 1995
Goodbye To Love - The Carpenters , 1972
Good Life , The - Tony Bennett , 1963
Good Morning Heartache - Billie Holiday , 1944
Good Night , My Love - Benny Goodman , 1937
Good Night My Love - The McGuire Sisters , 1957
Goodnight , Sweetheart , Goodnight - The McGuire Sisters , 1954
Goody Goody - Julie London , 1958
Goofus - The Carpenters , 1976
Got A Date With An Angel - Al Bowlly , 1934
Gotta Be This Or That - Benny Goodman , 1945
Graduation Day - The Four Freshmen , 1956
Granada - Frankie Laine , 1954
Great Pretender , The - The Platters , 1955
Green Dolphin Street - Ella Fitzgerald , 1986 , with Joe Pass
Green Door - Jim Lowe , 1956
Green Eyes - Jimmy Dorsey Orchestra , 1941
Green Leaves of Summer , The - The Brothers Four , 1960
Greenfields - The Brothers Four , 1960
Guantanamera - The Sandpipers , 1966
Guess I 'll Hang My Tears Out to Dry - Frank Sinatra , 1958
Guilty - Margaret Whiting , 1947
The Gypsy - Ink Spots , 1946
Gypsy Rover , The - The Highwaymen , 1961
Half As Much - Rosemary Clooney , 1951
Half - way Down The Street - Tommy Dorsey , 1940 , Frank Sinatra vocal
Hallelujah , I Love Her So - Ray Charles , 1959
Handful of Stars , A - Glenn Miller , 1938
Happy Days And Lonely Nights - Fontane Sisters , The , 1954
Happy Days Are Here Again - Barbra Streisand , 1963
Happy Heart - Andy Williams , 1969
Happy Holiday / The Holiday Season Medley - Andy Williams , 1963
Happy Trails to You - Roy Rogers & Dale Evants , 1951
Happy Wanderer , The - Frank Weir , 1954
Harbor Lights - The Platters , 1960
Hard Times ( No One Knows Better Than I ) - Ray Charles , 1961
Hard to Get - Giselle McKenzie , 1955
Hard - Hearted Hannah - Ella Fitzgerald , 1955
Harlem Nocturne - Mel Torme , 1963
Haunted Heart - Susannah McCorkle , 2000
Have A Good Time - Tony Bennett , 1952
Have You Ever Been Lonely ? - Ted Lewis , 1933
Have You Looked Into Your Heart - Jerry Vale , 1964
Have You Met Miss Jones - Mel Torme , 1954
Have Yourself A Merry Little Christmas - Judy Garland , 1944
Hawaiian Wedding Song - Andy Williams , 1959
He - The McGuire Sisters , 1955
He Loves And She Loves - Fred Astaire , 1957
Heart - Eddie Fisher , 1955
Heart And Soul - Larry Clinton , 1939
Heartaches - Ted Weems Orchestra , 1947
Heartaches By the Number - Guy Mitchell , 1959
Heat Wave - Ethel Waters , 1933
Hello Muddah , Hello Fadduh - Allan Sherman , 1963
Hello , Young Lovers - Rosemary Clooney , 1951
Here In My Heart - Al Martino , 1952
Here 's That Rainy Day - Ella Fitzgerald , 1949
Here 's To Life - Shirley Horne , 1991
Here 's to the Losers - Frank Sinatra , 1961
Hernando's Hideaway - Archie Bleyer , 1954
Hey Good Lookin ' - Hank Williams , 1951
Hey !
Jealous Lover - Frank Sinatra , 1958
Hey There - Rosemary Clooney , 1954
High And The Mighty , The - Les Baxter , 1954
High Hopes - Frank Sinatra , 1961
High Noon - Frankie Laine , 1952
Hi-Lili , Hi-Lo - Leslie Caron , 1953
Holly Jolly Christmas - Burl Ives , 1965
Home - Vic Damone , 1961
Home For The Holidays - Rosemary Clooney , 1954
Homesick That 's All - Frank Sinatra , 1945
Honeysuckle Rose - Fats Waller , 1929
House I Live In , The - Frank Sinatra , 1945
House Is Haunted , The - Mel Torme , 1958
House Of Bamboo - Earl Grant , 1960
How About You ?
- Tommy Dorsey , 1942
How Could You Believe Me - Fred Astaire , 1933
How Deep Is The Ocean - Julie London , 1956
How Does It Feel - Nat King Cole , 1945
How High the Moon - Les Paul & Mary Ford , 1951
How Important Can It Be - Joni James , 1955
How Insensitive - Frank Sinatra , 1967
How Little It Matters , How Little We Know - Frank Sinatra , 1956
How Little We Know - Susannah McCorkle , 1977
How Long Has This Been Going On ? - Rosemary Clooney , 1987
How Much Is That Doggie In The Window - Patti Page , 1952
How Soon - Henry Mancini , 1964
How Soon ( Will I Be Seeing You ) - Bing Crosby , 1947
Hummin ' to Myself - Connie Boswell , 1932
Humpty Dumpty Heart - Glenn Miller , 1942
I Ain't Got Nobody - Bobby Darin , 1963
I Apologize - Billy Eckstine , 1951
I Believe - The Bachelors , 1953
I Believe In You - Bobby Darin , 1961
I Call Your Name - Mama Cass Elliott , 1966
I Can Dream , Can't I ? - The Andrews Sisters , 1949
I Can't Begin To Tell You - Bing Crosby , 1945
I Can't Believe I 'm Losing You - Frank Sinatra , 1963
I Can't Believe That You 're In Love With Me - Billie Holiday , 1933
I Can't Get Started - Ella Fitzgerald , 1979
I Can't Give You Anything But Love - The Mills Brothers , 1933
I Can't Help It ( If I 'm Still In Love With You ) - Johnny Tillotson , 1962
I Can't Stop Loving You - Ray Charles , 1962
I Concentrate On You - Frank Sinatra , 1961
I Could Have Danced All Night - Frank Sinatra , 1958
I Could Have Told You So - Frank Sinatra , 1955
I Could Write A Book - Tony Bennett , 1973
I Could n't Sleep A Wink Last Night - Frank Sinatra , 1942
I Cover The Waterfront - Mel Torme , 1948
I Cried For You - Harry James , 1955
I Didn't Know About You - Ella Fitzgerald , 1942
I Didn't Know What Time It Was - Frank Sinatra , 1957
I Didn't Mean to Love You - Helen Reddy , 1972
I Don't Know Enough About You - Peggy Lee , 1946
I Don't Know Why , But I Do - Erroll Garner , 1950
I Don't Stand A Ghost Of A Chance With You - Frank Sinatra , 1946
I Do n't Want to Set the World On Fire - The Ink Spots , 1941
I Don't Want to Walk Without You - Harry James , 1938
I Double Dare You - Russ Morgan , 1938
I Fall In Love Too Easily - Frank Sinatra , 1946
I Fall to Pieces - Patsy Cline , 1961
I Get A Kick Out Of You - Frank Sinatra , 1962
I Get Along Without You Very Well - Rosemary Clooney , 1960
I Get Ideas - Tony Martin , 1951
I Got Rhythm - Red Nichols , 1940
I Got The Sun In The Morning - Doris Day , 1949
I Guess I 'll Get the Papers ( And Go Home ) - The Mills Brothers , 1946
I Guess I'll Have to Change My Plan - Frank Sinatra , 1957
I Guess I 'll Have to Dream the Rest - Glenn Miller , 1941
I Had The Craziest Dream - Harry James , 1943
I Have Dreamed - Frank Sinatra , 1963
I Have But One Heart - Al Martino , 1972
I Have n't Got Anything Better to Do - Astrud Gilberto , 1969
I Hear A Rhapsody - Jimmy Dorsey , 1941
I Just Fall In Love Again - Anne Murray , 1979
I Know Now - Guy Lombardo , 1937
I Know Why ( And So Do You ) - Glenn Miller , 1942
I Left My Heart In San Francisco - Tony Bennett , 1962
I Love Being Here With You - Peggy Lee , 1961
I Love Paris - Frank Sinatra , 1957
I Love You Because - Al Martino , 1963
I May Be Wrong - Mills Brothers , 1967
I Miss You So - Julie London , 1966
I Only Have Eyes For You - The Flamingos , 1959
I Ran All The Way Home - The Mills Brothers , 1951
I Remember You - Frank Ifield , 1962
I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus - Jimmy Boyd , 1952
I See Your Face Before Me - Andy Williams , 1962
I Should Care - Paul Weston Orchestra , 1945
I Thought About You - Frank Sinatra , 1956
I Told You I Love You Now Get Out - Anita Baker , 1947
I Used to Love You - Nat Cole Trio , 1949
I Wanna Be Around - Tony Bennett , 1962
I Wanna Be Loved - Dinah Washington , 1950
I Want to Talk About You - Billy Eckstine , 1944
I Want to Be Wanted - Brenda Lee , 1960
I Was Telling Him About You - Nancy Wilson , 1973
I Will Wait For You - Frank Sinatra , 1966
I Wish I Didn't Love You So - Betty Hutton , 1947
I Wish I Knew - Della Reese , 1960
I Wish I Knew How It Would Feel to be Free - Nina Simone , 1967
I Wish I Was Eighteen Again - George Burns , 1980
I Wish I Were In Love Again - Frank Sinatra , 1957
I Wish You Love - Frank Sinatra , 1963
I Wonder Who 's Kissing Her Now - Perry Como , 1939
I Wo n't Cry Anymore - Tony Bennett , 1951
I Wo n't Dance - Frank Sinatra , 1957
I 'd Cry Like A Baby - Dean Martin , 1954
I 'd Like You For Christmas - Julie London , 1957
I 'd Rather Be Blue - Barbra Streisand , 1968
I'll Be Around - The Mills Brothers , 1958
I'll Be Home For Christmas - Bing Crosby , 1943
I'll Be Seeing You - Frank Sinatra , 1961
I 'll Buy That Dream - Harry James , 1946
I 'll Get By - Kay Starr , 1944
I 'll Have to Say I Love You In A Song - Jim Croce , 1974
I 'll Hold You In My Heart - Eddie Fisher , 1957
I 'll Never Be The Same - Sarah Vaughan , 1957
I 'll Never Fall In Love Again - Dionne Warwick , 1970
I 'll Never Love This Way Again - Dionne Warwick , 1979
I 'll Never Say " Never Again " Again - Dinah Shore , 1957
I 'll Never Smile Again - Frank Sinatra , 1940
I 'll Never Stop Loving You - Doris Day , 1955
I'll Only Miss Her When I Think of Her - Frank Sinatra , 1965
I 'll Remember April - Julie London , 1956
I 'll Remember You - Andy Williams , 1966
I 'll See You In My Dreams - Pat Boone , 1962
I 'll String Along With You - Dick Powell & Ginger Rogers , 1934
I'll Take Care Of Your Cares - Frankie Laine , 1967
I'll Take Romance - Susannah McCorkle , 1992
I 'll Walk Alone - Dinah Shore , 1944
I 'm A Fool To Want You - Billie Holiday , 1958
I 'm An Old Cowhand - Bing Crosby , 1936
I 'm Afraid to Love You - The Mills Brothers , 1974
I 'm Always Chasing Rainbows - Harry James , 1938
I 'm Beginning to See The Light - Harry James , 1945
I'm Confessin ' - Guy Lombardo , 1930
I 'm Forever Blowing Bubbles - Artie Shaw , 1950
I 'm Getting Sentimental Over You - Tommy Dorsey , 1935
I 'm Glad I 'm Not Young Anymore - Maurice Chevalier , 1958
I 'm Glad There Is You - Julie London , 1955
I 'm Gonna Live Til I Die - Frank Sinatra , 1959
I 'm Gonna Sit Right Down And Write Myself a Letter - Billy Williams , 1957
I 'm In the Mood for Love - Frances Langford , 1936
I 'm Looking Over a Four Leaf Clover - Art Mooney , 1948
I 'm Making Believe - Ella Fitzgerald with The Ink Spots , 1944
I 'm Nobody 's Baby - Judy Garland , 1940
I 'm Old Fashoned - Fred Astaire & Nan Wynn , 1942
I'm Sittin ' On Top of the World - Les Paul & Mary Ford , 1953
I 'm So Lonesome I Could Cry - Hank Williams , 1949
I 'm Sorry - Brenda Lee , 1960
I 'm Still Not Through Missing You - Andy Russell , 1967
I 'm Through With Love - Marilyn Monroe , 1959
I 've Got a Crush On You - Ella Fitzgerald , 1956
I 've Got a Feelin ' You 're Foolin ' - Doris Day , 1952
I 've Got A Gal In Kalamazoo - Glenn Miller , 1942
I 've Got It Bad ( And That Ain't Good ) - Ella Fitzgerald , 1941
I 've Got My Love to Keep Me Warm - Ella Fitzgerald , 1956
I 've Got The Sun In The Morning - Les Brown , 1946 , Doris Day Vocal
I 've Got The World On A String - Frank Sinatra , 1953
I 've Got You Under My Skin - Frank Sinatra , 1956
I 've Gotta Be Me - Sammy Davis , Jr. , 1968
I 've Gotta Right To Sing The Blues - Lena Horne , 1941
I 've Grown Accustomed to Her Face - Dean Martin , 1960
I 've Heard That Song Before - Harry James , 1939
I 've Never Been In Love Before - Frank Sinatra , 1960
I 've Told Every Little Star - Linda Scott , 1961
If - David Gates & Bread , 1971
If Dreams Come True - Peggy Lee , 1959
If Ever I Would Leave You - Robert Goulet , 1960
If I Could Be With You - The Mills Brothers , 1964
If I Didn't Care - The Platters , 1961
If I Give My Heart To You - Doris Day , 1954
If I Had My Life to Live Over - Dinning Sisters , 1947
If I Had My Way - The Mills Brothers , 1931
If I Had You - Frank Sinatra , 1962
If I Knew Then ( What I Know Now ) - Sarah Vaughan , 1954
If I Love Again - Tony Bennett , 1963
If I Loved You - Perry Como , 1945
If I May - Nat King Cole & The Four Knights , 1955
If I Only Had A Brain - Ray Bolger , 1939
If I Ruled the World - Tony Bennett , 1963
If I Should Lose You - Frank Sinatra , 1984
If I Were a Carpenter - Bobby Darin , 1966
If Yesterday Could Only Be Tomorrow - Nat King Cole , 1944
If You Are But A Dream - Frank Sinatra , 1944
If You Knew Susie - Eddie Cantor , 1925
If You Go Away - Frank Sinatra , 1969
If You Love Me ( Really Love Me ) - Kay Starr , 1954
If You Please - Bing Crosby , 1943
If You Were The Only Girl - Perry Como , 1946
Ill Wind - Sarah Vaughan , 1945
Imagination - Glenn Miller , 1940
Impossible - Nat King Cole , 1958
Impossible Dream - Jack Jones , 1966
In a Mellow Tone - The Mills Brothers , 1955
In A Sentimental Mood - Ella Fitzgerald , 1935
In A Shanty In Old Shanty Town - Somethin ' Smith , 1956
In Dreams - Roy Orbison , 1963
In My Little Corner Of The World - Anita Bryant , 1960
In the Arms of Love - Andy Williams , 1973
In the Blue of Evening - Tommy Dorsey Orchestra , Frank Sinatra Vocal , 1943
In The Chapel In The Moonlinght - Kitty Kallen , 1954
In the Cool , Cool , Cool of the Evening - Bing Crosby & Jane Wyman , 1951
In The Dark - Nina Simone , 1966
In The Middle of an Island - Tony Bennett , 1957
In the Misty Moonlight - Jerry Wallace , 1964
In The Mood - Glenn Miller , 1940
In the Shade of the Old Apple Tree - The Mills Brothers & Louis Armstrong , 1937
In The Still of The Night - Julie London , 1965
In The Wee Small Hours of the Morning - Frank Sinatra , 1954
Indian Summer - Tommy Dorsey , 1940
Indiana - Louis Armstrong , 1954
Innamorata - Dean Martiv , 1956
Into Each Life Some Rain Must Fall - Ink Spots with Ella Fitzgerald , 1944
Invisible Tears - Ray Conniff Singers , 1964
Invitation To The Blues - Julie London , 1957
Is It True What They Say About Dixie - The Mills Brothers & Al Jolson , 1948
Is You Is Or Is You Ain't My Baby - Louis Jordan , 1944
Isle Of Capri - Frank Sinatra , 1958
Is n't This A Lovely Day - Fred Astaire , 1935
Is n't It A Pity - Mel Torme & Cleo Laine , 1979
Is n't It Romantic - Mel Torme , 1955
It Ain't Necessarily So - Paul Robeson , 1938
It All Depends On You - Dinah Shore , 1949
It Can't Be Wrong - Dick Haymes , 1943
It Could Happen To You - Jo Stafford , 1944
It Don't Mean A Thing - Ella Fitzgerald , 1966
It Had Better Be Tonight - Henry Mancini , 1963
It Had to Be You - Frank Sinatra , 1949
It Happened In Monterey - Frank Sinatra , 1955
It Happens To Be Me - Nat King Cole , 1954
It May Sound Silly - The McGuire Sisters , 1955
It Might As Well Be Spring - Frank Sinatra , 1964
It Must Have Been The Mistletoee - Barbra Streisand , 2001
It Is n't Fair - Don Cornell , 1950
It Never Entered My Mind - Linda Ronstadt , 1984
It Only Happens When I Dance With You - Frank Sinatra , 1948
It Only Hurts For a Little While - The Ames Brothers , 1956
It Started All Over Again - Frank Sinatra , 1942 , with Tommy Dorsey & The Pied Pipers
It Was A Very Good Year - Frank Sinatra , 1965
It 's A Breeze - Matt Monro , 1965
It 's A Blue World - The Four Freshmen , 1953
It 's A Good Day - Peggy Lee , 1947
It 's A Lonesome Old Town - Frank Sinatra , 1958
It 's A Lovely Day Today - Doris Day , 1950
It 's A Most Unusual Day - June Christy , 1957
It 's A Sin to Tell A Lie - The Ink Spots , 1956
It 's All in the Game - Tommy Edwards , 1958
It 's All Right With Me - Peggy Lee , 1952
It 's Almost Tomorrow - The Dream Weavers , 1955
It 's Always You - Frank Sinatra , 1940
It 's Been A Long , Long Time - Harry James , 1945
It 's Beginning to Look a Lot Like Christmas - Perry Como & The Andrews Sisters , 1952
It 's Christmas Time Again - Peggy Lee , 1953
It 's Dark On Observatory Hill - Ray Conniff , 1960
It 's De-Lovely - Sarah Vaughan , 1953
It 's Easy To Remember - Perry Como , 1957
It 's Funny To Everyone But Me - Frank Sinatra , 1939
It 's Getting Better - Mama Cass Elliott , 1969
It 's Impossible - Perry Como , 1970
It 's Just A Matter Of Time - Brook Benton , 1959
It 's Magic - Doris Day , 1948
It 's Not For Me to Say - Johnny Mathis , 1957
It 's Now Or Never - Elvis Presley , 1960
It 's Only A Paper Moon - Ella Fitzgerald , 1938
It 's Over - Jimmy Rodgers , 1966
It 's So Easy To Forget - Four Lads , 1957
It 's The Mood That I'm In - Billie Holiday , 1936
It 's The Most Wonderful Time Of The Year - Johnny Mathis , 1963
It 's The Same Old Dream - Frank Sinatra , 1958
It 's The Talk Of The Town - Glen Gray , 1937
It 's Too Soon to Know - Pat Boone , 1958
It 's You Or No One - Bobby Darin , 1963
Jamaica Farewell - Harry Belefonte , 1956
Jambalaya - Fats Domino , 1961
Java Jive - The Ink Spots , 1948
Jeepers Creepers - Tony Bennett , 1958
Jezebel - Frankie Laine , 1951
Jingle Bell Rock - Bobby Helms , 1957
Joanne - Michael Nesmith & 1st National Band , 1970
June In January - Dean Martin , 1959
Just A Gigolo - Louis Armstrong , 1930
Just Because - Brenda Lee , 1959
Just Bummin ' Around - Perry Como , 1953
Just For A Thrill - Ray Charles , 1962
Just For Old Times ' Sake - McGuire Sisters , 1961
Just Friends - Bobby Darin , 1961
Just In Time - Tony Bennett , 1956
Just One More Chance - Les Paul & Mary Ford , 1951
Just One Of Those Things - Ella Fitzgerald , 1956
Just the Two Of Us - Grover Washington , 1981
Just Walking In The Rain - Johnny Ray , 1956
Kaw - Liga - Hank Williams , 1952
Keep It A Secret - Jo Stafford , 1953
Key Largo - Bertie Higgins , 1982
Kisses Sweeter Than Wine - Jimmie Rodgers , 1957
L-O-V-E - Nat " King " Cole , 1964
La Vie En Rose - Louis Armstrong , 1962
Lady - Jack Jones , 1963
Lady Is A Tramp , The - Frank Sinatra , 1957
Lady Day - Frank Sinatra , 1960
Lady of Spain - Eddie Fisher , 1952
Lady's In Love With You , The - Glenn Miller , 1939
Lamplighter 's Serenade , The - Glenn Miller , 1940
Last Dance , The - Frank Sinatra , 1958
Last Farewell , The - Roger Whitaker , 1975
Last Night When We Were Young - Carmen MacRae , 1955
Last Time I Saw Paris , The - Tony Martin , 1941
Laughing On The Outside - Dinah Shore , 1946
Laughter In The Rain - Neil Sedaka , 1974
Laura - Woody Herman Orchestra , 1945
Lavender Blue - Burl Ives , 1949
Lazy Afternoon - June Christy , 1957
Lazy Bones - Leon Redbone , 1976
Lazy Summer Night - The Four Preps , 1958
Learnin ' the Blues - Frank Sinatra , 1955
Let A Smile Be Your Umbrella - Perry Como , 1959
Let Me Call You Sweetheart - Bing Crosby , 1934
Let Me Love You Tonight - Dean Martin , 1962
Let It Snow ! - Bing Crosby , 1952
Let The Rest of The World Go By - Dick Haymes , 1944
Let There Be Love - Nat King Cole , 1961
Let 's Call The Whole Thing Off - Fred Astaire , 1937
Let 's Do It - Ella Fitzgerald , 1956
Let 's Face The Music And Dance - Nat King Cole , 1961
Let 's Fall In Love - Nat " King " Cole , 1943
Let 's Get Away From It All - Tommy Dorsey , 1940
Let 's Get Lost - Vaughn Monroe , 1943
Let 's Misbehave - Eileen Rogers & Kenneth Mars , 1962
Let 's Pretend There 's A Moon - Russ Columbo , 1926
Let 's Sit This One Out - Vic Damone , 1963
Let 's Take the Long Way Home - Rosemary Clooney , 1983
Let 's Think About Livin ' - Bob Luman , 1960
Life Is Just A Bowl Of Cherries - Jaye P. Morgan , 1954
Like Someone In Love - Frank Sinatra , 1955
Lili Marlene - Marlene Dietrich , 1945
Linda - Buddy Clark , 1947
Little Girl Blue - Joanie Sommers , 1962
Little Things Mean A Lot - Kitty Kallen 1954
Little White Lies - Dick Haymes , 1948
Lollipops And Roses - Jack Jones , 1962
Long Ago And Far Away - Glenn Miller , 1944
Long , Long Time - Linda Ronstadt , 1970
Longest Walk , The - Jaye P. Morgan , 1955
Lonely Stranger - Eric Clapton , 1992
Look At That Girl - Guy Mitchell , 1953
Look For A Star - Deane Hawley , 1960
Look For The Silver Lining - Margaret Whiting , 1949
Look of Love - The - Sergio Mendes & Brazil ' 66 , 1968
Looking Back - Nat King Cole , 1958
Losing You - Brenda Lee , 1963
Lost April - Nat King Cole , 1947
Love And Marriage - Frank Sinatra , 1958
Love Can Make You Happy - Mercy , 1969
Love For Sale - Stan Kenton Orchestra , 1943
Love In Bloom - Bing Crosby , 1934
Love Is A Many - Splendored Thing - The Four Aces , 1955
Love Is A Simple Thing - Debbie Reynolds , 1962
Love Is Blue - Paul Mauriat , 1968
Love Is Just Around The Corner - Bing Crosby , 1934
Love Is The Sweetest Thing - Al Bowlly , 1932
Love Is The Tender Trap - Frank Sinatra , 1959
Love Letters - Ketty Lester , 1962
Love Letters in the Sand - Pat Boone , 1957
Love Me As Though There Were No Tomorrow - Nat King Cole , 1957
Love Me Or Leave Me - Doris Day , 1955
Love Me With All Of Your Heart - Ray Charles Singers , 1964
Love Turns Winter To Spring - Four Freshmen , 1956
Love Walked In - The Hilltoppers , 1953
Love Will Keep Us Together - Captain & Tenille , 1975
Love , You Didn't Do Right By Me - Rosemary Clooney , 1953
Love 's Been Good to Me - Frank Sinatra , 1969
Love 's Old Sweet Song - The Mills Brothers , 1932 ( ? )
Lover - Peggy Lee , 1951
Lover Come Back to Me - Nat King Cole , 1945
Lover Man - Sarah Vaughan , 1954
Luck Be A Lady - Frank Sinatra , 1965
Lullaby of Birdland - Mel Torme , 1963
Lullaby of Broadway - Frank Sinatra , 1943
Lulu's Back In Town - Fats Waller , 1935
Lush Life - Linda Ronstadt , 1984
Ma , He 's Making Eyes At Me - Pearl Bailey , 1961
MacArthur Park - Richard Harris , 1968
Mack the Knife ( Moritat ) - Bobby Darin , 1959
Magic Is The Moonlight - Julie London , 1963
Magic Moments - Perry Como , 1958
Mairzy Dotes - The Pied Pipers , 1944
Make Believe - Jimmy Lunceford , 1936
Make Believe Island - Mitchell Ayers , 1940
Make Someone Happy - Tony Bennett , 1976
Making Memories - Frankie Laine , 1967
Makin ' Whoopie - Eddie Cantor , 1930
Mam'selle - The Pied Pipers , 1947
Mama From The Train - Patti Page , 1956
Man and a Woman , A - Johnny Mathis , 1966
Man I Love , The - Ella Fitzgerald , 1956
Man That Got Away , The - Judy Garland , 1954
Man With The Bag , The - Kay Starr , 1950
Manana ( Is Soon Enough For Me ) - Peggy Lee , 1948
Manhattan - Ella Fitzgerald , 1956
Manhattan Serenade - Jo Stafford , 1943
Marianne - Terry Gilkyson & The Easy Riders , 1957
Maria Elena - Los Indios Tabajares , 1963
Marie - The Bachelors , 1965
Margie - Benny Goodman , 1938
Marshmallow World - Dean Martin , 1966
Mary In The Morning - Al Martino , 1967
Mas Que Nada - Ella Fitzgerald , 1970
Masquerade Is Over , The - Sarah Vaughan , 1954
May Each Day - Andy Williams , 1963
May You Always - The McGuire Sisters , 1959
Maybe - Perry Como & Eddie Fisher , 1952
Maybe It 's Because I Love You Too Much - Ray Noble , Al Bowlly vocal , 1933
Maybe September - Tony Bennett , 1966
Maybe You 'll Be There - Jane Morgan , 1958
Me And My Shadow - The Mills Brothers , 1958
Mean To Me - Ruth Etting , 1929
Meaning Of The Blues , The - Julie London , 1957
Meditation - Doris Day , 1965
Meet Me Where They Play the Blues - Maria Muldaur , 1999
Melancholy Serenade - Connie Francis , 1959
Mele Kalikimaka - Bing Crosby , 1950
Melody Of Love - The Four Aces , 1955
Memories - Andy Williams , 1962
Memories Are Made of This - Dean Martin , 1955
Memories of You - Rosemary Clooney & Benny Goodman , 1956
Merry Christmas Darling - The Carpenters , 1978
Mexicali Rose - Bing Crosby , 1938
Midnight At The Oasis - Maria Muldaur , 1974
Midnight Blue - Melissa Manchester , 1975
Midnight Sun - June Christy , 1953
Midnight , The Stars and You - Ray Noble , 1932
Miss You - Jaye P. Morgan , 1955
Mistletoe And Holly - Frank Sinatra , 1957
Misty - Johnny Mathis , 1959
Mockin'bird Hill - Patti Page , 1951
It Only Happens When I Dance With You - Frank Sinatra , 1948
Moment To Moment - Frank Sinatra , 1965
Moments Like This - Dean Martin , 1997 ( ? )
Moments to Remember - The Four Lads , 1955
Mona Lisa - Nat " King " Cole , 1950
Mood Indigo - Duke Ellington , 1931
Moody River - Pat Boone , 1961
Moon Was Yellow , The - Frank Sinatra , 1953
Moonburn - Bing Crosby , 1934
Moondance - Van Morrison , 1969
Moonglow - Morris Stoloff & His Orchestra , 1956
Moonlight And Roses - The Three Suns , 1954
Moonlight Becomes You - Bing Crosby , 1942
Moonlight Cocktail - Glenn Miller , 1942
Moonlight Gambler - Frankie Laine , 1956
Moonlight In Vermont - Margaret Whiting , 1944
Moonlight Serenade - Glenn Miller , 1939
Moon River - Henry Mancini , 1961
More - Kai Winding , 1963
More I See You , The - Nat " King " Cole , 1958
More Than You Know - Frank Sinatra , 1942
Mornin ' - Al Jarreau , 1983
Morning After , The - Maureen McGovern , 1973
Mr. Blue - The Fleetwoods , 1959
Mr. Lucky - Henry Mancini , 1959
Mr. Sandman - The Chordettes , 1954
Mr. Wonderful - Peggy Lee , 1956
Music , Maestro , Please - Frankie Laine , 1961
Music ! Music ! Music ! - Teresa Brewer , 1950
Music to Watch Girls By - Andy Williams , 1967
Muskrat Ramble - The McGuire Sisters , 1954
My Baby Just Cares For Me - Vic Damone , 1963
My Blue Heaven - Fats Domino , 1947
My Buddy - Mel Torme , 1949
My Coloring Book - Kitty Kallen , 1962
My Dreams Are Getting Better All the Time - Les Brown , 1945 , Doris Day vocal
My Foolish Heart - Mel Torme , 1985
My Funny Valentine - Frank Sinatra , 1954
My Happiness - Connie Francis , 1958
My Heart Belongs to Daddy - Julie London , 1961
My Heart Belongs to Me - Barbra Streisand , 1977
My Heart Cries For You - Guy Mitchell , 1951
My Heart Reminds Me - Kay Starr , 1957
My Heart Stood Still - Artie Shaw , 1938
My Ideal - Jimmy Dorsey , 1944
My Kind of Girl - Matt Monro , 1961
My Kind Of Town - Frank Sinatra , 1953
My Little Grass Shack - The Andrews Sisters , 1934
My Number One Dream Came True - Les Brown , 1946 , Doris Day vocal
My Melancholy Baby - Judy Garland , 1954
My Old Flame - Linda Ronstadt , 1984
My One And Only Love - Frank Sinatra , 1956
My Own True Love - Margaret Whiting , 1962
My Prayer - The Platters , 1956
My Romance - Doris Day , 1962
My Shining Hour - Frank Sinatra , 1979
My Shy Violet - The Mills Brothers , 1968
My Silent Love - Harry James , 1941 , Dick Haymes vocal
My Sweet Lady - John Denver , 1971
My Way - Frank Sinatra , 1969
Nagasaki - The Mills Brothers , 1934
Nancy ( With the Laughing Face ) - Frank Sinatra , 1944
Nature Boy - Nat " King " Cole , 1948
Naughty Lady of Shady Lane , The - The Ames Brothers , 1954
Near You - Roger Williams , 1958
Nearness of You , The - Hoagy Carmichael , 1927
Never Let Me Go - Nat King Cole , 1956
Never Neverland - Mary Martin , 1955
Never On Sunday - The Chordettes , 1960
Nevertheless ( I'm In Love With You ) - Frank Sinatra , 1950
New York , New York - Frank Sinatra , 1980
New York State of Mind - Billy Joel , 1976
Nice Work If You Can Get It - Fred Astaire , 1938
Nice ' n ' Easy - Frank Sinatra , 1960
Night - Jackie Wilson , 1960
Night And Day - Ella Fitzgerald , 1953
Night Life - Rusty Draper , 1963
Night Lights - Nat King Cole , 1956
Night We Called It A Day , The - Tommy Dorsey , 1943
Nights Are Long - Four Freshmen , 1965
Nights Are Longer - Four Freshmen , 1958
No Arms Can Ever Hold You - The Bachelors , 1965
No Love , No Nothin ' - Ella Mae Morse , 1943
No Moon At All - Julie London , 1956
No , Not Much - The Four Lads , 1956
No One Ever Tells You - Frank Sinatra , 1958
No Other Love - Perry Como , 1953
No Other Love - Jo Stafford , 1950
Nobody Cares If I'm Blue - Leon Redbone , 1985
Nobody Else But Me - Tony Bennett , 1995
Nobody Knows You When You 're Down And Out - Eric Clapton , 1992
Nobody Wins - Frank Sinatra , 1973
Nola - Billy Williams , 1959
Non Dimenticar - Nat King Cole , 1958
Not Mine - Peggy Lee , 1942
Now Is The Hour - Bing Crosby , 1947
Nuttin ' For Christmas - Joe Ward , 1950
Object of My Affection , The - The Boswell Sisters , 1934
Oh Babe What Would You Say - Hurricane Smith , 1973
Oh Lady Be Good - Ella Fitzgerald , 1959
Oh Johnny , Oh Johnny , Oh ! - The Andrews Sisters , 1939
Oh , Lonesome Me - Don Gibson , 1958
Oh !
Look At Me Now - Frank Sinatra , 1957
Oh My Papa - Eddie Fisher , 1953
Oh !
What It Seemed to Be - Frank Sinatra , 1946
Oh !
You Beautiful Doll - Mel Torme , 1949
Oh , You Crazy Moon - Mel Torme , 1960
Old Cape Cod - Patti Page , 1957
Old Devil Moon - Frank Sinatra , 1955
Old Lamplighter , The - The Browns , 1960
Old Piano Roll Blues , The - Hoagy Carmichael & Betty Hutton , 1950
Old Songs , The - Barry Manilow , 1981
Ole Buttermilk Sky - Hoagy Carmichael , 1946
On A Clear Day - Robert Goulet , 1965
On A Little Street In Singapore - The Ames Brothers , 1960
On An Evening in Roma - Deam Martin , 1962
On Days Like These - Matt Monro , 1969
On Moonlight Bay - Bing Crosby , 1952
On The Atchison , Topeka and the Santa Fe - Judy Garland , 1945
On The Day You Leave Me - Tony Bennett , 1985
On The Sentimental Side - Al bowlly 1938
On The Street Where You Live - Andy Williams , 1964
On the Sunny Side Of the Street - Jo Stafford , 1945
Once In A While - The Chimes , 1960
Once In Love With Amy - Ray Bolger , 1952
Once Upon A Dream - Mary Costa & Bill Shirley , 1959
Once Upon A Time - Tony Bennett , 1962
One For My Baby - Frank Sinatra , 1958
One Hundred Ways - Quincy Jones , 1980 , James Ingram vocal
One Hundred Years from Today - Maxine Sullivan , 1975
One I Love , The - Julie London , 1958
One Morning In May - Mel Torme , 1994
One of Those Songs - Jimmy Durante , 1966
Only Forever - Bing Crosby , 1940
Only The Lonely - Frank Sinatra , 1958
Only Trust Your Heart - Dean Martin , 1957
Only You - The Platters , 1955
Opus One - The Mills Brothers , 1944
Orange Colored Sky - Nat King Cole , 1945
Our Day Will Come - Ruby & The Romantics , 1963
Our Love Is Here to Stay - Nat " King " Cole , 1950
Our Winter Love - The Lettermen , 1967
Out of Nowhere - Lena Horne , 1942
Over The Rainbow - Judy Garland , 1939
Painted Tainted Rose - Al Martino , 1963
Paper Doll - The Mills Brothers , 1942
Paper Roses - Anita Bryant , 1960
Party 's Over , The - Nat King Cole , 1957
Pass Me By - Peggy Lee , 1965
Passing Strangers - Sarah Vaughan & Billy Eckstine , 1957
Peg O' My Heart - Jerry Murad & The Harmonicats , 1947
Pennies From Heaven - Bing Crosby , 1936
Penthouse Serenade - Bob Hope & Shirley Ross , 1937
People - Barbra Streisand , 1964
Perfidia - Nat King Cole , 1943
Perhaps , Perhaps , Perhaps - Doris Day , 1965
Personality - Johnny Mercer , 1946
Picnic - The McGuire Sisters , 1956
Pick Yourself Up - Fred Astaire , 1936
Play A Simple Melody - Bing Crosby , 1931
Please Don't Talk About Me When I 'm Gone - Arlo Guthrie , 1982
Poinciana - Frank Sinatra , 1943
Polka Dots And Moonbeams - Tommy Dorsey , 1940 , Frank Sinatra vocal
Poor Butterfly - The Hilltoppers , 1954
Portrait of My Love - Steve Lawrence , 1961
Prelude To a Kiss - Ella Fitzgerald , 1956
Pretend - Nat " King " Cole , 1953
Pretend You Don't See Her - Jerry Vale , 1957
Pretty Baby - Dean Martin , 1957
Prisoner Of Love - Perry Como , 1946
Promise Her Anything - Dean Martin , 1957
P.S. I Love You - Hilltoppers , The , 1953
Put ' Em In A Box - Doris Day , 1948
Put On A Happy Face - Tony Bennett , 1950
Put Your Arms Around Me , Honey - Dick Haymes , 1943
Put Your Dreams Away - Frank Sinatra , 1958
Puttin' On The Ritz - Fred Astaire , 1946
Quando , Quando , Quando - Englebert Humperdink , 1968
Que Sera Sera - Doris Day , 1956
Queen of the Senior Prom - Mills Brothers , 1957
Quiet Nights of Quiet Stars - Tony Bennett , 1963
Racing With The Moon - Vaughn Monroe , 1941
Rags To Riches - Tony Bennett , 1953
Ragtime Cowboy Joe -
The Sons of the Pioneers , 1951
Rain - Dean Martin , 1997
Rain , The Park & Other Things ,
The - The Cowsills , 1967
Rainbow Connection , The - Jim Henson , 1979
Rainy Days And Mondays - The Carpenters , 1972
Ramblin ' Rose - Nat King Cole , 1962
Ramona - Jim Reeves , 1958
Red Roses for a Blue Lady - Vic Dana , 1965
Red Sails
In the Sunset - The Platters , 1960
Remember - Benny Goodman , 1935
Remember Me - Bing Crosby , 1937
Remember Me - Ray Noble Orchestra , 1932 , Al Bowlly vocal
Remember When - The Platters , 1959
Return To Me - Dean Martin , 1958
Rhythm of the Rain - The Cascades , 1963
Ring Those Christmas Bells - Peggy Lee , 1953
River of No Return - Tennessee Ernie Ford & Marilyn Monroe , 1954
River Stay ' Way From My Door - Frank Sinatra , 1961
Rock - a- Bye Your Baby With a Dixie Melody - Al Jolson , 1918
Rockin ' Around the Christmas Tree - Brenda Lee , 1960
Rockin ' Chair - The Mills Brothers , 1932
Room Full Of Roses - Sammy Kaye , 1949
Room Without Windows , A - Steve Lawrence , 1964
Round And Round - Perry Como , 1957
' Round Midnight - Julie London , 1960
Route 66 - Nat " King " Cole , 1946
Ruby ( It's You ) - Ray Charles , 1960
'S Wonderful - Glenn Miller , 1945
Saint Louis Blues - Lena Horne , 1941
Same Old Saturday Night - Frank Sinatra , 1955
Sam's Song - Bing & Gary Crosby , 1950
San Antonio Rose - Bob Wills , 1944
San Francisco Bay Blues - Peter , Paul & Mary , 1965
San Francisco ( Wear Some Flowers In Your Hair ) - Scott McKenzie , 1967
Sand And The Sea , The - Nat King Cole , 1955
Santa Baby - Eartha Kitt , 1953
Satin Doll - Duke Ellington , 1953
Saturday Night Is The Loneliest Night Of The Week - Frank Sinatra , 1944
Say It Is n't So - Julie London , 1955
Scarlet Ribbons - Harry Belafonte , 1956
Scotch 'n Soda - The Kingston Trio , 1962
Sea Of Love - Phil Phillips , 1959
Sea Of Heartbreak - Don Gibson , 1961
Second Hand Rose - Barbra Streisand , 1965
Second Time Around , The - Frank Sinatra , 1961
Secret Love - Doris Day , 1954
See You In September - The Tempos , 1959
Seems Like Old Times - The Four Freshmen , 1956
Send In The Clowns - Judy Collins , 1975
Sentimental Journey - Les Brown Orchestra , 1944
Sentimental Me - The Ames Brothers , 1950
September In The Rain - Dinah Washington , 1961
September Of My Years - Frank Sinatra , 1965
September Song - Bing Crosby , 1946
Serenade In Blue - Glenn Miller , 1942
Serenade of the Bells - Jo Stafford , 1947
Sh - Boom - The Crew Cuts , 1954
Shadow of Your Smile , The - Tony Bennett , 1965
Shangri-La - The Four Coins , 1957
She Was Five And He Was Ten - The Mills Brothers , 1954
She 's Funny That Way - Frank Sinatra , 1943
Sheik Of Araby , The - Benny Goodman , 1937
Shine On , Harvest Moon - Leon Redbone , 1977
Shoo Fly Pie - Dinah Shore , 1945
Shrimp Boats - Jo Stafford , 1951
Side By Side - Kay Starr , 1948
Silver Bells - Bing Crosby , 1951
Since I Fell for You - Lenny Welch , 1963
Sincerely - The McGuire Sisters , 1955
Sing For Your Supper - Mamas & Papas , 1967
Singin ' In The Rain - Gene Kelly , 1952
Sisters - Rosemary Clooney & Vera Ellen , 1954
Sky Fell Down , The- Frank Sinatra , 1940
Skylark - Linda Ronstadt , 1984
Sleigh Ride - Johnny Mathis , 1958
Sleepy Head - The Mills Brothers , 1934
Sleepy Lagoon - Harry James , 1940
Sleepy Time Gal - Glenn Miller , 1935
Slow Boat to China - A - Kay Kyser , 1948
Slow Down - Nat King Cole , 1941
Small Fry - Bing Crosby , 1938
Small World - Johnny Mathis , 1959
Smile - Tony Bennett , 1959
Smiles - Benny Goodman , 1936
Smoke Gets In Your Eyes - The Platters , 1958
Smoke Rings - The Mills Brothers , 1932
Snap Your Fingers - Joe Henderson , 1962
Snow - Bing Crosby , Danny Kaye , Rosemary Clooney & Vera Ellen , 1954
Snowfall - Tony Bennett , 1968
So Do I - Kenny Ball , 1961
So In Love - Ella Fitzgerald , 1956
So Little Time - Andy Williams , 1964
So Nice ( Summer Samba ) - Astrud Gilberto , 1965
So Rare - Jimmy Dorsey Orchestra , 1957
So Relax - Leon Redbone , 1990
So What 's New - Peggy Lee , 1967
Soft Summer Breeze - Eddie Heywood , 1956
Softly As I Leave You - Frank Sinatra , 1964
Solitude - Billie Holiday , 1944
Some Enchanted Evening - Perry Como , 1949
Some Sunday Morning - Helen Forrest & Dick Haymes , 1945
Somebody Buy Me A Drink - Oscar Peterson , Jr. , 1960
Somebody Else Is Taking My Place - Benny Goodman , 1942 , Peggy Lee Vocal
Somebody Loves Me - Errol Garner , 1945
Somebody Stole My Gal - Ted Weems , 1930
Someday My Prince Will Come - Adriana Caselotti , 1937
Someday ( You 'll Want Me to Want You ) - The Mills Brothers , 1949
Someone to Watch Over Me - Ella Fitzgerald , 1950
Someone 's Rocking My Dreamboat - The Ink Spots , 1941
Somethin ' Stupid - Frank & Nancy Sinatra , 1967
Something to Remember You By - Dinah Shore , 1943
Something 's Gotta Give - The McGuire Sisters , 1955
Sometimes I 'm Happy - Benny Goodman , 1935
Somewhere - Johnny Mathis , 1964
Somewhere Along The Way - Nat King Cole , 1952
Somewhere In Your Heart - Frank Sinatra , 1964
Somewhere My Love - Ray Coniff , 1966
Somewhere Out There - James Ingram & Linda Ronstadt , 1991
Somewhere There 's A Someone - Dean Martin , 1966
Song Is You , The - Tommy Dorsey , 1946
Songbird - Barbra Streisand , 1978
Soon - Ella Fitzgerald , 1959
Soon It 's Gonna Rain - Barbra Streisand , 1963
Sooner Or Later - Doris Day , 1947
Sophisticated Lady - Linda Ronstadt , 1984
South Of The Border - Frank Sinatra , 1953
Southern Nights - Glenn Campbell , 1977
Spanish Eyes - Al Martino , 1966
Speak Low - Frank Sinatra , 1945
Speak Softly , Love - Andy Williams , 1972
Spring Can Really Hang You Up the Most - Bette Midler , 1990
Stairway To The Stars - Glenn Miller , 1939
Standing On The Corner - The Four Lads , 1956
Star Dust - Nat " King " Cole , 1957
Star Eyes - Jimmy Dorsey Orchestra 1943
Stars Fell On Alabama - Frank Sinatra , 1935
Star Fell Out of Heaven , A - Vera Lynn , 1936
Stay As Sweet As You Are - Nat King Cole , 1957
Stella By Starlight - Frank Sinatra , 1946
Steppin' Out With My Baby - Tony Bennett , 1948
Stompin ' At The Savoy - The Ink Spots , 1936
Stormy Weather - Lena Horne , 1943
Straighten Up And Fly Right - Nat King Cole , 1943
Strange Fruit - Billie Holiday , 1939
Stranger In Paradise - Tony Bennett , 1953
Stranger On The Shore - Andy Williams , 1962
Strangers In The Night - Frank Sinatra , 1966
Street of Dreams - The Ink Spots , 1939
Sugartime - The McGuire Sisters , 1957
Sukiyaki - Kyo Sakamoto , 1964
Summer Knows ,
The - Summer of ' 42 , 1971
Summer Me , Winter Me - Frank Sinatra , 1979
Summer Rain - Johnny Rivers , 1967
Summer Sweetheart - The Ames Brothers , 1956
Summer Wind , The - Frank Sinatra , 1966
Summer Wine - Nancy Sinatra & Lee Hazelwood , 1967
Summertime - Ella Fitzgerald , 1960
Sunday - Frank Sinatra , 1954
Sunday Blues - Julie London , 1957
Sunday Kind Of Love - Jo Stafford , 1947
Sunday , Monday Or Always - Bing Crosby , 1943
Sunday Will Never Be the Same - Spanky & Our Gang , 1967
Sunrise , Sunset - Topol , 1964
Susie Darlin '- Robin Luke , 1958
Sway - Dean Martin , 1954
Sweet And Lovely - Russ Columboa , 1931
Sweet Dreams - Patsy Cline , 1963
Sweet Georgia Brown - Louis Armstrong , 1949
Sweet Happy Life - Peggy Lee , 1966
Sweet Lorraine - Nat ' King ' Cole , 1940
Sweet Memories - Andy Williams , 1982
Sweet Sue ( Just You ) - Benny Goodman , 1938
Sweetest Sounds ,
The - Sarah Vaughan , 1963
Sweetheart Tree , The - Henry Mancini , 1965
Swingin ' Down the Lane - Frank Sinatra , 1955
Swingin' On A Star - Bing Crosby , 1944
Swingin' On the Moon - Mel Torme , 1953
Swingin ' Shepherd Blues - Moe Koffman , 1957
Take Me In Your Arms - Dean Martin , 1962
Take The " A " Train - Ella Fitzgerald & Duke Ellington , 1941
Taking A Chance On Love - Benny Goodman Orchestra , 1943
Tammy - Debbie Reynolds , 1957
Tangerine - Jimmy Dorsey , 1942
Tea For Two - Doris Day , 1950
Teach Me Tonight - Jo Stafford , 1953
Teacher 's Pet - Doris Day , 1958
Teddy Bears ' Picnic , The - Frank DeVol , 1949
Tell Me Why - The Four Aces , 1951
Temptation - Perry Como , 1945
Tender Is The Night - Tony Bennett , 1962
Tenderly - Tony Bennett , 1960
Tennessee Waltz - Patti Page , 1950
Thank Heaven for Little Girls - Maurice Chevalier , 1958
Thanks - Bing Crosby , 1933
Thanks For The Memory - Shep Fields & Bob Hope , 1937
That Feeling In The Moonlight - Perry Como , 1945
That Lucky Old Sun - Frankie Laine , 1949
That Old Black Magic - Glenn Miller , 1943
That Old Feeling - Frank Sinatra , 1960
That Old Gang of Mine - The Four Aces , 1954
That Ole Devil Called Love - Billie Holiday , 1944
That Sunday That Summer - Nat King Cole , 1963
That Was A Big Fat Lie - Doris Day , 1948
That 's All - Sarah Vaughn , 1958
That 's All I Want From You - Jaye P. Morgan , 1954
That 's Amore - Dean Martin , 1953
That 's Life - Frank Sinatra , 1966
That 's My Desire - Frankie Laine , 1947
That 's The Beginning Of The End - Jimmy Roselli , 1970
Them There Eyes - Billie Holiday , 1939
Then I'll Be Tired of You - Peggy Lee , 1957
Then You Can Tell Me Good - Bye - The Casinos , 1967
There Are Such Things - Tommy Dorsey , Frank Sinatra & The Pied Pipers , 1942
There Goes My Heart - Joni James , 1958
There I Go - Vaughn Monroe , 1940
There !
I 've Said It Again - Bobby Vinton , 1963
There Must Be A Way - Joni James , 1959
There Will Never Be Another You - Nat " King " Cole , 1943
There 'll Be Some Changes Made - Julie London , 1961
There 's A Kind of Hush - Carpenters ,
The , 1976
There 's A Small Hotel - Benny Goodman , 1936 , Helen Ward vocal
There 's Always Tomorrow - Janet Orenstein , 1964
There 's No You - Frank Sinatra , 1943
There 's Yes !
Yes !
In Your Eyes - Teresa Brewer , 1951
These Are The Things I Love - Della Reese , 1962
These Foolish Things - Benny Goodman , 1936
They All Laughted - Frank Sinatra , 1979
They Can't Take That Away from Me - Frank Sinatra , 1962
They Didn't Believe Me - Julie London , 1963
They Say It 's Spring - Blossom Dearie , 1957
They Say It 's Wonderful - Frank Sinatra , 1946
Things - Bobby Darin , 1962
Things We Did Last Summer , The - Jo Stafford , 1946
Think of Me Thinking of You - Leon Redbone , 1985
Thinking of You - Eddie Fisher , 1950
This Can't Be Love - Nat King Cole , 1954
This Could Be The Start of Something Big - Steve Lawrence & Eydie Gorme , 1977
This Guy's In Love With You - Herb Alpert , 1968
This Is All I Ask - Tony Bennett , 1963
This Is Always - Jo Stafford , 1944
This Is My Song - Petula Clark , 1967
This Is No Laughing Matter - Charlie Spivak Orchestra , 1941
This Love Of Mine - Tommy Dorsey , vocal by Frank Sinatra , 1941
This Masquerade - George Benson , 1976
This Ole House - Rosemary Clooney , 1954
This Time The Dream's On Me - Ella Fitzgerald , 1956
This Time of the Year - Brook Benton , 1960
This Will Make You Laugh - Nat King Cole , 1941
Those Lazy - Hazy - Crazy Days of Summer - Nat King Cole , 1963
Three Coins In the Fountain - The Four Aces , 1954
Three Little Words - Bing Crosby & The Rhythm Boys , 1930
Thrill Is Gone , The - Julie London , 1960
Through the Eyes Of Love - Melissa Manchester , 1965
Tico Tico - Andrews Sisters , 1943
Tie A Yellow Ribbon Round the Old Oak Tree - Tony Orlando & Dawn , 1973
Till The End of Time - Perry Como , 1945
Til Then - The Mills Brothers , 1944
Til There Was You - Anita Bryant , 1959
Till - Tony Bennett , 1957
Time After Time - Dinah Washington , 1957
Time And The River - Nat King Cole , 1960
Time For Love , A - Diane Schuur , 1986
Time On My Hands - Eddie Condon , 1944
Times Of Your Life , The - Paul Anka , 1975
' Tis Autumn - Nat " King " Cole , 1949
To Each His Own - The Platters , 1960
To The Ends Of The Earth - Nat King Cole , 1956
Today - The New Christy Minstrels , 1964
Together - Connie Francis , 1961
Tonight You Belong to Me - Patience & Prudence , 1956
Too Close for Comfort - Frank Sinatra , 1958
Too Late Now - The DeCastro Sisters , 1955
Too Many Rivers - Brenda Lee , 1965
Too Marvelous For Words - Frank Sinatra , 1956
Too Soon to Tell - Bonnie Raitt , 1989
Too Young - Nat " King " Cole , 1951
Top Hat , White Tie and Tails - Fred Astaire , 1935
Town Without Pity - Gene Pitney , 1961
Toyland - Doris Day , 1964
Trade Winds - Bing Crosby , 1950
Trail of the Lonesome Pine - Laurel & Hardy , 1937
Trains And Boats And Planes - Dionne Warwick , 1962
Tree In The Meadow - Margaret Whiting , 1948
Trolley Song , The - Judy Garland , 1944
Trouble With Hello Is Goodbye , The - Sergio Mendes , 1975
True Love - Bing Crosby & Grace Kelly , 1956
Trust In Me - Eddie Fisher , 1952
Try A Little Tenderness - Bing Crosby , 1933
Try to Remember - Ed Ames , 1965
Turn Around , Look At Me - The Vogues , 1968
Tuxedo Junction - Glenn Miller , 1940
Twelfth of Never , The - Johnny Mathis , 1957
Twenty - Six Miles ( Santa Catalina ) - The Four Preps , 1958
Twilight Time - The Platters , 1958
Two Different Worlds - Don Rondo , 1956
Two For The Road - Henry Mancini , 1973
Two Sleepy People - Bing Crosby , 1944
Unchained Melody - Roy Hamilton , 1955
Undecided - The Ames Brothers , 1951
Under A Blanket of Blue - Ella Fitzgerald & Louis Armstrong , 1956
Underneath The Arches - The Andrews Sisters , 1948
Unforgettable - Dinah Washington , 1959
Until I Met You - Tony Bennett , 1963
Until The Real Thing Comes Along - Frank Sinatra , 1984
Up The Lazy River - The Mills Brothers , 1948
Vaya Con Dios - Les Paul & Mary Ford , 1953
Very Precious Love , A - Doris Day , 1958
Very Thought of You , The - Billie Holliday , 1953
Volare - Domenico Modugno , 1958
Wait Till the Sun Shines , Nellie - Bing Crosby , 1941
Waitin ' For The Train To Come In - Peggy Lee , 1945
Wake the Town and Tell the People - Les Baxter , 1955
Walk Away Renee - The Left Banke , 1966
Walk Right Back - The Everly Brothers , 1961
Walkin' After Midnight - Patsy Cline , 1957
Walkin' My Baby Back Home - Nat ' King ' Cole , 1952
Walkin ' to Missouri - Sammy Kaye , 1952
Wanderin ' Star - Lee Marvin , 1969
Wanted - Perry Como , 1954
Watch What Happens - Andy Williams , 1967
Waters of March - Susannah McCorkle , 1993
Watermelon Weather - Perry Como , 1952 , with Eddie Fisher
Wave - Frank Sinatra , 1969
Way That I Want to Touch You , The - Captain & Tenille , 1974
Way We Were , The - Barbra Streisand , 1973
Way You Look Tonight , The - The Lettermen , 1961
Wayward Wind , The - Gogi Grant , 1956
We Can Fly - The Cowsills , 1968
We Three ( My Echo , My Shadow and Me ) - The Ink Spots , 1940
We 'll Be Together Again - Frankie Laine , 1945
We 'll Meet Again - Vera Lynn , 1954
We 're In This Love Together - Al Jarreau , 1981
We 've Got A World That Swings - Mel Torme , 1964
We 've Only Just Begun - Carpenters , The , 1970
Welcome to My World - Jim Reeves , 1962
What A Difference A Day Makes - Dinah Washington , 1959
What A Wonderful World - Louis Armstrong , 1967
What Are You Doing New Year 's Eve - Ella Fitzgerald , 1960
What Are You Doing the Rest of Your Life - Jimmy Smith , 1973
What Good Am I Without You - Frankie Laine 1956
What I Did For Love - Donna Drake , 1975
What Is There to Say - Ella Fitzgerald , 1954
What Is This Thing Called Love - Artie Shaw , 1938
What Kind of Fool Am I - Sammy Davis , Jr. , 1962
What Now My Love - Jane Morgan , 1962
What Will I Tell My Heart - Eddy Howard , 1951
What 'll I Do - Linda Ronstadt , 1983
What 's New - Linda Ronstadt , 1983
When - The Kalin Twins , 1958
When A Woman Loves A Man - Dinah Washington , 1959
When April Comes Again - Mel Torme , 1956
When I Grow Too Old to Dream - Linda Ronstadt , 1978
When I Fall In Love - The Lettermen , 1961
When I Kissed That Girl Goodbye - Leon Redbone , 1994
When I Lost You - Mills Brothers , 1948
When I See An Elephant Fly - Cliff Edwards , 1941
When I Take My Sugar to Tea - Leon Redbone , 1991
When In Rome - Tony Bennett , 1975
When It's Sleepy Time Down South - Mel Torme , 1945
When Joanna Loved Me - Tony Bennett , 1964
When My Dreamboat Comes Home - Bing Crosby , 1935
When My Sugar Walks Down The Street - Peggy Lee , 1959
When October Goes - Diane Schuur , 2003
When Somebody Thinks You 're Wonderful - Fats Waller , 1935
When Sunny Gets Blue - Johnny Mathis , 1962
When The Moon Comes Over the Mountain - Kate Smith , 1931
When The Red , Red Robin - Bing Crosby , 1962
When The Swallows Come Back to Capistrano - 1940
When They Ask About You - Jimmy Dorsey , 1944 , Kitty Kallen vocal
When You Were Sweet Sixteen - Mills Brothers - 1940
When You Wish Upon A Star - Cliff Edwards , as Jiminy Cricket in " Pinnochio , " 1940
When You 're Smiling - Louis Armstrong , 1929
When Your Lover Has Gone - Frank Sinatra , 1955
When Your Old Wedding Ring Was New - Jimmy Rosselli , 1967
Where Are You - Frank Sinatra , 1958
Where Are You Christmas - Faith Hill , 2000
Where Can I Go Without You - Peggy Lee , 1954
Where Do I Begin - Andy Williams , 1971
Where Have All The Flowers Gone - The Kingston Trio , 1962
Where Is Love - The Lettermen , 1970
Where Is Your Heart - Percy Faith , 1953
Where Love Has Gone - Bobby Darin , 1964
Where Or When - Dion & The Belmonts , 1959
Where The Blue Of The Night - Bing Crosby , 1931
Where Was I ? - Charlie Barnett , 1940
Whiffenpoof Song , The - Rudy Vallee , 1927
While We 're Young - Peggy Lee , 1947
Whispering - Les Paul , 1948
Whispering Grass - The Ink Spots , 1940
Whistle Me Some Blues - The Four Freshmen , 1958
Whistling Away the Dark - Henry Mancini , 1969
White Christmas - Bing Crosby , 1942
White Cliffs of Dover - Vera Lynn , 1941
White Silver Sands - Don Rondo , 1957
Who Can I Turn To - Tony Bennett , 1964
Who Needs You - The Four Lads , 1957
Who Would n't Love You - Steve Lawrence & Eydie Gorme , 1960
Who 's Sorry Now - Connie Francis , 1958
Why Did I Choose You - Barbra Streisand , 1965
Why Don't We Do This More Often - Kay Kyser , 1941
Why Don't You Believe Me - Joni James , 1952
Why Don't You Do Right - Peggy Lee , 1943
Why Should I Care - Diana Krall , 1999
Why Should I Cry Over You - Frank Sinatra , 1954
Why Try To Change Me Now - Frank Sinatra , 1959
Wild Is The Wind - Johnny Mathis , 1957
Wildflower - Skylark , 1972
Will You Still Be Mine - Connie Haines , 1941
Willow Weep For Me - Chad & Jeremy , 1964
Windmills of You Mind - Dusty Springfield , 1969
Winter Romance - Dean Martin , 1959
Winter Weather - Peggy Lee , 1941
Winter Wonderland - The Andrews Sisters , 1950
Wish You Were Here - Eddie Fisher , 1952
Wishing Will Make It So - Glenn Miller , 1939
Witchcraft - Frank Sinatra , 1963
With A Smile And A Song - Adriana Caselotti , 1937
With A Song In My Heart - Doris Day , 1954
With My Eyes Wide Open - Patti Page , 1950
Without A Song - Frank Sinatra , 1965
Without You - Harry Nillson , 1972
Wives And Lovers - Jack Jones , 1963
Woman In Love , A - The Four Aces , 1955
Wonderland By Night - Bert Kaempfert , 1961
Wonderful !
Wonderful ! - Johnny Mathis , 1957
World I Used to Know , The - The Kingston Trio , 1964
World Is Waiting For The Sunrise , The - Les Paul & Mary Ford , 1951
World We Knew , The ( Over and Over ) - Frank Sinatra , 1967
Words Of Love - " Mama Cass " Elliott , 1966
Would n't It Be Loverly - Julie Andrews , 1956
Wrap Your Troubles in Dreams - Bing Crosby , 1931
Wynken , Blynken and Nod - The Simon Sisters , 1964
Yellow Bird - The Brothers Four , 1967
Yellow Days - Frank Sinatra , 1967
Yes Sir , That 's My Baby - Eddie Cantor , 1930
Yesterday I Heard the Rain - Tony Bennett , 1968
Yesterday Once More - The Carpenters , 1973
Yesterday When I Was Young - Roy Clark , 1966
Yesterday 's Gone - Chad & Jeremy , 1964
Yesterdays - Jo Stafford , 1944
You - Tommy Dorsey , 1935
You Always Hurt the One You Love - The Mills Brothers , 1944
You And I - Glenn Miller , 1941
You And the Night And the Music - Julie London , 1960
You Are Never Far Away From Me - Perry Como , 1958
You Are The Sunshine Of My Life - Stevie Wonder , 1973
You Belong To Me - Jo Stafford , 1952
You Belong to My Heart - Bing Crosby , 1945
You Better Go Now - Jeri Southern , 1956
You Broke The Only Heart That Ever Loved You - The Mills Brothers , 1946
You Brought a New Kind of Love to Me - Doris Day , 1952
You Call Everybody Darling - The Andrews Sisters , 1948
You Call It Madness - Nat King Cole , 1942
You Came A Long Way From St. Louis - Peggy Lee , 1959
You Can't Be True , Dear - Patti Page , 1995
You Do Something to Me - Doris Day , 1951
You Don't Know Me - Ray Charles , 1962
You Don't Know What Love Is - Dinah Washington , 1955
You Fascinate Me So - Blossom Dearie , 1959
You Go To My Head - Frank Sinatra , 1945
You Keep Coming Back Like a Song - Jo Stafford , 1946
You Light Up My Life - Debby Boone , 1977
You Made Me Love You - Judy Garland , 1959
You Make Me Feel So Young - Frank Sinatra , 1956
You Must Believe In Spring - Tony Bennett , 1976
You Must Have Been A Beautiful Baby - Bobby Darin , 1961
You My Love - Frank Sinatra , 1954
You Needed Me - Anne Murray , 1978
You Never Gave It A Try - Peggy King , 1954
You Only Live Twice - Nancy Sinatra , 1967
You Should Have Told Me - Doris Day , 1946
You Stepped Out Of A Dream - Nat King Cole , 1945
You Took Advantage of Me - Linda Ronstadt , 1985
You Turned The Tables On Me - Benny Goodman , 1936
You Were Meant For Me - Gene Kelly , 1952
You Were Only Fooling - Kay Starr , 1948
You Will Be My Music - Frank Sinatra , 1973
You Wonderful You - Judy Garland & Gene Kelly , 1950
You , You , You - Ames Brothers , 1953
You'd Be So Nice To Come Home To - Frank Sinatra , 1957
You 'd Be Surprised - Dean Martin , 1953
You 'd Better Love Me ( While You May ) - Mel Torme , 1964
You 'll Never Know - Frank Sinatra , 1943
You 'll Never Miss The Water Till the Well Runs Dry - The Mills Brothers , 1969
You 'll Never Walk Alone - Claramae Turner , 1956
You 'll Remember Me - Peggy Lee , 1970
You 're Breaking My Heart - Vic Damone , 1949
You 're Driving Me Crazy - Frank Sinatra , 1966
You 're Getting To Be A Habit With Me - Bing Crosby , 1933
You 're Just In Love - Rosemary Clooney , 1954
You 're Looking At Me - Nat King Cole , 1957
You 're My Everything - Nat King Cole , 1964
You 're Nobody Til Somebody Loves You - Dean Martin , 1964
You 're Sixteen - Johnny Burnette , 1960
You 're The Cream In My Coffee - Nat King Cole , 1942
You 've Changed - Julie London , 1959
You 've Got Your Troubles I 've Got Mine - The Fortunes , 1965
Young And Foolish - The Lettermen , 1962
Young And Warm And Wonderful - Tony Bennett , 1958
Young At Heart - Frank Sinatra , 1954
Young Love - Sonny James , 1956
Your Cheatin ' Heart - Ray Charles , 1962
Yours ( Quireme Mucho ) - Jimmy Dorsey , 1941
Zing !
Went the Strings of My Heart - Judy Garland , 1938
Zip - A - Dee-Doo-Dah - James Baskett , 1946
The lyric and guitar chord transcriptions on this site are the work of The Guitarguy and are intended for private study , research , or educational purposes only .
Individual transcriptions are inspired by and and based upon the recorded versions cited , but are not necessarily exact replications of those recorded versions .
Bolivia 's Uyuni salt flats hold half of the world 's reserves of lithium , a metal used in high energy density lithium batteries
As international carmakers scramble to find a suitable alternative to petrol vehicles , Bolivia hopes its lithium reserves could be harnessed to provide an energy source - and hold the key to new - found wealth and political influence .
Peter Day has been to the Uyuni salt flats .
The sky is an infinite blue .
The land is perfectly flat , and dazzlingly white , stretching to a line of distant volcanoes .
And here is the boss of a potentially huge project that Bolivia is pinning great hopes on , showing me his highly decorative chickens .
Twelve thousand feet ( 3,700 m ) up here in the high Andean plains of south western Bolivia , the subzero nights are bitingly cold , but the days are hot even in the middle of winter .
The unclouded sun is reflected upwards by the largest salt flats in the world , the Salar de Uyuni .
They are drawn to the salt flats by what lies metres below the ice - like crust of salt and mud
It is a spectacular desert .
For decades now it has drawn young and hardy international backpackers to endure the dusty hours of jolting journeying by bus and train and 4x4 vehicles into a vast nowhere .
But now this arduous journey is being made by other people - engineers and businessmen from some of the world 's largest mining and chemical companies .
They are here every week .
They are drawn to the salt flats by what lies metres below the ice - like crust of salt and mud .
Down there is a great reserve of brine , and contained in the salty liquid , the largest deposits in the world of the lightest metal , lithium .
As is the case with fossil fuels , lithium is a limited resource
For years lithium has been used for specialist purposes such as ceramics , and pills for depression .
But suddenly there is a huge new potential demand .
Great expectations
Over the past few years I have driven or been driven in several rechargeable electric cars .
Vehicle manufacturers old and new are rushing to build substitutes for the internal combustion engine .
Great hopes are being placed on batteries with this very light lithium at their core , much quicker to charge and discharge power ( so they say ) than heavy conventional batteries .
So if plug - in cars catch on , lithium may be one of the vital raw materials for the auto revolution .
And here in the Salar de Uyuni the experts think that the difficult and poverty - stricken country of Bolivia holds 50 % of the world 's total supplies of lithium , contained in these vast hidden lakes of brine .
That is why Marcelo Castro , the man with the chickens ( and rabbits too , he wants to be self - sufficient in this desolate place ) is building a pilot plant to learn how to get the lithium out of these salt flats , and then how to evaporate the brine and separate the precious metal from the salt .
Evo Morales does not want lithium to be exploited by foreign companies
All this is raising great expectations in landlocked Bolivia .
To outsiders it is a very curious country , the second poorest state in South America after Guyana , a society riven by fault lines - great gaps between rich and poor , big geographical differences between the lush east and the towering Andes in the west , and sharp racial differences between successful former Europeans and a majority of indigenous peoples .
These last are the ones who voted the first indigenous president into office in 2006 .
Evo Morales has moved quickly to shift power in favour of the peoples he comes from .
State ambitions
He has nationalised the commanding heights of the economy including oil and natural gas .
And he has moved to break up big land estates .
The president ( with a kind of Beatles hairstyle ) has also pronounced that the new windfall , raw material lithium , should not be exploited by predator overseas capitalist multinationals , but developed by the state for the benefit of Bolivia .
This brings great pride to a local campaigner I heard from in the town nearest the deposits .
Mr Castro says he is proud to be part of the pilot project Wearing her characteristic native hat , based on the British bowler imported more than 100 years ago , Domitila Machaca told me how the local people had marched hundreds of miles to the capital La Paz in the 1990s to block the foreign exploitation of the salt flats ; and she grinned toothily when she praised the Morales tactics of homemade development of these riches .
Later , still slowed down by the altitude , I wheezed slightly breathlessly in La Paz as I put it to the mining minister Luis Echazu that Bolivia was taking a big risk if it really wants to be ( as some have said ) " the Saudi Arabia of lithium " .
" Oh no , " he replied , " we want to go further than that - we do n't want merely to process the metal , we want to make the batteries from it as well . "
But that will take money and expertise , which Bolivia will have to import , and multinational companies are wary of socialist countries with big state ambitions .
Meanwhile , back at the salt flats , the plant construction manager Marcelo Castro gave me lunch - a vast egg sandwich made from one of the eggs from his chickens - delicious .
Despite the hardships , he was very proud , he said , to be taking part in this great Bolivian project .
If the world takes to the electric car , and if lithium really is the metal that will power it , and if the Bolivians can deliver , we may soon be hearing quite a lot more about the great Uyuni salt flats .
To say nothing of those fancy chickens .
You can listen to more of Peter Day 's report on In Business , broadcast on Thursday , 20 August , 2009 at 2030 BST .
How to listen to : From our own Correspondent Radio 4 : Saturdays , 1130 .
Second weekly edition on Thursdays , 1100 ( some weeks only ) World Service :
See programme schedules Download the podcast Listen on iPlayer Story by story at the programme website
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The planner you are attempting to access is no longer online or you have entered incorrect information !
If you choose to proceed you will be taken to a Demo Planner !
Get Flash
Pete Sessions to Ponzi schemer Stanford : " I love you " UPDATE
Apparently Rep. Pete Sessions ( R - Texas ) , the head of the National Republican Congressional Committee , was a lot closer to alleged Ponzi schemer Allen Stanford than he 's let on — so close , in fact , that he reportedly sent Stanford an I - love - you - man e-mail on the day Stanford was busted by federal officials .
" I love you and believe in you , '' wrote Sessions in an e-mail sent on Feb. 17 , according to the Miami Herald .
" If you want my ear / voice — e-mail . "
It was signed " Pete , " according to the paper , which was leaked e-mail found on Stanford 's computer .
[ The story . ]
UPDATE : Three days later , Sessions ' spokeswoman claimed Sessions did n't personally know the Texas - bred financier , who lavished lawmakers with junkets and fancy dinners as he built a fraudulent $ 8 billion empire .
She later admitted they had a professional relationship .
Glenn
Thrush is senior staff writer at Politico Magazine .
MONTREAL
T he federal Conservative party is no longer radioactive in Quebec .
That 's the main message from this week 's by - election foursome .
As a result , it is no longer a given that Quebecers will again stand in the way of a Conservative majority in the next general election .
Gilles Duceppe and his strategists had come to feel they had a lock on the province for as long as Stephen Harper led the Conservatives .
On Monday they found out the hard way that , short of buying love , money can at least pave the way to political support .
In the former sovereignist stronghold of Montmagny - L'Islet - Kamouraska - Rivière - du - Loup , fatigue with opposition politics decisively trumped the Bloc Québécois 's anti-Conservative message .
The lure of millions of stimulus dollars and the sight of Quebec 's 10 Conservative ridings awash in federal cash made a difference .
On that score , the Liberal strategy of drawing attention to the Conservative spending pattern seems to have backfired , at least in Quebec .
The bad news for Duceppe is that voter fatigue with its permanent berth on the opposition side of the House of Commons is neither new nor exclusive to one Quebec riding .
With no referendum in sight and in the absence of a wedge issue , the Bloc actually has few weapons to ward off the siren calls of a free - spending governing party .
Bloc strategists thought they had such an issue in the gun registry .
Alone of the three opposition parties , Duceppe 's caucus gave the registry its full backing in the Commons last week .
But in the semi-rural areas of the Lower St. Lawrence , the registry does not have the iconic status it enjoys with the province 's urban media and politicians .
There is also mounting evidence that , when it comes to fighting the Bloc , the federalist parties are finally getting smart .
Earlier in the campaign , for instance , the House unanimously supported Quebec 's right to ensure immigrants to the province take up French .
The parliamentary vote dimmed Bloc hopes of rekindling the language debate to coast to victory in the by - elections .
And then , with the Liberals under Michael Ignatieff going nowhere fast in Quebec , federalists are looking at other options .
While the Conservatives are the main beneficiaries of the Liberal vacuum outside Montreal , the NDP is picking up support on the island .
Former Liberal minister Martin Cauchon , who has set his sights on winning back his ex-riding of Outremont from NDP deputy leader Thomas Mulcair in the next election , might want to take note of the 20 per cent NDP score in neighbouring Hochelaga – a riding where the Liberals used to outvote the NDP by a ratio of 5 to 1 only five years ago .
In British Columbia , the NDP scored a hit with its campaign against the province 's upcoming harmonized sales tax , holding on to the New Westminster - Coquitlam riding with an increased majority .
It remains to be seen whether a protest vote against a provincial tax can be sustained throughout a full - fledged federal campaign but the issue does provide Jack Layton with a unique wedge against both the Liberals and the Conservatives in a crucial province for the three main parties .
By definition , a good by - election night for Harper and Layton means a sleepless one for the Liberals .
There could be more to come .
This was Ignatieff 's first electoral test and the results are comparable to Stéphane Dion 's dismal 2008 score .
Against all expectations , it may be that the Liberals did not bottom out in the last election .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Chantal Hébert is a national affairs writer .
Her column appears Monday , Wednesday and Friday .
Read more about :
By Victoria Gill
Science reporter , BBC News
The most precarious marine species on the planet A species of skate could become the first marine fish driven to extinction by commercial fishing , say scientists .
A study reveals that an error in the classification of the species has meant researchers have failed to see just how close to the brink it is .
The French team reports its findings in the journal Aquatic Conservation .
Marine biologist Nicholas Dulvy from Simon Fraser University in Canada says the skate is now " the most precarious marine species on Earth " .
The team 's genetic studies have revealed that what is referred to as the common skate is actually two clearly distinct species - the flapper skate ( Dipturus intermedia ) and the blue skate ( Dipturus flossada ) .
The fish were originally categorised separately , but an influential study in 1926 recognised only one valid species - Dipturus batis .
This classification has been unchallenged since .
The 80 - year error has ensured that fisheries have not been catching what they thought , explained Dr Dulvy , who is also co-chair of the International Union for the Conservation of Nature 's ( IUCN's ) shark specialist group .
The result has been that catches of the smaller , more resilient blue skate has entirely masked the decline of the flapper skate .
Disappearing fast
The research team , led by Samuel Iglesias from the Marine Biology Station in Concarneau on the west coast of France , paints a very bleak picture for the future of the flapper skate .
Dr Iglesias and his team spent over a year working with French fisheries and taking DNA samples from the skate that was caught .
His findings finally revealed that the larger D. intermedia species was indeed in serious decline .
Dr Iglesias said : " The threat of extinction for European Dipturus together with mislabelling in fishery statistics highlight the need for a huge reassessment of population for the different Dipturus species in European waters .
" Without revision and recognition of its distinct status the world 's largest skate , D. intermedia , could soon be rendered extinct . "
Dr Dulvy added : " As far as we can tell , [ humans have ] not yet driven anything fully to extinction by over - fishing . "
He and many other marine scientists are now very concerned that this skate species will be the first .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The chief executive of Exelon announced today his company was leaving the U.S. Chamber of Commerce , making it the third utility in a week to quit the group over the Chamber ’s opposition to climate legislation .
ADVERTISEMENT
The Chicago - based utility has been a major supporter of capping carbon dioxide emissions to address global warming .
CEO John Rowe announced this morning that Exelon would not renew its membership to the Chamber .
Previously , PG&E and PNM Resources announced they were quitting the Chamber over its opposition to the cap - and - trade climate bill being considered by Congress .
Two years into World War I , on January 16th of 1917 , the following coded telegram was sent by German Foreign Secretary Arthur Zimmermann ( via the German Ambassador in Washington ) to the German Ambassador in Mexico , Heinrich von Eckardt .
In it , Zimmermann told Eckardt to approach the President of Mexico with a view to forming a military alliance between his country and Germany , in return for financial support and assistance in reclaiming Texas , New Mexico and Arizona from the US .
En route to Mexico however , the telegram was intercepted by British intelligence , deciphered , and then cleverly leaked to the Americans , who at that point were neutral .
Mass outrage followed , and just a couple of months later the US joined the war .
The full story behind it is astonishing , and far too complex for the description above .
I recommend starting at Wikipedia should you wish to learn more about what is one of the most important and fascinating telegrams in history .
Below is the telegram , its transcript , the transcript decoded , and , finally , the decoded transcipt translated to English .
Transcript
WESTERN UNION
TELEGRAM via Galveston 130 13042 13401 8501 115 3528 416 17214 6491 11310
18147 18222 21560 10247 11518 23677 13605 3494 14936
98092 5905 11311 10392 10371 0302 21290 5161 39695
23571 17504 11269 18276 18101 0317 0228 17694 4473
23284 22200 19452 21589 67893 5569 13918 8958 12137
1333 4725 4458 5905 17166 13851 4458 17149 14471 6705
13850 12224 6929 14991 7382 15857 67893 14218 36477
5870 17553 67893 5870 5454 16102 15217 22801 17138
21001 17388 7446 23638 18222 6719 14331 15021 23845
3156 23552 22096 21604 4797 9497 22464 20855 4377
23610 18140 22260 5905 13347 20420 39689 13732 20667
6929 5275 18507 52262 1340 22049 13339 11265 22295
10439 14814 4178 6992 8784 7632 7357 6926 52262 11267
21100 21272 9346 9559 22464 15874 18502 18500 15857
2188 5376 7381 98092 16127 13486 9350 9220 76036 14219
5144 2831 17920 11347 17142 11264 7667 7762 15099 9110
10482 97556 3569 3670 BERNSTORFF
Charge German Embassy .
Decoded Message
WESTERN UNION
TELEGRAM via Galveston Nr. 130 , 13042 , Auswaertiges
Amt telegraphiert Januar 16 : No. 1 . Ganz geheim selbst zu entziffern .
Wir beabsichtigen am ersten Februar uneingeschraenkt U - Boot Krieg zu beginnen .
Es wird versucht werden , Vereinigte Staaten von Amerika trotzdem neutral zu erhalten .
Fuer den Fall , dass dies nicht gelingen sollte , schlagen wir Mexiko auf folgend Grundlage Buendnis vor .
Gemeinsam Krieg fuehren , Friedenschluss .
Reichliche finanziell Unterstuetzung und Einverstaendnis unsererseits , dass Mexiko in Texas , Neu Mexico , Arizona frueher verloren Gebiet zurueck erobern .
Regelung im einzelnen Euer Hochwohlgeborene ueberlassen .
Sie wollen vorstehendes dem Praesident streng geheim eroeffnen , sobald Kriegsausbruch mit Vereinigten Staaten feststeht und Anregung hinzufuegen , Japan von sich aus zu sofortig Beitrachtung einzuladen und gleichzeitig zwischen uns und Japan zu vermitteln .
Bitte den Praesident darauf hinweisen , dass ruecksichtlose Anwendung unserer U - Boote jetzt Aussicht bietet , England in wenigen Monaten zum Frieden zu zwingen .
Empfang bestaetigen .
Zimmermann .
BERNSTORFF Charge German Embassy .
Decoded , Translated Message
WESTERN UNION
TELEGRAM via Galveston Nr. 130 , 13042 , Foreign Office has telegraphed on 16 January , No. 1 . Strictly secret decode yourself .
We intend to begin unrestricted U - boat warfare on February first .
Effort will be made notwithstanding this to keep the United States neutral .
In the event that we should not be successful in this , we propose alliance to Mexico upon the following basis : to make war together ; make peace together ; generous financial support ; and agreement on our part that Mexico shall reconquer the formerly lost territory in Texas , New Mexico , Arizona .
Arrangement of details to be left to your honor .
You should disclose the foregoing to the President in strict secrecy as soon as outbreak of war with the United States is certain and add the proposal invite Japan to immediate spontaneous concurrent effort and at the same time use his good offices between us and Japan .
Please call the President ’s attention to the fact that the ruthless employment of our U - boats offers the prospect of forcing England in a few months to peace .
Acknowledge receipt .
Zimmermann .
BERNSTORFF Charge German Embassy .
Ed Cray and two friends were camping in the White River National Forest near Glenwood Springs when they heard a dog barking .
Later , the dog wandered into their campsite .
Seeing that she was very thin , the hunters fed her some of their leftover dinner .
While she wandered off back into the woods , the hunters worried about her and assumed she might have been abandoned .
Later in their trip , the dog , whom the hunters named Remy , came back and led the hunters to her den in the woods .
Under a fallen tree were five , plump , squirming puppies .
Even though they did n’t shoot any elk , Cray said this was a perfect hunting trip .
Read the rest of this report and see a video of the puppies at 9 News.com .
A month ago , Gen. Muhammad - Ali Aziz Jaafari , commander of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard , vowed to stop further antiregime demonstrations in Iran and break what he termed " this chain of conspiracies . "
But this week the " chain " appeared to be as strong as ever : Students across the nation defied the general and his political masters by organizing numerous demonstrations on and off campus .
The various opposition groups that constitute the pro-democracy movement have already called for another series of demonstrations on Dec. 27 , a holy day on the Muslim Shiite calendar .
Meanwhile , the official calendar of the Islamic Republic includes 22 days during which the regime organizes massive public demonstrations to flex its muscles .
Since the controversial presidential election last June , the pro-democracy movement , in a jujitsu - style move , has used the official days to undermine the regime .
On Jerusalem Day , Sept. 18 , officially intended to express anti-Semitism , the opposition showed that Iranians have no hostility toward Jews or Israel .
One popular slogan was " Neither Hamas nor Hezbollah !
I give my life for Iran ! "
Another was " Forget about Palestine !
Think about our Iran ! "
On Nov. 4 , the anniversary of the seizure of the U.S. embassy in Tehran in 1979 , the opposition distanced itself from the regime 's anti-American rhetoric .
The democrats instead expressed anger against Russia and China , which are perceived as allies of the Islamic Republic .
One slogan was " The Russian Embassy is a nest of spies ! "
Most significantly , the movement that started as a protest against the alleged rigging of the election that gave a second term to President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has been evolving .
The crowds ' initial slogan was " Where Is My Vote ? " and the movement 's accidental leaders , including former Prime Minister Mir Hossein Mousavi , tried hard to keep the protest confined to demands such as a recount of the votes and , ultimately , a runoff in accordance with the law .
ANALYSIS / OPINION :
Imagine if President Obama went to Oslo next week to receive his Nobel Peace Prize and was arrested for purported war crimes committed by U.S. forces in Afghanistan .
This bit of historical irony would be possible under an argument being made by Luis Moreno - Ocampo , chief prosecutor for the International Criminal Court in The Hague .
Mr. Ocampo claims jurisdiction over actions of U.S. troops in Afghanistan because Kabul in 2003 acceded to the Rome Statute , which established the court .
He said a preliminary examination already is under way regarding possible American culpability in crimes against humanity .
There are 110 ratified parties to the agreement , but of them , only Afghanistan has a major U.S. combat - force presence , and the United States does not recognize the treaty .
President Clinton signed the Rome Statute in December 2000 , but the Senate did not ratify the treaty , and Mr. Clinton ’s signature was nullified by President George W. Bush in May 2002 .
The Bush administration was concerned that the ICC would become a permanent arena for endless harassment of American military personnel and civilian leaders on trumped - up war - crimes charges .
But under Mr. Ocampo ’s logic , the court ’s jurisdiction would be determined by the nation in which foreign forces or personnel are stationed regardless of whether the forces ’ home country recognized the treaty .
The United States would have to face the music .
As early as September , Mr. Ocampo was investigating allegations of “ massive attacks , collateral damage exceeding what is considered proper , and torture ” conducted by coalition forces .
Those who believe that Mr. Ocampo only has a case against the previous administration should think again .
Several events have taken place under Mr. Obama ’s watch that could bring charges for war crimes .
On May 4 , American bombers killed as many as 147 Afghan civilians , 93 of them children , in an air strike in western Afghanistan that locals call the Farah Massacre .
On Sept. 4 , up to 90 civilians were killed by two 500 - pound bombs dropped by a U.S. F - 15 fighter on fuel trucks in Kunduz province that had been hijacked by the Taliban but were stuck in the mud .
About 500 civilians had gathered to help themselves to the fuel when the air strike hit .
Even the widespread use of unmanned drone aircraft to conduct strikes on terror targets is considered illegal activity in some quarters - and that is a program the Obama administration has openly endorsed and expanded .
The United States is well - equipped to defend itself against predatory moves by The Hague .
In August 2002 , Congress passed the American Service - Members ’ Protection Act to “ protect United States military personnel and other elected and appointed officials of the United States government against criminal prosecution by an international criminal court to which the United States is not party . ”
The act authorized the president to use “ all means necessary and appropriate to bring about the release of any U.S. or allied personnel being detained or imprisoned by , on behalf of or at the request of the International Criminal Court . ”
Presumably , this act authorizes the use of force should the ICC seek to force Americans to trial .
The Obama administration has thus far been largely sympathetic to the global court and its mission .
It endorsed Mr. Ocampo ’s move to indict Sudanese President Omar Hassan al - Bashir on genocide charges , and in August , Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton said it is “ a great regret , but it is a fact that we are not yet a signatory .
But we have supported the court and continue to do so . ”
We wonder if the United States would continue to support the court with the president in handcuffs .
Sign up for Daily Opinion Newsletter Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
The New York Times tells us that Obama ’s advisers are curling themselves around a strategy that will protect " about 10 population centers " in Afghanistan .
The debate is no longer over whether to send more troops but over how many more to send .
Obama has n’t made his mind up yet , the Times reports , but the story is a sanctioned leak , so you know he ’s pretty close to a decision .
This is a propaganda technique known as " desensitizing . "
By the time official word comes down the pike , we ’ll already be used to the idea and will have moved on to caring about something else .
The Times story comes on the heels of the news of the resignation of Matthew Hoh , a senior foreign service officer whose resignation letter said in part , " I feel that our strategies in Afghanistan are not pursing goals that are worthy of sacrificing our young men and women or spending the billions we ’re doing there .
I believe that the people we are fighting there are fighting us because we are occupying them — not for any ideological reasons , not because of any links to al - Qaeda , not because of any fundamental hatred toward the West .
The only reason they ’re fighting us is because we are occupying them . "
Lamentably , it looks like we ’re going to keep occupying them .
But then , we all knew that was going to happen .
Obama ca n’t back down from his " war of necessity " statement .
The right - wing press and the hawks in Congress would shoot his face off .
At first glimpse , the strategy being considered does n’t look bad .
We clear and hold and build in Kabul , Kandahar , Mazar - i- Sharif , Kunduz , Herat , Jalalabad and a few other village clusters ( according to unnamed official leakers ) .
From our bases of operations there , we strike remote pockets of Taliban with drones and special operations forces .
That ’s all very lovely , but it has problems .
However the runoff elections turn out , assuming they take place at all , Hamid Karzai will win because he handpicked the election officials .
We ’ll be backing one of the most corrupt governments on the planet .
As Maj. Gen. Michael T. Flynn , the senior American military intelligence official in Afghanistan told the Times , " If we are going to conduct a population - centric strategy in Afghanistan , and we are perceived as backing thugs , then we are just undermining ourselves . "
Another twist of the knot : it turns out that Karzai ’s brother , Ahmed Wali Karzai , a suspected major player in the Afghan opium trade , is on the C.I.A. ’s payroll .
The drug trade is the major source of funding for the Taliban .
The C.I.A. pays
Ahmed to recruit for an Afghan paramilitary force that operates in the vicinity of Kandahar , which is the first place new U.S. troops would be deployed .
Does it sound like anybody making decisions in this Boolean goat rope knows what they ’re doing ?
Syndicated columnist Gene Lyons asks the question " Why are we still in Afghanistan ? "
" One of the enduring oddities of the American foreign policy debate , " he writes , " is that asking the most obvious questions is all but forbidden .
For example , how does Afghanistan pose a threat to the United States ? "
It does n’t .
The 9/11 attacks were an aberration .
So many people in our internal security and law enforcement structure were asleep at the wheel that it ’s downright criminal .
An attack like 9/11 should n’t occur again .
Nobody in our Homeland Security apparatus wants to be the schmo who let it happen on his watch .
" Fighting them over there " has nothing to do with national security .
They do n’t have an air force or a navy that can get us over here .
As Lyons says , " Terrorists ca n’t defeat the United States ; they can only cause American politicians to self - destruct in fear of taking blame for future atrocities . "
That , unfortunately , is precisely why Obama is going along with this cockamamie escalation .
Imagine how Dick Cheney and the rest of the war banshees would wail if Obama stiff armed Gen.
Stanley McChrystal ’s escalation demand and somebody snuck through the Homeland Defense screen and blew up a school or a stadium or something .
Ouch !
Military pundit Ralph Peters is on the right side of the Afghanistan issue .
" Even if everything went perfectly in Afghanistan — which it wo n’t — the results would be virtually meaningless :
Our mortal enemies ( above all , al - Qaeda ) have dug in elsewhere , from Pakistan to Somalia , " he wrote recently in the New York Post .
" Our soldiers are dying for a fad , not for a strategy .
Our vaunted counterinsurgency doctrine is the military equivalent of hula hoops , pet rocks and Beanie Babies : an oddity that caught the Zeitgeist . "
Indeed , counterinsurgency ( COIN ) is the " it " strategy now , the Army ’s reason for being .
There wo n’t be any big tank battles in the Fulda gap .
COIN is the only kind of war left ; without it , there is no Long War .
Of course , if we do n’t need the Long War , we do n’t need to do COIN in Afghanistan .
And we do n’t need the Long War .
But it looks like we ’re going to get it .
A group of academic economists — including several Nobel Prize winners , leaders of respected economic journals and former Fed officials — is dialing up its call for lawmakers to drop plans to subject the Federal Reserve to more scrutiny by the Government Accountability Office , an investigative arm of Congress .
In a letter to leaders on the Senate Banking Committee and House Financial Services Committee , the economists say a bill proposed by Rep. Ron Paul ( R. , Tex . ) and Alan Grayson ( D. , Fla . ) to let the GAO review Fed monetary policy would do “ serious harm to the economy . ”
They warn increased congressional oversight would harm the Fed ’s independence and ability to fight inflation .
Mr. Paul has built a popular movement in part on his attacks against the Fed and won large support in the House for his bill .
Ben Bernanke , Fed chairman , has a growing body of academics on his side .
Some 270 economists have signed the letter , including Edward Prescott , Myron Scholes , Daniel McFadden , Fynn Kydland , Roger Myerson and Robert Engel , all Nobel winners .
The academics sent a similar letter to Congress in November , but are trying to dial up their campaign now that Mr. Paul ’s bill has been approved by the House Financial Services Committee .
Supporters of Mr. Paul argue that the organizers of the letter - writing campaign are too close to the Fed to be objective — some are former Fed officials or have served as advisers to the Fed .
Mr. Bernanke , a former academic , is also friends with many of them .
The academics say the charge is n’t fair .
“ Hundreds of people signed the petition and most have little , if any connection to the Federal Reserve , ” counters Anil Kashyap , a professor at the University of Chicago Booth Business School and a lead organizer of the campaign .
Signatories to the letter include some critics of Fed policy , such as Allan Meltzer , a Carnegie Mellon University professor .
Here ’s the text of the letter .
Here ’s the list of signatories .
Liberal bloggers are accusing Fox News of launching an Internet war against them in a campaign to selectively remove Fox clips from YouTube .
On Wednesday , YouTube shut down the popular News1 News channel , which featured news clips that many progressive bloggers and news sites would add to their stories .
On the rare occasion , Raw Story also embedded News1 News clips in stories having to do with media coverage .
The channel provided clips from all news networks , but often focused on Fox ’s controversial commentators .
ADVERTISEMENT
The decision to shut down News1 News came after Fox News issued 150 take - down notices to the channel , which they are entitled to do under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act , reports Adrian Chen at Gawker .
YouTube ’s policy is to shut down any accounts that receive three or more take - down notices , so News1 News was immediately pulled offline .
But Fox News ’ move appears to be limited to News1 News , while other YouTube channels — those viewed as having conservative leanings — remain untouched .
Chen points out that the Glenn Beck Daily Clips channel continues to operate , although it features 614 clips , as of last count , of Glenn Beck ’s Fox show .
The Conservative Nation channel , with close to 200 clips , is also still online .
Thus ,
Fox ’s move will mostly affect stories posted on progressive - leaning blogs , such as Gawker , the Huffington Post and Truthdig , while leaving intact YouTube clips embedded at conservative Web sites .
Instead of embedded video , visitors to those sites will now see a notice stating that the video in question is “ no longer available . ”
Queerty blog reported Friday that News1 News ’ creator , identified only as “ Jon , ” has experienced this before .
This past summer , Fox shut down his NewsPoliticsNews channel on similar copyright grounds , but the channel was reinstated after YouTube lawyers disagreed with Fox ’s basis for the take - down notice .
Jon reportedly told Queerty at the time that this “ will not happen again . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Queerty writes :
So why is this such a big deal ?
Because folks like Jon — private citizens who have the time to rip and upload videos — are crucial to this “ blogging ” thing we do all day long .
A single 30 - second clip that might otherwise disappear into the ether can live forever online , driving debate for at least a 24 - hour news cycle … .
Chen notes that “ what ’s surprising about this whole episode is n’t that Fox will use digital copyright law to fight back against its political opponents ; it ’s that the operators of these popular cable news - ripping YouTube channels are actually pretty important players in the blog game . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Think about it :
They not only get to select which cable news clips have the possibility of “ going viral ” and becoming news themselves , but if they ’re taken down , whole swaths of video - based blog posts become a lot of words surrounding a big empty space .
And [ Jon ] said that network bigwigs took enough notice when one of his MSNBC clips hit 500,000 views that VP of Digital Media , Mark Lukasiewicz , personally called him to say they had their eye on him .
Because there ’s no limit to how many YouTube accounts someone can create , Jon ’s news channel is now back online , under the name NewsPoliticsAmerica .
Bloggers will no doubt be watching closely to see if and when the channel is once again shut down .
Wacom Presents : Bring Your Vision to Life Contest
Jun 25 , 2009
The response to the Wacom 's Bring Your Vision to Life contest was truly awe - inspiring !
With over 9,500 submissions , it was deviantART 's most successful contest to date !
We want to give a big thank you to everyone who entered , as well as to our great judges from Wacom ( who had a very difficult job to do . )
Once again , we have been extremely impressed by the creativity and talent of the deviantART community .
We are proud to announce the following winners ( including Community Choice , chosen by YOU ! )
Let 's check out who 's getting their hands on a brand new Intuos4 !
* bjornik won : Wacom Intuos 4 , Medium Adobe Photoshop CS4
Admiral Mullen ’s spokesman , Capt .
John Kirby , said afterward that although the admiral wanted to move away from supplemental defense financing , there might be “ a need for another supplemental on the unique and current demands of dynamic operations in two theaters of war . ”
The White House had little comment on Admiral Mullen ’s remarks .
“ The president ’s budget provides a full - year funding for anticipated costs in Iraq and Afghanistan , and he has made clear his intent to fund these wars through the normal budgeting process , ” Tommy Vietor , a White House spokesman , said in an e-mail message .
“ No decisions have been made about additional costs related to new resource requests from the Department of Defense . ”
Although the size of any request would depend on the number of extra forces sent , Defense Department officials say they are likely to need more money even without a buildup .
Robert F. Hale , the Pentagon comptroller , recently told staff members of the House Appropriations Committee that it would be hard to get through September 2010 with $ 130 billion , regardless of a troop increase , said a Congressional staff member who did not want to be identified as discussing internal matters .
Mr. Hale declined to comment .
In March , Mr. Hale told the House Budget Committee that $ 130 billion would be enough for the year and that he did not expect to ask for more .
But he did caution that “ there may be significant unforeseen developments or changes in wartime strategy or tactics that cannot be addressed with existing resources . ”
Mr. Obama did include the $ 130 billion for the wars as part of his regular $ 668 billion defense budget this year , the first time that has happened since 2001 .
President George W. Bush regularly financed the wars with emergency requests that usually came after the Pentagon budget was introduced .
In April , before the current Pentagon budget was passed , the Obama administration asked Congress for approval of an emergency $ 83.4 billion to pay for the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan through Sept. 30 .
The administration said the money was needed because legislation passed during the Bush administration provided only enough money to pay for the wars through midyear .
Robert Gibbs , the White House press secretary , said at the time that the request was unavoidable and that it would be the last outside the normal budget process .
It ’s snowing heavily , and everyone in the backyard is in a swimsuit , at some kind of party : Mom , Dad , the high school principal , there ’s even an ex-girlfriend .
And is that Elvis , over by the piñata ?
Uh-oh .
Dreams are so rich and have such an authentic feeling that scientists have long assumed they must have a crucial psychological purpose .
To Freud , dreaming provided a playground for the unconscious mind ; to Jung , it was a stage where the psyche ’s archetypes acted out primal themes .
Newer theories hold that dreams help the brain to consolidate emotional memories or to work though current problems , like divorce and work frustrations .
Yet what if the primary purpose of dreaming is n’t psychological at all ?
In a paper published last month in the journal Nature Reviews Neuroscience , Dr. J. Allan Hobson , a psychiatrist and longtime sleep researcher at Harvard , argues that the main function of rapid - eye - movement sleep , or REM , when most dreaming occurs , is physiological .
The brain is warming its circuits , anticipating the sights and sounds and emotions of waking .
“ It helps explain a lot of things , like why people forget so many dreams , ” Dr. Hobson said in an interview .
“ It ’s like jogging ; the body does n’t remember every step , but it knows it has exercised .
It has been tuned up .
It ’s the same idea here : dreams are tuning the mind for conscious awareness . ”
NEW YORK ( Fortune ) --
It 's probably cold comfort , but Goldman Sachs could n't have done it without your help .
The New York - based investment firm turned another eye - popping profit Thursday , earning $ 3.2 billion in the third quarter , as revenue from trading rose fourfold from a year ago .
As Wall Street firms typically do , Goldman set almost half that sum aside to compensate its workers .
Through the first nine months of 2009 , the firm socked away $ 16.7 billion , enough to pay the average Goldmanite $ 526,814 .
The bonus pool is on pace to hit $ 21 billion for 2009 , which would match the record bonus payout of 2007 .
Goldman said it wo n't decide the size of the bonus pool till year - end .
In any case , the payments will be substantial -- and will come just one year after huge sums of taxpayer dollars were funneled to financial institutions .
Critics charge that the lion 's share of Goldman 's profits comes from making big bets using cheap dollars printed by the Federal Reserve .
Plus , given the crisis that followed the failure of Lehman Brothers , there 's a sense that government officials wo n't let big firms go bust .
That in effect gives too - big - to - fail firms a license to bet the house .
" This is almost an ' in your face ' kind of setup here , " said Michael Panzner , a Wall Street veteran who blogs at financialarmageddon.com and who wrote a 2007 book predicting economic disaster .
" They 're rolling the dice , and so far they 're winning , " said Panzner .
Goldman denies that it is taking on too much risk and leaning on the government for support .
" We do n't operate the company that way , " said financial chief David Viniar in response to a question on Thursday morning 's Goldman media call .
" We stand on our two feet as a financial institution .
None of our bondholders has ever talked to us about " an implicit government backstop .
And , of course , Goldman ( GS , Fortune 500 ) looks like a paragon of virtue compared to many of its peers in the financial sector .
Unlike Citi ( C , Fortune 500 ) and Merrill Lynch , for instance , Goldman never paid out billions of dollars in bonuses while losing huge sums of money .
Even last year , when the firm took big writedowns and posted its first quarterly loss as a public company , Goldman managed to stay profitable .
Goldman repaid its $ 10 billion Troubled Asset Relief Program ( TARP ) debt with interest this past spring .
And in contrast to the likes of Lehman Brothers , which dithered while it could have saved itself , Goldman raised $ 11 billion in capital over the past year , including a preferred stock sale on Warren Buffett 's tough terms .
Still , there 's no denying Goldman has had a lot of help .
It was one of the nine big banks that received loans from Treasury last fall .
It received $ 13 billion in the costly , widely questioned September 2008 rescue of insurer AIG ( AIG , Fortune 500 ) .
It has sold $ 22 billion in federally guaranteed debt under a plan the feds started to restore capital markets activity .
And it has been a major beneficiary of the low interest rates the government has adopted in hopes of restarting the economy .
Of course , Goldman was n't the only beneficiary of those moves , but it has certainly been among the most nimble in cleaning up .
That has attracted the attention of investors .
" There 's a perfect storm of arguments against paying that much , " said Tim Smith , a senior vice president at Walden Asset Management , a $ 4 billion Boston - based asset manager focusing on socially responsible investments .
He notes that Walden , which owns a small amount of Goldman stock , sponsored a resolution last year calling for Goldman to allow investors to advise the firm on compensation practices .
The measure failed , but it did score a 46 % vote , Smith said .
He is hopeful that a similar resolution this year will pass .
" There are many faces to this discussion , " Smith said , " but the outrage over the bonuses is going to be focused on the larger context , with foreclosures and job losses . "
While Goldman churned out $ 3 billion in profits in the third quarter , the economy shed 768,000 jobs , and home foreclosures set a new record .
More than a million Americans have filed for bankruptcy this year , according to the American Bankruptcy Institute .
A September survey of state finances by the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities think tank found that state governments faced a collective $ 168 billion budget shortfall for fiscal 2010 .
Goldman , by contrast , is sitting on $ 167 billion in cash , in the name of making sure it can withstand another market meltdown if that day comes .
Goldman was guarded in its assessment of the future -- Viniar said he has seen signs markets have stabilized without necessarily improving .
But Panzner believes many Americans have been caught up in the massive stock market rally .
On the next downturn , he said , they could be left nursing huge losses again .
Meanwhile , Washington has made little progress in recasting a financial system that only a year ago was on the verge of collapse .
" We need to be mindful about the dangers of complacency , " said Doug Hamilton , deputy director of the Pew Economic Policy Group .
" We ca n't go back to the old way of doing business . "
Pictured : Josie Romero , the eight - year - old ' sex change girl ' who was born a boy
Josie Romero loves the colour pink , braiding her hair and having her fingernails painted .
But life has not always been easy for this sweet and charming eight - year - old , who was born in the body of a boy .
The transgender youngster , then called Joseph , knew at the age of four that she was the wrong sex and even told her parents : ' I am really a girl . '
At five , she was refusing to have her hair cut and only wore colours like orange which were nearest to girly pink .
Girly : Josie Romero has always insisted she is a girl and loves playing with dolls
By the time she reached six , Josie had been diagnosed as transgender and was beginning her transition to becoming a female .
Mother Venessia , 42 , said : ' When she was a toddler , she was always trying to turn her boy toys into girl toys .
' She used to take her army figures , wrap them up and rock them like a baby .
' As she grew older and started to talk , she always said : " I 'm a girl " .
' We used to correct her and say : " No you 're a boy " .
' But by the time she was four , she was insisting : " No I really am a girl " .
' We started to realise she was n't just playing .
She would always correct anyone who called her a boy .
' She 'd wrap one of my scarves around her waist to make a skirt .
It was her favourite game . '
Venessia and her husband Joseph , 42 , an airforce engineer , from Vail , Arizona , made the brave decision to tell their daughter 's story to help other parents of transexual youngsters .
Venessia said : ' When Josie was four we adopted a two - year - old girl , Jade , from China because we lived in Japan at the time and wanted to help a child in need .
One of the girls : Josie , aged five - and - a - half loved dressing up in pink clothes with sister Jade
' We were a worried Josie would jealous of a new sibling , but she was so excited to have a sister .
They loved playing together and there were even more girls toys around .
' We 'd accepted Josie was a bit different and after about six months something clicked and I thought : ' Oh , we have a gay boy ' .
' We were totally fine with having a gay boy .
We thought : " As long as our child is happy " everything will be fine . '
' She looked kind of androgenous by the time she was five and people would always ask if we had a girl or a boy , ' said Venessia .
It was Josie 's paediatrician who finally brought the situation into the open .
' I think he worked it out because of various things Josie had said over a couple of years , ' said Venessia .
' He just said to me : ' Look up the word transgender ' .
' I went home and started looking up transgender on the internet .
' At first the only sites I found were medical ones and websites talking about adults .
' But eventually we did find out that there were other children who thought they were born as the wrong sex .
Before the change : Pictured here as Joseph , with adopted sister Jade
' We discovered a site called Transgender Youth Family Allies where there were 100 children who were all going through the same thing as Josie . '
Venessia started giving Josie options about how she wanted to live .
' I bought some girls clothes and put them in one side of her wardrobe , ' she said .
' All her boys clothes were in the other half .
' Each morning she was free to choose what she wanted to wear - but she always chose girls clothes . '
Josie was referred to a gender specialist who confirmed the diagnosis and the family began accepting Josie as a real girl .
Venessia said : ' It was definitely hardest for my husband , because he felt like he had lost a son .
' Joseph used to spend time with Joey doing things like jogging and swimming .
' But he could do those the same with Josie as a girl . '
Joseph said : ' At first I denied it .
Then , after reality kicked in , I deeply mourned the loss of my son . '
But he added : ' We had a family photo shoot where Josie dressed up like a princess , with a butterfly in her hair and gloss on her lips .
' I forced a smile onto my face hoping she'd be content with my effort .
Josie 's own face lit up in response , and a sparkle I had n't seen in so many months was back in her eyes .
I made the connection with her then , for the first time , knowing I had gained a daughter .
' After the first few pictures , both Josie and I were wearing genuine smiles and laughing out loud . '
Family support : Josie and Jade pictured with their father Joseph and mother Venessia
But unfortunately other people in the fiercely conservative environment of the American military base , where the family lived in Japan , were less accepting of Josie and picketed outside her school gates .
' It was horrible for Josie and for all of us , ' said Venessia .
' I know it affected her although we tried to protect her from it .
' When we returned to the States last year we arranged for counselling for Josie to help deal with what she 's been through , as well as for her transition . '
Now , in a few weeks '
Josie will see her doctor to find out more about puberty blockers , drugs which will prevent her starting male adolescence .
Then , when she reaches the age of 12 , she will be given female hormones containing oestrogen .
Josie also understands that she will need to have surgery when she is an adult in order to become a full woman .
Her case has already been referred to Dr Norman Spack at Boston Children 's Hospital a top specialist in transgender children .
Josie said : ' I am happy that everyone knows I am a real girl , and that I do n't have to pretend to be a boy anymore .
' Being a girl is nice because I get to bake and cook in the kitchem wear long hair and earrings . '
By the time Josie 's family moved back to Arizona last year she had been legally accepted as a female .
Her birth certificate , passport and even her social security number were changed to show her completely as a girl .
Venessia said : ' Unfortunately the local school barred us from enrolling Josie , so we made the decision to home school both girls , which is very rewarding .
' We 're bringing them up in a very happy protected environment .
' Maybe when the girls are older they will be able to go to high school , but that is still a few years away . '
Josie is a spokesperson for transgender children and gives talks to other groups in Arizona .
Her mum said : ' Josie is very happy to speak about being a transgender child .
' We feel that by being open about her experiences , it will help other parents and children still coming to terms with their gender .
' The most important thing is to love your child unconditionally .
' Whatever happens you still have a daughter , or a son , who needs you to be there for them . '
Josie and her family are one of several families featured in a new BodyShock documentary .
Age 8 and wanting a Sex Change will be shown on Channel 4 at 9 pm on Monday October 19 .
To celebrate , a revamped Carter Museum , opened at the Carter Center in Atlanta :
http://www.google.com/...
In 1976 , as a 17 year old I worked in four states for the Carter Campaign .
While I was disappointed with the turn of events at times during his presidency I 've ALWAYS , I mean always , been proud to have played a small role in the election of this great man who has done us proud for so long .
In office , Carter presided over the Camp David accords , fought at great political cost for the Panama Canal treaties , SALT II and added more acres of national parkland , mostly in Alaska , than any other President .
Most of all , if we had listened to President Carter and adopted a sane and forward looking energy policy we would not face , today , the problem of global warming on the same magnitude and would not be fighting foreign wars partly because of our dependence on imported oil -- and would n't that be great for the economy too .
Mrs. Roselyn Carter deserves our thanks too , especially for her lifelong commitment to fight mental illness .
Back in the 1970's she was berated for attending cabinet meetings and the fact that she was interested in more than fashion and social life .
Roselyn Carter has helped blaze the trail on which so many other women have followed .
Happy Birthday Mr. President .
May there be many more and thank you for truth telling , peace making , disease fighting and for being a racial healer .
Every day you inspire Americans and everyone in the world .
Wish President Carter a Happy Birthday below or , better yet , send him a note :
Jimmy Carter
The Carter Center
1 Copenhill Rd .
Atlanta , GA 30307
A new series of essays traces the astounding variety of reactions to the theory of evolution .
The public reception of scientific ideas depends largely on two factors : people 's ability to grasp factual information and the cultural lens through which that information is filtered .
The former is what scientists tend to focus on when they give popular accounts of issues such as climate change .
The assumption is that if they explain things very , very clearly , everyone will understand .
Unfortunately , this is an uphill battle .
The general public 's average capacity to weigh facts and numbers is notoriously poor — although there is encouraging evidence that probabilistic reasoning can be improved by targeted education early in life ( see page 1189 ) .
Even more crucial , however , are the effects of the cultural lens .
Over the coming month , Nature 's Opinion pages will explore particularly vivid examples of these effects in the world 's widely divergent reactions to Charles Darwin 's ideas about evolution in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries ( see page 1200 ) .
In England , for example , the Church reacted badly to Darwin 's theory , going so far as to say that to believe it was to imperil your soul .
But the notion that Darwin 's ideas ' killed '
God and were a threat to religion was by no means the universal response in the nineteenth century .
Darwin's theory reached the world at a time when many people were looking for explanations for social , political and racial inequalities , and in many parts of the world were wondering how to improve their lot in the face of Europe 's global imperialism .
So from Egypt to India , China and Japan , many religious scholars embraced Darwin 's ideas , often showing how their own schools of thought had anticipated the notion of evolution .
Against the threat of Western imperialism and Western charges of ' backwardness ' , it was to their advantage to highlight the rationality of their creed .
In China , Darwin 's ideas were seen as supporting Confucians ' belief in the perfectibility of the cosmic order .
Evolutionary theory also became fodder for political movements of revolution and reform , and eventually laid the groundwork for communism .
Latin American politicians initially reacted to Darwin 's ideas by attempting to entice white Europeans to emigrate and intermarry with local populations , believing that this would ' improve the stock ' .
But after two world wars had made European culture look less impressive , Latin America began to see its racial diversity as an advantage , and moved towards a social view that favoured a homogeneous blend of cultures .
In nineteenth - century Russia , meanwhile , a tendency to distrust rabid , dog - eat - dog capitalism helped incline naturalists away from a view of evolution that emphasized competition between species .
Instead they embraced a ' theory of mutual aid ' , an account that focused on the role of cooperation in ensuring survival in a harsh environment .
The lesson for today 's scientists and policy - makers is simple : they cannot assume that a public presented with ' the facts ' will come to the same conclusion as themselves .
They must take value systems , cultural backdrops and local knowledge gaps into account and frame their arguments accordingly .
Such approaches will be crucial in facing current global challenges , from recessions to pandemics and climate change .
These issues will be perceived and dealt with differently by different nations — not because they misunderstand , but because their understanding is in part locally dependent .
Darwin once said : “ But then with me the horrid doubt always arises whether the convictions of man 's mind , which has been developed from the mind of the lower animals , are of any value or at all trustworthy . ”
Researchers and policy - makers would do well to mimic his humility when presenting science , and remember how people 's minds truly work .
Rights and permissions Reprints and Permissions
Former comedian Al Franken is better known these days as the unabashedly liberal junior senator from Minnesota .
When Franken refused on Thursday to consent to Sen. Joe Lieberman ( I - CT ) running over his allotted time for a statement on health care reform , liberal blogs like Firedoglake were quick to cheer the “ glorious moment . ”
From the conservative point of view , however , Franken is an upstart who is ignorant of the hallowed customs of the Senate and needs to be taken to the woodshed and taught his place .
ADVERTISEMENT
Michelle Malkin condescendingly described the episode as “ Franken ’s little snit fit , ” and the hosts of Fox & Friends were equally dismissive of what Steve Doocy called Franken ’s “ snippy exchange ” with Lieberman .
“ He ’s an angry comedian , ” Brian Kilmeade complained , ” and now he ’s an angry senator from Minnesota with a gavel . ”
“ Maybe there ’s a new trend of people getting into politics , newbie politicians that do n’t know exactly the protocol , ” Gretchen Carlson suggested , assuming her best schoolmarm manner .
“ Maybe he will learn after being chastised by Senator McCain . ”
“ He needs somebody in his own party that has power over him to say , ‘ Al , you ’re embarrassing us , ' ” Kilmeade offered as an alternative .
“ You may not agree with Joe Lieberman , but he ’s a kind — he ’s a very upstanding person .
He should not be treated like that , I do n’t care what his position is on anything . ”
“ It ’s very uncivil , ” Doocy agreed . ,
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from Fox News ’ Fox & Friends , broadcast Dec. 18 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Undercover anti-abortion activist Lila Rose has struck again , this time with a video supposedly exposing Planned Parenthood 's malfeasance .
What it actually exposes : the anti-choice movement 's smear tactics .
The undercover video , organized by the group Live Action , of which Lila Rose is president , and posted on Michelle Malkin 's blog , purports to catch Planned Parenthood employees in a variety of lies .
Below , we break down some of Live Action 's claims .
Advertisement
Claim 1 : Planned Parenthood lied about the distinction between a fetus and a baby .
Abby Johnson , the Planned Parenthood director - turned - anti-abortion activist , says , " Planned Parenthood really tries to instill in their employees and the women that are coming in for abortions that this is not a baby . "
Obviously , the fetus / baby distinction is a key part of the abortion debate .
A Planned Parenthood doctor does appear to muddy the waters a bit when he says on camera that a fetus becomes a baby " when you 're like seven months pregnant or so .
Six , seven months pregnant . "
This does indeed sound arbitrary and confusing .
Another Planned Parenthood employee gives a better response :
A fetus is what 's in the uterus right now .
That 's not a baby .
A baby is what 's born at forty weeks .
Advertisement
No matter what you believe about abortion , " fetus " is the correct medical term for the developmental stage between embryo and birth .
If anti-abortion activists do n't want to use it , that 's up to them — but it 's not a lie .
Claim 2 : Planned Parenthood misled women about the risks of abortion .
The video shows the Planned Parenthood doctor telling his patient that an abortion at around ten weeks is " very , very safe .
Safer than having a baby , actually . "
Michelle Malkin calls this " abortion - first ' counseling ' by a " ghoulish abortionist . "
Here 's the most recent data : in 2002 , the CDC recorded 9 deaths out of 845,573 abortions .
That 's a little over 1 in 100,000 .
Also in 2002 , the CDC recorded 8.9 maternal deaths for every 100,000 live births .
So , at least in 2002 , carrying a child to term was about 9 times more dangerous than having an abortion .
Of course , we might be able to reduce maternal mortality if we implemented the " Demcare " Michelle Malkin hates so much .
But for now , the idea that abortion is safer than having a baby is n't " abortion - first " rhetoric — it 's the truth .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Claim 3 : Abortion is an industry designed to help organizations like Planned Parenthood make money .
In the video , Abby Johnson says Planned Parenthood is " really trying to increase their abortion numbers because that is the most lucrative part of their business . "
This claim is common — back in 2008 , an ad for Republican Senate contender Steve Pearce called Planned Parenthood " a billion - dollar abortion business . "
Here 's what FactCheck.org has to say about that :
That 's misleading .
Planned Parenthood is a nonprofit organization with gross revenues of nearly a billion dollars , but abortions account for a small fraction of the services it provides – 3 percent in 2006 , according to the group 's annual report .
Advertisement
It 's important to reiterate that Planned Parenthood is a nonprofit , so nobody 's getting rich off the abortions it provides .
And especially in the wake of Dr. Tiller 's murder , you 'd have to be crazy to become an abortion provider for the money .
The occupation is n't particularly lucrative , especially given the constant risk of social stigma , property damage , psychological trauma from dealing with protesters , and even death .
But of course , Lila Rose and Michelle Malkin are n't interested in portraying the difficulties faced by those who continue to offer women reproductive choices despite mounting obstacles .
They 're interested in demonizing those people — even if they have to stretch the truth to do it .
Predators Of Planned Parenthood , Pt. 99,997 [ Michelle Malkin ]
Toronto Emergency Locksmith Services You Can Trust Upon
Situation of a house or office place lock out can happen to anyone and at any point of life .
But in case of emergencies , you just cannot wait for the problem to get solved with DIY tricks .
You need professionals to serve you .
Call for 24 Hour Emergency Locksmith in Toronto and we will offer you immediate services .
We will be there for you to get the locks opened in the least possible time .
We have a team of experienced technicians who are versed with the modern techniques of serving such needs .
They also have the required locksmithing tools to cater to all kinds of such locksmith emergencies .
Residential Locksmith Toronto
We are here to serve your homes at all time of day or night whenever you need us in Greater Toronto Area .
Request immediate services with us !
Commercial Locksmith
The time you find your office locked out and the keys are left inside is no less than an emergency .
You may be losing your work productivity for as long as the situation is not served by professionals .
We are dedicated to serve such needs with quickest possible commercial locksmith services in Toronto .
We serve business security needs 24/7 !
Leading Locksmith Service Provider in Toronto
The populated city of Toronto is known for being a center of finance , arts , culture and business .
Toronto is the most populated city in Canada , making it one of the most desired placed to live and visit .
In such a city , situations where professional locksmith services are needed can happen at any time .
Our local Toronto locksmith experts will take extra care to serve each and every client .
We also make sure the new hardware installation process is done properly for the safety of your property .
Even for the complicated locksmith needs , we have the experience and tools to offer professional locksmith services .
Contact us right away !
CRST Sexual Harassment Case
I am disturbed but glad at the same time that some women are coming forward to speak about what is happening in the trucking industry to female students .
The 35 cases of sexual harrassment at CRST is just the tip of the iceberg but the tenacity to keep the story under wraps is precisely why I wrote my student trucker story on “ Ask the Trucker ” .
People outside the trucking community who have read my story “ A Day in the Life of a Lady Trucker ” have been shocked , while people inside the trucking community can ussually add 10 - 15 chapters of horror story material of their own .
When I see organizations trying to constantly demonize truckers it aggravates me because it ’s the INDUSTRY of Trucking they should be focused on .
The professional drivers they have under the microscope are the WRONG target !
It is the Industry who has permmitted and cultivated the unsafe conditions that the drivers are required to work in .
The manner it is done is to leave drivers “ holding the bag ” when tragedy occurs .
Now what is happening is that that Women are entering Trucking in greater numbers because some people are benifiting from recruiting them .
I ’ve recently been written to by Women who were encouraged by “ Workforce Investment Act ” Vouchers and Unemployment Workers who seem to work in conjunction with Trucking recruitment entities and organizations .
What is happening to many Women which before went mostly unreported has spurned The CRST Sexual Harrassment Case which began with a staggering 265 females who reported abuse at this single company .
It is an extrodinary number that was later discredited down to 35 cases .
I am certain many more women and men would come forward from the CDL Mill training facilities if this story got a little more press .
Seems like someone wants it hushed up .
In fact , many terminals of these big truck training schools seem to have a very unusual way to keep certain websites blocked so that drivers cannot get information from the internet while on their property .
I ’m hearing this from drivers at many companies
It takes very little research on the internet to locate politcal affiliations these days .
As it turns out the VP of Human Resources or as I like to call it since I came to Trucking , INHUMANE RESOURCES , is running for Mayor of Cedar Rapids , Iowa .
Now I ’m sure he is a wonderful man because everyone I have met in HR since I came to Trucking so far is just about the nicest bunch of folks you ever wanna shake hands with BUT are they doing anything ?
I found they do not .
In fact , my conclusions are that HR Trucking Personnel are about as close to a Criminal Defense Team as I ever wanna get .
A perfect preliminary job for Politics in my opinion .
I hope I never get to a point in my life that my career is so important that I would actively try to cover harm that has been done to another human being !
This is an Industry Wide Failure that came about from GREED !
It is not isolated to CRST by any means .
It is not only Women who have been raped , beaten and left abandoned .
But honestly do you have any idea how hard it is to come forward and talk about this publically ?
That is exactly why these women took so long .
They were lied to like I was .
They were told by a smiling , handshaking liar that “ Something is being done ” when NOTHING was being done !
EXCEPT , that the Statute of Limitations to file a Complaint was whittling away .
As a student you are in a catch 22 , no one will hire you without experience and because of the DAC reporting system which is another scandal left to be uncovered you have your future hanging in the balance should you decide to make a complaint .
I believe that Lily Ledbetter was also told she waitied to long to file a complaint .
I ’m sure glad she did n’t take no for an answer , she inspired me to start writing my story along with other “ Loose Cannon ’s ” who were called whiner ’s , troublemakers and radical feminists because they demanded to be treated like human beings .
The other side of the coin is : W hy are so many inappropriate students put behind the wheel of big rigs without proper guidance which is what the article by a former trainer discusses in “ Hostile Training Environment “ ?
Umm !
Guess .. go on , take a wild guess ….
Government Incentives to train Women and also to bring former Felons into to Workforce is part of the problem but a sheer lack of guidance is the biggest component of this problem .
These companies are so hungry for Government Incentives & Subsidies that they throw people on the road
In TEAMS no less with little driving skill and less skill in conducting themselves in public .
A Gentleman I recently spoke to from my own company came up to talk to me a few weeks ago while we were at a shipping facility awaiting to have our trailers loded with bottled water .
The topic of “ teaming ” during a Student ’s Training came about .
This is what he said to me : “ I am a Gentleman , I know how to conduct myself and treat a Woman with the respect she deserves but if you force me to live on a truck with her in this situation , even I say and do things that I am embarrssed of later ! ,
It ’s just unnatural , It ’s Nature ! ”
Companies like these who are trying to EEK out every penny by manipulating people with lies , tricking them with their endless “ Nickle & Dime Schemes ” to make money off drivers who recieve such little income have succumbed to the lowest form of bottom feeders with the way they have let the NEW demographic of WOMEN be Sexually Harrassed and Violated .
The Harrassment is done to all the drivers , it ’s just being a Woman we get labeled .
Do your Research , this Company is legendary .
Here is a link to the “ Ripoff - Report ” from other CRST Drivers who are simply harrassed .
“ Rip Off Report on CRST ”
The original CRST Story was written by the Cedar Rapids Gazette by David DeWitte I believe he has done followups but oddly these reports have not traveled mainstream as they should .
Maybe Twitter can Help ?
My Reach is about 133,000 and counting ….
The Trucking Industry I believe is now positioning itself to utilize another new demographic , not just work visa student truckers but returning veterans from our armend forces .
This bothers me because many of these young people will return with PTSD .
They do not deserve to be further tormented by a system built in trucking to provoke less fortunate people who move America ’s freight .
Contrary to popular belief , drinking until we can’t feel things is n’t the only way we get into the Holiday Spirit here at Gaming Dead , well at least not this year !
We ’ve teamed up with Arcen Games to offer up five copies of their ever - growing RTS title AI War : Fleet Command and its upcoming expansion The Zenith Remnant ( a $ 30 value ) to five lucky readers .
Throwing your name into the hat is really easy , simply join our Facebook fan page and / or follow us on Twitter and you ’ll be entered to win a copy of both the core game and the expansion .
If you do both you ’ll double your chance to win .
Read on for rules and details .
We will be choosing and contacting five people from our Facebook / Twitter followers who will receive their prize of AI War and its expansion .
If a winner refuses or does n’t respond then an alternate will be selected and contacted .
This will be the first of hopefully many contests / giveaways here at Gaming Dead , so stay tuned for other offerings down the road .
Facebook
Twitter
Other Rules :
Only one account entry per person per site .
We will check .
Again , one Twitter and one Facebook is fine .
U.S. residents only .
Apologies to those living outside the U.S. but rules and regulations limit us to keeping it stateside .
Real Facebook ’s and Twitters only please .
You can only win one time per contest .
Winners will be chosen at random one week from today on December 21 .
Best of luck to all who enter !
Few would disagree that our season has n’t exactly gone to plan , and following last year ’s barnstorming late push for the title , fans can be forgiven for being disappointed , despondent or just generally p*ssed off about our performances over the last few months .
Whether you blame Rafa , the players or bad luck it ’s very difficult to accept the fact that entering the Christmas period , our main aim is to claim a spot in the top four .
Results have polarised the majority of supporters into rival factions .
Where the ‘ knee - jerk ’ gang cries for Rafa ’s head , others call for loyalty and solidarity , and for most it ’s becoming increasingly difficult to sit on the fence .
As always at TIA we try to take an even - handed approach to analysis and as such I ’ve compiled the ‘ top ten ’ reasons why , in my opinion , our team has n’t clicked so far this season .
Some may seem obvious , some overly critical , some overly forgiving , but as always we welcome discussion so feel free to post your views in the comments section below .
Injuries and confidence
Let ’s start with the obvious .
Nobody could quite have anticipated the injuries to key players we ’ve had to deal with this season , and while it ’s true that all teams must cope if they expect to challenge for the title , the simple truth is that we ’re not prepared to do so .
This is partly due to the extremity of the situation but largely down to a lack of funds .
Fans argue that money could have been better spent , and some of this criticism may be justified , but the fact that we missed out on quality defensive cover to Sunderland because we only had £ 2 m left to spend in the summer should say it all .
The season started off to a bit of a shocker against Spurs as Carra and Skrtel clashed in our opening game , which had a visible effect on the team in a tricky opening fixture that we were no doubt fired - up for following our strong finish last season .
Sadly this was to be the shape of things to come , and a series of unfortunate , unsettling injuries to key players has made it extremely difficult for a solid first - eleven to build up a head of steam and vital confidence at any point during the season .
We ’re still struggling , and with Stevie looking a little lacklustre following his return from injury , there are too few guiding lights in our team at present .
This brings us to :
Lack of leadership
There have n’t been nearly enough players in our first team capable of providing a moment of inspiration during difficult times and pulling the team up by the bootlaces .
Gerrard pretty much defines this role , but is clearly far from his best at the moment and looks a little lost without his strike partner in tow .
Looking around the pitch , many players are too young or too ineffectual in this light and often it seems that key performers who are capable of a big of magic now and again ( Benayoun , Johnson ) are searching earnestly for support where there is none .
Alonso provided that last season with his calm , assured play , and when Gerrard , Torres and Aqua - man ( provided he lives up to his billing ) are fully fit we ’ll have more than enough .
For the time being though , we ’re desperately short on options in terms of creativity and inspiration .
Our front line
Much has been said about the lack of a quality backup to Torres , and as impressive as Ngog has been this season he cannot ( and should not ) be relied upon as the main goal threat at his tender age .
Many fans , wrongly I believe , criticise Rafa for ‘ selling ’ Keane , Crouch , Bellamy etc. when the players clearly illustrated that they did n’t have the right attitude and / or were n’t willing to sit on the bench .
Other teams keep players happy by paying them exorbitant wages , which we ca n’t afford to do , but our biggest problem is that our two most undroppable players ( when fit ) occupy the front two spots .
This leaves us attempting to pick up a cheap , young , unproven prospect ( NGog ) , or an aging star ( Van- Nistlerooy , for example ) , neither of which can guarantee to be an able deputy to Torres and in the case of the latter ( with the World Cup coming up ) may not be happy to sit on the bench .
Could anyone who criticises Rafa for this name many strikers that would cost no more than £ 5 m AND be willing to sit on the bench for ( potentially ) the vast majority of the season ?
Following the final months of last season , there can be little doubt that with a fully fit squad , the Gerrard - Torres partnership is unbreakable , which puts the manager in an extremely difficult situation when trying to entice quality replacements on a limited budget .
Our midfield
Since my previous criticism of Lucas , he has improved dramatically over the last few months and has contributed to many of our best performances .
However , there ’s no escaping the fact that with him and Mascha in our midfield we are desperately short of creativity through the middle .
Neither of them have a knack for picking out a killer pass , neither of them are known for scoring from distance , and neither have a great passing range .
Two ‘ battlers ’ in the center means we ’re desperately short of service to the front men in our preferred passing game , something which has been exacerbated by injuries to the two players in our team who are capable of making something out of nothing .
We ’re all hoping that Aquilani will be this man when he is fit , but Rafa ’s undoubted fondness for Lucas suggests that he may try to cram the three of them into midfield , which I think would be a mistake .
Our defence
The old zonal - marking argument has been rampant again this season , and this is in no small part down to the cackling monkey at Sky Sports and his bald - headed trainer .
The frequency at which Richard Keys raises this subject is frightening , and the lack of objectivity in praising the system when it works is synonymous with modern one - eyed punditry .
The real reason why we are looking so ‘ shaky ’ at the back this season should be far more obvious – we ’ve had 11 different defenders start for us across the back line and with Johnson bedding in ( very nicely I ’ll add ) , a stable back four is essential if we are to maintain our excellent defensive record .
This has n’t been possible , and combined with a lack of height at times we ’ve been exposed far more frequently .
Hopefully with Agger back fit alongside Carra we can re-establish our dominance in this area , and three clean sheets in a row is testament to this .
Expectations
Expectations of both fans and players following last season were effectively sky - high , and though this can breed confidence , ( bordering on arrogance – one of the biggest reasons Chelsea and the Mancs tend to ride ‘ storms ’ so well ) when things are going well , it can feel like a hammer blow when the proverbial sh*t hits the fan .
There ’s no doubt we ’ve been mopping up quite a lot of it this season , and other key factors such as a lack of leadership or inspiration means we ’re only left with ‘ working hard ’ , as Rafa puts it , in order to put things right .
There are very few performances this season where we can accuse players of not trying , but this has too often resorted in the old ‘ headless chicken ’ approach that runs the risk of leaving you exposed at the back .
Expectations are part and parcel of the game for a club like Liverpool , but when it gets to the point of being damaging and catalysing sweeping decisions as to the abilities of the manager or certain players , it ’s important to put things in context .
The much lauded book Socceronomics , which is explained and summarised with clarity in relation to our club by LFC analyst Paul Tomkins , explains exactly why some people ’s expectations for this season may have been unrealistic ( at least statistically ) , and any fan crowing for the manager ’s head should first apply logic to the situation before they come to any rash conclusions .
Lack of funds
Often seen as an excuse by some fans ( and most rivals ) , some shockingly inaccurate figures have been banded around illustrating how much Rafa has spent ( read ‘ wasted ’ ) and how little quality he ’s brought in .
This is old ground to an extent , and has been covered extensively by Tomkins , among others , but the fact remains that Rafa has missed out on many of his first - choice targets due to a lack of funds , had nothing to spend last summer ( when player sales are taken into account ) and should not be realistically expected to mount a title challenge with the fifth most expensive team in the league .
Until the owners show some genuine desire to crack the Premiership , the simple fact is that we will not be able to compete with the big boys on an even field , so must rely on a fully - fit squad , sustained confidence and long runs of form to beat Chelsea or Man Utd to the title .
The press / ex- players / pundits
Rafa has commented on a number of occasions that he rarely reads ( or watches ) analysis from press and pundits in the media , and the majority of our players would do well to take a similar stance .
Realistically it ’s almost impossible to avoid criticism being aimed in your direction in today ’s media - centric times however , and the frequency at which pundits , ex-players and journalists target our club seems grossly disproportionate when compared to rivals who have achieved the same or less on a far bigger budget .
The furore seems to have abated slightly in recent weeks , perhaps because our season appears to be all but over already .
Like the proverbial cat that finally grows bored of the mouse because it stops wriggling , they may have decided to look elsewhere .
Perhaps Arsene Wenger will get some more stick ( wrongly , I should say , much like most of that aimed at Rafa , or , heaven forbid , Harry Redknapp , Mark Hughes or Steve Bruce , all of which have outspent our manager by a significant margin in recent times .
The fact that they are all English does thinly - veiled suggestions of xenophobia on the part of the media in this country no favours .
Luck
They say luck evens itself out over the course of a season , but perhaps in our case it is evening itself out over the course of two .
Last season we accumulated a number of ‘ extra ’ points from last minute goals against Man City , Wigan and Portsmouth among others and while we arguably deserved them due to our attitude and ambition , you still , to an extent , need the run of the ball and / or a solid finish under pressure to wrap up the points .
We certainly have not benefited from anything similar this season , quite the opposite in fact .
From beach - balls to calamitous injuries to nonsensical red-cards and some shocking penalty decisions that have n’t gone our way , these decisions can prove vital as a springboard to building confidence over a string of games .
Unfortunately we have had neither the personnel nor a sustained run of form to cope , and each of them could quite feasibly be a contributing factor in chipping away at our already fragile confidence .
Rafa
This article would n’t be complete without an analysis of Rafa ’s performance this season , and the manager should not be beyond reproach .
Though there ’s little doubt that much of the criticism aimed at him from some quarters has been grossly unfair , he has n’t exactly covered himself in glory with some of his tactical decisions and substitutions .
While it may well be the case that he has been responding to advice from medical staff on a player ’s fitness in many instances , the fact that he is so loathe to take risks , and in many cases has removed ( or omitted ) a ‘ form ’ player for a sub that has had little or no impact on a game has just opened the door for further criticism .
While I have the utmost respect for our manager and have no doubt that ( with the right resources and a dash of luck ) he can be the man to take us to the title , it does seem as though he over - thinks things sometimes and while I believe our overall style of play is frequently mislabelled as being ‘ overly cautious ’ , I will suggest that too frequently this season , his decisions on the line - up , substitutions and management of injuries is doing us no favours .
Give Rafa a fully fit squad though , and I think we ’ll again see how effective he can be .
In summary , there ’s a lot to be disappointed by this season , but it ’s important to consider these issues with an open mind before pointing the finger of blame at the manager , team or specific players .
It ’s fair to say that we ’re battling for the Europa Cup ( horribly mislabelled as a ‘ mickey - mouse ’ trophy , due mainly to some shocking disrespect shown to it by certain managers , such as Martin O’Neill , and the financial implications of reaching the Champions League ) and a top - four place from now on in .
Unless ‘ Aquaman ’ turns out to be ‘ Superman ’ and our rivals continue to drop unlikely points , of course .
As frustrated as we all are by another ‘ false - dawn ’ , I will conclude with the same argument I ’ve countered my ‘ negative ’ Liverpool - supporting buddies with over the last few months .
Judge our team , and our manager , when we have a fully fit squad , and accept the fact that we do n’t have the luxury of a series of equally - capable substitutes .
If we have our first choice eleven fit for the next three months and encounter a similar run of form to the last three , there will be very few places Rafa can hide .
But until then , let ’s suck it up and hope for a dream second - half of the season – you never know what might happen .
World oil production peaked in July 2008 at 74.74 million barrels / day ( mbd ) and now has fallen to about 72 mbd .
It is expected that oil production will decline at about 2.2 mbd per year as shown below in the chart .
The forecasts from the IEA WEO 2008 and 2009 are shown for comparison .
The IEA 2009 forecast has dropped significantly lower than the 2008 forecast .
The IEA 2009 forecast also shows a slight decline from 2009 to 2012 implying that the IEA possibly agrees that world oil peaked in July 2008 .
World Oil Production
World crude oil , condensate and oil sands production peaked in 2005 at an annual average of 73.72 million barrels per day ( mbd ) according to recent EIA production data .
2008 production was slightly less than 2005 creating a peak plateau from 2005 to 2008 as shown in the chart below .
Production is expected to decline further as non OPEC annual oil production peaked in 2004 and is forecast to decline at a faster rate in 2010 and beyond due mainly to big declines from Russia , Norway , the UK and Mexico .
Saudi Arabia 's crude oil production peaked in 2005 .
By 2011 , OPEC will not have the ability to offset cumulative non OPEC declines and world oil production is forecast to stay below its 2005 peak .
My forecast to 2012 is based on an aggregation of individual forecasts from over 80 countries including over 300 major oil projects .
My estimate of 1.95 trillion barrels ( TB ) of total Ultimate Recoverable Reserves ( URR ) of oil is used to generate the forecast beyond 2012 as shown by the red line below .
If Colin Campbell 's estimate of 2.20 TB is used , which is 250 billion barrels ( Gb ) greater than my estimate due mainly to more optimistic assumptions about OPEC reserves , the peak production date remains at 2005 .
This shows that an additional 250 Gb of recoverable oil reserves does not change the peak oil date and instead increased production rates occur later as indicated by the green line below .
Additional reserves and the related production from prospective areas such as the arctic , Iraq , and Brazil 's Santos basin are highly unlikely to produce another peak but should decrease the production decline rate after 2012 .
The IEA WEO 2009 forecast is also shown on the chart below and an abrupt change in production occurs after 2015 .
The reason for this change is due to the IEA using one forecasting methodology up to 2015 and a different methodology after 2015 .
The IEA explains their two different methodologies on pages 39 and 40 from the IEA World Energy Model ( WEM ) .
The IEA 's forecast to 2015 is based on over 570 sanctioned and planned projects , each with capacity greater than 5 thousand barrels per day .
The IEA needs to explain this sudden change in production after 2015 .
The IEA 's forecast from 2015 to 2030 is not based on projects but based on the assumption that there are enough remaining oil resources coupled with enough investment to cause oil production to suddenly increase after 2015 to meet the IEA 's oil demand forecast .
The IEA projects that much of the sudden production increase after 2015 comes from OPEC countries most of which are referred to as closed countries by the IEA .
The IEA WEM page 40 states the following in reference to OPEC closed countries : " Long - term exploration and production investments of closed countries are projected based on expert judgement supported by the analysis of the consistency of official targets with the potential from past discoveries , estimated yet - to - be - discovered reserves and enhanced oil recovery projects . "
The IEA also continues to accept , without any questions , the oil resource estimates by the US Geological Survey oil assessment in 2000 ( USGS 2000 ) as shown in Fig 10 on page 26 of the IEA WEM .
OPEC is consistent with the IEA in its use of forecasting methodology for long term projection to 2030 .
OPEC also forecasts oil demand first and also relies on USGS 2000 resource estimates to project an oil supply increase which meets demand .
The paragraph below is from page 24 of the OPEC World Oil Outlook 2007 and is OPEC 's attempt to assure the world that there are sufficient resources to meet future demand .
A central tenet of the OPEC long - term supply perspective assessment is that resources are sufficient to meet future demand .
The resource base , as defined by estimates from the US Geological Survey ( USGS ) of ultimately recoverable reserves ( URR ) , does not constitute a constraint to supplying the rising levels of oil demanded in the reference case .
Indeed , the methodologies developed and applied to derive the regional crude supply figures revolve around the assessment of remaining resources ( resources minus cumulative production ) , so supply projections are , by definition , plausible from the resource perspective .
Moreover , it is worth noting that these URR estimates have practically doubled since the early 1980s , from just 1,700 billion barrels to over 3,300 billion barrels , and it is probable that this upward revision process will continue .
It should be noted that cumulative production during this period was less than one - third of this increase .
In addition , these figures do not take into account the large resources of nonconventional oil .
Both the IEA and OPEC first forecast long term oil demand to 2030 .
Next , both agencies assume that there are sufficient oil resources to meet demand as substantiated by the USGS 2000 oil assessment .
Oil extraction has become technologically more challenging and more expensive as much of the easy oil has already been produced .
There is a strong likelihood that oil resources and investment will both be insufficient to increase production above the 2005 peak .
However , both IEA and OPEC will probably say that falling investment caused falling oil production .
Fig 2 - World Oil Production to 2100 - click to enlarge
Non OPEC Oil Production
Non OPEC crude oil , condensate and oil sands production peaked in December 2003 at 42.62 mbd according to recent EIA production data .
Production is expected to decline further at a rate of 1.6 mbd per year from now to December 2012 .
This decline is due mainly to big declines from Russia , the North Sea and Mexico .
The IEA WEO 2009 forecast is shown on the chart and projects a decreasing production rate which is roughly equal to an extrapolation of the downward trend from December 2003 to now , as shown by the dashed red line .
This implies that the IEA has admitted that non OPEC oil production peaked in December 2003 .
Fig 3 - Non OPEC Oil Production to 2012 - click to enlarge
World Oil and Natural Gas Liquids Production
World crude oil , condensate , oil sands and natural gas liquids production peaked in July 2008 at 82.80 mbd according to recent EIA production data .
Production is expected to decline further at a rate of 2.4 mbd per year from December 2010 to December 2012 .
The IEA WEO 2009 forecast is shown on the chart and projects an increase due mainly to optimistic assumptions about OPEC production rates .
The IEA also assumes annual increases of 0.44 mbd from new natural gas liquids capacity additions and 0.13 mbd annual increments from Canada oil sands .
In a stark contrast , Colin Campbell assumes only 0.07 mbd annual increases from natural gas liquids .
Fig 4 - World Oil and Natural Gas Liquids Production to 2012 - click to enlarge
World Liquids Production , Demand and Price
The definition of oil used by the International Energy Agency ( IEA ) also includes natural gas liquids ( NGL ) , bio-fuels , processing gains and other liquids derived from natural gas and coal .
OPEC NGLs were supposed to cause a significant net increase in world NGLs in 2009 but this has not happened yet as NGL production is struggling to exceed 8 mbd .
According to the EIA NGL data , 2007 production was 7.96 mbd , 2008 was 7.91 mbd and 2009 year to date remains just below 8 mbd at 7.99 mbd .
Although bio-fuels production has been growing exponentially , world liquids production has probably passed peak in July 2008 at 87.9 mbd as shown below .
In 2008 , US ethanol production was 0.6 mbd , Brazilian ethanol production was 0.4 mbd , and bio-fuels production outside the US and Brazil was 0.5 mbd .
The IEA WEO 2009 supply projection is approximately equal to the forecast demand in the chart below .
The IEA 's forecasting model first calculates the future demand and assumes that oil resources are not a constraint .
Second , the capital investment is assumed to be large enough to ensure that these oil resources can be converted into production fast enough to meet demand .
Consequently , the IEA supply forecast is roughly equal to the demand forecast .
The average oil price should stay above $ US 75 / barrel for the remainder of the year as average demand is forecast to be only slightly greater than supply to December 2009 .
If world demand unexpectedly weakens then prices might fall below $ US 75 .
Furthermore , OPEC is unlikely to cut supply at its December meeting which reduces the upward pressure on oil prices .
Some recent evidence of increased demand is shown by US crude oil stocks dropping from a recent peak of 26.2 days at the end of April down to 24.1 days in mid November .
However , oil prices could exceed $ 100 in early 2010 as world liquids production may fall below forecast demand .
Fig 5 - World Supply , Demand and Price to 2012 - click to enlarge
High volatility of future oil prices is also expected due partly to delays in project investment causing future annual oil capacity additions to decline sharply to 2012 .
This declining trend in capacity additions is shown in the chart below which is derived from this oil megaproject database .
About 3.7 mbd of annual capacity additions are needed just to offset declines from existing fields .
Annual capacity additions from 2010 are forecast to be less than 3.7 mbd implying that world production of crude , condensate , oil sands , NGL , GTL and CTL will continue declining .
The chart below shows capacity additions from new projects and not production additions .
Allowing for maintenance , unplanned outages and other incidents , future production additions may be about 15 % less than capacity additions .
This means that the production additions for 2010 to 2012 could be less than 3 mbd , well short of the required 3.7 mbd to offset declines from existing fields .
Many large capacity additions started in 2009 including over 1 mbd from Saudi Arabia , over 0.4 mbd from Brazil , over 0.5 mbd from Russia and almost 0.3 mbd from USA .
Key producer Saudi Arabia has no more capacity additions until Manifa 's 0.9 mbd scheduled to start in 2013 , at the earliest .
Capacity additions from Brazil , Russia and USA decline from 2009 to 2010 .
World capacity additions drop further in 2011 and decrease again in 2012 .
Consequently , an oil supply crunch is likely to occur in 2012 as shown below .
The capacity additions do not include bio - fuel additions but these additions are unlikely to ease the 2012 oil crunch .
Fig 6 - World Capacity Additions to 2020 - click to enlarge
Additional Information Sources
World Oil Production Forecast - Update May 2009
World Oil Production Peaked in 2008 , March 17 , 2009
Saudi Arabia 's Crude Oil Production Peaked in 2005 , March 3 , 2009
Non OPEC - 12 Oil Production Peaked in 2004 , February 23 , 2009
USA Gulf of Mexico Oil Production Forecast Update , February 9 , 2009
But several scientists and others contacted by The New York Times confirmed that they were the authors or recipients of specific e-mail messages included in the file .
The revelations are bound to inflame the public debate as hundreds of negotiators prepare to negotiate an international climate accord at meetings in Copenhagen next month , and at least one scientist speculated that the timing was not coincidental .
Dr. Trenberth said Friday that he was appalled at the release of the e-mail messages .
But he added that he thought the revelations might backfire against climate skeptics .
He said that he thought that the messages showed “ the integrity of scientists . ”
Still , some of the comments might lend themselves to being interpreted as sinister .
In a 1999 e-mail exchange about charts showing climate patterns over the last two millenniums , Phil Jones , a longtime climate researcher at the East Anglia Climate Research Unit , said he had used a “ trick ” employed by another scientist , Michael Mann , to “ hide the decline ” in temperatures .
Dr. Mann , a professor at Pennsylvania State University , confirmed in an interview that the e-mail message was real .
He said the choice of words by his colleague was poor but noted that scientists often used the word “ trick ” to refer to a good way to solve a problem , “ and not something secret . ”
At issue were sets of data , both employed in two studies .
One data set showed long - term temperature effects on tree rings ; the other , thermometer readings for the past 100 years .
Through the last century , tree rings and thermometers show a consistent rise in temperature until 1960 , when some tree rings , for unknown reasons , no longer show that rise , while the thermometers continue to do so until the present .
Dr. Mann explained that the reliability of the tree - ring data was called into question , so they were no longer used to track temperature fluctuations .
But he said dropping the use of the tree rings was never something that was hidden , and had been in the scientific literature for more than a decade .
“ It sounds incriminating , but when you look at what you ’re talking about , there ’s nothing there , ” Dr. Mann said .
Kayla Kromer , the maker of the infamous Hamburger Bed , is back at it , this time with a sweet Millenium Falcon joint .
Which , true story , I once used to make the Kessel run in less than eleven parsecs IN MY SLEEP .
Suck it Han , I own you more than Jabba did !
Hit the jump for several more shots and a link to the official Facebook page .
Millennium Falcon Bed's Facebook Page
Thanks to Kayla , Johannest85 and Rogue Leader Ming S. Pan , who sleep in spaceships all the time because they 're interplanetary - ass mothers .
In the grand scheme of human space programs in Russia and the United States , catastrophic failures are relatively rare .
But they are often quite spectacular and make a big impression on the public and on the funding for space exploration .
The explosions in the videos we ’ve assembled here were very costly , some in terms of life , some in terms of lost equipment and all in terms of progress of the space programs .
Vanguard TV3 Fuel Tanks Explode
Dec. 6 , 1957 : The United States ’ first attempt to launch a satellite into orbit was also its first failure .
Two seconds after leaving the launch pad at Cape Canaveral , this rocket lost thrust and sank back down , rupturing and exploding its fuel tanks .
It had reached a height of about 4 feet .
Though the rocket was destroyed , the Vanguard satellite it was carrying was thrown clear , its transmitters still signaling .
The satellite is now on display at the Smithsonian ’s Air and Space Museum .
Video : NASA
Space Shuttle Challenger Explodes
Jan. 28 , 1986 : Many were watching live when the space shuttle Challenger disintegrated 73 seconds into its flight , killing all seven astronauts on board .
At fault was the O -ring seal on the right solid rocket booster , which ruptured upon liftoff and allowed a jet of pressurized gas to rush from the motor .
The resulting destruction caused the shuttle ’s liquid - hydrogen fuel to explode and aerodynamic forces to tear the orbiter apart .
The shuttle program was suspended for 32 months while the accident was investigated .
Video : NASA
GOES -G destroyed by Delta 178 Rocket Explosion
May 3 , 1986 : The GOES -G satellite is destroyed when its Delta Launch Vehicle 178 rockets is intentionally destroyed by The Cape Canaveral Range Safety Officer .
A post - launch failure hearing indicated an electrical failure in the guidance system was at fault .
Seventy - one seconds into the mission the first stage engine shut down necessitating destruction 20 seconds later .
Video : NASA
Titan IV Rocket Explodes With $ 1 Billion Payload
Aug. 12 , 1998 : A billion - dollar spy satellite was destroyed when a Titan IV rocket exploded 40 seconds after liftoff .
U.S. Investigators say a faulty wire harness short - circuited , causing the guidance system to lose power .
The explosion is one of the most expensive space disasters of all time .
Video : NASA
Rocket Explodes Over Plesetsk Cosmodrome
Oct. 15 , 2002 : An unmanned Russian Soyuz - U rocket carrying a scientific spacecraft , Fotom - M , explodes 29 seconds after launch .
Russian News
Agencies report that one soldier was killed from flying debris .
Video : NASA
Space Shuttle Columbia Disintegrates on Re-entry
Feb .
1 , 2003 : Columbia disintegrated as it re-entered the atmosphere , killing the seven astronauts on board and dealing a near - fatal blow to the already troubled space shuttle program .
It would be more than two years before another shuttle is launched .
Video : USAF
See Also :
But he does n’t have the same one that we all have .
Instead he has the Declaration of Independance .
Watch for the cringes .
A few of them have to actually notice .
The following wonderful piece of parody arrived via email …
Enjoy !
November 24 , 2041
WASHINGTON — Government - sponsored health care was on the minds of angry conservative “ tea party ” protesters in the nation ’s capital yesterday , as former TV host Glenn Beck led a “ Hands Off My Public Option ” rally on the mall .
The 77 year - old Beck , who was banned from the airwaves in 2014 after pouring what he thought was water over an intern as part of an on - air gag , only to discover after lighting a match that it was , in fact , gasoline , said the new president “ needs to keep her cockamamie paws off our universal coverage . ”
“ Thirty - two years ago , Republicans fought tooth and nail for health care reform with a public option , ” said Beck , choking back tears .
“ We fought for it and we bled for it .
And we ’re here to tell the president that any cuts or rollbacks will be met with a fury like she ’s never seen .
We surround you , Madame President ! ”
Protesters held up signs with slogans like , “ Only Hitler would take away my pubic [ sic ] option ” and “ Do n’t tread on my cradle - to - grave gov’t coverage ” as they marched to the steps of the U.S. Capitol for a rally .
D.C. officials estimated the crowd size at 5,000 .
Organizers disputed that , claiming that attendance “ easily topped a couple million . ”
Liberals responded to the rally by pointing out that , in fact , the Democratic Congress passed health care reform with a public option in late 2009 against unified Republican opposition , and the bill was signed by former President Barack Obama .
It was subsequently strengthened in 2019 and 2024 .
The non-partisan Congressional Budget Office estimates that improving efficiency and introducing competition to the health care industry has resulted in savings of over $ 4 trillion .
“ There ’s a reason Democrats have won every election since 2008 , ” said Senator Al Franken ( D - MN ) , who voted for the original bill and is now serving his sixth term .
“ It ’s great that Mr. Beck and his followers enjoy having access to affordable government health care , but let ’s not rewrite the history books .
Oh , and by the way , it ’s worth noting that the president has every intention of strengthening the public option further , and hopes that the twenty Republicans in the Senate will climb on board .
Frankly , I ’m not sure why these protesters are out here marching except to vent their frustration over losing yet another election . ”
Beck noted that health care is now the number - one issue with the Republican base , whose median age is 67 according to the latest U.S. Census figures .
There was only one confirmed injury , which occurred when guest speaker Bill O’Reilly , 92 , tripped over a fire hydrant while lunging at Senator Franken with his walking stick .
He was treated and released at the scene .
No charges were filed .
The source was not cited in the email – if you know where it ’s from , please drop a comment .
Share this article
Once upon a time there lived a very brave and adventurous young man by the name Arthur .
He lived in a large kingdom with knights and castles and an extremely cunning king who had a beautiful daughter - Caroline .
She was so beautiful , that every morning birds would fly through the open window with fresh roses in their beaks .
Birds would drop rose petals near her bed and fill the air with pleasant tweets , every five minutes exactly .
Then they would fly away to never come back … they would simply die outside , because they could n't live without princess ' beauty anymore .
The king was greedy so he held annual competitions during which the contestants had to pay 10 sovereigns each to participate .
The winner would marry Caroline , but missions were so hard , that there were no winners ever !
New competition was announced and brave Arthur decided to win the highest prize !
He saw the beautiful princess only once before and fell desperately in love with her .
On a sunny day all the contestants gathered together on a central square .
The king said : " Brave men !
There will be 3 main missions … and a very easy 4th mission to the winner .
Today I 'll tell you about the first mission only .
You have to build a house in 10 days .
It should have 2 rooms , doors , windows and a roof .
That ’s all you have to do ! ! "
Mission # 1
Is it possible to build a house in 10 days ?
Arthur was disappointed .
He had hoped to kill a dragon , catch a witch or do something else that a brave knight is supposed to do .
But he was smart ( and brave ) .
He spent all the day doing nothing but thinking .
Other contestants laughed at him : " Look at Arthur !
He gave up miserably !
Arthur , go home , you are such a loser ! "
But as you know , our Arthur was smart so he decided to build the simplest house possible .
And he did it : the ground became a floor ; house had only 2 tiny rooms and the light would enter through the 2 windows near the front doors ; the roof was there to simply protect from rain and snow - no more no less !
Most importantly , he finished it in 8 days !
Many , many other brave men tried but failed .
Some started to build a large and solid house and ran out of time .
Others started building too quickly and their houses would collapse half way through .
However , brave Arthur and a dozen other guys completed the first mission successfully .
" I am proud of you !
- said the cunning king .
" Now here is the second mission for you all .
This time , you should build a basement that will be twice as large as the house itself .
Also you should build a fireplace .
You all have a total of 12 days to get the job done . "
Mission # 2
And again Arthur spent the whole day thinking .
" I do n't even have a floor in the house ...
How can I build a basement ?
The house will simply break down ...
If I spend time on the floor , I 'll have no time to do the rest . "
Then he found a workaround .
He decided to dig deeper than usual .
" Deep basement should be safe enough and floor is not required in this case !
Fireplace will take 2 days to create , and I can definitely make this basement in 9 days ! "
Arthur worked like crazy and completed the mission in 11 days .
He slept for the whole 12th day – the last day of the mission .
At the end , only 5 other brave men have completed this stage of competition .
" You did a fantastic job ! " – the king said .
- " Now listen to the last mission .
You should build an upper level in your house .
An upper level may have only one room , but you have only 5 days to do it . "
Mission # 3
All the contestants were quite excited .
It looked like an easy task .
But Arthur was sad .
" If I build another level " - he thought - " my house will crash ... "
This time he started to work immediately .
He brought several large logs into the basement and made props .
It took him a total of 2 days .
Arthur was not sure that it'd be enough , but he had no more time and decided to accept the risk .
Luckily , he had a flat roof and therefore it turned out to be relatively easy to create another level right on top of it .
Arthur was tired , but extremely happy .
After all , he was the only one who made it through the last mission !
" My boy ! " - King happily hugged Arthur . - " You did it !
I can't believe , but you did it !
You are just one step away from the Caroline 's hand .
Your last mission ca n’t be simpler -
You should live in the house you built during the first 2 weeks .
This is it .
And then you will have my blessings and the hand of my beloved daughter , Caroline ! "
" Wow , so easy ! " - said Arthur .
" Yes , it is " - answered the king with a smile on his face .
Mission # 4
The next day brave Arthur was killed by the crashed ceiling .
It was a windy and rainy day ...
" This court concludes that the depiction of the uniforms in the paintings is incidental to the purpose and expression of the paintings ; that is , to artistically depict and preserve notable football plays in the history of University of Alabama football , " Propst wrote in his memorandum opinion .
Propst said in his opinion that crimson was first used by Harvard so spectators could distinguish Harvard 's crew team from others in 1858 .
Propst listed college teams such as Indiana , Kansas , Washington State , Oklahoma , and Utah who wear crimson in their uniforms .
" Cornell has been known as the ' Big Red ' for many years , " Propst wrote .
Other college teams such as Arkansas , Arkansas State , and Rutgers wear a variation of red , Propst said .
" Not to mention the Kansas City Chiefs , " he added .
One of our major themes over the past 18 months is that the University of Alabama System is run by clueless administrators , who are enabled by a worthless cadre of lawyers .
A federal judge 's ruling yesterday in a lawsuit involving sports artist Daniel Moore confirms our suspicion that UA currently is run by a bunch of blockheads .
Senior U.S. Judge Robert Propst found that Moore 's paintings of classic moments in University of Alabama football history did not violate trademark law .
The Daniel Moore case hits close to home here at Legal Schnauzer .
I was unlawfully terminated from my job as an editor at the University of Alabama 's campus in Birmingham ( UAB ) in May 2008 .
My offense ?
I had the audacity to exercise my First Amendment rights by writing on this blog about the political prosecution of former Alabama Governor Don Siegelman .
You can imagine the pleasure we took from learning that Daniel Moore had shown UA administrators that the First Amendment indeed exists in Alabama .
Moore almost certainly is the most beloved artistic figure in Alabama , renowned for his paintings of iconic moments in the history of Crimson Tide football .
One can only imagine how many living rooms and dens across the state are adorned with Moore paintings that capture , in stunning realism , classic plays from major UA victories on the gridiron .
Moore probably has done more than any living human to portray the University of Alabama in a dynamic and positive light .
So how did UA 's leadership treat him ?
It decided four years ago to sue him , claiming that his paintings infringed on the university 's trademark .
The case attracted the attention of The New York Times in 2006 .
Propst yesterday ruled in Moore 's favor , and in doing so , the judge showed how weak the university 's case was all along .
UA contended that Moore 's paintings violated trademark law because they included football uniforms with the university 's distinctive crimson and white colors .
We 're not making this up , folks .
The University of Alabama actually claimed that Moore 's paintings -- of a public event -- violated trademark law because they included accurate depictions of football uniforms .
Is the University of Alabama just a little bit full of itself ?
Yes .
Was the university 's lawsuit against Daniel Moore full of elephant droppings from the outset ?
Yes .
And Judge Propst , in so many words , said so yesterday .
According to the Tuscaloosa News , Propst rejected UA 's argument that its football uniforms and color scheme are iconic enough to trump First Amendment rights in fine art : Propst even provided a brief history of sports uniforms .
Wrote The Birmingham News : The brilliant minds who run the University of Alabama spent well into the six figures to argue matters about uniform colors .
Reasonable people , if any existed at UA , should have seen that they never had a case :
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - News Corp warned that testy carriage negotiations with Time Warner Cable Inc could leave viewers unable to see programing from its
Fox broadcast network , including it blockbuster hit “ American Idol ” and NFL football .
Actor Dominic Purcell , star of the drama series " Prison Break " is interviewed at the Fox TV network summer press tour in Beverly Hills , California July 14 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Fred Prouser
Negotiations between the two sides have been primarily held up by a disagreement over the value of Fox ’s free - to - air broadcast network .
Fox is asking Time Warner Cable for around $ 1 a subscriber in payment for the retransmission rights to carry its network , according to a person familiar with the talks .
Time Warner Cable executives have balked at paying that much and have claimed that negotiations with broadcast companies like Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc and Local TV which carry local affiliate stations are in the 25 cents to 50 cents a subscriber range .
CBS Corp CEO Les Moonves , who has been a very vocal supporter of getting pay - TV providers to pay cash for the right to carry his broadcast network , has publicly said he expects his company to be paid around 50 cents a subscriber .
Fox said it has for the past nine months attempted to “ negotiate in good faith ” with Time Warner Cable , the No. 2 U.S. cable operator , which serves some 14 million customers , and said those talks are ongoing .
But there is a “ very likely possibility that Time Warner Cable may choose to no longer carry Fox Broadcasting , Fox Cable and Fox regional sports programing , ” Fox said .
The negotiations do not include Fox ’s news channels or National Geographic channel in which it has a 50 percent stake .
Executives at Time Warner Cable will be hoping to reach an agreement ahead of January 12 , when the new season of hugely popular “ American Idol ” returns to air .
Time Warner Cable confirmed that the talks are ongoing but said Fox ’s current demands “ are unreasonable and excessive , especially in this economic climate . ”
“ We hope Fox wo n’t punish our customers by taking their programing away while we try to reach an agreement , ” said spokeswoman Maureen Huff .
Time Warner Cable is also in carriage negotiations with The Weather Channel and Scripps Networks Interactive Inc , which owns stations like the Food Network and HGTV .
Fox said it has launched a marketing campaign to notify Time Warner Cable ’s customers of the possibility they may lose access to some of their favorite entertainment and sports shows .
It follows a similar PR and marketing campaign launched by Time Warner Cable last month , asking its subscribers to register their displeasure with programmers ’ demands for higher fees , which it claimed leads to rising subscriptions for customers .
In its campaign , it claimed some programmers are asking for as much as a 300 - percent increases .
Heated disputes over transmission rights sometimes boil over , to the detriment of viewers .
Last year Time Warner Cable had a similar dispute with Viacom , owner of networks MTV and Nickelodeon , which went right down to the wire on December 31 before both sides came to an agreement .
But in 2000 a similar dispute between Walt Disney Co and Time Warner left millions temporarily unable to see Disney ’s ABC - TV programs on Time Warner Cable systems .
Customers saw only a blue screen and a banner headline proclaiming “ Disney has taken ABC away from you . ”
Time Warner Cable was spun off from its parent Time Warner Inc in March this year .
y_serial – warehouse compressed Python objects with SQLite ¶
Intro and quick example ¶
In about ten minutes , you should be able to simply give some labels to any Python object and save it to a database file ; then get back a set of objects by specifying portion of their labels .
Here ’s a quick EXAMPLE for a typical situation .
After downloading the y_serial module , create an instance which is associated with a regular file : import y_serial_v060 as y_serial demo = y_serial .
Main ( '/tmp/agency.sqlite ' ) # ^instance ^include suitable path for database file # ... now we do some work producing an object obj , e.g. obj = 911
That object could have been a dictionary with a complex structure , but let ’s continue on for the insert : demo .
insert ( obj , " # plan agent007 # london " , ' goldfinger ' ) # ^notes ^table
We label each object with “ notes ” which can be arbitrarily long text ( or UTF - 8 ) , containing keywords or tags , but excluding commas .
Within that file we specify a “ table ” ( merely an organizational subsector ) .
Some time later , perhaps in another script , we will want to select some object : eg1 = demo .
select ( " agent00 [ 1 - 7 ] , #plan " , ' goldfinger ' ) # ^search values are space - sensitive # and comma separated ; # arbitrarily many permitted in string .
print " Example 1 : " , eg1 #
That reveals the _latest_ goldfinger plan # which involves any one of the top seven agents # anywhere in the world including London .
That ’s it ... only a few lines of Python code to store compressed serialized objects in a database , and to selectively retrieve them ( with optional regular expression , and remarkably , without writing any SQL commands ) .
DEAD SIMPLE – with only one module imported .
Hopefully you see how widely this is applicable ...
Installation and license ¶
Sole requirement : Python version 2.x where x is 5 or greater .
Download the latest version of the module at http://sourceforge.net/projects/yserial and put it where your Python can find it .
No tar.gz or eggs here ;-)
The module includes the tutorial documentation within itself .
You are free to use y_serial under the BSD license .
No monetary charge at all ; however , if you are a developer , please critically review the code .
More eyeballs lead to increased scrutiny , and thus greater reliability .
Overview ¶
The purpose of y_serial is to keep data persistent .
It is based on key / value where the conceptual key is filename + table_name + primary_key + timestamp + notes and the value is some object .
( Ironically this is implemented using a SQL database . ;-)
Our goal is to have the simplest possible user interface in the foreground , yet have near optimal computing in the background .
By “ objects ” we generally mean Python objects , but we include support for files ( binary , image , etc. ) and URL content ( e.g. webpages ) .
Python objects are strings , dictionaries , lists , tuples , classes , and instances .
Objects are inserted into a hierarchy : database file , table within that database , row within table .
Moreover , each object is annotated for reference by “ notes ” and automatically timestamped .
So what is happening in the background ?
To minimize storage size , each object is compressed .
But before compression , we serialize the object .
The processing between y_serial and the database is handled by the sqlite3 module ( all dependencies are standard issue modules ) .
Your program ’s interaction with y_serial normally will not require writing SQL , although subqueries can be customized .
y_serial is written as a single Python module which reads like a working tutorial and includes many tips and references .
It ’s instructive in the way it unifies the standard batteries : sqlite3 ( as of Python v2.5 )
zlib ( for compression )
cPickle ( for serializing objects )
[ “ re ” module is not used , instead we access much faster SQLite functions for regular expressions ]
Technicalities aside , you are spared from explicitly spelling out many of the difficult protocol details : cursor / connection , SQL / DB - API implementation , serialization , compression , search algorithm , etc. – for these are optimized to interact with speed , security , and concurrency – yet handled transparently .
Our module is faster than comparable approaches under PostgreSQL .
Among serialization methods , we found cPickle to be one of the fastest , and so we have used it in a secure manner .
Try y_serial with a few million objects .
We recommend SQLite because it requires neither separate installation nor a server process ; also , it uses single normal files ( easy to backup or send ) , not an elaborate filesystem .
Moreover , in comparison to similar applications with MySQL or PostgreSQL , SQLite is extremely fast and suits most purposes wonderfully .
Should you later decide to migrate out of SQLite , y_serial can help port your objects elsewhere including other NoSQL implementations .
The means for insertion , organization by annotation , and finally retrieval are designed to be simple to use .
The notes effectively label the objects placed into the database .
We can then later query the database , for example , by regex ( regular expression ) searching on notes , and placing the qualified objects in a dictionary .
The keys of this dictionary correspond to the unique primary keys used in the database .
If necessary we can access the timestamp for each object .
We can thus use Python code to process the contents of the qualified dictionary , in effect , a data subset .
If the objects in that dictionary are themselves dictionaries we are essentially dealing with schema- less data ( see the compelling Friendfeed case study in the module ’s Endnotes ) .
To illustrate , let ’s continue our example by adding an object for agent006 : obj = 411 demo .
insert ( obj , " agent006 # paris # plan " , ' goldfinger ' ) #
We now can get a dictionary of objects # which matches our search values : # eg2 = demo .
selectdic ( " agent00 [ 1 - 7 ] , #plan " , ' goldfinger ' ) print " Example 2 : " , eg2 # # which should look like : # { 1 : [ 1257874696 , u'#plan agent007 # london ' , 411 ] , # 2 : [ 1257874696 , u'agent006 # paris # plan ' , 911 ] } Notice that we used a different method called selectdic which produces a dictionary whose keys are the unique primary keys automatically assigned in the database .
Inside the list are the ( unix ) epoch timestamp , followed by ( unicode ) notes , then object .
This means that we can work with flexible data subsets using Python code rather than cumbersome SQL .
Other features ¶
Instead of using comma-separated values , as in our example so far , we could have crafted a custom subquery and used a method called dicsub .
Or we could just skip any subquery altogether .
Here we pick out the most recent n- th entry : eg3 = demo .
select ( 0 , ' goldfinger ' ) print " Example 3 : " , eg3
The method called “ view ” will verbosely pretty - print deeply nested structures : demo .
view ( 5 , ' goldfinger ' ) # ^last m inserts ( or use search string argument ) .
y_serial can also act like a persistent QUEUE .
Whatever that is retrieved can be deleted thereafter by appending “ POP= True ” at the end of any applicable method : eg4 = demo .
select ( 0 , ' goldfinger ' , POP = True ) Object (s ) can of course be deleted directly : demo . delete ( " agent00 ? " , ' goldfinger ' ) # ^where notes mention any single digit agent .
To get rid of stale data we could freshen a table and vacuum the entire database via clean : demo .
clean ( 365.5 , ' goldfinger ' ) # ^retain one year - old or less prior to last insert .
To delete the entire table : demo .
droptable ( ' goldfinger ' )
Other useful methods are available : insert any external file ( via infile ) .
This is handy for working with thousands of image files .
insert anything on the web by URL ( via inweb ) .
insert in batches by generator ( via ingenerator ) .
This can be used to rapidly store a series of computationally intense results for quick retrieval at a later time .
For concurrency we can easily code for a farm of databases using the module ’s copy functions .
In general , your program can have multiple interacting instances which control distinct database files .
[ What ’s in beta ?
In heavy concurrent situations ( say , hundreds of near - simultaneous writes per second ) , SQLite has a problem because of the way it locks the database .
We can alleviate the problem by diffusing such operations across many databases ( called “ barns ” via class Farm ) , and then writing back to the target database as a batch ( which is far more efficient than single writes ) over time .
The harvest time to reap the batch is stochastic ( see the “ plant ” method ) .
That introduces some latency in accessing the newest objects – the cost for scaling up concurrency . ]
The class Main should be stable for all practical purposes .
If you run across any bugs , please kindly report them to the Tracker .
For group discussions , check out the SourceForge link in the left sidebar .
For other specialized features , please RTM “ read the module ” for tips on usage .
KDE 4.3.3 Release Announcement
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
KDE 4.3.3 Out Now : Clockwork
KDE Community Ships Third Translation and Service Release of the 4.3 Free Desktop , Containing Numerous Bugfixes , Performance Improvements and Translation Updates
November 3rd , 2009 .
Like the ticking of a Swiss watch , every month the KDE team brings you a new release .
November 's edition of KDE is a bugfix and translation update to KDE 4.3 .
With the KDE 4 series picking up in popularity , we 're happy to encourage even more people to give KDE 4 another spin -- or just upgrade your existing KDE to KDE 4.3.3 .
As the release only contains bugfixes and translation updates , it will be a safe and pleasant update for everyone .
Users around the world will appreciate that KDE 4.3.3 is more completely translated .
KDE 4 is already translated into more than 50 languages , with more to come .
KDE 4.3.3 has a number of improvements that will make your life just a little bit better .
Some of KWin 's effects have been smoothed and freed of visual glitches , JuK should now be more stable , KDE PIM has seen its share of improvements while in the back - rooms of KDE , the developers are working hard on porting all applications to the new Akonadi storage and cache .
The changelog has more , if not exhaustive , lists of the improvements since KDE 4.3.2 .
The KDE 4.3 Desktop The KDE 4.3 Desktop
Note that the changelog is usually incomplete , for a complete list of changes that went into KDE 4.3.3 , you can browse the Subversion log .
KDE 4.3.3 also ships a more complete set of translations for many of the 50 + supported languages .
To find out more about the KDE 4.3 desktop and applications , please refer to the KDE 4.3.0 KDE 4.1.0 and KDE 4.0.0 release notes .
KDE 4.3.3 is a recommended update for everyone running KDE 4.3.2 or earlier versions .
KDE , including all its libraries and its applications , is available for free under Open Source licenses .
KDE can be obtained in source and various binary formats from http://download.kde.org and can also be obtained on CD - ROM or with any of the major GNU / Linux and UNIX systems shipping today .
Installing KDE 4.3.3 Binary Packages
Packagers .
Some Linux / UNIX OS vendors have kindly provided binary packages of KDE 4.3.3 for some versions of their distribution , and in other cases community volunteers have done so .
Some of these binary packages are available for free download from KDE 's http://download.kde.org.
Additional binary packages , as well as updates to the packages now available , may become available over the coming weeks .
Package Locations .
For a current list of available binary packages of which the KDE Project has been informed , please visit the KDE 4.3.3 Info Page .
Compiling KDE 4.3.3
The complete source code for KDE 4.3.3 may be freely downloaded .
Instructions on compiling and installing KDE 4.3.3 are available from the KDE 4.3.3 Info Page .
Supporting KDE
KDE is a Free Software community that exists and grows only because of the help of many volunteers that donate their time and effort .
KDE is always looking for new volunteers and contributions , whether it is help with coding , bug fixing or reporting , writing documentation , translations , promotion , money , etc .
All contributions are gratefully appreciated and eagerly accepted .
Please read through the Supporting KDE page for further information .
About KDE
KDE is an international technology team that creates free and open source software for desktop and portable computing .
Among KDE 's products are a modern desktop system for Linux and UNIX platforms , comprehensive office productivity and groupware suites and hundreds of software titles in many categories including Internet and web applications , multimedia , entertainment , educational , graphics and software development .
KDE software is translated into more than 60 languages and is built with ease of use and modern accessibility principles in mind .
KDE 's full - featured applications run natively on Linux , BSD , Solaris , Windows and macOS .
Trademark Notices .
KDE ® and the K Desktop Environment® logo are registered trademarks of KDE e.V. Linux is a registered trademark of Linus Torvalds .
UNIX is a registered trademark of The Open Group in the United States and other countries .
All other trademarks and copyrights referred to in this announcement are the property of their respective owners .
Press Contacts
For more information send us an email :
press@kde.org
When it comes to managing the business cycle , mainstream economics have failed rather spectacularly , their prescriptions leading to increasingly violent bubbles and busts .
For this reason there have been calls for a “ new economics . ”
To get there , perhaps we just need to rediscover forgotten economists like Hyman Minsky and Ludwig von Mises .
I was intrigued by an article by Mark Whitehouse in the Wall Street Journal last week .
He described how concepts like “ leverage ” and “ collateral , ” crucial to understanding credit and commonly discussed by financial economists , remain foreign to mainstream economics .
These are concepts that Minsky understood as far back as the ’60s .
His Financial Instability Hypothesis precisely describes the credit bubble and bust we ’ve just been through .
Today Minsky is more frequently discussed in investment circles , but his ideas remain largely ignored by academic economics .
And they certainly do n’t inform policy .
Then there is Mises , who Mark Spitznagel writes in this weekend ’s Wall Street Journal “ predicted the depression ” yet remains totally ignored by the mainstream : “ How curious it is that the guy who wrote the script depicting our never ending story of government - induced credit expansion , inflation and collapse has remained so persistently forgotten .
Must we sit through yet another performance of this tragic tale ? ”
Most likely so , since Mises is generally dismissed as a “ sound money ” quack .
My favorite forgotten economist is L.M. Holt , who described the debt deflationary theory of depressions in 1897 .
( For easier reading , I retyped it . )
Irving Fisher , who is credited with that theory thanks to a paper published in 1933 , only came to it after being crushed , financially and intellectually , by the Great Crash .
( Days before it he declared that stocks had reached “ a permanently high plateau . ” )
Had Fisher read
Holt , he might have understood that the market peak was a debt - financed mirage .
Instead of learning from Fisher ’s mistake , economists are repeating it , advocating the inflation of a new public debt bubble to replace the private one that just burst .
This is unfortunate .
If mainstream economists had the intellectual honesty to admit that their theories do n’t properly account for debt , if they gave “ fringe ” thinkers like Minsky and Mises a fair hearing , we might discover the “ new ” economics that has been under our noses for a hundred years .
Scouts have been told to be slightly less prepared than usual .
Penknives may have formed as much part of the scouting experience as badges and campfires , but according to advice from the Scout Association they must no longer be brought on camping trips , except when there is a “ specific ” need .
Modern Britain ’s knife culture , including the rise in fatal stabbings , has been cited by troop leaders — although some have countered that the code contradicts the tradition that Scouts are to be trusted for their honour .
The advice , published in the official in - house magazine , Scouting , says that confusion over the legality of carrying a knife in public has made it necessary to revise the rules .
Sarah Palin Says
She Is n't Responsible for the GOP's Loss Sarah Palin speaks with Oprah Winfrey about the campaign , family and the future .
Nov. 16 , 2009  --
On the eve of the release of her new book , Sarah Palin reiterated in an interview with Oprah Winfrey that she 's not to blame for the Republican Party 's loss in the 2008 presidential election .
" I think the reason we lost is that the economy tanked under a Republican and people were very seriously looking for a change , " Palin said today on " The Oprah Winfrey Show . "
" I do n't think I was to blame for losing the race more than I could have been credited for winning the race if I had done a better job . "
Palin , whose book , " Going Rogue : An American Life , " hits bookstores Tuesday , spoke candidly with Winfrey about the way she says she was told to act and speak during the campaign and the effect it had on her family .
Having been given flashcards to prepare her for the debates , the vice presidential candidate told Winfrey , one side of the card would have a question and the other side would have a series of " non-answers . "
Watch Barbara Walters ' interview with Sarah Palin starting Tuesday on " Good Morning America " , " World News " and " Nightline " , more Wednesday on " Good Morning America , " and the full interview on " 20/20 " Friday , Nov. 20 at 10 p.m. ET .
" If I were to respond to a reporter 's question very candidly , very honestly … I 'd be told afterwards that ' you screwed up , ' " Palin said .
Palin said she liked having her clothes laid out for her during the campaign because it was " one less thing to worry about , " adding , however , that there were times , particularly before her family appeared at the Republican National Convention , when she felt as though she were on the popular makeover show " What Not to Wear . "
Also questioned about what she was told to eat during the campaign , Palin said she found it strange that campaign operatives talked to her about sticking to the Atkins diet at the same time the McCain - Palin numbers were tanking .
Couric Wore the ' Annoyance on Her Sleeve '
Referring to CBS ' Katie Couric as " the perky one with the microphone , " the former Alaska governor said she did n't ' blame the U.S. public for thinking she was ill prepared for the vice presidential post after seeing her interview with Couric .
" It was supposed to be kind of a light - hearted , fun [ interview ] , " Palin said .
" If people only know me from that interview , I do n't blame them for thinking I 'm not qualified .
" I think that [ Couric 's ] agenda was to not necessarily show me in the best light and not allow my mistake , my gaffe to go uncaught , " said Palin , who flubbed Couric 's question about which newspapers , books or magazines she read regularly .
Admitting that she had been annoyed with Couric 's " badgering " and had even rolled her eyes at times , Palin , 45 , said it was unprofessional of her to wear that " annoyance on her sleeve . "
The first time Palin said she realized the McCain camp would control a lot of what she wanted to say was when news broke that daughter Bristol , then 17 , was pregnant .
While Palin wanted to send a message that did not glamorize the issue of teen pregnancy , she said , she had little control over the final media statement , one Palin describes as suggesting that she and her husband , Todd Palin , were " giddy , happy " to become grandparents .
Palin described a call she received from Bristol , in tears and embarrassed that news of her pregnancy had become a " top news story . "
Palin was reluctant to discuss Levi Johnston , the father of her now nearly 1 - year - old grandson , Tripp , saying to Winfrey , " I do n't think a national television show is the place to discuss [ him ] . "
Joking that she hears Johnston goes by the name " Ricky Hollywood " now , Palins said that his preparing for a nude appearance in Playgirl magazine -- as " heartbreaking . "
" He's on a road that is n't a healthy place to be , " Palin said , adding that Johnston is " quite busy with his media tours and he has n't seen the baby in awhile . "
Johnston Invited to Dinner With the Palins
Pressed by Winfrey about the family 's plans for Thanksgiving , Palin extended an " open invitation for Levi " to join them for the holiday .
Winfrey also addressed last year 's rumors accusing her of snubbing the then - vice presidential nominee and not inviting her to be a guest on her show , a move many of her fans disapproved of at the time .
" What really happened was for the first time in my life I decided to publicly support a candidate and because of that I had made a decision to not have any of the candidates on my show during the campaign and so , for the record , Sarah Palin never asked to be on the show , " Winfrey said .
At the time , Palin added , she was unaware of the controversy and had only heard about it in recent weeks .
Back then , she said , Winfrey 's show " was n't the center of my universe . "
Having resigned from her post as governor in July , Palin was asked by Winfrey what prompted her decision to leave office and whether it was a move calculated to pave the way for the 2012 presidential election .
" I resigned as governor of Alaska because I was n't going to run for a second term , " Palin said .
Asked why she did n't " finish what she started , " Palin said , " Alaska was being hampered by my presence there . "
Unwilling to entertain discussions about the 2012 election , Palin said she 's only thinking about 2010 , and that running for president is not on her " radar screen " right now .
" You do n't need a title to make a difference , " Palin said .
Solar Water Disinfection Could Kill Even More Germs with New High - Tech Coating
October 23rd , 2009 by Tina Casey
Solar water disinfection is an idea so simple , it hurts .
Now a Georgia
Tech scientist may be on to a new high - tech twist that could make this no-cost , zero emission ultraviolet ( UV ) water disinfection method even more quick and effective .
[ social_buttons ]
Solar disinfection is a proven method of killing germs in drinking water by exposing it to direct sunlight in a clear plastic or glass bottle .
Dr. Jaehong Kim of the Georgia Institute of Technology has just been awarded a $ 100,000 innovation grant by the Water Environment Research Foundation for his work in developing a new coating that could be applied to bottles to shorten the solar disinfection process and improve its effectiveness .
Though not ( yet ) practical for large volumes of water , solar disinfection has proven to be a sustainable answer for people in remote locations or impoverished areas that lack the resources to disinfect their drinking water through other means .
Solar Disinfection and Upconversion Phosphers
Dr. Kim ’s innovation is to adapt upconversion phosphers for use in coating the bottles used in solar disinfection .
Upconversion phosphors are materials that absorb light near the infrared end of the scale and convert it into visible red , green , and blue light .
The high brightness combined with the durability of the emitting material make upconversion phosphors a cost - effective candidate for commercial use , and they were originally developed for laser optics .
Dr. Kim will be developing phosphors that could be used to create antibacterial surfaces .
Solar Disinfection and Sustainability
As applied to small volumes of water , it ’s hard to beat solar disinfection .
The only capital outlay is the cost of the bottles .
The process requires no fuel and no chemicals .
Just fill a bottle with water , park it in the sun for six hours and the germs are killed .
Solar disinfection works on waterborne pathogens in three ways , including ultraviolet ( UV ) disinfection , a physical process in which the UV wavelength starts a photochemical reaction that targets the DNA of bacteria .
The UV process works on Cryptosporidia , Giardia , and other parasites that can resist chemical treatment .
Water suppliers are searching for reliable , non-chemical water treatments that are not subject to price spikes , shortages , and the vagaries of world commodities markets , so large - scale UV radiation has become a focus of attention .
However , conventional UV disinfection is energy intensive ( it requires UV lamps ) , and it is unavailable to many communities .
Another alternative would be to boil the water , but many communities lack the fuel resources to depend on boiled water consistently .
Solar Disinfection and Magic Wands
SODIS , the international organization that promotes solar disinfection , points to numerous studies that prove the method ’s effectiveness .
It has also recently collected the endorsements of UNICEF , the Red Cross , and the World Health Organization .
Though it almost sounds like magic , solar disinfection is not a miracle cure - all , and SODIS emphasizes the importance of thorough education and training , as well as the selection of water supplies that are appropriate for this kind of treatment .
Like conventional ultraviolet disinfection , solar disinfection only works on water that is relatively free of suspended solids ( low turbidity water ) .
It effectively kills germs , but it does address chemical pollutants such as fertilizers .
And , it must be used correctly and consistently in order to achieve the desired result , which is to relieve communities from waterborne diseases leading to diarrhea .
Though concerns have been raised regarding PET plastic bottles in general , SODIS ’s research has revealed no risk involved in the solar disinfection method due to its short storage times and low heat .
Image : marcelometal on flickr.com .
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
SEMA
Show 2009 was not at grandiose as years past ( for obvious reasons ) , but it was nevertheless a great event .
And even though the number of vendors may have been down and the displays less fanciful , the ladies were spectacular as always .
This is the one aspect of SEMA that stays consistent in good times or in bad , the promotional models are always bountiful and beautiful , and this makes us happy .
This is the final batch of pictures of the booth babes and girls from SEMA .
Enjoy !
+ SEMA Show 2009 Girls – Part I
+ SEMA Show 2009 Girls – Part II
The French Revolution was largely conceived in Parisian coffee houses such as Café Procope , where the radical journalist Jean - Paul Marat sipped java during his energetic diatribes and Robespierre 's habitual consumption only increased his rebellious fervor .
Voltaire reportedly guzzled over ten cups each day .
Although they did n't know about at the time ( it was n't discovered until 1819 , 30 years after the French Revolution ) , they certainly did n't overlook the stimulating effects of consuming a cup of perk .
Some coffee - enthusiasts might suggest that imbibing the early - morning helper contributed to the monarchy 's demise and the rise of the new Republic .
A cup of coffee is a far cry from the sophisticated stimulants used by many on a daily basis .
For example , and Ritalin , prescribed for the treatment of - Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder ( ADHD ) , work by helping individuals focus their attention without being easily distracted .
For a child diagnosed with ADHD , these drugs can greatly improve both behavior and school performance .
Adderall , composed of mixed salts , and Ritalin , an amphetamine derivative , are also two of the drugs most widely used by healthy adults as purported brain boosters .
Surveys at some universities have shown that up to 35 % of students have obtained these drugs for use as a study aid , though most of them do not have ADHD ( ADHD affects only 3 - 4 % of people ) .
For students without prescriptions , they usually have little trouble acquiring Ritalin or Adderall from friends or schoolmates .
Students with prescriptions sometimes even sell their unneeded doses .
Given the dramatic rise in use for studying , ethicists have debated whether cognitive - enhancing drugs are unfair .
Those who take them may have an advantage on tests versus students who attempt to study using their wits alone .
If taking drugs could provide a cognitive edge , you might expect that these students would outperform their classmates .
Some wonder if parents might begin forcing their children to take smart - drugs in order to maintain competitive grades .
In order to address this issue , The College Life Study began periodically surveying university students a few years ago to better understand how health - related behaviors , including all varieties of drug use , affect school performance and development .
At a recent conference , Amelia Arria , the lead researcher , presented data about the use of Ritalin and Adderall as study drugs .
The students who used these drugs more often also tended to skip more classes and smoke more pot .
In terms of performance , they tended to have lower GPAs , in the 2.0 - 3.0 range , not higher ones .
It seems , rather than as a tool to get ahead , students used stimulants while cramming to catch up for lost study time .
Students earning
As were mostly doing so by steady work throughout the semester , without the assistance of modern medicine .
Of course , this finding merits some caveats .
Maybe the students using cognitive - enhancers did better than they would have otherwise .
Just because most students ( without ADHD ) who use pharmacological aids do n't perform better , some users may see a dramatic improvement .
Nonetheless , so far it appears that Ritalin and Adderall offer the greatest assistance to the people they 're prescribed to , those diagnosed with ADHD .
As for the rest of students , Adderall may not be an unequivocal performance enhancer .
The results of this study suggest that if a gap exists , the students who do n't take study drugs are edging out those who do .
Arria reminds that evidence has been inconclusive so far about whether the enhancement for studying is real or perceived in healthy adults .
In another study , students were given pills labeled either ' Ritalin ' or ' placebo ' and asked to take a mock SAT examination .
The students given pills labeled ' Ritalin ' reported feeling greater focus and mental clarity but their scores were n't any better -- perhaps because the labels were misleading : both groups actually received a placebo .
A third common cognitive - enhancer , modafinil , first entered the market to help people with narcolepsy stay awake .
A great deal of research has since looked at the potential benefits of modafinil for a variety of purposes .
In healthy adults who are sleep - deprived , modafinil can improve mood , provide 10 - 12 hours of wakeful , focused and improve to a similar extent as caffeine , but without the jitteriness - and the effects last longer .
After working overnight in the emergency room , doctors who took a single dose of modafinil kept their eyes open more easily than doctors who did n't take modafinil during morning lectures .
However , they were just as weary on the drive home , and they had more difficulty falling asleep once they finally made it to bed .
For patients with , major depressive disorder or , modafinil had a substantial effect on reducing fatigue , excessive sleepiness and , but it did not provide any benefit greater than placebo .
For well - rested , healthy adults , the benefits remain controversial .
While some studies have demonstrated that well - rested individuals can show modest improvement on tasks with modafinil , there may be a ceiling effect .
High - functioning , healthy adults with adequate sleep may not receive any noticeable benefit because they are already performing optimally .
What is the difference between cognitive - enhancers like modafinil or Adderall and predecessors like caffeine ?
The chemical compounds differ , and they have unique mechanisms of action .
Pharmaceutical packaging gives them elegance and refinement .
Most people believe they 'll work , so they offer at minimum a .
Even if , at heart , they 're simply newer , prettier double - shots of espresso , there may still be some advantages to taking these drugs , such as longer - lasting effects and no jitteriness .
Do these drugs make you smarter ?
More likely , they allow you to productively use your pre-existing , even if you did n't get a great night of rest beforehand .
After ingesting one of these pills , an average person wo n't suddenly discover a cure for cancer or write a symphony that would make Beethoven .
If someone is seeking a miraculous transformation , they 're better off booking a room at a Holiday Inn Express or going about it the old - fashioned way - by signing a deal with the devil .
Notes :
In a December , 2008 article " Towards responsible use of cognitive - enhancing drugs by the healthy " in the journal Nature , Greely and colleagues argued that cognitive enhancers should be available , but that we need to consider the ethical dilemmas that may arise .
After all , exercise improves cognitive performance , but we do n't ban it from college campuses .
To see more of the work by Amelia Arria and her colleagues , see a description here .
She presented her recent findings at the College for Problems of Drug Dependence in Reno , Nevada .
Raminder Kumar at the University of Chicago wrote a recent review of a wide range of research on modafinil .
Thanks to Audrey Nath for her suggestions .
New Superconducting Magnet Breaks Records with a Lower Carbon Footprint
December 2nd , 2009 by Tina Casey
Florida State University has just announced that it is chipping in $ 1 million toward the cost of a $ 3 million magnet to be constructed at the National High Magnetic Field Laboratory .
The new high tech magnet is expected to generate a field about 45 % more powerful than the strongest superconducting magnet currently available , or roughly 3,000 times stronger than an ordinary refrigerator magnet .
[ social_buttons ]
Behind that strength is a sustainable purpose : the new magnet will be made of a high - temperature superconductor that is more energy efficient and far less expensive to operate than its conventional counterparts .
If it proves successful – and researchers at the lab have every expectation that it will be – it could mark the beginning of a new generation of super powerful magnets that help lower both the cost and the carbon footprint of scientific research .
The Trouble with Low - Temperature Superconducting Magnets
Until now , superconducting magnets have required a low temperature to operate , which in turn requires expensive coolants such as liquid helium .
There ’s another catch : conventional superconductor materials stop working if the magnetic field exceeds 23 tesla ( a tesla is a unit of measurement for the strength of magnetic fields ) .
That ’s no problem for hospital MRI machines and similar equipment , which operate at no more than 3 tesla .
But it puts a severe crimp in scientific research .
To get around it , researchers can use resistive magnets made of non-superconducting materials , but these require far more electricity to operate .
To say nothing of the carbon footprint , the expense is a significant burden , well over $ 700 per hour for a typical resistive magnet .
The New High - Temperature Superconducting Magnet
The new magnet has been developed in collaboration with industry partner SuperPower Inc. , a global specialist in superconductors .
It will use about 5 miles of cable made of a superconducting material called yttrium barium copper oxide ( YBCO ) .
YBCO can operate in magnetic fields higher than 23 tesla , and in fact the new magnet is expected to achieve 32 tesla .
YBCO does not require a low operating temperature , and once brought up to speed it requires little or no electricity .
It also creates a more stable field than resistive magnets , making it a more dependable source for data in scientific research at the high end of the tesla scale .
Magnets and Research
Researchers expect that the new magnet will make the old resistive magnets obsolete in physics research .
In practical terms that means potential advances in medical diagnostic equipment , studies of protein structure , and the physics of semiconductors and metals .
It could also have implications for the use of magnets in new sustainable technologies from small hand - held battery powered devices on up to battery powered cars – and perhaps beyond .
Image : Magnetic toy by Karl Horton on flickr.com .
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
by Chris Barnyard
Recently the Next Left blog surveyed and showed that all the top ten Tory blogs in the UK denied the existence of global warming .
Now Martin from the Lay Scientist blog has done a similar survey of UK MEPs .
By my count , 23 % of Britain ’s 72 MEPs are either explicit climate ‘ skeptics ’ , or are members of ‘ skeptic ’ parties who remain silent on the subject ( I use the term in quotes since climate ‘ skeptics ’ are generally about as ‘ skeptical ’ as 9/11 ‘ truthers ’ are truth - oriented – googling for things that support your case and credulously accepting them as ‘ fact ’ is n’t skepticism ) .
Of those , eight belonged to UKIP , two were Conservative and two BNP .
Views of several other MEPs were not know .
Martin adds :
The 26 Conservatives did better than I expected , perhaps through Cameron ’s attempt to rebrand the party as Green Conservatives .
Indeed , Tories like Vicky Ford are openly attacking bad science , with quotes like : “ To be honest , I get fed up with climate - change - deniers . ”
Roger Helmer and Daniel Hannan from the Tory fringe pose the last challenge to a European party consensus on the issue , while the views of four remain unknown .
The fringes of the right , who now comprise around 20 % of our elected representatives in Europe , are a car crash .
The BNP are n’t exactly the most rational of parties , and their views were not unexpected ; but UKIP are a much more serious proposition and take a fiercely anti-science line , as you can see from a quick search of their website .
UKIP are a climate denialist party .
Read the full article here .
SAN JOSE , Costa Rica —
Long heralded as a tiny country with a tenacious commitment to bettering the environment , Costa Rica now intends to win the greenest of honors : to become the first country to go entirely carbon neutral by 2021 .
From the northern Caribbean canals of Tortuguero to the lush southwest Osa Peninsula , going green has long been the mantra .
The country 's national tourism campaign slogan is " Costa Rica , no artificial ingredients . "
Nearly all the electricity consumed by Ticos is renewable , with as much as 80 percent generated by hydroelectric power
Lifting the country 's entire CO2 footprint is widely seen as the next frontier — and Costa Rica is n't alone in this race .
Other green Samaritans include Iceland , New Zealand and Norway .
However , a chorus of skeptics — including scientists , environmentalists and even some of the c-neutrality plan ’s supporters — is chiming in about Costa Rica 's chances .
Though households are fueled by cleaner energy , Costa Rica 's vehicles continue to guzzle gasoline .
As automobile ownership booms , emissions are rising faster than they can be offset .
Costa Rica has focused much of its effort to remove its carbon footprint on growing forests , which capture CO2 naturally .
Worldwide deforestation accounts for as much as 20 percent of global carbon emissions , according to Rainforest Alliance , an international conservation organization .
But Orlando Chinchilla , director of the National University ’s Institute for Forestry Research and Services , thinks there simply is not going to be enough space remaining to grow vegetation needed to offset Costa Rica ’s emissions .
" The whole country is n't going to be reforested .
We need to leave room for houses and infrastructure , to plant crops like rice and beans , not to mention the African palm or pineapples , ” Chinchilla said .
In the mid-1980s , forests covered about 20 percent of Costa Rica .
Through robust reforestation and conservation projects , woods have sprawled to about 50 percent .
In one of the programs , the government uses money collected from a gasoline tax to pay landowners to preserve trees on their property or plant new ones .
In the city , however , it 's a different story .
In the greater metropolitan area around San Jose , exhaust - spewing buses , cars and motorcycles battle for space along the potholed streets .
These are the country 's big polluters , accounting for as much as 70 percent of CO2 emissions , according to a recent study by CO2neutral2021.org , an NGO consisting of young Costa Rican professionals who seek to help steer the country toward its no - footprint goal .
Riding the boom of Costa Rica 's middle class , automobile ownership in the past decade has gone from one car for every 10 Ticos to one in four , the study found .
A tough new traffic law , introduced at the end of 2008 , could help cut auto pollution by restricting driving at key points of congestion in the San Jose area , but a series of legislative hurdles have slowed its implementation .
CO2neutral2021 proposes a host of alternatives , including an improved bus system , biofuels , electric cars and better urban planning to avoid car dependency .
It also calls for the construction of an efficient electric railway , plans for which are already underway for the greater San Jose area , with almost a dozen international rail developers knocking on Costa Rica 's door to carry it out .
“ If Costa Rica is able to become a low - carbon economy ... it will bring significant economic benefits to the country , ” said Roberto Jimenez , a recent Yale M.B.A. graduate who is the strategy manager of CO2neutral2021 .
He said that reducing the number of gas - guzzling automobiles will cut down Costa Rica 's need for foreign oil , which he stressed is fueling the country 's inflation , which is among the highest in Latin America .
He said it would also create jobs related to creating a greener economy .
President Oscar Arias appears to be aware of the rewards .
In a September speech before the United Nations titled " It 's cheaper to save the planet than to destroy it , " he pressed countries to act now to slash carbon emissions and promote renewable energies .
“ We do n’t have 20 , 40 or 60 years to radically change things .
We have , at most , eight years , ” Arias said at the summit , which was a warm - up for the Copenhagen Climate Conference in December .
By the 2020s , Central America 's treasured biological corridor could see pronounced effects by global warming , according to a recent study by the Water Center for the Humid Tropics of Latin America and the Caribbean .
The study , funded partly by United States Agency for International Development , suggested that forests will decline , wiping out thousands of plant and animal species .
Though skeptics and proponents alike doubt that the bold c-neutrality benchmark will be reached , most agree it is nonetheless important to lower emissions to try to make a difference .
All eyes will be on Copenhagen to see if other nations choose to join the race .
Dubai 's debt woes eased a great deal today when oil - rich Abu Dhabi rode to the rescue with a $ 10 billion bailout .
That should make working out a deal with Dubai World ’s creditors substantially easier .
Of course , Dubai is n’t totally out of the woods .
Dubai World still must work out a restructuring deal with its creditors .
And the status of other government related entities in Dubai remains fraught with uncertainty .
Perhaps more importantly , there ’s a good deal of uncertainty about the political status of Dubai itself .
The terms of the deal between Dubai and Abu Dhabi have not been disclosed .
“ This is a government - to - government fund , the terms of that fund are internal to the government of Abu Dhabi and Dubai , ” a Dubai spokesman said in a conference call discussing the deal today .
In short : we have no idea what concessions Dubai made to Abu Dhabi .
The two most powerful members of the United Arab Emirates have long struggled over a variety of issues , most importantly Dubai ’s close relationship with Iran .
It ’s at least reasonable to speculate that Dubai may have agreed to give up some of its sovereignty to Abu Dhabi .
Unfortunately , there 's probably no way for an outsider to figure out how much sovereignty Dubai has given up .
Formally , of course , it remains a sovereign state within the UAE .
But beneath the surface , it may not really be running its own show .
The only way to tell will be to watch whether Dubai 's relationship with Iran begins to shift .
Why assume the Abu Dhabi demanded concessions ?
Because its support for Dubai is becoming very costly .
Abu Dhabi has now committed the equivalent of almost 60 % of this year ’s oil income to bail out Dubai .
That level of support probably does n’t come cheap .
Credit and stock markets seem reassured that this bailout has put an end to any possible global contagion from Dubai .
But the opacity of the bailout may create worries for some investors .
Telling creditors that the terms on which their borrower is getting bailed out are simply none of their business seems unlikely to inspire future confidence .
How I Learned to Stop Worrying
and Love the Deficit
By John Miller
This article is from the November / December 2009 issue of Dollars & Sense : Real World Economics available at http://www.dollarsandsense.org
This article is from the November / December 2009 issue of Dollars & Sense magazine .
The Pelosi -Obama Deficits [ C]urrent U.S. fiscal policy is “ borrow and spend ” on a hyperlink .
The ... deficit for 2009 will be “ only ” $ 1.58 trillion ....
But the Obama fiscal plan envisions $ 9 trillion in new borrowing over the next decade .
We ’ve never fretted over budget deficits , at least if they finance tax cuts to promote growth or spending to win a war .
But these deficit estimates are driven entirely by more domestic spending and already assume huge new tax increases .
[ T ] he White House still has n’t ruled out another fiscal stimulus ....
Obamanomics has turned into an unprecedented experiment in runaway government with no plan to pay for it , save , perhaps , for a big future toll on the middle class such as a value - added tax .
— from an op -ed in the Wall Street Journal , 9/26/09
You would have thought the federal budget deficit had morphed into Dr. Strangelove ’s doomsday machine from the howling that followed the publication of the Congressional Budget Office ( CBO ) projections in August .
The Wall Street Journal editors were happy to join in despite assuring readers that they are not deficit - phobic .
But the truth is , government spending and the budget deficit it engendered are what stood between us and an economic doomsday that would have rivaled the Great Depression of the 1930s .
In that context , the Obama budget deficits are neither all that big nor all that bad , although they sure could have been better had the spending priorities been more progressive .
And even larger deficits could have done — and still could do — more to alleviate the economic suffering that continues unabated even as the economy begins to stabilize .
How Big Is It ?
Even after correcting for inflation , $ 1.58 trillion is a record federal budget deficit .
But this eye - popping number needs to be seen in context .
A trillion and a half dollar deficit will equal 11.2 % of Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) for 2009 , according to CBO estimates .
That too is a record for “ peacetime ” deficits .
The Reagan deficits in their worst year reached 6 % of GDP .
During World War II , however , military spending pushed the federal deficit to qualitatively different levels , reaching 31.3 % of GDP and never dropping below 14.5 % during the war years 1942 to 1945 .
Whatever its size , before pinning the 2009 deficit on runaway government spending , it ’s important to assess how much the collapsing economy contributed to the deficit .
Big government bashers like the Journal editors would have you believe that the entire budget deficit was brought on by reckless government spending .
That is hardly the case .
The collapsing economy added more to the deficit from 2007 to 2009 than any other factor .
As economic activity dried up , personal and corporate income tax revenues plummeted : this year government revenues will drop to 14.9 % of GDP , their lowest level since 1950 .
Plus , the crashing economy automatically pushed government spending on unemployment insurance and food stamps up , further widening the deficit .
Even the financial - sector bailout and the Obama stimulus package taken together did less to swell the deficit than the economic collapse did .
To control for the effect of the business cycle on the budget deficit , economists look at the so - called standardized , or cyclically adjusted , deficit — the deficit that would occur if the economy was always operating at the peak of the business cycle , in other words , at its “ potential GDP . ”
Standardized deficit figures indicate that the 2009 budget is highly stimulative but hardly disproportionate to the economic emergency it confronted .
In 2009 the cyclically adjusted deficit will reach 8.6 % of potential GDP , and then shrink to 3.4 % by 2011 , according to CBO estimates .
The previous high was 4.7 % in 1986 ( with data back to 1962 ) , in the midst of the “ borrow and squander ” Reagan years when the only emergencies facing the nation were the desire of the rich for a tax cut and the drive to expand cold - war military spending .
Under George W. Bush , tax - cutter to the rich extraordinaire , the cyclically adjusted deficit reached 3.1 % in 2004 , the near equal of the projected 2011 figure .
The CBO projected deficits will add $ 9 trillion in the next decade to the national debt , the cumulative amount of money the government will have borrowed to finance its annual deficits .
That is another frightening number , but it too needs to be seen in context .
For instance , publicly held federal - government debt will reach 67.8 % of GDP in 2019 , according to CBO projections .
That number would be the largest ratio of debt to national output since 1952 , but still not in the same ballpark as the 120 % figure at the end of World War II .
But absent the stimulus , the federal government would face yet larger deficits as the economy and federal tax revenues fell further .
And unlike World War II spending that sparked a 20 - year economic boom , a do - nothing strategy would be followed by a depression that would impose far greater costs than escalating government debt .
Domestic Spending Gone Wild ?
The Journal ’s editors are correct that it is not the size of the deficit that is worrisome , but its content — the spending and taxing policies that brought it about .
But on that count they really should not be complaining , because it was the tax cuts and military spending they favor that played a decisive role in pushing the federal budget out of the black and into the red .
When the Bush administration took office in 2001 , the CBO projected the federal government would run a budget surplus of $ 710 billion in FY 2009 .
The CBO now projects a $ 1.6 trillion budget deficit .
The Economic Policy Institute found that the bad economy ( slow growth and then the crisis ) and Bush administration tax and spending policies ( from the 2001 and 2003 tax cuts , to spending on Afghanistan and Iraq , to Medicare prescription drug coverage ) each caused about 42 % of that $ 2.3 trillion budget swing .
Following by quite a distance were the Obama stimulus package and the TARP bailout , accounting for 7.6 % and 7.7 % of the budget swing respectively .
Supplemental defense allocations for the Iraq and Afghanistan wars accounted for more of the increase in the deficit ( 9.3 % ) than either program ( see figure ) .
Nor do the CBO numbers justify the editors ’ claim that we are about to enter a period of runaway government and deficits “ driven entirely by more domestic spending . ”
Discretionary domestic spending ( federal government spending on education , housing , infrastructure , and the like ) will average 3.7 % of GDP over the 2010 to 2019 period — no higher than in 2008 , the last year of the Bush administration .
Mandatory domestic spending ( including Social Security , Medicare , Medicaid , and unemployment insurance ) will average 12.8 % of GDP over the next ten years , 1.6 percentage points more than in 2008 .
Even that jump in what is , after all , already - obligated spending will account for just two - fifths of the federal deficits that the CBO projects for the next ten years .
That is hardly domestic spending gone wild .
The True Test
Obama administration policies might not have been the chief cause of the 2009 deficit or the $ 2.3 trillion budget swing from black to red ink over this decade , nor will they commission runaway domestic spending as the editors allege .
But that alone does not make the president ’s policies successful .
The true test of any deficit - spending policy is whether it makes people better off .
The policies endorsed by the editors have failed that test miserably .
Worse yet , they saddled us with large deficits that now block the very spending proposals that might pass that test .
Whether it is spending for universal health care , green technology , infrastructure repair , or school renovations — or help for those who have lost their homes — the new refrain is that spending must not “ add one dime to the deficit . ”
A second dose of deficit - financed stimulus spending , a notion the editors dismiss out of hand , would create jobs desperately needed as even official unemployment rates are likely remain at double - digit levels through much of 2010 .
In a very real way , our jobs and our prospects for living in a fair society depend upon learning to stop worrying and to love the deficit .
John Miller , a member of the Dollars & Sense collective , teaches economics at Wheaton College .
Sources : “ The Pelosi - Obama Deficits , ” Wall Street Journal , Sept. 26 , 2009 ; “ The Budget and Economic Outlook : An Update , ” Congressional Budget Office , August 2009 ; “ Measuring the Effects of the Business Cycle on the Federal Budget : An Update , ” Congressional Budget Office , September 1 , 2009 ; John Irons , Kathryn Edwards , and Anna Turner , “ The 2009 Budget Deficit : How did we get here ? ” Economic Policy Institute , August 20 , 2009 .
Did you find this article useful ?
Please consider supporting our work by donating or subscribing .
Not to be overly geeky here but this looks more like 16 - bit rather than 8 - bit due to the number of colors .
Regardless , a classic look .
# pixelface
Now , in addition to the ongoing questions about whether or not Glenn Beck raped and murdered a young girl in 1990 , new questions have come up :
There is rampant confusion about where he was born .
Suspiciously , Beck ’s wikipedia page says he was born in Everett , Washington , but it used to say he was born in Mount Vernon .
Beck ’s Facebook page does n’t list his birthplace , nor does his official website .
Was he born in Mount Vernon ?
Beck was presented with the key to the city of Mount Vernon , and was described by the local newspaper as a “ native ” .
And the New York Times claimed he was “ Born in Mount Vernon , Washington ” .
But the Everett Herald had a birth announcement for Beck ( in 1964 ) saying he was born in Everett .
Is this an eerie echo of the birth announcements for Obama in Hawaii ?
And when a reporter for the Herald tried to get a copy of Beck ’s birth certificate , the local health district officials refused to provide one .
Are they responsible for a cover up ?
Beck could easily clear this up , if he would only show us his birth certificate , but so far he has not done that .
Why ?
UPDATE : The conservative response .
Inadvertently funny .
UPDATE 2 : More questions arise about Beck ’s citizenship .
Why did he not use a US court to go after the owner of the http://didglennbeckrapeandmurderayounggirlin1990.com site , and instead used the international WIPO organization ?
Does he not have standing in the US because of doubts about his birth ?
And yet another curiosity — a supermarket chain in England has decided to stop advertising on Fox News because of Beck ’s comments .
Why was a British supermarket chain advertising on Beck ’s show ?
More non-US connections are sure to show up .
We need to know where Beck has taken his vacations to make sure no places like Afghanistan or North Korea show up !
ISTANBUL ( Reuters ) - Oil prices above $ 70 - 80 a barrel could be risky for global economic recovery , the chief economist of the International Energy Agency said on Wednesday .
A customer fuels her car with unleaded petrol at a Morrisons supermarket in Coalville , central England , in this October 2008 file photo .
REUTERS / Darren Staples
Birol told Reuters in an interview that current oil price levels were good for investment .
Oil prices have more than doubled from the lows near $ 30 a barrel at the end of 2008 to around $ 75 a barrel as investors eye signs of wider economic recovery which could boost oil demand .
Oil was trading at $ 73.79 at 1045 GMT .
“ Price levels we see today betwen $ 70 - 80 dollars is a good price level for almost all investment , ” said Fatih Birol , chief economist of the IEA , which advises 28 industrialised countries .
“ But if the prices would go higher than this , it would be risky for the global economic recovery , ” he said .
He also said that demand could rise in 2010 given global signals for a possible economic recovery , but that demand would depend on the rate of recovery .
“ How fast and how much demand will increase will almost be entirely up to what the economic recovery will look like .
But if we were to believe a few recent signals ... we may see a rise in demand , ” he said , without quantifying the increase or giving a time frame .
He said he was looking at demand coming from China and saw recent U.S. employment data that show employers cutting fewer jobs than expected as positive for consumption .
Birol also said that he saw an easing of political risk revolving around disputes between Russia and Ukraine that left natural gas consumers in eastern Europe in the cold last year .
Ukraine - Russia ties hit a low point last January and millions of people in southern Europe were left without heating after Russia halted gas deliveries to Ukraine for two weeks in a price dispute before a deal was brokered .
Birol also said that lower natural gas consumption in Europe over the next several years would increase competition among major natural gas pipeline going to Europe such as the Russian - backed South Stream and the European Union - backed Nabucco pipeline , each seen worth billions of dollars .
“ We should not be increasing the danger of another terrorist strike against Americans at home and abroad , ” said Representative Peter T. King , Republican of New York .
Senator Jim Webb , Democrat of Virginia , questioned the wisdom of trying terrorism suspects in civilian courts , arguing that military commissions were more appropriate .
But many other Democrats praised the move , noting that New York had been the setting for other high - profile terrorism trials  including the prosecution of Omar Abdel Rahman , the “ blind sheik ” who was convicted of plotting to blow up the United Nations headquarters and other New York landmarks .
“ New York is not afraid of terrorists , ” said Representative Jerrold Nadler , Democrat of New York , adding , “ Any suggestion that our prosecutors and our law enforcement personnel are not up to the task of safely holding and successfully prosecuting terrorists on American soil is insulting and untrue . ”
Image A photograph taken by the International Committee of the Red Cross of Khalid Shaikh Mohammed this year in Guantánamo Bay , Cuba .
The detainee 's family released the photo to a Web site , www.muslm.net.
Credit ... Associated Press
Mr. Holder said he was confident that the men would be convicted , and other administration officials said they had ample legal authority to keep classified information secret .
They also suggested that they could continue to detain anyone deemed to be a “ combatant ” under Congress ’s authorization to use military force against Al Qaeda .
Mr. Mohammed and the other detainees would not be moved right away .
Under a recently enacted law , the administration must give Congress 45 days notice before bringing any Guantánamo Bay detainee into the United States .
Mr. Holder said the administration would comply with that requirement as it seeks indictments from a grand jury .
The decision to prosecute some detainees in civilian court was a major policy shift from the Bush administration , which contended that suspected Al Qaeda members should not be treated like  nor given the rights of  ordinary criminals .
It had charged the Sept. 11 defendants before a military commission at Guantánamo , which has a more flexible standard for evidence .
Some crackpots think the world is controlled by giant lizards , but what they do n’t know is that several animals really have tried to be elected to power .
Meet the real - life political ‘ party animals ’ …
8. Pigasus the Immortal Boar
Pigasus the Immortal was a boar hog put forward by the Yippies ( Youth International Party ) in the 1968 US presidential race , named after Pegasus , the winged horse god of Greek mythology .
The announcement of Pigasus ’ candidacy was made during the heady protests at the 1968 Democratic National Convention .
Phil Ochs , Pigasus ’ owner , demanded the pig was treated the same as its legitimate rivals and given secret service protection as well as access to foreign policy briefings .
Unfortunately , Pigasus ’ candidacy was short - lived , for barely had the official introduction at his first press conference begun , when folk - singer Ochs , Stew Albert and several others were arrested by the FBI .
The humans were released later that day , but Pigasus ’ fate remains unknown – he may have been taken to the Humane Society , or he may have ended up as dinner for the other candidates that evening .
7. Incitatus the Horse
The Roman Emperor Caligula became infamous for a string diabolical acts .
Among his best known insanities was disinterring the body of Alexander the Great to steal his breastplate , castrating the gladiator Longinus because he had a longer penis than him , and destroying the kidneys of nobleman Valerius Catullus during an extended erotic session ( no questions please ) .
But perhaps one of Caligula ’s most well - known acts of madness was his decision to appoint his favourite horse , Incitatus , as a Roman Consul ( as such Incitatus did n’t strictly run for government , but we thought him worthy of inclusion on this list anyway ) .
It seems that , unsurprisingly , Incitatus did n’t do a lot with his time in office , but he did appear to have led a fairly cushty life – according to Suetonious he had a stable of marble with an ivory manger , purple blankets , and a collar of precious stones , and others have reported that he was attended by up to eighteen servants and fed oats mixed with gold flake .
Caligula even arranged for him to have a beautiful wife - cum - secretary , the finest mare in all of Rome , Penelope .
Eat you heart out Bill Clinton !
6. Tai the Poodle
In 1989 residents of the small town of Whangamomona , New Zealand , objected to plans to redraw their county boundaries and declared themselves the Republic of Whangamomona .
Their already wacky mandate took a turn for the worse when , in 1999 , they elected a goat called Billy Gumboot as their president , setting an insane precedent for animals as their leaders .
The 2001 presidential race was won by Tai , a poodle owned by the local hotel ’s barman .
Tai was known as a great ambassador , frequently sniffing the behinds of other dogs and making them feel welcome in Whangomomona .
Unfortunately though , Tai proved that even animals are not exempt from the dirty fighting and underhand tactics that so marks human politics .
Enjoying a bone one sunny Sunday afternoon , Tai was the subject of an assasination attempt when he was attacked by a larger dog .
And although he survived , like Ronald Reagan , many remarked he was never the same again .
5. Cacareco the Rhinoceros
In 1958 a rhinoceros at Sao Paulo zoo called Cacareco ran as a candidate for the city council elections , protesting against political corruption .
Although the establishment did not accept Cacareco ’s candidacy , she eventually won over 100,000 votes – many more than any other party in the election .
Cacareco ’s candidacy was traced back to a group of students who had printed up 200,000 ballots with her name on them , but the ballots were all legitimately cast by voters , one of whom commented : “ Better to elect a rhino than an ass . ”
The director of the zoo commented that he would ask Sao Paulo to pay Cacareco ’s Councilman ’s salary , however , election officials nullified all her ballots and a new election was held the next week .
Cacareco died in 1962 , but her legacy lives on through the Canadian Rhinoceros Party , led by the rhinoceros Cornelius the First , and in the phrase ‘ voto Cacareco ’ ( Cacareco vote ) which to this day is often used to describe protest votes in Brazil .
4. Molly the Dachshund
This cute dachsund from Oklahoma named Molly was a candidate in the 2008 US presidential race , running under for the mysterious BYOB party .
One would assume that the BYOB ( Bring Your Own Beer ? ) party , were not entirely serious , but in reality little is known about Molly or BYOB .
What we do know is that , unsurprisingly , she failed to pose a threat to Obama .
Perhaps the video below might shed a little light on this underappreciated political candidog …
3. Tião the Chimpanzee
Tião , a chimpanzee with a reputation for being bad tempered , was put forward as a candidate by the Partido Bananista Brasilerio ( Brazilian Banana Party ) for the position of mayor of Rio de Janiero in 1988 .
The notion of having an ape run as candidate was intended to highlight the unqualified nature of the other contenders , but popular response surpassed their expectations .
Running with the campaign slogan , ‘ vote monkey – get monkey ’ , a reference to getting what you vote for , Tião received over 400,000 votes or almost 10 % of the total cast , coming third in the race .
Unsurprisingly , the Electoral Tribunal dismissed the election declaring the results null , but the damage was done – in the end a chimpanzee had aped the Brazilian political system .
2. Katten Mickelin the Cat
Billing themselves as ‘ a party for the seriously unserious ’ the Swedish Ezenhammer Plastic Bags and Child Rearing Utensils Party for many years had as their leader a black cat called Katten Mickelin ( Pussy Mickelin ) .
Fanatical members of the party referred to Mickelin as ‘ The Unmentionable ’ , ‘ The Black One ’ , ‘ The Furry One ’ or ‘ The Almighty ’ – and to this day there exists a book , entitled KMGB , which is said to contain the last sacred fragements of the holy text , Katten Mickelin ’s Good Book .
Unsurprisingly Mickelin failed to ever achive office , although he did manage to collect 102 votes in the Swedish 1994 general election , largely as a result of a terrifying alliance with the Swedish Miniature Cars and Intoxicating Beverages Association .
Mickelin ’s death came as sad news to a small but devoted following in Sweden and on the internet .
His followers believe he has gone to a better place and is now chasing those ‘ heavenly mice ’ , waiting to return to them – what do you expect from a party with a ‘ Minister for Adhesive Tape and Small Furry Pets ’ ?
1. Clay Henry III – Beer Drinking Goat
As the official site for mayor of the town of Lajitas , Texas , states : many towns can claim that their mayor is an old goat , or that he enjoys his beer – but not many can validly claim that their mayor is a beer drinking goat .
Literally .
Lajitas has that dubious honor .
In the original election in the 1980s Clay Henry I defeated a wooden Indian and a local ranch dog called Buster by a landslide and the tradition continues to this day , with Clay Henry III .
The town claim the goat is their political pride and joy and on most days can be found holding court at the town Trading Post , usually with a cold beer to hand .
Now , we do n’t know about you , but giving alcohol to animals was something that stopped being funny at about the age of 12 – bearing that in mind , it does n’t seem to reflect well on the town that they have created an entire political system and democratic culture out of doing this .
Grow up .
Images : rachdian , soggydan , azure , wikimedia
Sources : 1 , 2 , 3 , 4
U.S. states and regions continue to see their economies slowly improve , but employers across the country remain skittish about hiring , according to two government reports released Wednesday .
Even as manufacturing output and the housing market stabilize , the unemployment rate tops 10 % in more than a quarter of the states , the Labor Department said Wednesday .
A ...
Anthony Canvin began the walkout
Councillors in a rural town have staged a mass resignation after becoming tired of criticism from a blogger .
Ex-vice chairman Anthony Canvin said 11 of Somerton Town Council 's 15 members resigned at a meeting on Tuesday .
On his Muck &Brass blog Niall Connolly called members " jackasses " and said a leaflet was " like a Nazi call to arms " .
However , Mr Connolly rejected the idea that the councillors had resigned as a result of his blog .
He attended the meeting himself on Tuesday .
He said : " If blaming Muck &Brass helps these ex-councillors to sleep at night then that 's fine but it ignores the truth .
" These councillors had , for too long , ignored the community which they were meant to serve . "
The council will have to hold new elections as there are now too few councillors to make decisions .
' Ethnic cleansing '
Mr Connolly began his blog in 2006 .
In one entry , he writes that a council pamphlet entitled Good Citizens and regarding voting rights " reads more like a Nazi call to arms or an invitation to ethnic cleansing . "
In another , he complains " clown " councillors ignored democracy and behaved as though they had " only just discovered the word " .
South Somerset District Council will have to arrange new elections .
Businessman Mr Canvin , 61 , said : " I 'm not going to tolerate it when I 'm working for the town .
" I said , ' I 've had enough ' and handed in my resignation . "
A motion was then proposed at the meeting that members leave due to " impossible working conditions " .
That led to 11 resignations with another councillor walking out in sympathy , and one more on holiday .
That left just two councillors , not enough for the one third quorum required .
Portsmouth and beyond . . . .
John Sherman is a Portsmouth , New Hampshire attorney providing legal services to individuals and businesses throughout New Hampshire and Massachusetts .
Regardless of the type of case we ’re handling , our approach is the same : identify client objectives , strategize about the best financial approach to achieve them and aggressively pursue and achieve desired results .
New Hampshire Employment Lawyer
We represent clients in a wide array of employment cases .
Just some of the issues our clients ’ cases have addressed include sexual harassment in the workplace , discrimination based on sex , age , pregnancy , and disability , and , in several instances , sexual and physical assault at work .
Our clients also have unfortunately experienced state law claims such as retaliation for engaging in activity that public policy promotes and wrongful termination .
These employment cases have proceeded in the New Hampshire Human Rights Commission , the New Hampshire Superior Courts and the United States District Court for New Hampshire and Massachusetts , as applicable .
Many have resulted in substantial recoveries for our clients in lost wages , compensatory damages and recoupment of attorney fees .
Protecting Clients and Their Families
Many of our clients have suffered serious personal injury .
We have assisted them and their families with the many complex issues arising from these accidents .
These include , but are not limited to , ensuring insurance protection and coverage , establishing liability , recovering judgments or settlements , attaching assets when necessary and satisfying medical and tax liens .
Just some of the injury cases we have handled include : traumatic brain injury resulting in lifelong diminished earning capacity , sexual and physical abuse resulting in PTSD and construction accidents resulting in permanent injury , scarring and disfigurement .
These cases have resulted in significant judgments and settlements that our clients have used to restore their lives , as best as possible , back to a sense of normalcy .
Counseling Businesses
We counsel and represent businesses as well .
These matters have ranged in scope from negotiating executive compensation , implementing non-competition and non-solicitation agreements and negotiating severance packages .
We regularly provide guidance and counseling to our business clients on numerous issues arising from constantly evolving state and federal employment laws .
Help or Direction
We regularly represent and counsel clients in other matters involving real estate , construction and appeals .
To find out more information about Sherman Law , PLLC , or our practice areas , please explore our site .
If you have a situation or even just a legal question , please contact us .
The consultation is free .
If we can help , we will .
If we cannot , we will try to identify for you someone who can .
Thank you for your consideration .
Daisy Disk is a Disk Visualization tool .
Following the trend of many other disk visualization tools , data is on the hard drive is represented in the form of an interactive ( sunburst ) diagram .
Navigation is as simple as can be , to dive down loser , click the segments , to jump back up , click the inner circle .
Daisy
Disk provides a clean and beautiful mac style user interface , and if you can get it for free , why the hell not ?
Everything is colour coded by type , including different folders .
Navigation can be performed from either the main screen or the side list of files and folders .
Daisy
Disk also interacts with preview , pressing space on a selected item will open so you can quickly find out what this 3.2 gb file may be .
Control clicking brings up a menu for navigation , and to open the selection in finder .
PROS : Design is stunning , scanning and navigation is quick and crisp .
Interacts with preview .
CONS : A lot of wasted screen space , price ( but not at the moment ) .
Steps on getting your free licence .
MacHeist are having some sort of special promotion for the next 1 day and 20 hours , so I assume this will only last until then .
Navigate to MacHeist and enter the co-ordinates , 151.7 and 174.4 .
Once this has loaded click , tweet for a treat and you will be redirected to twitter where you can tweet about some MacHiest goodness .
Go back to the MacHiest page and you should be able to log in or sign up and receive your free DaisyDisk licence .
Screenshots of Daisy Disk
Initial Screen
Main Screen
Lower Level Screen
Daisy
Disk is quick , pretty and at the moment it is free .
Get it while you still can .
This application makes cleaning both hypnotizing and fun .
GameLoft ’s recent ( and strangely public ) announcement that they will be withdrawing resources from Android - based game development has surprised much of the Android community .
The fact that a major software house would begin to shun the Android platform , at the same time that handset manufacturers are rolling out Android handsets - o’- plenty , does n’t immediately reconcile .
That is , unless you ’re someone who does n’t live and breathe Android …
This is a difficult piece for me to write , because I DO live and breathe Android .
However , I also understand that commercial firms ca n’t make their payrolls based off of warm and fuzzy comments from the Android Market .
They have to SELL SOFTWARE .
Something the Android Market is not really facilitating at this time .
I ’ve been saving up observations for this article for months now , and what follows is , in my humble opinion , the major contributing factors to the commercially - challenged Android Market .
App Visibility –
It ’s been said thousands of times , but Google needs to take ownership of the search issues of the Android Market and FIX THEM !
And , while you ’re at it Google , give us a web front - end to peruse the thousands of Android Market apps .
And , when you ’re done with that , please make sure anyone with an Android device can actually purchase Android applications .
App Classification – Something has to be done to allow users to browse the newest apps by genre .
It ’s almost worthless to look at the current category of “ newest apps ” because it is completely dominated by themes .
Google , get themes into their own gargantuan sieve so real applications can be seen !
Additionally , please create a classification / flag for web front - ends so people do n’t get ripped off expecting self - contained applications .
App Pricing ( Part I ) – This is a big one .
So , let ’s dive right in with the classic free vs. paid app issue .
Free applications have a place in any platform .
Hobbyists , professional wanna - bes , organizations , etc. need an avenue to distribute apps that either do n’t quite reach the professional level yet , or just do n’t have a compelling reason to be distributed commercially .
However , what should NOT be included in this category are apps with built in advertising models , 30 day trials and the like .
If something is advertised as free , it should be able to be enjoyed for free , or it should be called something else .
It should n’t be a trick to get you to buy something .
App Pricing ( Part II ) – Paid apps need to find a price level that will allow professional developers to create applications that will exploit the power and innovation that is baked into the Android platform .
And , while I enjoy the current hobbyist - subsidized pricing model as much as the next person , left unabated , it will destroy the platform .
Technologically superior platforms die every day due to insufficient third party offerings ( i.e. BetaMax vs. VHS , Intellivision vs. Atari , etc. ) .
And believe it or not , hobbyists will eventually tire of trading their family / personal / leisure time for the occasional admiration of the Android community ; when that happens , who will support the app you have come to rely upon ?
App Pricing ( Part III ) –
The only way the Android platform will grow and flourish ( beyond it ’s initial hype ) is with third party applications selling at a price that keeps third parties interested in the platform ( like GameLoft ) .
Now , I do n’t know much about GameLoft or the quality of their games , because I ’m not much of a gamer anymore , BUT it has n’t been very long since I was buying applications for my Palm T5 –and none of them were $ 1.99 .
For the most part , the Palm applications I purchased were of a quality and stability that dwarfs many of the Android apps at this time .
And there was an expectation that support for those Palm platform apps would be professional , courteous , and , prompt .
Face it , professional quality apps mean that people have to be able to be professionally employed to develop , market , and support them .
There are no shortcuts .
App Pricing ( Finale ) – The last point on Android application pricing deals with the notion of comparative value .
If you are so inclined , how much did you spend today on your mocha , cream topped , half - caff , wake - me - up elixir ?
How much did you spend yesterday at your company ’s vendo - land ?
Or , how much did even one of those happy hour mugs set you back last Friday night ?
Chances are , the answer to any of those questions is greater than the price tag of 99 % of the applications available on the Android Market today .
While any of the aforementioned splurges are just hours away from the public sewer system , any decent Android app will be useful for months , or even years , from now .
The argument for $ 1.99 Android applications is rambling and weak .
So , in closing , I ’ll share with you one of the few college concepts that survived my Friday night happy hours … TANSTAFL .
There Ain’t No Such Thing As a Free Lunch , or in this case , Android application .
If you are are looking for a simple , jargon - free explanation of Keynesian economics and the debate on what government should do about the recession , you 've come to the right place .
It will still be hard work if you have n't studied this stuff ( it 's not the easiest concept in the world ) , but you certainly do n't need an economics degree or advanced training to understand any of it .
The central Keynesian insight is this : when you decide to hoard some extra cash rather than spend it , income in the rest of the economy goes down by the exact same amount , which then has a knock - on effect on your income .
A recession ensues : a period when we work and produce less than we would like , and as a result get paid less too .
To illustrate the point while keeping things simple , let 's say there are just two people in the world - me and you .
This is an unrealistically small economy , but as we will see , the basic lesson applies to economies of any size .
In this make believe world , I make £ 100 a week by selling bread to you at £ 1 a loaf , and you make £ 100 a week by selling chocolate to me at £ 1 a bar .
The total income in this economy ( its Gross Domestic Product or GDP ) is £ 200 , which corresponds to 100 loaves of bread and 100 bars of chocolate .
Now , let 's say that one fine day you decide to save £ 20 out of your £ 100 and keep it in cash .
As a result , my income falls to £ 80 , and the total income in the economy is now £ 180 - with the economy producing 20 chocolate bars fewer than before .
In the following week , I only have £ 80 to spend , which means that your income also falls to £ 80 , and you end up buying fewer of my loaves .
In the end , both our incomes are lower , and we produce and consume less than our potential .
Our economy is in recession .
How does this carry forward to the real , larger , economy ?
Just think of me and you as blocks of people : essentially , when too many individuals decide to increase their cash holdings simultaneously - perhaps because they turn pessimistic about the future - a recession ensues .
As Paul Krugman puts it beautifully ( in mild economese ) :
The key to Keynes ’s contribution was his realization that liquidity preference — the desire of individuals to hold liquid monetary assets — can lead to situations in which effective demand is n’t enough to employ all the economy ’s resources .
So , this is how a recession starts ; the question is , how can we climb back out of it ?
Our first option is to do nothing .
If you paid close attention to the story above , you will have noticed that despite the slump in demand ( you now only demand 80 loaves of bread rather than 100 ) , I kept my price fixed at £ 1 per loaf .
But I would really like to sell more bread to you because I can then have more income .
Eventually I will start lowering my prices so that I can go back to selling all 100 loaves I can produce .
By exactly the same logic , you will do the same and we will be back where we started - producing at our full potential of 100 loaves of bread and 100 bars of chocolate .
Recession kaput .
And here 's where the difference between neoclassical and Keynesian economics lies .
The former school of thought assumes that the adjustment process is instantaneous : if you decide to hold £ 20 extra in cash , neoclassical economics assumes that we bothlower our prices to £ 0.80 so that nothingchanges : the economy keeps producing ( and consuming ) 100 loaves and 100 bars of chocolate , and there 's never any recession .
( This is not strictly true .
Neoclassical economics does n't say GDP can never fall - to stick with our example , you might fall sick and not be able to work , or decide to work less because you want to spend time with the kids , leading to less chocolate , bread and incomes all round .
What youhave with neoclassical economics , however , is a demand - driven recession : a fall in economic activity simply because too many people decide to increase their cash holdings and consume less at a point in time ) Recessions , then , are generally self - correcting : prices will eventually adjust , and the economy will go back to producing at potential .
And while this offers some consolation , we would still like to lessen the pain by either avoiding or speeding up the process of adjustment .
In our simple example , there is an obvious solution .
Let 's say that when you first made your decision to hold £ 20 in cash rather than spend it to buy my loaves , the government printed an extra £ 20 and used it to buy my unsold produce .
My income at the end of that week would be £ 100 just as it was before , and because my income is your income ( remember , I spend my income on your chocolate bars and you spend yours on my loaves ) the economy does n't go through a period of under - producing at all .
There is no recession , there is no need for a lengthy period when prices adjust , and we happily keep producing at our potential .
This is as far as our simple story will take us .
Recessions can ensue for as silly a reason as people wanting to hold more cash , and the government can in principle take action to correct the situation .
If you found this post worthwhile , let me know and I will build on this basic story to cover the action government can take ( fiscal and monetary policy ) , the complications that arise in practice , and the role of banks and financial markets .
Big Titted Natural Anna Tanya Song at DDFBusty.com
What can we say more about Anna Tanya Song …
She is ultimate busty dream ..
Her boobs are the softest and her skin is milky - white and suckable
These Anna Tanya Song ’s photos are from DDFBusty.com
Download Complete Photo Set and Droll at her big soft natural juggs ..
Grab her tits and penetrate her on top and have a great view of her bouncing boobs ..
See Anna Song naked and exposed … NOW !
She enjoys masturbating in front of the camera and showing the world her fantasy boobies and pink shaved pussy ..
Ultimate babe for big woman lovers .. Who does n’t love this sexy Russian babe anyway ?
Download Complete Photo Set and Full HD video at DDFbusty.com
More Big Tits , Boobies , Soft Breasts and Huge Juggs … ENTER HERE ..
_
We 've learned Robert " Joe " Halderman was arrested yesterday outside the CBS headquarters in NYC , and it was news to the people inside who make the news .
Our sources say the Manhattan D.A. played the investigation close to the vest and people inside the building were baffled when the highly - respected producer was cuffed and hauled off in the David Letterman extortion case .
As we already reported Halderman had a relationship with Stephanie Birkitt and lived with her .
But we 're told they had broken up " recently . "
We do not know who ended the relationship , but Halderman allegedly was in possession of Birkitt 's diary , correspondence and photos -- which he says incriminated Letterman .
People connected with the network tell us Letterman did have a relationship with Birkitt , but the word is that it ended before Letterman had his baby in 2003 .
San Francisco , CA - Today the Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) posted thousands of pages of records detailing behind - the - scenes negotiations between government agencies and Congress about providing immunity for telecoms involved in illegal government surveillance .
The documents include drafts of legislation and communications between Congress and the Department of Justice ( DOJ ) and the Office of the Director of National Intelligence ( ODNI ) about amendments to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act ( FISA ) .
They were released as a result of litigation that started back in 2007 , when Congress first debated granting immunity to the telecommunications companies for taking part in massive , unchecked surveillance of Americans ' telephone and Internet communications .
EFF used the Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) to request information about communications between the DOJ , ODNI , Congress , and telecom lobbyists .
" The government has finally given up its battle to hide this information from the public and has released a significant portion of the records we 've been fighting for , " said EFF Staff Attorney Marcia Hofmann .
" We hope that these files include some answers about what happened when the DOJ and ODNI pushed Congress to pass the law getting telecoms off the hook for their role in illegal government surveillance . "
The government has said it will continue to try to block the release of additional documents , including communications within the Executive Branch and records reflecting the identities of telecoms involved in lobbying for immunity .
The government 's appeal will be heard before the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in January 2010 .
" This case is n't over yet -- there 's still more information about the extensive lobbying campaign by the telecoms that helped them get immunity last year , " said EFF Senior Staff Attorney Kurt Opsahl .
" The government continues to hide important documents from the public . "
FOIA Release : Draft legislation to amend FISA :
http://www.eff.org/fn/directory/4800/360
FOIA Release : Correspondence about amending FISA , bill summaries , and other documents :
http://www.eff.org/fn/directory/4800/359
For more on this case :
http://www.eff.org/issues/foia/cases/C-07-05278
Contacts :
Marcia Hofmann
Staff Attorney
Electronic Frontier Foundation
marcia@eff.org
Kurt Opsahl
Senior Staff Attorney
Electronic Frontier Foundation
kurt@eff.org
STEELE SCARES WHITE REPUBLICANS ….
It ’s been a couple of weeks since the RNC ’s Michael Steele said something foolish and had to walk it back , so I suppose we were due for another gem .
Republican National Committee ( RNC ) chairman Michael Steele , who is known for making controversial statements , on Sunday said that white Republicans are afraid of him . [ … ]
The Republican chairman appeared on NewsOne ’s “ Washington Watch ” this weekend , a new Sunday political talk show aimed at a black audience .
The host , Roland Martin , asked Steele how Republicans could reach out to black voters .
Roland Martin noted that he ’s long believed that white Republicans “ have been scared of black folks . ”
Steele replied , “ You ’re absolutely right .
I mean I ’ve been in the room and they ’ve been scared of me . ”
From Steele ’s perspective , if he walks into a room of his fellow Republicans , and they ’re afraid of him , should n’t that tell him a little something about his party ’s approach to diversity ?
Steele is the chairman of a major political party , a former Senate candidate , and a former lieutenant governor .
Why , exactly , would a room full of Republicans be “ scared ” of him , unless he thinks his fellow party members are racists ?
And from the party ’s perspective , Steele really is n’t helping with that minority outreach effort .
It ’s not exactly a pitch that ’s likely to resonate with minority communities : “ Vote GOP , The Party That Finds Non-Whites Scary . ”
Not to be outclassed by the recent Drybones baby , a family in the U.K. claims to be birthing Michael Jackson 's head .
And , based on the ultrasonic evidence , I have to admit : that is indeed Michael Jackson getting poked in the nose with a penis turd .
Mum and dad - to - be Dawn Kelley and William Hickman , from Sunderland , could n't believe their eyes when looking at this scan of their unborn baby - seeing the face of Jacko staring back at them .
But the baby will not be called Michael - the couple know they 're having a girl .
Ms Kelley , who is 24 weeks ' pregnant , due in March , said : " I 've had plenty of scans before and none of the photos have ever looked like this .
It 's a bit spooky .
" But it is my seventh child , and seven is a mythical number . "
Mythical number 7 , riiiiiiight .
Listen , I 'm not so sure you should be breeding so much .
Probably should have stuck with good ol ' non-mythical 0 . Just sayin ' !
( Do you know anything about dragons ? )
' Our unborn baby looks like Michael Jackson ! ' [ shieldsgazette ]
Thanks to Aslan=Jesus and The Geekologies Writer lover , who , have you been drinking again ?
Suddenly , here goes an overdue status update .
Short version : Sphinx still goes on in 2017 .
( And I myself , ie .
Andrew , ie .
that weird guy who created Sphinx , am still quite alive , in case anyone ’s curious . )
We have downsized , we have been through a rather rough patch , and Sphinx is currently in a semi- stealth mode , again .
However , the work still goes on , mostly focused on a 3.0 uber - update these days .
Read on for details .
Read more …
16 Comments »
Tim Bray went to RubyConf 2009 .
Ignore the provincial " The Ruby community knows how to build , test , distribute , package , and reuse software better than almost any other language in the world " comment ( c'mon , Tim -- the CPAN has been around for a while and the CPAN Testers service has over six million test results for CPAN distributions -- and the current rate of reporting is four million a year ) .
There 's a better quote buried deeper in the report :
... it turns out that there 's almost nobody who 's actually getting paid to work on actual core Ruby ( less than the number who are getting paid to work on JRuby and IronRuby and MagLev and so on ) .
Ruby really needs to find a sugar daddy -- in my opinion , a deep - pocketed Japanese corporate sugar daddy -- and find it soon .
Do I recall correctly that Tim helped convince Sun to hire a handful of JRuby developers in 2007 ?
( They 've since left the Oracle - eclipsed Sun . ) Hmm .
Hirer 's regret ?
Ian Bicking criticized Sun for the JRuby hire at the time ; apparently I 'm not the only one who detects a whiff of provincialism here .
It 's odd ; John Ousterhout worked at Sun for a while , putting resources behind dynamic languages in the form of Tcl .
( Anyone who says their favorite dynamic language is unsurpassed in automation abilities , easy embedding , Unicode , event handling , and GUI integration probably knows nothing about Tcl .
Those who do not know programming language theory condem the rest of us to hear their incessant chest beating . )
I do n't really want to talk about Ruby , though .
I want to talk about Perl .
I wrote How Perl Happens as a subtle reminder that Perl has little corporate sponsorship .
To my knowledge , there 's no IronPerl nor JPerl .
There 's no Enterprise Perl fork of the Perl 5 interpreter .
There 's no Perl on the Smalltalk VM , nor on V8 , nor on SpiderMonkey .
Booking.com did make a large donation of $ 50,000 to contribute to Perl 5 development -- and they deserve credit and thanks and acknowledgement for that , as do all of the contributors to TPF ... but try to find someone ( anyone ! ) employed anywhere , as an agent of TPF or otherwise , with the full - time job to implement , support , maintain , or manage any implementation of Perl .
TPF has n't spent ( to my knowledge ) any of that $ 50,000 -- though not because TPF is unwilling , but because no one has made a plausible , workable plan for spending that money .
Ian Hague made a generous donation to help with Perl 6 development , and that 's sponsored several grants to people such as Patrick Michaud , Jonathan Worthington , and Jerry Gay .
As well , Vienna.pm has sponsored a portion of Jonathan Worthington 's time for several months -- but again , these are modest grants , not resembling anything close to full - time employment .
The thought of a business benefactor is interesting , especially in comparison to other language communities .
Does the close - knit Japanese community primarily developing MRI form a barrier to sponsorship from outside of Japan ?
Does Python gain an edge from Google 's deep pockets ?
Can anyone argue that Zend 's control over PHP has helped the language more than it has hurt the language ?
Would Lua have worked anywhere outside a research university ?
I do n't mean to criticize or condemn alternate Ruby implementations for their own sake .
RubySpec is the most important project to come out of completing implementations ; it can turn them into complementary implementations .
( I do choke back chuckles every time I read a starry - eyed programmer who 's only ever learned Ruby say that the Ruby community has the best testing of any programming language ever invented in heaven or on earth , because they figured out how to write test descriptions and invented a new acronym for it , but I 'm a history - aware jerk that way . )
There 's nothing wrong with multiple implementations of a programming language built around a common specification ( hey , Python has a pretty good one ! ) and a comprehensive test suite ( fill in your own parenthetical statement here ) .
The problem comes , as Tim Bray is just starting to discover , when the reason for those competing implementations is to divide up a pie of consulting and support fees by capturing market segments tapped , untapped , unrelated but tappable , and not invented yet but looking very tapperific without replenishing the commons .
In other words , while I have no doubt of the good intentions of someone porting Perl 5 to the CLR or the JVM to run in businesses where standard Perl 5 might not be allowed or appropriate or to give access to libraries not available in Perl 5 yet , I suspect that the corporate interest in sponsoring such development is to expand the walled garden around the CLR or the JVM , not to make a better Perl 5 or to help programmers get their work done with less ceremony and mess and frustration .
This leaves me with two questions :
There is an unspoken rule among Scottish writers that we do n't slag each other off in public .
The rule runs thus : coming , as we do , from a small , colonised nation , we automatically find ourselves marginalised by literary London and must fight doubly hard to gain the recognition abroad that is granted to English writers .
While we may express private reservations about the work of another writer , we do n't scupper their chances by saying this publicly .
After all , each of us takes enough of that from critics .
That changed over the weekend .
Speaking at the Edinburgh International Book Festival , Scotland 's only Man Booker prize winner , James Kelman , lambasted his country 's literary establishment for praising the " mediocrity " of " writers of detective fiction or books about some upper middle - class young magician or some crap " .
Attention paid to the twin commercial giants of ( presumably ) Ian Rankin and JK Rowling had served , Kelman argued , to obscure Scotland 's more radical tradition .
This has split the nation 's literature in two .
In a debate in the Sunday Herald headed ' Is Pulp Fiction Taking Over Scotland 's Bookshelves ? ' daggers were drawn over the crime - ification of Scottish letters .
The novelist Rodge Glass said that Kelman had been " very brave " in his remarks , while playwright John Byrne , spoke of " the danger of Scotland becoming known as the home of genre fiction , a factory churning out these things " .
And the response was ferocious .
Professor Michael Schmidt of the University of Glasgow , defended the common reader against Kelman 's " Stalinist " and " parochial " approach .
Crime writer , Denise Mina , derided " this awful schtick about pushing the boundaries of literary technique " , comparing it to " asking people to appreciate the welding on their plumbing " .
As a manifestation of the old ' genre v real literature ' chestnut , the debate should be just as interesting to those outside of Scotland .
Kelman , committed to experimental form and language , sees genre fiction as redundant , compromised by commerciality .
Mina , while still calling Kelman a " beautiful writer " , regards his stance as a mere " play for status " ; a failure of the writer 's duty to entertain .
There is another to level to this , however , about the ways in which any country 's indigenous literature – especially those of smaller or post - colonial nations – is threatened by the commercial imperative to produce page - turning , airport - friendly thrillers .
A third level concerns the collusion of the literary establishment in this .
It 's certainly the case that the books editors of broadsheet newspapers will bemoan the fact that we 're not all reading Tolstoy , while providing acres of coverage to crime writers .
Genre fiction does n't need highbrow attention in order to sell by the bucketload , yet editors must cover it precisely because it is so visible .
This crowds out more risk - taking writers , for whom a single review from a perceptive critic can provide a career breakthrough .
It is galling , then , that a country like Scotland , home to an enormous , bristling , experimental tradition which includes James Hogg , Alexander Trocchi , Hugh McDiarmid , Muriel Spark , Edwin Morgan , Tom Leonard , Alasdair Gray , Janice Galloway , Irvine Welsh , Alan Warner , Ali Smith , James Robertson and Kelman himself , is marketed to tourists as the home of Rebus and Potter .
One does n't want to decry authors who are certainly outstanding in their field ( constructing a page - turner requires narrative skill ) ; neither does one want to sneer at the tastes of book - buyers , for whom reading at all in this age of distraction is an increasingly fought - for pleasure .
And it 's not as though writers such as Mina , Val McDermid or Christopher Brookmyre are n't working a left - wing agenda into their books ; they are .
But genre fiction is , by definition , generic .
Mina 's disdain , in her comments , for pushing boundaries of form is palpable .
The genre writer 's first responsibility is to the genre itself : they must fulfil readers ' expectations for convention , or they have failed .
It 's easy to see how this becomes part of a capitalist enterprise , which requires market ' product ' and fears innovation as a ' risky sell ' .
At a time when capitalism is scouring livelihoods , however , we must empower writers such as Kelman to speak out against it , and put forth new ways of expressing and thinking about ourselves .
This is far from being just a Scottish issue .
Click to email this to a friend ( Opens in new window )
Newton .
Immortal .
I ’m thinking , why ?
What was Isaac doing ?
Nothing .
Zippo .
He was n’t talking every Kardashian alive into retirement .
Did n’t exile candidate Anthony Wormer to Elba .
Not even the one who made Meg Ryan ’s signature haircut .
This guy was doing zero for mankind .
Not hauling his wife ’s bras to the laundromat .
Not tinkering with his iPad .
Nothing constructive like RSVPing another Hamptons party .
Just sitting around when an apple plopped on him .
Big effing deal .
Things fall on me all the time .
But do I call a news conference ?
Make some speech about gravity because some stupid piece of fruit flopped down instead of up ?
No .
I do the only smart thing .
I eat the apple .
I bet he ran home , told the wife , who was so excited she said : “ Nice .
An apple a day keeps the doctor away .
Take the garbage out . ”
What is that extra chromosome that signals genius ?
Like , imagine for instance , the dude who kicked smoking because of Medicine Man Bloomberg .
In his man cave , he ’s huddled bored .
Having already TiVo ’d every “ Dancing With the Lunks ” since Randy Jackson ’s bar mitzvah , he ’s restless , Tobacco Addict ’s cigaretteless fingers are nervously twitching a piece of wire .
Result ?
A clothes hanger .
If not for this two - pack - a - day guy ’s stained hands , our drawers would hang on a nail .
Yet , who ’s grateful for him ?
No official remembrance like Mother ’s Day , St. Patrick ’s Day , Bastille Day .
Forget a whole 24 hours in his honor .
Just a morning .
Should n’t some group , hunting something to picket for , thump to remember him on — say — Hanger Morning ?
Does n’t even have to be a whole day .
There ’s his friend .
Also unbusy .
Passing the hours cracking his knuckles over a large mess of papers on the floor .
Under them is a discarded piece of wire .
Ca n’t reinvent a hanger .
That ’s already been done . . . so . . . ta-da !
Paper clip .
Before Sheryl Sandberg co-wrote her book , womankind were the creative geniuses doing the heavy lifting .
1903 .
Nobel Prize in physics .
Let civilization never forget Pierre Curie ’s missus .
She was cooking something .
Quenelles , no .
Omelette , no .
Cassoulet , uh-uh .
The husband could run down for his own takeout onion soup for all Marie cared .
Mme .
Curie was dishing up radium .
She at least got respect .
In a 1943 movie , Greer Garson played her .
I ’m hearing it ’s a while before Amanda Bynes nails the role of Mrs. Sandberg .
Today ’s microwave discovered by two Brits ?
Heat up leftover coffee , reheat stale popcorn , warm a stew aging in the freezer since Thanksgiving .
A lamb chop laying so long it ’s grown hair ?
Behind old sardines pasta rediscovered for an unannounced drop - in whom you hate dropping in even when announced ?
Also let ’s do n’t anyone deny resuscitating a bagel Sunday morning .
Give those Brits a kitchen Oscar .
Weeks before Leonardo DiCaprio spent Tag Heuer income on his newest Victoria ’s Secret temp , there lived an Egyptian .
Late for Pharaoh Hotep ’s pyramid - warming , he dredged up the sundial .
The year was 1500 B.C. I mean , give or take a fortnight .
Egypt just enshrined him at the local university named for their famous leader .
Sundialer is now a statue outside Farouk U .
Years back , ringing doorbells was the Avon Lady , Fuller Brush Man , salesmen pushing encyclopedias , Hoover vacuums , John Hancock insurance .
We had milkmen , ice men , Tupperware parties .
Now who comes to the door ?
Robbers .
Census takers .
John Liu canvassers .
Forget the brain who invented the childproof bottle top .
Nobody can open it .
Einstein even said , “ Shove it . ”
Prying open a jar of mouthwash , I cut a finger and broke a nail .
Him , I do n’t want to honor .
When Alexander Graham Bell ’s newfangled creation rang , he replied : “ Call back .
I ’m on the other line . ”
But that ’s only a rumor .
Eternally trusty Verizon is checking on it .
Preceding NY
Post headlines , hieroglyphics , Gutenberg Bible , Morse code , whose inventor ’s first name is known today for Sam ’s Club .
Benjamin Franklin ’s mommy , hearing his ideas , replied , “ Go fly a kite . ”
Wilbur and Orville Wright ’s daddy : “ Kids , do n’t forget the seat belt . ”
Personally affected , I remain eternally grateful for hair dye .
As I think about it , somebody should say a few words for Scotch tape .
