Announcing 500 billion digits of e...
The first world record size computation of a major constant on an overclocked computer .
By Alexander J. Yee
Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science
Northwestern University , Evanston , IL , 60201
( Last updated : March 7 , 2011 )
Update July 5 , 2010 : Shigeru Kondo has improved the record to 1,000,000,000,000 digits using the same program .
Update July 17 , 2010 : Shigeru Kondo has posted digit distribution statistics on the first 1,000,000,000,000 digits .
Time to step back a bit ...
On some cheaper hardware ...
On February 20 , 2010 , I have sucessfully computed and verified the constant e to 500,000,000,000 decimal places .
The first 200 billion digits agree with Shigeru Kondo and Steve Pagliarulo 's previous computation .
( May 2009 )
2. 7182818284 5904523536 0287471352 6624977572 4709369995 : 50
9574966967 6277240766 3035354759 4571382178 5251664274 : 100 8441770376 8631104974 6968465060 3035694339 6205930077 : 199,999,999,950
6894613668 1423327791 1840461713 7962025153 2608551312 : 200,000,000,000
8061629499 9889152937 5461889683 8218812430 6075311581 : 200,000,000,050 1263745760 3773674524 6963968004 5516655446 1704769964 : 499,999,999,950
7320021939 7617472530 4989685177 3671516511 2702955878 : 500,000,000,000
The digits are available for download here .
Computation Statistics -
All times are Central Standard Time ( CST ) .
e - Computation + Verification 12 days , 19 hours
Start : 12:56 AM
( CST ) February 8 , 2010
Finish : 9:04 PM ( CST ) February 20 , 2010
It should be noted that the computer used was also one of my primary computers at the time .
So unlike most size - record computations , the computer was actively used for normal - everyday purposes throughout the entire computation .
( web - browsing , gaming , music , Anime ... )
Therefore , the timings may be a little bit inflated than if it were left alone .
Computer :
Name " Ushio " ( from the Anime Series " Clannad " ) , or simply , " The Lanbox " .
Processor Intel Core i7 920 @ 2.66 GHz - overclocked to 3.33 GHz with 3.5 GHz effective Turbo Boost
D0 stepping , 4.2 GHz Linpack stable on Air cooling .
Memory 12 GB DDR3 @ 1066 MHz ( triple channel ) - overclocked to 1333 MHz
Memory Timings : 9-9-9-25 Motherboard Asus Rampage II GENE Graphics EVGA GeForce GTX 275 896 MB ram Hard Drives 1.5 TB SATA II Seagate ( Boot drive )
1.0 TB SATA II Seagate ( Data drive ) 4 x 2 TB SATA II Hitachi - Sustained IO : ~480 MB /s
( These are temporary add - on drives .
They are not part of the computer , nor will they all fit in the case . )
Operating System Windows 7 Ultimate x64 Built By Me Purpose A lanbox for Gaming and Anime ...
Test machine for optimizing high - performance code .
( which is great since I can mess with the frequencies and memory ratios and to detect resource bottlenecks )
It used to also be my primary computer , but my new laptop has taken over for much of that .
Future Upgrades None ...
This will most likely be a hand - me - down computer to my parents .
Cost About $ 2,300 USD .
This includes the four add - on hard drives as well as all unnecessary luxuries such as the video card , the LED fans for aesthetics and the cooler for extreme overclocking .
Prior to adding on the four hard drives ( as well as the box that holds them ) , the total cost of the computer is about $ 1,600 USD .
Pictures : Click to enlarge .
The giant box with cables running into the computer is a 5 - in - 3 module ( 5 hard drives into 3 x 5.25 in. drive bays ) .
It holds the 4 x 2 TB hard drives .
( left picture ) Ignore the Intel Atom and Windows 7 Starter stickers that are on the computer .
They were put there as a prank by my roommate .
( left picture )
The hard drive and dock near the back is n't part of this computer .
It 's actually plugged into another computer that 's on the other side of the drawer on the left .
( left picture )
Feel free to judge my cable management ( In the computer , not the mess behind it ! ) .
Though I personally find it hard to do much better in such a tight space .
( right picture )
Other Thoughts
This is pretty much my dream gaming computer ... for now at least ...
It is a micro-atx mini - tower computer that was built to be hand - carried on a plane .
Therefore it is fairly portable and handy for gaming - parties .
( Prior to adding the four hard drives . )
However , its small size means that it does not have the space to fit the 4 add - on hard drives that were used for the purpose of this computation .
Hence the need for the 5 - in - 3 module .
After the school year ends , I 'll probably shove that 5 - in - 3 module into my workstation and return this computer to its purpose of being a portable lanbox for gaming - parties .
Program :
Main Page : y- cruncher - The Multi-Threaded Pi-Program
Name y- cruncher v0.5.2 Alpha ( Build 8792 + 8937 ) Build Version x64 SSE4.1 ~ Ushio ( Author 's Version ) Author Alexander J. Yee
Formulas used for computation
The following two formulas were used :
Taylor series of exp ( 1 ) :
Taylor series of exp ( - 1 ) :
Standard Binary Splitting was used to sum up the series in an efficient manner .
Because the formulas are so similar , the two series were summed up together in the same routine so that redundant parts of their computations could be re-used .
( Namely their factorials . )
At the end , two divisions were performed producing the binary digits as computed from the two formulas .
Their results agreed .
Two base conversions using different cutting and scaling parameters were then done to obtain the decimal digits .
Those also agreed .
The detailed computation statistics are as follows :
Step Time Fused Binary Splitting of the series 75.4 hours ( 3.1 days ) Final Division : 1 / ex p ( - 1 ) 31.3 hours ( 1.3 days ) Final Division : exp ( 1 ) 31.9 hours ( 1.3 days ) Write Hexadecimal Digits : ( Both ) 6.4 hours Construct Base Conversion Tables 17.5 hours ( 0.7 days ) Base Convert : exp ( 1 ) 67.7 hours ( 2.8 days ) Write Decimal Digits : exp ( 1 ) 3.73 hours Base Convert : 1 / ex p ( - 1 ) 68.9 hours ( 2.9 days ) Write Decimal Digits : 1 / exp ( - 1 ) 3.73 hours Total Time : 307 hours ( 12.8 days )
After completing the second division , there was a minor issue that kept the program from writing the digits to disk .
( Windows apparently does not accept directory or file names that start or end with a space . )
However , the results of both computations were still preserved on the swap disks .
So all it took was a simple fix and a recompile to resume the computation .
No time was lost because this issue was realized well before it occurred .
So the fix was prepared well ahead of time in anticipation of the failure .
Since the computation was not done in a single continuous run , no screenshot is available for the computation .
( Though it would 've been nice to get a full screenshot with CPU - Z validation . )
A Small Note on Speed
The method that was used for computing and verifying is far from optimal .
There were plenty of places where the program could be improved - especially with the radix conversions .
For example , two binary -> decimal conversions for verification is unnecessary as it is faster to convert to decimal once and convert back .
Alternatively , it is possible to verify a conversion by using modular checks over prime numbers .
( As was done in the latest record for Pi . )
This completely avoids the need for a second conversion .
( The program already does this to some extent , but it is not quite sufficient to qualify as a verification of the full conversion . )
Because e is a fast constant to compute ( in comparison to other constants ) , the divisions and the radix conversions dominate the total run-time .
However , neither of these operations were well - optimized in any way since the program was originally written for the much slower constants ( i.e. Euler - Mascheroni Constant ) where divisions and conversions are negligible to total run-time .
Nevertheless , the program was efficient enough to perform the computation on a desktop within a reasonable amount of time .
However , letting it drag on for more than 10 days was pretty painful since it tied down my primary entertainment computer which I use for video - intensive gaming as well Anime .
( And for reasons that will be explained later , my workstation could not be used for this computation . )
Algorithms
Not much here .
Most of the arithmetic algorithms have been largely unchanged since last year 's computation of the Euler - Mascheroni Constant .
Virtually all the math and all the algorithms have been untouched .
Nearly all improvements to the program since then were done at the implementation level .
The only thing worth mentioning is that large multiplications on disk were done using the standard 3 - step and 5 - step convolution algorithms - which are the best known approaches for minimizing disk access .
But even then , disk products are still highly limited by bandwidth .
So for large products , every effort was made to try fitting them into memory .
In such cases , the program will attempt in - place FFTs , CRT convolution reductions , and even go as far as sacrificing parallelism to fit a particular product in memory .
Only when all else fails does it use 3 - step convolution on disk .
With such a headache involving disk access , it only made sense that the existing multiple hard drive support ( in Basic Swap Mode ) was extended to include the large swap computations ( Advanced Swap Mode ) .
And as such , a software raid layer was built into the program that allows dynamic striping of an unlimited number of hard drives .
The dynamic striping provides the flexibility of allowing the program to choose its own stripe - sizes and freely switch back and forth between interleaved striping and append striping .
Although currently not used , this will allow the program to optimally select the trade - off between fast sequential access ( interleaved striping ) vs. fast strided access ( append striping ) .
For this particular computation , only 4 hard drives were used - which could have easily been combined using hardware Raid 0 .
But in the interest of testing the program 's multi- hard drive feature , the 4 hard drives were kept as seperate logical volumes .
Overclocking
In addition to vamping up disk bandwidth by cramming in more hard drives , overclocking was used to speed up the computer and further increase its computing potential .
With 4 hard drives and nearly 500 MB/s of disk bandwidth , swap computations even at this size are no longer dominated by disk access .
In fact , more than half of the actual run-time is spent limited by CPU and memory rather than disk .
Therefore , overclocking is a worthwhile option to further increase performance .
For this type of application , a lot of effort is usually put into squeezing out every last percent of performance from the software .
However , many fail to realize that the hardware can be a great opportunity for improvment as well .
With the right tools and skills , it is usually possible to squeeze out a generous amount of performance out of the hardware .
Problems with Overclocking
The greatest concern of overclocking is of course stability and reliability .
An improperly overclocked system can randomly crash or produce errors when under heavy load with intense heat and stress .
Even a seemingly stable system that passes all stress tests such as Prime95 and Linpack may go unstable after days of heavy load and extreme stress .
There may be a variety of reasons such as higher ambient temperatures , vdroop , or simply a degrading processor ...
To make matters worse , this type of computation does not tolerate errors of any kind .
Even though there is error - correction built into the program itself , it is best to not rely on it since most instability will usually result in a BSOD or a system crash of some sort - which the program cannot recover from .
However , overclocking when done properly can be as stable as an non-overclocked system .
It can therefore be an effective way to increase the performance of a system without any expensive hardware upgrades .
It does , however , void the warranties of the hardware .
But rarely is that a problem since ( most ) computer hardware will last much longer than their warranties when given enough care .
First we must understand why overclocking is possible .
Why would Intel or AMD sell a processor at xx GHz if it is capable of clocking higher ?
( excluding marketing and economical reasons )
There are many reasons to this - many of which are obviously proprietary .
But one of the more common reasons is simply heat .
Retail processors are often sold with a set gurantee on its lifetime expectancy .
However , the MTTF ( Mean Time to Failure ) of the transistors that reside in them is exponentially related to the sustained operating temperature .
The equation that governs this is given by Black 's equation for Electromigration :
Where :
A = Constant w = Width j = Current Density Q a = Activiation energy of the material k = Boltzmann Constant T = Absolute Temperature
So every degree increase in sustained operating temperature can drastically reduce the life of the processor .
And conversely , reducing the sustained operating temperature can exponentially increase the life of the processor .
Overclocking a processor by increasing its frequency and voltage obviously increases its power consumption and heat production .
This in effect decreases the life of a processor .
So the processor will ( usually ) be able to operate at higher frequencies will absolute stability , but it simply wo n't last as long .
( Though this reasoning is highly simplified since there are many other factors that come into play . )
The simple solution is to find a better way to dissipate the extra heat produced from overclocking .
Retail processors are often sold with heatsinks that are " barely enough " to keep the processor from overheating .
However , there are numerous 3rd - party heatsinks and coolers that are of much higher quality and can dissipate much more heat .
These can range from tower heatsinks with heat - pipes , to water cooling , to phase - change , to Liquid Nitrogen .
( although the latter is not practical for extended use )
By investing in some of these after - market coolers , it is possible to reduce the temperature of the processor enough where it can be safely overclocked with little or no adverse effects .
I should note that heat is obviously not the only problem in overclocking a computer .
But it is presented here a simple example of how a barrier to overclocking can be taken down with a little investment and tweaking .
Ensuring Stability
Using standard overclocking techniques , the computer was easily overclocked to 3.5 GHz with no increases in voltages and only slight changes in memory timings .
The processor was then further pushed up to 3.8 GHz - at which all the standard stability tests were run .
( Prime95 , Linpack , etc ...)
With only slight bumps in voltages and slightly relaxed memory timings , the system was able to pass all stability tests at 3.8 GHz for several hours .
In particular , all stress tests except for Linpack were able to run for several hours without error at 3.9 GHz or higher .
To ensure stability , the entire system was clocked backed down slightly ( via lowering the base clock ) so that the processor was down to 3.5 GHz .
All other settings ( including voltages ) were kept constant .
This effectively provided a 300 MHz safety margin for which ensure stability .
Overclocking the memory from 1066 MHz to 1333 MHz followed a similar process .
Except that very little safety margin was used since the memory was " rated for overclock @ 1333 MHz under the right conditions " .
The uncore frequency was also overclocked ( from 2.17 GHz to 2.83 GHz ) using the same standard overclocking techniques .
It should be noted that this overclock was not done soley for the purpose of this computation .
The computer had always been running at 3.5 GHz ( or higher ) since the second day it was built ( July 2009 ) .
Since then , the computer has been put under extremely stressful workloads for months at a time at 3.5 GHz , and 3.8 GHz .
Not once has a single error or crash ever occur at 3.5 GHz .
And only once did 3.8 GHz fail ( resulting in a BSOD ) , but that was during the first week of testing it when no safety margins were applied yet .
3.5 GHz was chosen as the frequency to use because the minimum fan speed that was needed to keep 3.8 GHz from overheating was too loud for my roommate and I to handle for more than a few hours ...
( For 3.8 GHz to be stable with a 300 MHz safety margin , a significant increase in voltage was needed to allow the system to pass all stress tests at 4.1 GHz ...)
There have been multiple instances where the cpu was clocked to 4.2 GHz and higher , but none of those sessions were sustained for more than a few hours due to overheating issues .
Hence , the processor is clearly capable of much higher frequencies if overheating was n't a problem .
The final frequency was set at 3.33 GHz ( 3.5 GHz turbo boost ) - which is a 25 % increase from the default frequency of 2.66 GHz ( 2.80 GHz turbo boost ) .
This effectively made the processor run slightly faster than the much more expensive Core i7 Extreme 975 - which runs at 3.33 GHz ( 3.46 GHz turbo boost ) .
At 3.5 GHz , the load temperature of the hottest core ranged from 70C - 76C in slient mode ( all fans to minimum ) and 65 - 70C in normal mode .
These corresponded to ambient temperatures of roughly 73 F - 80 F .
With all fans set to maximum speed , the processor is capable of sustaining 4.2 GHz .
Under load with an ambient temperature of 80 F , the hottest core will reach 80C - 83C - which is also near the point where the processor begins to throttle down the turbo boost .
If water cooling is used , it might be possible to achieve stability at upwards of 4.5 GHz with this particular processor .
( Though the voltages that would be required to sustain that would likely be unsafe for the processor ... )
Despite all the drawbacks of overclocking , I find that debugging hardware instability is no different from debugging multi- threaded code .
Errors are usually intermittent and non-reproducible ...
You never really know when you 've fixed something ...
It feels great when it finally works ...
Both can be major headaches ...
In the end , debugging hardware is usually fun .
( to me at least )
But debugging code is usually frustrating ...
Notes
The original plan was to attempt 1 trillion digits using the same workstation that was used in last year 's computations .
That workstation has :
2 x Intel Xeon X5482 @ 3.2 GHz ( 8 physical cores ) 64 GB ram 750 GB + 4 x 1 TB HDs with 400 MB /s total disk bandwidth .
But technical difficulties along with being far away from home ( and no physical access to the machine ) , meant that I could not use my workstation for such a computation until at least Spring Break .
So the only other option was to use the next best computer I had , my overclocked desktop .
( Originally that workstation was in my dorm room in Chicago .
But after the school year ended , I moved it home to California .
Since then , I 've been remote controlling it . )
As stated near the top of this page , my desktop has :
Intel Core i7 @ 3.5 GHz ( 4 physical cores ) 12 GB ram 1.5 TB + 1 TB HDs
Which is of course , a much less capable machine ...
Since this desktop was my primary programming box and entertainment center ,
It would have been quite problematic to tie it down for an extended period of time .
( This is in contrary to last year .
That was back when my workstation was still with me in Chicago - when it was in total excess and had absolutely no other purpose besides gaming and bragging rights . )
So in the end , I decided to grab a few extra hard drives and go with a smaller computation - using my little desktop ...
Questions or Comments
Contact me via e-mail .
I 'm pretty good with responding unless it gets caught in my school 's junk mail filter .
Back To :
In the past five months , we ’ve counted lines of code given thanks in Lego , and even waxed poetic -- but most importantly , we ’ve been working hard on bringing Google Chrome for Mac from its initial beta to the stable channel .
Today , I ’m happy to announce that Google Chrome for Mac is being promoted out of beta to our stable channel .
We believe that it provides not only the stability , performance and polish that every Mac user expects , but also a seamless native Mac application experience that Mac users will feel instantly at home with .
Just like its Windows and Linux siblings , the stable version of Chrome for Mac comes with all the goodness of one of our biggest speed improvements to date .
We ’ve worked to make Chrome for Mac fast , fully - featured and extensible - with access to more than 4,500 extensions in the gallery .
Some of Chrome for Mac ’s most - requested features are now available , including full - screen mode ( just hit Command +
Shift + F ! ) , easy and powerful bookmark management , as well as the ability to synchronize not only bookmarks , but also browser preferences across computers .
For those of you already on the beta channel , you ’ll be auto - updated to the stable channel soon - or , if you do n’t want to wait , you can download the stable version of Chrome for Mac today .
If you later decide that you ’d like to return to the beta channel to experience new , experimental features and improvements , you can always find the link back to the beta channel on google .com / chrome
[ AsiaBSDCon 2010 ] : March 11 - 14 , 2010 , Tokyo , Japan - Summary
As in years past , the AsiaBSDCon conference was amazing .
The quality of papers , presentations and speakers just gets better every year .
I want to give some colour to the videos and slides that have already been posted by J.C. Roberts .
The presentations and papers on - line are nice but they could use some commentary .
Louis visits one of America 's leading children 's psychiatric treatment centres in an effort to understand why some parents put their children on drugs to control their behaviour .
More
Immigration : Anarchy Worked
Let me get straight to the point :
There ’s no difference in principle between a “ national border ” and the turf claim of a street gang .
None . Zero. Zip. Zilch .
Nada .
“ National borders ” and “ gang turf lines ” are imaginary lines drawn on the ground in order to assert baseless claims of territorial authority .
The only thing which differentiates them is that most governments are better - armed than most street gangs .
Not better - behaved , just better armed .
The passage of a Jim Crow / police state law in the US state of Arizona last week , based on alleged threats to that state ’s civil order and economic health , is a fitting hook on which to hang a brief history of travel over the “ national borders ” claimed by the United States .
To hear the Know - Nothings complain , you ’d think that the US has a history of strict border control and that the federal government has only recently begun to lie down on the job .
Nothing could be further from the truth .
For close to a century , the federal government exerted precisely zero control over immigration .
People decided where they wanted to be and then they went there , with no need to request permission .
It was a quintessentially anarchic process — and it worked .
Westward expansion and industrialization over the course of only a couple of generations would have been impossible without an unrestrained flow of immigrant labor .
America ’s resident population could n’t breed fast enough to transform itself from an agrarian society to an industrial society .
The framers of the US Constitution did n’t even bother to enumerate a federal power to control immigration , choosing only to provide for regulation of naturalization of immigrants — i.e. how they might go about becoming citizens .
While some assert an implied original intent to allow for immigration regulations , there ’s no such intent alluded to in The Federalist Papers , while a complaint about the lack of such an intent is found in the anti-federalist literature of the time .
The US Congress passed four naturalization laws between 1790 and 1870 , none of which purported to regulate immigration in any way .
It was n’t until 1875 that the Supreme Court conjured up a federal power to control immigration ( because the states had started doing so themselves and resurgent federalism needed to be nipped in the bud ) .
It was n’t until 1882 that the first restriction on immigration ( the Chinese Exclusion Act ) became law .
It was n’t until 1891 that a federal Bureau of Immigration was created , its main job being to collect a “ head tax ” of 50 cents from each person passing through Ellis Island .
It was n’t until the early 20th century that the federal government created a formal policy of regulating immigration for protectionist economic purposes .
Passports for entering and leaving the United States were n’t regularly issued until 1941 .
Prior to that , a few had been issued to US envoys during the Revolution , and temporary passport schemes had been put into operation during the Civil War and World War One , ending when those wars ended .
It was n’t until 1952 that Congress passed the first comprehensive set of regulations on immigration .
The history of US immigration regulation is part and parcel of the history of expansion of government power in America .
In its form of the last 60 years , it represents the tail end of New Deal social engineering and the front end of “ the instrumentality of a totalitarian bureaucracy within our shores ” which “ conservative ” activist William F. Buckley , Jr. called for pursuant to the Cold War .
When someone claims to be for “ smaller government ” while simultaneously clamoring for “ border security ” and against “ amnesty ” for peaceful people whose only “ crime ” is crossing an imaginary line drawn on the ground by a street gang on steroids , they ’re contradicting themselves .
There is no smaller form of government than anarchy , and anarchy worked when it came to immigration .
It would still be working today if not for the fact that an unrestrained government ( and no government allows itself to be restrained forever ) grows into every niche , and strangles every outgrowth , of human activity .
So now the question is when all of Allah ’s creation is good , where does evil come from ?
We see that there are two aspects of a deed : first is its actual existence , and the second is its relation to its doer .
The topic of compulsion and free will has been hotly debated in intellectual discourses for as long as human mind started pondering over the issues of ‘ good ’ and ‘ evil ’ and Divine justice , reward , and punishment .
The issue has been discussed in all civilizations and has touched the cores of all great minds .
Many a people have been led astray because they could not comprehend the issue in its entirety .
One of the reasons for deviation has been looking at one aspect while neglecting the other and taking that one aspect to its extreme form as an argument .
The Holy Qur’an , the Divine book of wisdom and guidance , does not leave this vital issue unanswered , but those who forsook the Teachers of this miraculous book – the Ahlul Bayt ( peace be upon them ) – also as a result forsook the true light of guidance emanating from the Holy Book and thus lost the path .
Let us begin with the brief discussion of ‘ good ’ and ‘ evil ’ in human deeds .
All the creation of Allah is good : Allah is the Creator of everything .
Indeed , as per traditions from the Ahlul Bayt , whatever can be categorized as a ‘ thing ’ is a creation .
So except Allah , everything is creation , and now , “ Who made good everything that He has created . ” ( 32:7 ) Therefore , whatever Allah has created is good .
But at the same time we see that certain acts have been named evil by Allah : “ Whoever brings a good deed , he shall have ten like it , and whoever brings an evil deed , he shall not be recompensed but only with the like of it . ” ( 6:160 )
So now the question is when all of Allah ’s creation is good , where does evil come from ?
We see that there are two aspects of a deed : first is its actual existence , and the second is its relation to its doer .
In their actual existence , the deeds are not evil , but when seen with respect to the relation to their doers , they can take the form of evil .
Some examples could be : a sexual act – when the act is performed within the confines of marriage , it is considered a permissible or even recommended deed , but outside the parameters of a marital relationship , it is considered one of the worst forms of Divine disobedience .
Likewise , if a man is killed according to Divine law in reprisal to a capital offense , it is considered good , but if a man is killed unjustly by criminals , it becomes evil .
Therefore , all the creation of Allah is good , but the deviation from Divine laws leads to evil .
The issue of misfortunes also has two angles to it .
Every misfortune is created by Allah , and at that stage it is not evil , but when looked upon from man ’s perspective when he loses some bounties of Allah as a result of the misfortune , it can be regarded as evil in his context .
After this brief discussion of ‘ good ’ and ‘ evil ’ comes the question of guidance and deviation and our free will or predetermination in such acts .
We will take this issue along with the following discussion : the ownership of Allah of this whole universe is absolute , unconditional , and unlimited , whereas the ownership of His creatures is vertical and limited .
Allah has allowed some of His creatures to use some things to a certain limits , but the user and used are His property , and the user cannot exceed the authorized limits .
Allah disposes and manages
His property as per His will , and no one can use anything except with His permission , because He is the real Owner and Sustainer of everything .
Now , Allah Himself has given freedom to His servants to choose the right and wrong in their actions .
He has made man seeing and hearing and has ordered him :
“ And follow not that of which you have not the knowledge ; surely . the hearing and the sight and the heart , all of these shall be questioned about that . ” ( 17:36 ) He has shown the way of the truth and has given freedom to choose : “ Surely We have shown him the way : he may be thankful or unthankful . ” ( 76:03 )
Allama Tabatabai in Al - Mizan elaborates on the issue : “ He does not compel man to obey or to disobey the divine commands .
Had there been any compulsion , rewarding the obedient ones with the paradise and punishing the disobedient ones with the hell would have been absolutely wrong : the reward would have been an unprincipled venture , and the punishment an unmitigated oppression and injustice , and all of it is evil according to reason .
Moreover , it would mean favoring one against the other without any justification , without any cause – and this too is a demerit according to reason .
Furthermore , it would provide the aggrieved party with a valid argument against Allah ; but Allah says : ‘… so that people should not have an argument against Allah after the ( coming of ) apostles ’ ( 4:165 ) ; ‘… that he who would perish might perish by clear proof , and he who would live might live by clear proof . ’ ( 8:42 ) ”
The Divine laws which are for the good of man ’s life in this world and the Hereafter are not based on compulsion .
Man has freedom to choose either to obey or disobey .
When man chooses to obey , his capabilities are enhanced by Allah , and he walks more firmly on the path and sees more clearly , but when he chooses to disobey , as a result of his disobedience he obtains evil in his acts and furthers on the path of deviation as repeated sins blind the eyes .
Man chose to disobey
His commands in the first place , and as a result , he was left unguided and furthered into error :
“ He causes many to err by it , and many He leads aright by it , but He does not cause to err by it ( any ) except the transgressors . ”
( 2:26 ) And “ when they turned aside , Allah made their hearts turn aside . ” ( 61:5 ) “ Thus does Allah cause him to err who is extravagant , a doubter . ” ( 40:34 ) The verses establish that transgressors , extravagant ones , or doubters are led astray by Allah .
Man on his own choice adopted transgression , extravagance , or ignorance in first place , and as a punishment he is furthered into deviation .
So we see that the Divine will has given man freedom of will ; neither the Divine will negates human will , nor does human will collides with the Divine will .
To conclude , we quote Imam Ali ( peace be upon him ) as quoted in Al - Mizan by Allama Tabatabai :
“ It is reported in ‘ Uyun a1 - Akhbar through several chains : When the Leader of the Faithful Imam Ali ibn Abi Talib ( peace be upon him ) returned from Siffin , an old man ( who has participated in that battle ) stood up and said : ‘ O Leader of the Faithful !
Tell us about this journey of ours , was it by Allah ’s decree and measure ? ’
The Leader of the faithful said : ‘ Yes , O Shaikh !
By Allah , you did not ascend any elevation , nor did you descend to any valley but by a decree of Allah and by His measure . ’
The old man thereupon said : ‘ I leave to Allah all my troubles ( of this journey ) , O Leader of the Faithful !’
( The Imam ) replied : “ Have patience , O Shaikh !
Perhaps you take it to mean a firm decree and a com­pulsory measure !
If it were so , then there would be no justifica­tion of reward or punishment , no sense of command , prohibition or admonition , no meaning of promise or threat ; there would not be any blame on an evil - doer nor any praise for a good - doer .
Nay , the good - doer would have been rather more deserving of blame than the evil - doer , and the evil - doer rather more worthy of grace than the good - doer .
( Beware ! ) this is the belief of the idol - worshippers and the enemies of the Beneficent God ( who are ) the Qadariyyah of this nation and its Majus .
O Shaikh !
Verily Allah ordained ( the Shariah ) giving freedom of will ( to men ) and prohibited ( evil ) to keep us on guard ; and He gave plentiful ( reward ) for meager ( deeds ) ; and He was not disobeyed by being overpowered , nor was He obeyed by compulsion ; and He did not create the heavens and the earth and what is between them in vain ; that is the opinion of those who disbelieve on account of the fire . ' ”
A reader writes :
Thank you for highlighting the work of Chris Christie here in NJ .
I 'm a Democrat .
I did n't vote for him , but I did n't vote for him primarily because of the campaign he ran and his refusal to condemn the actions of Bush and the national party .
But after the election , he did something very few politicians do .
He chose to do more to balance the state budget than he 'd originally promised .
He backtracked on campaign promises that should not have been kept ( like his vague reassurances to the teachers unions , or his promise to increase property tax rebates ) , while keeping many of the promises that were most needed and most difficult to fulfill .
It 's really surprised me , and I 'm thankful that more NJ residents voted for him than for Corzine ( who all but the most partisan Democrat will admit was an awful governor ) .
Christie 's acted as though the last 20 years of Republican evolution never happened .
He 's also the first governor our state has had in quite a long time who 's actually interested in running the state effectively .
It 's really quite refreshing .
Video above via E.D. Kain who writes :
Mark Thompson noted not long ago that a lot of Christie ’s spending cuts were really just spending shifts to local municipalities .
Now , to be fair , this goes into something I ’ve been pushing  autonomy  and if local governments have to bear the fiscal burden and get their autonomy out of the deal maybe that could work out well  at least for mid to large sized cities .
Zooming in , two Jersey readers are upset over Christie 's cuts in two areas - libraries and public broadcasting .
One writes :
The Governor has called on government programs to embrace group contracts , shared services , and fiscal responsibility .
The libraries in New Jersey have long been adherents to these principles .
Group contracts for databases and internet access have resulted in taxpayer savings of nearly 100 million dollars ; the borrowing of books between NJ libraries saves additional taxpayer monies in utilizing shared resources ; and many libraries stay within their budgets and put away money for future constructions and projects .
Yet , rather than being elevated as a role model for what the Governor wishes department heads to emulate , funding for state library programs is being slashed by 74 % .
This would eliminate funding for internet access for over 80 % of libraries around the state at a time when the unemployment rate is roughly 10 % and employers have moved their employment applications exclusively online .
At a time when reliance on the internet is at an all time high by those on the other side of the digital divide , this funding would be cut .
The response from the Governor 's office to the elimination of funding has been a stock answer : that it is all part of the statewide shared sacrifice .
This shared sacrifice is being performed on the backs of the unemployed , small businesses , students of all grade level , and those without internet access .
He cannot , in any amount of seriousness , hope to revitalize the state economy and lower the unemployment levels by taking away funding from the one government entity that unequivocally supports small business and the unemployed .
It 's an untenable position .
The budget axe does fall heavy , but it should not fall on the heaviest on the programs that embrace the principles the fiscal responsibility the most .
And yes , I 'm biased on this subject .
I rallied with other librarians last week at the state capital for the restoration of funding .
It 's not even a big sum by any measure of the government spending imagination ; it 's $ 10.4 million dollars .
But it irks me when a Governor touts one thing and then punishes the people who are already engaged in doing it .
Another :
I can't argue with NJ Gov. Christie being a potential bad - ass , budget - wise .
But he 's not playing an honest man 's game .
This story needs to be told :
Our state 's public broadcasting network , NJN , is in danger of being handed over - for nothing - to its interim director , Howard Blumenthal , who was brought in with the guise of rescuing the network from its budget crisis .
Christie is on board with this seemingly criminal transaction ; he and Blumenthal , who is angling to take over the network , are claiming the network 's assets are worth $ 5 million , tops .
According to one of the network 's founders , the network ( esp. its expensive transistors ) is worth at least $ 250 million .
Word has it that Blumenthal intends to sell the airspace to cellular companies ( e.g. , Verizon ) - and this money is going where ?
We know where it 's not going to go : to New Jerseyans , currently the stakeholders in NJN .
And everyone knows our state is mad broke , right ?
( Full disclosure : I only know of this angle to the story because my sibling and his colleagues at NJN were told unceremoniously , by Blumenthal , to ready their resumes . )
The beauty of the Dish is that it reaches into local stories - across the country and the world .
While " the fiscal balls of Chris Christie " may seem admirable from afar , please hold that thought until you hear from the locals .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Shangri-La is the official name of a small Chinese town in a mountainous valley on the edge of the Tibetan plateau .
Formerly called Zhongdian , the town was renamed Shangri - La by local businessmen with the blessings of the national government in order to spur tourism .
Who would not want to visit Shangri - La ?
I ’ve been twice , and sorry to say , it is no Shangri - La .
But on my last visit there a pristine 6 - inch layer of snow in April covered the normally dusty and dilapidated old town , and in this clean robe it actually looked picturesque .
Old guy on the main street of Shangri - La .
For hundreds of years this frontier town has been an overnight stop for travelers along the winding road from the agriculturally rich highlands of Yunnan to the dry wind - swept lands of Tibet .
The shops along the main street of Shangri - La today sell an exotic assortment of household goods to a steady stream of Tibetan and minority farmers trudging in from the countryside .
A hundred one - room shops along a drab main street offer sturdy leather boots , brightly woven carpets , farm hardware , rugged horse blankets , hot water thermos bottles , solar battery rechargers , cheap iron tools , and fancy striped fabrics and ribbons .
Mixed among this traditional ware were dozens of shops that sold nothing but DVDs for thousands of movies .
A few of the shops had a greater selection of movies for sale or rent than your local Blockbuster .
Some of the thousands were Hollywood hits , some were Hong Kong kungfu episodes , or Korean series , but most were Chinese - made films .
Almost all of the discs were cheap ( less than $ 3 ) pirated copies .
The new digital “ freeconomy ” where copies flow without payment is not just a trait of cosmopolitan cities ; information wants to be free even in the most remote parts of the globe .
I was in China , in part , to answer this simple question : how does the China film industry continue to produce films in a land where everything seems to be pirated ?
If no one is paying the filmmakers , how ( why ) do they keep producing films ?
But my question was not just about China .
The three largest film industries in the world are India , Nigeria and China .
Nigeria cranks out some 2,000 films a year ( Nollywood ) , India produces about 1,000 a year ( Bollywood ) and China less than 500 .
Together they produce four times as many films per year as Hollywood .
Yet each of these countries is a haven , even a synonym , for rampant piracy .
How do post - copyright economics work ?
How do you keep producing more movies than Hollywood with no copyright protection for your efforts ?
This question was pertinent because the rampant piracy in the movie cultures of India , China and Nigeria seemed to signal a future for Hollywood .
Here in the West we seem to be headed to YouTubeland were all movies are free .
In other words we are speeding towards the copyright - free zones represented by China , India and Nigeria today .
If so , do those movie industries operating smack in the middle of the cheap , ubiquitous copies flooding these countries have any lessons to teach Hollywood on how to survive ?
The answers uncovered by my research surprised me .
My first surprise was the discovery that in each of these famously pirate - laden countries , piracy is not really rampant – at least not in the way it is usually portrayed by copyright police .
Piracy of imported ( i.e. , Hollywood ) films is rife , but locally produced films are pirated to a lesser degree .
The reasons are complex and subtle .
Most Nollywood films are completed in two weeks .
The first consideration is quality .
Nigerian films are a unique blend of a soap - opera and a Bollywood musical ; there ’s a bunch of talking then a bunch of dancing .
To call some of the Nigerian films low - budget would be to insult low - budget films .
Many of the thousands of Nigerian movies are more like no -budget films .
But even big - budget Bollywood films are cheap compared to Hollywood , so the total revenue needed to sustain their production is much smaller than Hollywood blockbusters .
Naturally the smaller the costs , the less needed to recoup the expenses .
For some films even a trickle of revenues may be enough .
Posters on the Lagos street ( via Esquire )
But more importantly , low quality is not just a trait of illegal stuff .
In Nigeria , particularly in the poorer north , a vast network of small - time reproduction centers serve up copies of films for an audience of many millions .
Originally an underground network of copy centers replicated VHS tapes ; now the network pumps out optical disks .
In the former days of VHS tape copies , the official versions had much better printed covers .
These readable and brightly colored covers were their chief selling point , and printing the covers was the bottleneck at which the film industry exerted their policing .
But these days in Nigeria , as in the rest of the developing world , movie disks are usually VCDs ( video CDs ) rather than DVDs .
Although lower in resolution , VCDs are easier to duplicate , with cheaper blanks , and in a quality that is “ good enough ” on a cheap TV screen .
These copies are rented out for a few cents from small dusty shacks .
But often the cheap VCDs which rent for pennies are “ legitimate ” – duplicated under an arrangement with the movie producer .
The filmmakers and the duplicators have cleverly reduced the price of legitimate discs near to the price of pirated disks .
In fact the same operators will usually duplicate both .
Since the legitimate disks are n’t that much more expensive than illicit ones , distributors have less incentive to bother with lower - quality pirated versions .
In addition the financing of films in Nigeria is closely aligned with the underground economy .
Investing in a film is considered a smart way to launder money .
Accounting practices are weak , transparency low , and if you are a thug with a lot of cash “ to invest ” you get to hang around movie stars by bankrolling a film .
In short the distinction between black market disks and official disks generated with black market money is slim .
Nigerian filmmakers look to two other sources of revenue for their trickle of money : theaters and TV .
Theaters in Nigeria offer a very precious commodity for very cheap ticket : air conditioning for several hours .
The longer the film the better the deal .
Theaters also offer a superior visual experience to watching a tape of VCD on an old television .
You might actually be able to read the subtitles , or hear the background sounds .
The full theatrical experience of a projected film is simply not copyable by a cheap optical disk .
So box office sales remain the major revenue support for a film .
As Nigeria ’s nascent TV industry grows , its appetite for content means there is additional revenues for broadcasting films on either airways or cable systems .
Bollywood wall poster in Rajastan ( via Meanest Indian )
Bollywood is likewise supported by air - conditioning .
Few Indians have aircon in their homes , fewer own air - conditioned cars .
Mid-afternoon in the summer you really do n’t want to be anywhere else except in a cool theater for several hours – which is why Bollywood films can go on forever .
You can sell a lot of movie tickets this way , even though someone could get the same movie for almost free as a DVD on the steaming hot , dusty street one block away .
Like Nigeria , India has a similar mixture of piracy and legitimacy in its film industry .
Bollywood and mafia money are famously intertwined .
In terms of money laundering , tax - avoidance , and covert money flows , the entire film industry is a gray market .
The behind - the - scenes people making illegal copies of films also make the legal copies .
And prices for legit and pirated versions are almost at parity .
So why even bother with pirated movies ?
Because India has had a very draconian censorship policy for official studio films .
Their famous “ no kissing ” rule is but one example .
This censorship has pushed niche films to the underground where they are served by the piracy network .
If you want something independent , racy , out of the ordinary , or simply not in the mainstream , you are forced to patronize the pirates .
This includes the filmmakers as well as the audience .
If you produce an avant - garde film how else to get it seen ?
Cheap duplication on the street is the way a filmmaker will get his art out , further blurring the distinction between legit and illegal .
As in Nigeria , this convergence means the purchase price of an official VCD may not be much more than a pirated version , about US$ 3 .
In effect Indian filmmakers see these low disc prices as advertising to lure the masses into cool theaters to see the latest releases on the glorious big screen .
The hi-touch factor of the theaters is the reward for paying , and the pirated versions are the tax or costs for getting attention .
China also has a censorship problem .
Big budget films are subsidized by the government , and live off theatrical release .
In fact getting screen time in theaters is heavily politicized .
Independent films ca n’t get booked in the limited number of theaters , so they get to their audience on optical disks .
And if a viewer wants to watch a film not produced by state - sponsored studios they have to find one on the streets .
As in India and Nigeria , the price of legitimate copies are close to pirated , so for consumers there is no difference between the two .
You can rent a copy of either type for about 25 cents a night .
The third leg supporting indigenous film industries in lands without copyright enforcement is television .
Particularly cable television .
Television is a beast that must be fed every hour of the day , and the industry insiders I spoke to in India , China , and Nigeria all saw a television spot as a legitimate destination for independent artists .
The sums paid for work appearing on cable TV were not large , but they were something .
Because television runs on attention and is supported by ads , the issues of piracy are sidestepped .
For some producers pirated discs on the street create an audience , which might translate into a call to run their work on TV , or else prompt an invitation to produce something new .
Where indigenous filmmakers feel the sting of piracy is not within their own countries but in the very active export market .
Nigerian films are watched throughout African and in the Nigerian diaspora ; likewise Indian films are early sought out throughout South Asia and the Mid-East and in deep Indian communities in the West .
Chinese films are watched in East Asia .
Most of this market is served by pirated editions , depriving the filmmakers of potential international income .
In this way these ethnic film industries share the same woes as Hollywood .
But in their home turf , where the success of a film really lies , piracy is a different animal than the specter predicted by Hollywood .
Back on the gritty streets in Shangri - La I went looking for that utopian dream : a DVD of a first run movie for a dollar .
That dream was too optimistic , even for Shangri - La , but I did find a copy of the latest Harry Potter movie ( with Chinese subtitles ) for $ 3 , and upon close inspection it sure looked like a legit version .
Clean design , Chinese style , crisp printing on the box , no typos , official looking holograph seal , etc .
It was most probably illegal , but who knows ?
It would take a lot of research to determine its true origins , and for most consumers , like me , a moot question since every DVD vendor in town seemed to have the same inventory of mixed goods , all priced about the same .
What do these gray zones have to teach us ?
I think the emerging pattern is clear .
If you are a producer of films in the future you will :
1 ) Price your copies near the cost of pirated copies .
Maybe 99 cents , like iTunes .
Even decent pirated copies are not free ; there is some cost to maintain integrity , authenticity , or accessibility to the work .
2 ) Milk the uncopyable experience of a theater for all that it is worth , using the ubiquitous cheap copies as advertising .
In the west , where air - conditioning is not enough to bring people to the theater , Hollywood will turn to convincing 3D projection , state - of - the - art sound , and other immersive sensations as the reward for paying .
Theaters become hi-tech showcases always trying to stay one step ahead of ambitious homeowners in offering ultimate viewing experiences , and in turn manufacturing films to be primarily viewed this way .
3 ) Films , even fine - art films , will migrate to channels were these films are viewed with advertisements and commercials .
Like the infinite channels promised for cable TV , the internet is already delivering ad - supported free copies of films .
Producing movies in a copyright free environment is theoretically impossible .
The economics do n’t make sense .
But in the digital era , there are many things that are impossible in theory but possible in practice – such as Wikipedia , Flickr , and PatientsLikeMe .
Add to this list : filmmaking to an audience of pirates .
Contrary to expectations and lamentations , widespread piracy does not kill commercial filmmaking .
Existence proof : the largest movie industries on the planet .
What they are doing today , we ’ll be doing tomorrow .
Those far - away lands that ignore copy - right laws are rehearsing our future .
Posted on May 11 , 2010
Code Pink Tries To Arrest Karl Rove At Book Signing
CODEPINK activists stage a citizens arrest of Karl Rove at his book signing in Sacramento , CA on May 10 , 2010 .
REYKJAVIK ( Reuters ) - Icelandic voters vented their fury on Saturday at the bankers and politicians who ruined their economy , overwhelmingly rejecting a $ 5 billion deal to repay debts to Britain and the Netherlands , early results showed .
The outcome of the referendum had not been in doubt since Iceland had recently been offered better repayment terms than those contained in the deal on which residents were voting .
Partial referendum results from around a third of the cast votes showed 93 percent opposed the deal and less than 2 percent supported it .
The rest cast invalid votes .
But the rejection will still have major repercussions , keeping financial aid on hold and threatening to undermine the center - left government of Prime Minister Johanna Sigurdardottir .
“ This has no impact on the life of the government .
We need to keep going and finish the ( Icesave ) debate .
We have to get an agreement , ” Sigurdardottir told public television .
The referendum , Iceland ’s first since independence from Denmark in 1944 , was forced by the refusal of Iceland ’s president to sign a law in January on repayment terms negotiated by the government and approved by parliament .
He cited public anger at the time .
Since then , the anger of the people on this recession - hit island has only grown .
While polls show Icelandic people believe the debts should be repaid , residents bitterly resent being stuck with a bill for the mistakes of a handful of bankers under the watch of foreign governments .
The Icesave debts come to more than $ 15,000 for each one of the 320,000 people on the island .
The debts arose after Iceland ’s top banks all collapsed within days of each other in 2008 , brought down when credit dried up in the global financial crunch .
An election official holds a ballot paper for a referendum in Reykjavik March 6 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Bob Strong
Around 400,000 savers in Britain and the Netherlands had deposits with one of the banks in so - called Icesave online deposit accounts .
The two countries compensated the savers and since then have demanded their money back .
What makes the impasse all the more problematic is that the International Monetary Fund is waiting for the affair to be resolved before resuming financial aid , money which is crucial if Reykjavik is to rebuild a shattered economy .
Iceland , Britain and the Netherlands have been in on - and - off talks for weeks to try to reach a new deal .
They started talks once it became clear which way Icelandic people would vote .
But a deal has proved elusive .
Britain and the Netherlands softened terms , offering a variable interest rate instead of the relatively high fixed rate contained in the old Icesave deal .
Reykjavik held out .
The issue has become so emotive that the government is under pressure to come up with a deal that will clearly be acceptable .
Turnout was high despite freezing rain and howling wind -- not uncommon for March in a country near the Arctic Circle .
A group of several hundred protesters gathered , saying that Iceland should focus on helping its own citizens get through the crisis before repaying foreign obligations .
“ No Icesave .
No traitors in power .
The nation is innocent . ” read one banner .
“ Save our homes instead , ” read another in a loud protest reminiscent of the “ Pots and pans revolution ” which helped bring down the previous Icelandic government a year ago .
“ We want to pay our debts , but we want to do it without going bankrupt , ” said Steinunn Ragnarsdottir , a pianist who voted in Reykjavik City Hall with her two - year - old daughter .
No political parties are backing the “ Icesave ” accord agreed in late 2009 , not even Sigurdardottir who brokered the deal .
She has vowed to stay on after the referendum and said she would not cast a vote in the ballot .
INTEREST RATES
Ultimately , most of the money is likely to be raised eventually by the sale of assets of Landsbanki , which operated Icesave accounts before folding in October 2008 .
The focus of the negotiations is therefore the interest on the loan , which Icelandic officials say could knock about $ 1 billion off their costs .
The Netherlands appears to have hardened its position by linking Icesave with Iceland ’s hopes to join the European Union .
Brussels invited Reykjavik to accession talks last month .
“ The situation has changed , ” Foreign Minister Maxime Verhagen was quoted as saying by ANP news agency on Saturday .
“ Iceland has launched a referendum and the negotiations went wrong .
I see that accession negotiations are an additional tool to enforce the agreement with Iceland , ” Verhagen added .
Iceland ’s central bank already expects the economy to contract more than 3 percent more this year after a steep fall in 2009 .
Failure to reach an Icesave deal could make the economic pain much worse , with no aid coming in and foreign companies delaying or scrapping projects .
The Icesave row with the two European Union countries has also rekindled anti-EU sentiment .
Support for membership has been falling and is now opposed by more than half of Icelanders .
A 16 - year - old Palestinian boy has been shot dead in the West Bank .
Palestinian witnesses and security sources say the teenager was shot by Jewish settlers after rocks were thrown at their car .
Israeli police are investigating but did not confirm that the boy , named as Ayssar Yasser from the village of Mizra al - Sharqiah , had been shot by settlers .
The Israeli army confirmed there was a shooting in the area , near Ramallah , the West Bank 's administrative capital .
A Palestinian ambulance driver told the Associated Press that the boy died near his village , not far from the West Bank city of Ramallah , on Thursday evening .
He had bullet wounds in his back , the ambulance driver said .
Peace talks
Yediot Ahranot , one of Israel 's leading newspapers , reported that some Israelis who were driving by at the time of the incident called the police when they saw a man open fire with an assault rifle .
The death was the first in violence of this kind since Israel and the Palestinians began indirect peace talks on Saturday .
Israel has occupied the West Bank , including East Jerusalem , since 1967 , settling close to 500,000 Jews in more than 100 settlements .
There are about 2.5 million Palestinians living in the West Bank .
Jewish settlements in the West Bank , including East Jerusalem , are illegal under international law , though Israel disputes this .
Timonen , near the left goal line , made a nice backhand pass in front that caused a brief offensive flurry .
Carcillo poked at the puck during a scramble and it bounced to Richards , who scored from the slot , igniting the crowd into a roar that was even louder than when a second - period score was posted : Montreal 4 , Pittsburgh 0 .
( Eighth - seeded Montreal won , 5 - 2 . )
The Adelaide Advertiser has refused to run an Australian Sex Party ad featuring a photoshopped version of opposition leader Tony Abbott clinging desperately to the leg of a woman in fishnet stockings , writes Crikey intern Matt de Neef .
A debate about what constitutes appropriate election advertising has kicked off even before this year ’s federal election has been announced .
News Limited ’s Adelaide tabloid The Advertiser has refused to run an Australian Sex Party advertisement that featured a photoshopped version of opposition leader Tony Abbott clinging desperately to the leg of a woman in fishnet stockings .
The image , which is an advertisement for the Sex Party ’s stall at this weekend ’s Sexpo event , has the young woman saying to Abbott : “ No Tony , I ’m going to Sexpo .
You can do the ironing . ”
According to Australian Sex Party Public Officer Robbie Swan , the advertisement makes reference to Abbott ’s attitudes toward women but the paper refused to run it because he might consider it offensive .
“ They did n’t try to claim that the ad was defamatory or obscene , [ rather ] that it would be offensive to Tony Abbott and they would need his approval , ” he told Crikey .
Thanks for signing up
We look forward to seeing you bright and early with your need - to - know talking points and tidbits for the day ahead .
Get Crikey FREE to your inbox every weekday morning with the Crikey Worm .
Please enter your email address Sign up
In a letter to Advertiser editor - in - chief Melvin Mansell , Swan expressed his surprise at the need for approval : “ The implications that arise … for all political parties who might wish to advertise ‘ against ’ their opponent in forthcoming election … are quite serious and onerous . ”
In a press release today , Sex Party president Fiona Patten said the decision to block the ad was undemocratic and that her party had the backing of precedents in the High Court .
“ All newspaper editors in Australia have an obligation to run any political ad as long as it ’s not defamatory or obscene , ” she said .
“ The roots of democracy are shaken when editors pick and choose over which party can advertise and which cannot . ”
A spokesperson for the Australian Electoral Commission told Crikey there is “ nothing in the Commonwealth Electoral Act that obliges any outlet to publish political advertisements ” .
The Australian Press Council echoed this sentiment , with a spokesperson saying “ it was up to the editors ” to decide what they do and do n’t publish .
Mansell was unavailable for comment , but a spokesperson confirmed the editor had made the decision to block the advertisement .
After extended talks with The Advertiser failed to get their initial advertisement published , the Australian Sex Party submitted a different ad for publication .
The revised copy features an elderly woman and the tagline “ Help us get rid of the nanny state ” , a statement that , according to Swan , is “ as much about the Advertiser as it is about Tony Abbott . ”
The revised advertisement ran on page 26 of today ’s edition .
ANYONE attending the launch on May 12th of the latest version of Microsoft 's Office software suite could have been forgiven for thinking they had walked into a meeting about meteorology rather than technology .
All the talk was of clouds — vast data centres that provide cheap and plentiful computing capacity accessible via the internet — and how companies can take advantage of them to boost productivity .
In a significant move , Microsoft announced new , web - based versions of popular applications such as Word and Excel as part of the “ Office 2010 ” release , and unveiled changes designed to make it easier for workers to collaborate using its software .
These initiatives come at a critical time in the evolution of corporate computing .
After dominating the office desktop for so long , Microsoft now faces a growing challenge from a variety of companies that are betting they can leverage the cloud to erode its share of the market .
Chief among the pretenders to the throne is Google , which is aggressively seeking to persuade companies to ditch Office and other Microsoft products in favour of its own web - based offerings , called Google Apps .
The competition between these two behemoths is likely to become even more intense as companies loosen their IT purse strings as the economic outlook improves .
Google offers some of its web applications free , but these versions lack some of the more sophisticated functions that large companies often need , so it sells them a high - end version of Google Apps for $ 50 per user per year .
The battle with Google Apps is one that Microsoft cannot afford to lose
For Microsoft , this is a battle that it cannot afford to lose .
Office is a big money - spinner for the company and many corporate users are locked into longer - term contracts that guarantee a steady stream of revenue from the software .
Small wonder , then , that Stephen Elop , the head of Microsoft 's business division , has described the launch of Office 2010 as “ an epic release ” .
Among other things , the new , web - based version of Office will make it much easier for workers to use documents and spreadsheets on a host of different devices , including smart phones .
Microsoft has also tweaked its software to make it easier for people to , say , embed videos in PowerPoint presentations and to integrate data from their social networks into online calendars and e-mail services .
And the company plans to offer a free , stripped down version of its web apps that will compete directly with Google 's mass - market offering .
Microsoft says GM and Starbucks have chosen its web offerings after rejecting Google's
Mr Elop points out that Microsoft already has 40 m paying customers using online services from the company , whereas Google can only boast a fraction of that number .
He also claims that firms such as General Motors and Starbucks have decided to embrace Microsoft 's web offerings after weighing them up against Google's .
“ The fact that Microsoft has to point to people who considered Google and decided not to go with us is evidence of how far we have come in the business arena , ” sniffs one senior Google executive .
There is little doubt that Google , which claims it has over 2 m users of its productivity apps , looms large in the rearview mirror of Microsoft 's business division .
This week the company even cheekily proposed to firms using Office 2007 , the previous release of Microsoft 's business software , that they bolt on Google Apps to get much of the web - based functionality they need , instead of upgrading to Office 2010 .
Google has also been tweaking its own cloud services to make them run faster and to give users even more of a desktop - like experience .
Yet while Google has been able to sign up some large clients such as Genentech and Motorola , it still gets the lion 's share of its business from small and medium - sized companies .
The internet giant argues that this will eventually change as more companies rebel against multiple - year contracts and embrace the flexibility that web - based apps offer .
Perhaps , but there are also a host of other companies , including IBM and relatively unknown outfits like Zoho that also have their sights set on this market too .
And Microsoft is clearly gearing up for a fight .
Get ready for a truly epic battle in the cloud .
Decent game
Well I will say this was a decent game and I like the things you can do but it's a bit short and kind of hard so I would say ad more stuff that can allow you to progress a lot better but it's was a fun game overall anyways nice job
~~THINGS TO IMPROVE ON ~ ~
Fun game maybe adding more stuff though
~X ~
My Vietnamese is terrible , but this video demo is still pretty clear .
What you see is a newer version of the 4G iPhone that was bought by Gizmodo .
This iPhone surfaced in Vietnam , and may or may not have been bought on the black market for $ 4,000 .
It certainly looks legit , and in a more finished state than the Gizmodophone :
The ugly screws in the base of the handset are gone , for example .
However , the general design and internal features match up with the prototype seen last month , lending even more credence to the notion that this is , in fact , Apple 's next phone .
The video , from the Vietnamese site Tinhte , also shows something that Gizmodo could n't : that new hi-resolution screen .
Although limited to displaying a test screen , you can see how sharp it is when the camera zooms in .
And talking of cameras , you can also clearly see the front - facing webcam .
The rear case appears to be made of radio - transparent ceramic rather than plastic , and the micro SIM tray slides from the side , iPad - style .
Inside , a teardown has revealed that the new iPhone is built on the Apple - designed A4 chip found in the iPad , which promises a rather powerful handset .
Between this and the iPhone - OS4 - beta revelations , there really are n't many surprises left for Steve Jobs to reveal at the expected launch June 22 .
Sure , we still do n't know the capabilities of those cameras , but we expect a boost in megapixels to around 5 MP , and perhaps 720 p video , but those are just numbers .
No , Steve will have to pull out something big to get our attention .
Maybe , just maybe , AT&T might at last offer tethering ?
11 a.m. PT update : MacRumors chief Arnold Kim has provided a translation of the video , courtesy of a MacRumors forum member
The phone may look small on video , but it 's big in real life .
It feels very sturdy and solid in your hand .
Glass on both front and back .
Back camera has flash .
This new iPhone is somewhat longer than the old one .
He does n't see any way of opening it beside prying it out .
The screen is locked .
From his guess , he says the phone can only be keep enabling by entering a code after time intervals .
The width is narrower then the old phone about a couple mm and longer a couple mm .
On the right is the microsim slot .
Very solid and heavier than the old phone .
It 's a more manly phone and look more modern than the old phone .
Thank you .
That 's it .
i Phone 4G video [ Tinhtevideo / YouTube ]
See Also :
Shortly after it was discovered , the worm began performing a new operation : generating a list of domain names seemingly at random , 250 a day across five top - level domains ( top - level domains are defined by the final letters in a Web address , such as .com or .edu or .uk ) .
The worm would then go down the list until it hit upon the one connected to its remote controller ’s server .
All Conficker ’s controller had to do was register one of the addresses , which can be done for a fee of about $ 10 , and await the worm ’s regular calls .
If he wished , he could issue instructions .
It was as if the boss of a crime family told his henchmen to check in daily by turning to the bottom of a certain page in each day ’s Racing Form , where there would be a list of potential numbers .
They would then call each number until the boss picked up .
So it was not apparent from day to day where the worm would call home .
With the Racing Form trick , if you were a cop and were tipped off where to look , you might arrange with the paper ’s publisher to see the page before it was printed , and thus be one step ahead of the henchmen and their boss .
To defeat Conficker , the geeks would have to figure out in advance what the numbers ( or , in this case , domain names ) would be , and then hustle to either buy up or contact every one , block it , or cajole whoever owned it to cooperate before the worm “ made the call . ”
Michael Ligh , a young Brooklyn researcher employed by the computer - security company iDefense , is one of several people who went to work unraveling Conficker ’s methods .
Ligh and others had seen algorithms for random - domain - name generation before , and most were keyed to the infected computer ’s clock .
If new places to call home must be generated every day , or every few hours , then the worm needs to know when to perform the procedure .
So the malware simply checks the time on its host computer .
This provided the good guys with a tool to defeat it .
They turned the clock forward on their sandbox computer , forcing their captured strain of the worm to spit out all the domain names it would generate for as long into the future as they cared to look .
It was like stealing the teacher ’s edition of a classroom textbook , the one with all the answers to the quizzes and tests printed in the back .
Once you knew all the places the malware would be calling , you could cordon off those sites in advance , effectively stranding the worm .
Conficker had an answer for that .
Instead of using the infected computer ’s clock , the worm set its schedule by the time on popular corporate home pages , like Yahoo , Google , or Microsoft ’s own msn.com .
“ That was interesting , ” Ligh said .
“ There was no way we could turn the clock forward on Google ’s home page . ”
So there was no easy way to predict the list of domain names in advance .
But there was a way .
The first step was to set up a proxy server to , in effect , intercept the time update from the big corporate Web site before it got back to the worm , alter the information , and then send it on .
You could then tell the worm it was a date sometime in the future , and the worm would spit out the domain names for that date .
This was a tedious way to proceed , since you could generate only one set of new domain names at a time .
So Ligh and other researchers reverse - engineered the worm ’s algorithm , extracted the time - update function , and wedded it to a piece of code they could control .
They instructed their copy to generate the future lists in advance .
They could then buy up or block all the sites , and direct all the worm ’s communications into a “ sinkhole , ” a dead - end location where calls go unanswered .
Conficker ’s creators had deliberately made the task so onerous and expensive that no one would go to the trouble of blocking all possible command centers .
It is known as ' the gold coast ' because of the number of rock stars and film celebrities living there , but now the swish south Dublin suburb of Dalkey could become the centre of Ireland 's oil industry .
Exploration group Providence Resources is soon set to begin searching for oil off Dalkey Island .
During the week the company issued a statement saying that initial soundings taken in an exploration licence area in the Kish Bank in the Irish Sea , known as the Dalkey Island prospect , indicate that it has the potential to produce oil .
Any activity will be off - shore and drilling is not likely to begin there for some time .
Providence and its 50 per cent partner in the block , Petronas , initially intend to run seismic tests , which will provide a picture of the area 's geology .
This should provide the main clues to the whereabouts of the oil or natural gas .
Based on the results it will then begin exploratory drilling .
A leading Irish geologist , who did not wish to be named , said that the proof of the pudding would be when drilling took place .
On average , he said , the success rate with drilling was about one in 20 .
" It 's a high - risk business , and everybody in it is trying to hit the jackpot , much of the time unsuccessfully .
But if you do hit it , the rewards are great . "
He said he had been involved in the drilling of " an awful lot of wells around the world " but , unfortunately , most had been unsuccessful .
" At least it looks positive enough at this stage , and we 're badly in need of good news at present , so the best of luck to them , " he said .
But the prospect of oil rigs and the prospect of historic Dalkey turning into a boom town does n't appeal to everybody .
" Possibly it will create jobs but I do n't fancy the place turning into a refinery .
They said it would be a long way off - shore so I do n't think it will have that much of an effect on the views .
It may be a sort of gold - rush , " said Patrick Riordan who has lived in Dalkey for 36 years .
" If you look back into the history of Dalkey in the 1700s , there was a gold fever , so I think it will be similar to this and they will eventually find nothing , " said another resident , who did n't want to be named .
BRENDAN O'CONNOR PAGE 25
Until last week 's announcement Dalkey was best known as the home of Bono , Van Morrison and Michelle Rocca , the film directors Neil Jordan and Jim Sheridan , singer Chris de Burgh and a host of other writers and musicians who have colonised the scenic coast .
The singer Enya has her own castle looking out over the Dalkey Island sound .
Michael Simmons , owner of the Exchange Bookshop on the main street in Dalkey , thinks exploration will be great for Dalkey and is not worried about it affecting the beauty of the island .
" Apparently the infrastructure will be behind Dalkey Island so one wo n't be able to see anything , " he said .
" It wo n't be beneficial to the area but it will be to the economy .
I have no idea what will be found , apparently it is part of a rock formation over in Mersey and they found it on that but it does n't excite me unless it actually happens , " said Joanna Troughton of nearby Ballybrack .
" If it was April 1 , I would have thought it was April 's Fool but I do think it will interrupt the view from my house which I am worried about , " said local Catherine Crothers yesterday .
" It would n't surprise me if oil was found .
I think it could be an issue where the infrastructure is not attractive and it takes away from the view .
That will be where the complaints will arrive .
Job creation will be the only positive aspect , " said Mary Barry , who has lived in Dalkey for three years .
Two men , who regularly fish on the glittering waters of Dalkey and liken it to the beautiful sea views of the Amalfi Coast , said : " If it brings money to the area it will be good .
If oil can be found everywhere else in the world , why not here .
It wo n't bring jobs to the area as they will bring foreigners in .
" I feel sorry for Jim Sheridan if infrastructure is brought in as it will affect his views .
I certainly would n't like to be looking at a big drilling station when I was fishing , " said Ciaran Hickey , Barry Russell and David Russell .
Located eight miles out of the city on the southern end of Dublin Bay , Dalkey is a picture - postcard rural village which is Ireland 's own Beverley Hills with U2 frontman Bono living there and also band member The Edge living in Sorrento Cottage .
Littered with the who's who of Dublin , other residents include best - selling writer Maeve Binchy , who lives on Sorrento Road .
Neil Jordan , director of many popular films such as The Crying Game and Michael Collins , lives on Sorrento Terrace , one of the most sought after addresses in Ireland .
Former Formula 1 racing driver Eddie Irvine also lives on Sorrento Road , as does Van Morrison .
RTE presenter Pat Kenny lives near Bullock Harbour .
Enya , lives in Ayesha Castle in next - door Killiney .
The overall consensus seems to be that residents of Dalkey hope the village will retain its charm despite the oil rush .
So instead of passer - bys vainly searching for Bono , it now looks like they will be coming for the oil instead .
Sunday Independent
" Datura is known in America as poor man 's acid , and the symptoms of it seem to be there in the male figure .
It makes you feel disinhibited and hot , so it makes you want to take your clothes off .
It also makes you swoon . "
By Maggie Shiels
Technology reporter , BBC News , Silicon Valley
Facebook was started as a way for students to share information Facebook has downplayed the significance of a company - wide meeting to discuss privacy issues .
The blogosphere described the meeting as a panic measure following weeks of criticism over the way it handles members ' data .
Several US senators have made public calls for Facebook to rethink its privacy safeguards .
The American Civil Liberties Union , ACLU , launched a petition directed at Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg .
It called on him to regain the trust of users by giving them control over all the information shared via Facebook .
Earlier this week European data protection officials weighed in on the controversy and called privacy changes " unacceptable " .
A number of high - profile users have also deleted their Facebook accounts after the site introduced a new feature that lets non-Facebook websites , or third parties , post the personal views of Facebook users without their consent .
' Back to basics '
Facebook described its internal get together as part of its " open culture " giving employees " a forum to ask questions on a topic that has received a lot of outside interest " .
Industry watchers said the company , which is the world 's biggest social network , has shown it has " lost touch " over the issue .
Facebook 's more than 400 million users share 25 billion things a month " Most of us got onto Facebook because we want to know what our high school quarterback is doing or to reconnect with old school friends , not worry about how our information is going to be used , " Catharine P Taylor , media blogger with news site BNET.com told the BBC .
" They need to get back to basics , throw out their policy and start all over again , " she said .
" It 's way too complex for most people to understand how to change their settings and if they can't make it simple for people to make choices , it will cost them . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A report this week by the New York Times revealed that Facebook 's privacy policy has 50 different settings and 170 options .
The paper also found that the policy is longer than the US Constitution with 5,830 words .
' How to quit '
Recently the issue of how to deactivate a Facebook account has gained traction .
The blog SearchEngineLand reported that anyone who typed the query " How to quit ... " into Google got as their number eight automated result " how to quit Facebook " .
It followed results for how to quit smoking , your job and drinking .
More and more people are investigating how to quit the site A number of well - respected technologists have pulled the plug on their account .
Peter Rojas , co-founder of the gadget site gdgt.com , told ABC News he quit because he " was spending more time managing my account than actually using my account .
" Having to constantly monitor the privacy settings was way too complicated .
You can never be sure you caught everything . "
As a result of the disquiet over Facebook 's approach to privacy , a project that is being viewed as an alternative has been getting a lot of attention .
Diaspora is the brainchild of four students from New York University , which they described as " privacy aware , personally controlled , do - it - all distributed open source social network " .
The students originally set a target to raise $ 10,000 to get their open source project off the ground over the summer but to date more than 3,300 backers have pledged in excess of $ 125,000 .
" This is proof that people are scared and they do n't have anywhere to go , " Diaspora co-founder Max Salzberg told BBC News .
" I think a distributed social network is what people want .
People value all their information online and we want to put users back in control of what they share . "
HAVE YOUR SAY
Why do they have to keep messing with something that works just fine as it is Capella , UK Diaspora is just one of many other alternatives to Facebook starting to spring up that includes OneSocialWeb , Elgg and Appleseed .
Security upgrades
On the same day as the all - hands meeting at Facebook , the company launched new security measures to battle spam and other malicious attacks .
The upgrades include being able to approve the devices users commonly use to log in and being notified when that account has been accessed via a device that has not been approved .
Another feature is giving users the ability to block suspicious logins before they happen .
" We 're confident that these new tools and systems will do a lot to prevent unauthorised logins and the nuisance they can cause , " said Lev Popov , a software engineer on Facebook 's site integrity team .
" As always , though , the first line of defence is you .
We need you to help by practicing safe behaviour on Facebook and wherever you go online . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A Senate vote Tuesday left no doubt : Congress wants to know more about what the Federal Reserve was up to when its asset portfolio grew by more than $ 1 trillion during the financial crisis .
What companies did the Fed help , and on what terms ?
The Senate voted 96 to 0 for the Government Accountability Office to look into those questions by auditing the Fed 's activities since the outbreak of financial turmoil in 2007 .
Supporters argue that the public has a right to know more about bailouts that were conducted by the long - secretive Fed , which acted on its own during the crisis .
Critics of the move say the nation 's central bank should have broad independence from political interference , and that the audit erodes the sharp line that should exist .
In the Senate , transparency found 96 supporters , Fed independence found zero .
Fed no longer revered
It 's a signal of how politically charged the Fed 's actions have become during a time of economic turmoil , far different from the deference and near - reverence that Washington 's elite treated Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan a decade ago .
Earlier this year , Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke had to fight to win Senate approval for a second term , after he was renominated by President Obama .
The Senate 's vote Tuesday involved a proposed amendment to the broader financial reform bill that 's under review .
If the bill passes , it must be reconciled with a House bill that also includes a Fed audit provision .
So now the question appears to be : How tough of an audit will the Fed get ?
The chief backers of the audit idea are a political odd couple , Rep. Ron Paul ( R ) of Texas in the House and Sen. Bernie Sanders ( I ) of Vermont .
On the right , Representative Paul is a libertarian who sees the audit as a step to help the public conclude that the Fed should not exist at all .
On the left , Senator Sanders is known as a " democratic socialist " crusading against an institution that critics say is closely allied with powerful Wall Street bankers .
" When trillions of dollars of taxpayer money are being lent out to the largest financial institutions in this country , the American people have a right to know who received that money and what they did with it , " Sanders said in a statement after the amendment was approved .
" We also need to know what possible conflicts of interest exist involving the heads of large financial institutions , ” he said .
The audit 's limits
The Senate vote is hardly a wholesale repudiation of Fed independence .
The audit wo n't encompass the Fed 's most important powers , its monetary policies including interest - rate decisions .
The Senate provision was altered last week , with Sanders ' consent , to allay concerns about political interference .
Paul , who succeeded in getting a broader version of the audit into the House bill , criticized this narrowing of the provision in the Senate .
Sanders says that , unlike the House provision , the Senate - passed audit will require the Fed to reveal by Dec. 1 the identities of financial firms that Fed lent to during the crisis .
In the past , Fed officials have argued that keeping borrowers ' identities secret is vital , so that Fed efforts to bolster the system during a crisis are n't undermined by banks being afraid of tapping Fed credit lines .
Related :
Botnets such as Zeus target those using online banking Zeus , a virus that steals online banking details from infected computer users , is more powerful than ever , warns a web security company .
Trusteer says it has spotted the Trojan virus in one of every 3,000 of the 5.5 m computers it monitors in the US and UK .
Zeus 1.6 can infect Windows machines using Firefox and Internet Explorer web browsers , the company claims .
The malware steals login information by recording keystrokes when the infected user is on a list of target websites .
These websites are usually banks and other financial institutions .
The user 's data is then sent to a remote server to be used and sold on by cyber - criminals .
" We expect this new version of Zeus to significantly increase fraud losses , since nearly 30 % of internet users bank online with Firefox and the infection is growing faster than we have ever seen before , " said Amit Klein , chief technology officer at Trusteer .
DIY virus
In March 2010 , many parts of the command and control ( C&C ) system for the Zeus botnet were destroyed when the Kazakhstani ISP that was being used to administer it was cut off .
However , it does not take long for malware controllers to spring up elsewhere , and toolkits for assembling botnets are readily available on the black market .
" There are plenty of opportunities for people to purchase access to these systems through underground chat rooms , " said Dr JD Marsters , from the department of electronics and computer science at the University of Southampton .
" It 's a game of cat and mouse between anti-virus vendors and botnet developers . "
Computer users should ensure that their anti-virus software and operating systems are kept up to date , he advised .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Most Americans believe tax hikes are OK if you ’re making more than $ 250,000 , a policy proposed by President Barack Obama , but hands off Medicare and Social Security , a poll released on Monday found .
Anita Dwyer participates in a rally and march in protest of higher taxes in Santa Barbara , California , in this April 4 , 2009 file photo .
REUTERS / Phil McCarten / Files
The Quinnipiac University poll found that 60 percent of Americans among both major political parties think raising income taxes on households making more than $ 250,000 should be a main tenet of the government ’s efforts to tame the deficit .
More than 70 percent , including a majority of Republicans , say those making more than $ 1 million should pay more .
But 80 percent say raising taxes on those making less than that should not be part of the government ’s approach .
Moreover , most oppose touching Medicare and Social Security - two long - term drivers of the budget deficit over the coming decades .
“ Given those numbers , it ’s clear that those who want serious deficit reduction have their work cut out for them in convincing the public , which seems adamantly opposed to cutting the programs with the largest budgets , ” said Peter Brown , assistant director of the polling institute .
In tackling the deficit , most economists agree taxing the rich only wo n’t raise the revenue necessary to make a dent .
With much of federal spending fixed in entitlement programs and interest of the debt , cutting spending alone is not likely to solve the nation ’s fiscal problems .
Broader tax increases in some form , whether it be income , sales or other forms , will be necessary , economists say .
This year , the deficit is expected to top $ 1.5 trillion , about 10 percent of gross domestic product .
The administration and many economists say a healthy deficit would be about 3 percent of GDP .
Obama ’s 2011 budget proposal and most of his fellow Democrats favor eliminating tax breaks for individuals making more than $ 200,000 and for households making more than $ 250,000 , which were enacted in 2001 and 2003 .
Not surprisingly , many more Democrats than Republicans back hiking taxes on those making more , though 56 percent of Republicans did support raising taxes on those making more than $ 1 million , the poll found .
There was only a slim partisan divide , with only slightly fewer Republicans opposed to cutting the growth of the government health plan for the elderly , Medicare or Social Security , to help the deficit .
Congress is virtually certain to take action on tax laws this year because the cuts will expire for all income categories at the end of this year .
Obama pledged during the presidential campaign not to raise takes on those making less than $ 250,000 .
Under Obama ’s plan , the top two tax brackets will revert to 39.6 percent and 36 percent , from 35 percent and 33 percent now .
The poll conducted earlier this month surveyed 1,907 registered voters across the country , and has a margin of error of plus or minus 2.2 percentage points .
Australia ’s plans for a firewall to protect its population from smut on the internet are rapidly evolving from farce to total chaos .
Weekly revelations on bulletin boards suggest that Stephen Conroy , the man behind the big idea , does not know what forthcoming legislation on the topic will say , when it will be introduced or how the firewall will work in practice .
Meanwhile , it turns out that the Minister ’s own Department of Broadband , Communications and the Digital Economy ( DBCDE ) has been hosting a secret forum for discussions with ISPs likely to be affected by proposals .
Along the way it floated the idea of making it a crime to advise surfers on how to do things that are perfectly legal to do .
Confused ?
You will be .
First up is the time scale for plans to introduce the new firewall .
As already reported , the question of when legislation will be introduced has now been bouncing between the offices of Prime Minister Kevin Rudd and Communications Minister Stephen Conroy .
Severe wriggling from Conroy ’s office suggests that plans for an early introduction of legislation have been put on the back burner for now .
As if one embarrassment were not enough , at the end of April , Electronic Frontiers Australia ( EFA ) revealed that it had in its possession screenshots of a secret forum hosting discussions between the Department of Communications and various ISPs .
Despite assurances from Conroy in December 2009 that legislation would be before the Australian parliament by March of this year , one post on the forum from mid-April acknowledged that the Department had not yet assembled even draft legislation .
Meanwhile further digging inside this forum revealed that departmental officials appear to have been discussing the possibility of making it a criminal offence to advise individuals of means that would enable them to circumvent the filter – even where the means themselves were perfectly legal .
This last revelation proved too much for the Australian Pirate Party , which weighed into the debate shortly after , accusing the government of hosting plans that would be at home with oppressive regimes such as Iran or China .
A spokesman for the Pirate Party said : " What is concerning ... is that the Department of Broadband , Communications and the Digital Economy ( DBCDE ) ] have considered making the promotion of circumvention somehow illegal .
" If circumvention will not be illegal , then how can it be illegal to simply tell people how to circumvent the government - controlled infrastructure in order to secure access to information that the Australian Government may deem inappropriate . "
Such an offence , according to the Pirate Party would mean " effectively silencing political debate " in Australia .
However , in an apparent attempt to stop the rot , the Department of Communications last Monday finally provided answers to a string of questions on the working of the firewall previously put to it by Green Senator , Scott Ludlam .
In yet another apparent volte - face , the department now claims that it would be perfectly legal for customers to adopt circumvention techniques .
Its response further reveals that the Minister is well aware of the efficacy of such techniques , prompting speculation that he is actually far better informed than his public pronouncements suggest : that he knows the firewall will be of minimal effectiveness , and therefore his pursuit of this project is motivated more by populist politics than a desire to find a practical solution .
Most ominous of all for the theoretical firewall is a departmental admission that the government will put in hand a " technical review " if ever the filter hits the 10,000 URL mark and starts to creak under the strain .
As the EFA suggests , this answer raises more issues than it addresses , and relies on the degradation of the Australian network being gradual , rather than catastrophic .
It does appear , however , that the government has no plans to deal with a possible overload of its firewall bringing the Australian internet to its knees – beyond setting up a review when such an event actually happens .
By then , of course , it could all be far too late . ®
Would n’t it be nice to be able to write sequential programs and let the compiler or the runtime automatically find opportunities for parallel execution ?
Something like this is already being done on a micro scale inside processors .
As much as possible , they try to execute individual instructions in parallel .
Of course they have to figure out data dependencies and occasionally stall the pipeline or idle while waiting for a memory fetch .
More sophisticated processors are even able to speculate–they guess a value that has n’t been calculated or fetched yet and run speculative execution .
When the value is finally available , they compare it with their guess and either discard or commit the execution .
If processors can do it , why ca n’t a language runtime do the same on a larger scale ?
It would solve the problem of effectively using all those cores that keep multiplying like rabbits on a chip .
The truth is , we have n’t figured out yet how to do it .
Automatic parallelization is , in general , too complex .
But if the programmer is willing to provide just enough hints to the compiler , the runtime might figure things out .
Such programming model is called semi-implicit parallelism and has been implemented in two very different environments , in Haskell and in .NET .
The two relevant papers I ’m going to discuss are Runtime Support for Multicore Haskell and The Design of a Task Parallel Library .
In both cases the idea is to tell the compiler that certain calculations may be done in parallel .
It does n’t necessarily mean that the code will be executed in multiple threads –the runtime makes this decision depending on the number of cores and their availability .
The important thing is that , other than providing those hints , the programmer does n’t have to deal with threads or , at least in Haskell , with synchronization .
I will start with Haskell but , if you ’re not into functional programming , you may skip to .NET and the Task Parallel Library ( and hopefully come back to Haskell later ) .
In Multicore Haskell
In Haskell , you hint at parallel execution using the par combinator , which you insert between two expressions , like this : e1 `par` e2 .
The runtime then creates a spark for the left hand side expression ( here , e 1 ) .
A spark is a deferred calculation that may be executed in parallel ( in the .NET implementation a spark is called a task ) .
Notice that , in Haskell , which is a lazy programming language , all calculations are , by design , deferred until their results are needed ; at which point their evaluation is forced .
The same mechanism kicks in when the result of a spark is needed –and it has n’t been calculated in parallel yet .
In such a case the spark is immediately evaluated in the current thread ( thus forfeiting the chance for parallel execution ) .
The hope is though that enough sparks will be ready before their results are needed , leading to an overall speedup .
To further control when the sparks are evaluated ( whether in parallel or not ) , Haskell provides another combinator , pseq , which enforces sequencing .
You insert it between two expressions , e1 `pseq` e2 , to make sure that the left hand side , e1 , is evaluated before the evaluation of e2 is started .
I ’ll show you how to parallelize the standard map function ( in C++ it would be called std::transform ) .
Map applies a function , passed to it as the first argument , to each element of a list , which is passed to it as the second argument .
As a Haskell refresher , let me walk you through the implementation of map .
map f [ ] = [ ] map f ( x : xs ) = y:ys where y = f x ys = map f xs
Map is implemented recursively , so its definition is split into the base case and the recursive case .
The base case just states that map applied to an empty list , [ ] , returns an empty list ( it ignores the first argument , f ) .
If , on the other hand , the list is non-empty , it can be split into its head and tail .
This is done through pattern matching –the pattern being ( x :xs ) , where x matches the head element and xs the ( possibly empty ) tail of the list .
In that case , map is defined to return a new list , ( y:ys ) whose head is y and tail is ys .
The where clause defines those two : y is the result of the application of the function f to x , and ys is the result of the recursive application of map to the tail of the list , xs .
The parallel version does the same ( it is semantically equivalent to the sequential version ) , but it gives the runtime the opportunity to perform function applications in paralle .
It also waits for the evaluation to finish .
parMap f [ ] = [ ] parMap f ( x : xs ) = y `par` ( ys `pseq` y:ys ) where y = f x ys = parMap f xs
The important changes are : y , the new head , may be evaluated in parallel with the tail ( the use of the par combinator ) .
The result , y:ys , is returned only when the tail part , ys , has been evaluated ( the use of the pseq combinator ) .
The tail calculation is also split into parallel computations through recursive calls to parMap .
The net result is that all applications of f to elements of the list are potentially done in parallel .
Because of the use of pseq , all the elements ( except for the very first one ) are guaranteed to have been evaluated before parMap returns .
It ’s instructive to walk through the execution of parMap step - by - step .
For simplicity , let ’s perform parMap on a two - element list , [ a , b ] .
First we pattern - match this list to x = a and xs = [ b ] .
We create the first spark for the evaluation of ( y = f a ) and then proceed with the evaluation of the right hand side of par , ( ys `pseq` y:ys ) .
Here ys = parMap f [ b ] .
Because of the `pseq` , we must evaluate ys next .
To do that , we call ( parMap f [ b ] ) .
Now the list [ b ] is split into the head , b , and the empty tail , [ ] .
We create a spark to evaluate y' = f b and proceed with the right - hand side , ( ys ' `pseq` y' : ys ' ) .
Again , the `pseq` waits for the evaluation of ys ' = parMap f [ ] .
But this one is easy : we apply the base definition of parMap , which returns an empty list .
Now we are ready to retrace our steps .
The right hand side of the last `pseq` re-forms the list y' : [ ] .
But that ’s the ys the previous `pseq` was waiting for .
It can now proceed , producing y :( y ' : [ ] ) , which is the same as [ y , y ' ] or [ f a , f b ] , which is what we were expecting .
Notice complete absence of explicit synchronization in this code .
This is due to the functional nature of Haskell .
There ’s no shared mutable state so no locking or atomic operations are needed .
( More explicit concurrent models are also available in Haskell , using MVar s or transactional memory . ) .
Task Parallel Library in .NET
It ’s no coincidence that many ideas from Haskell end up in Microsoft languages .
Many Haskell programmers work for Microsoft Research , including the ultimate guru , Simon Peyton Jones .
The Microsoft Task Parallel Library ( TPL ) translates the ideas from Multicore Haskell to .NET .
One of its authors , Daan Leijen , is a Haskell programmer who , at some point , collaborated with Simon Peyton Jones .
Of course , a .NET language like C# presents a different set of obstacles to parallel programming .
It operates on mutable state which needs protection from concurrent access .
This protection ( which , incidentally , is the hardest part of multithreaded programming ) is left to the programmer .
Here ’s the example of an algorithm in C# with hidden opportunities for parallel implementation .
MatrixMult multiplies two matrices .
It iterates over columns and rows of the result matrix .
The value that goes at their intersection is calculated by the innermost loop .
void MatrixMult ( int size , double [ , ] m 1 , double [ , ] m2 , double [ , ] result ) { for ( int i = 0 ; i < size ; i++) { // calculate the i'th column for ( int j = 0 ; j < size ; j++ ) { result[ i , j ] = 0 ; for ( int k = 0 ; k < size ; k++ ) { result[ i , j ] += m1 [ i , k ] * m 2 [ k , j ] ; } } } }
Each column of the result could potentially be evaluated in parallel .
The problem is , the size of the array and the number of processor cores might be unknown until the program is run .
Creating a large number of threads when there are only a few cores may lead to a considerable slowdown , which is the opposite of what we want .
So the goal of TPL is to let the programmer express the potential for parallel execution but leave it to the runtime to create an optimal number of threads .
The programmer splits the calculation into tasks ( the equivalent of Haskell sparks ) by making appropriate library calls ; and the runtime maps those tasks into OS threads –many - to - one , if necessary .
Here ’s how the same function looks with parallelization hooks .
void ParMatrixMult ( int size , double [ , ] m 1 , double [ , ] m2 , double [ , ] result ) { Parallel .
For( 0 , size , delegate ( int i ) { for ( int j = 0 ; j < size ; j++ ) { result[ i , j ] = 0 ; for ( int k = 0 ; k < size ; k++ ) { result[ i , j ] += m1 [ i , k ] * m 2 [ k , j ] ; } } } ) ; }
Because of clever formatting , this version looks very similar to the original .
The outer loop is replaced by the call to Parallel .
For , which is one of the parallelizing TPL functions .
The inner loops are packed into a delegate .
This delegate is assigned to a task ( the analog of Haskell spark ) that is potentially run in a separate thread .
Here the delegate is actually a closure–it captures local variables , size , m1 , m2 and result .
The latter is actually modified inside the delegate .
This is how shared mutable state sneaks into potentially multi- threaded execution .
Luckily , in this case , such sharing does n’t cause races .
Consider however what would happen if we changed the types of the matrices from double [ , ] to char [ , ] .
Parallel updates to neighboring byte - sized array elements may inadvertently encroach on each other and lead to incorrect results .
Programmer beware !
( This is not a problem in Haskell because of the absence of mutable state . )
But even if the programmer is aware of potential sharing and protects shared variables with locks , it ’s not the end of the story .
Consider this example :
int sum = 0 ; Parallel .
For( 0 , 10000 , delegate ( int i ) { if ( isPrime ( i ) ) { lock ( this ) { sum += i ; } } } ) ;
The captured variable , sum is protected by the lock , so data races are avoided .
This lock , however , becomes a performance bottleneck–it is taken for every prime number in the range .
Now consider the fact that , on a 4 - core machine , we ’ll be running 10000 tasks distributed between about 4 threads .
It would be much more efficient to accumulate the sum in four local variables–no locking necessary–and add them together only at the end of the calculation .
This recipe can be expressed abstractly as a map / reduce type of algorithm ( a generalization of the C++ std::accumulate ) .
The tasks are mapped into separate threads , which work in parallel , and the results are then reduced into the final answer .
Here ’s how map / reduce is expressed in TPL :
int sum = Parallel .
Aggregate ( 0 , 10000 , // domain 0 , // initial value delegate ( int i ) { return ( isPrime ( i ) ?
i : 0 ) } , delegate ( int x , int y ) { return x+y ; } ) ;
The first delegate , which is run by 10000 tasks , does not modify any shared state–it just returns its result , which is internally accumulated in some hidden local variable .
The second delegate –the “ reduce ” part of the algorithm–is called when there ’s a need to combine results from two different tasks .
The Place for Functional Programming
Notice that the last example was written in very functional style .
In particular you do n’t see any mutable state .
The delegates are pure functions .
This is no coincidence : functional programming has many advantages in parallel programming .
I ’ve been doing a lot of multi- threaded programming in C++ lately and I noticed how my style is gradually shifting from object - oriented towards functional .
This process is accellerating as functional features keep seeping into the C++ standard .
Obviously , lambdas are very useful , but so is move semantics that ’s been made possible by rvalue references , especially in passing data between threads .
It ’s becoming more and more obvious that , in order to be a good C++ programmer , one needs to study other languages .
I recommend Haskell and Scala in particular .
I ’ll be blogging about them in the future .
Bibliography
The surprise winners of early 2010
Admittedly , it ’s only March and early March at that .
Still the year has been full of surprises so far on the Washington politics and international policy beats .
So , it ’s only fair that the surprise winners get the credit they so richly deserve .
Here are ten of them , in no special order :
Finance ministers from across the region maintain that the very idea of a break - up of the euro is absurd and that the Greek plan is credible .
But as the market continues to question the IMF / EU rescue package and the long - term viability of the Greek economy , many are beginning to wonder if the euro can survive .
In an interview with Corriere della Sera , George Soros said that unless Germany agrees to play its traditional leadership role in Europe and makes concessions to other members of the euro zone , the single currency itself could be at risk .
" The Germans have always made the concessions needed to advance the European Union , when people were looking for a deal .
Not any more .
That 's why the European project is stalled , " Soros said .
" And if it ca n't go ahead from here , it will go backwards .
It 's important to understand that if you do n't make the next steps forward for the euro , the euro will go to pieces and the European Union too , " he added .
Now George Soros is the man who made a billion betting against pound when it was ejected from the euro 's waiting room , the Exchange Rate Mechanism , in 1992 and it must be remember he is an investor with a position .
But Soros is not alone in believing the great euro experiment is now in serious danger .
Economists at Morgan Stanley believe that while the rescue package for Greece removes short - term liquidity risks , “ long - term solvency risks remain firmly in place . "
" More broadly , and more worryingly , recent developments significantly raise the ( long - term ) risk of a euro break - up , in our view , " they wrote in a note .
" The bail - out and the ECB ’s softer collateral stance set a bad precedent for other euro area member states and make it more likely that the euro area degenerates into a zone of fiscal profligacy , currency weakness and higher inflationary pressures over time , ” they added .
Now a lot has been made of the constitutional problems a break - up of the euro zone would need to overcome .
But laws are there to be changed and it must be remembered that the EU could not even enforce the stability and growth pact in the good times , let alone when things got tough after the credit crisis .
Morgan Stanley as a result concludes there is now a very real chance of both the euro and the EU falling apart .
“ Countries with a high preference for price stability , such as Germany , might conclude that they would be better off with a harder but smaller currency union , " they wrote .
" And because the Maastricht Treaty does not provide for the possibility of expelling euro area members , the only way Germany could achieve this would be by leaving the euro to introduce a stronger currency , ” Morgan Stanley concluded .
Immigrants at the door : Unless the US curbs rate of immigration , it will have a population larger than Europe
NEW YORK :
As the new US Administration and Congress begin to tackle immigration reform they will again be faced with the weighty question of how large should America ’s population be in the future .
Should America ’s population continue to grow indefinitely , perhaps doubling to 600 million by the end of the century ?
Clearly , any answer to this vital demographic question has serious and far - reaching economic , political , social and environmental consequences for America as well as for the international community of nations .
Some of America ’s leading policymakers uncritically accept that an expanding population with increased immigration is good for America , ensuring its prosperity , power and harmonious relations with other nations with little if any adverse effects .
Most others simply choose to ignore or equivocate on this fundamental demographic question , as has so often been done in past .
Leaders in the Senate and Administration will likely focus their attention on narrow aspects of immigration reform , as they did in the recent report of the Independent Task Force on US Immigration Policy , which – except for the paper it was printed on – ignored environmental implications of the policy .
However , decisions and policies on US immigration , including future levels , priorities , high - skilled migration and illegal immigration , effectively load the demographic dice for America ’s future .
Enlarge imageFigure 1 . US Population With and Without Immigration : 1776-2009 .
Contrary to popular thought , the dominant force fueling America ’s demographic growth is not natural increase , but immigration .
This is because immigrants not only add their own numbers to the nation ’s overall population , but also contribute a disproportionate number of births whose effects are compounded over time .
A couple of examples help to illustrate this important point .
The first example considers the contribution of immigration to America ’s population growth since its founding in 1776 .
If international migration had ceased after the signing of the Declaration of Independence , America ’s population would have likely been no more than 127 million today and perhaps closer to 100 million , far short of its current size of 307 million ( Figure 1 ) .
Over this 233 - year period , migration ’s contribution ( migrants and their descendents ) is dominant , accounting for at least 60 percent of America ’s population growth .
Enlarge imageFigure 2 . US Population With and Without Immigration : 2009 - 2050 .
The second example illustrates immigration ’s impact on America ’s population from a future perspective .
By mid-century the US population is projected to reach 439 million , assuming current annual net migration of about 1.3 million increasing gradually to 2 million ( Figure 2 ) .
However , if further immigration were to cease , the US population in 2050 would likely be about 100 million less , i.e. , roughly 345 million .
Again , the major force behind the future growth of America ’s population , at least 70 percent in this instance , is the addition of immigrants and their descendants .
Beyond its major impact on the size of America ’s population , immigration also has a significant effect on the country ’s age structure .
Notably , immigration slows down population ageing .
For example , the proportion of America ’s population aged 65 years or older in 2050 is projected to be about 20 percent with immigration versus 25 percent without immigration .
Obviously , immigration trends have non-trivial implications for the future financial well - being of social security and health care systems for the elderly .
However , immigration is not a solution to population ageing insofar as the immigrants themselves also age and eventually retire .
Immigration is also altering America ’s ethnic composition and culture , i.e. , less European and more Latin American , Asian and African .
Throughout the 19th century and most of the 20th , the US foreign born population was predominately from European countries , e.g. , Germany , Ireland , Italy and the United Kingdom .
Today the top five countries are no longer of European origin but are Mexico , China , Philippines , India and Vietnam , with Mexico accounting for a third of the foreign born .
As a result , America will increasingly look , sound and act differently over the coming decades – which is neither good nor bad but different .
By mid-century , for example , one out five Americans is expected to be an immigrant - higher than ever before - with Hispanics accounting for 30 percent of the nation ’s population .
As a result of continuing high rates of immigration and fertility levels at replacement , America is the most populous developed country , representing nearly five percent of the world population .
In addition , America ’s demographic standing relative to the billion - plus club of China and India remains more or less unchanged for the foreseeable future .
However , its demographic standing among developed nations as a whole is expected to increase from a quarter today to a third by 2050 .
Moreover , with respect to the European Union ( 27 ) , America is projected to achieve parity with it in roughly 50 years and exceed EU ’s population well before the close of the century .
So then , what is the role of international migration in America ’s future ?
With current demographic trends likely to continue for some time , immigration can be expected to continue to play a major role in the future size , age - structure and ethnic composition of America .
However , it is important to keep in mind that while these population projections for America ’s future appear likely , they are not necessarily inevitable .
Demographic trends may change radically due to behavioral changes and unanticipated events impacting fertility and mortality as well as changes in America ’s immigration practices and policies .
These projections raise the fundamental question of how much larger should America ’s population be .
Over the past several decades , the White House and Congress established various commissions to comprehensively address the future size of America ’s population .
In general , these high - level advisory bodies concluded that in the long run , no substantial benefits would result from the further growth of the nation ’s population .
And in particular , they recognized that America cannot grow indefinitely and recommended that the country welcome and plan for a gradual stabilization of its population .
Also , they concluded that there is hardly any problem confronting America whose solution would be easier with a larger population .
Moving toward population stabilization would contribute significantly to America ’s ability to solve its domestic problems as well as many of those abroad , especially energy and resource consumption , climate change and environmental sustainability .
Moreover , without US leadership as demonstrated by domestic efforts to stabilize its population and thereby mitigate further damage to the environment , other nations would be reluctant to adopt policies and practices to stabilize their populations and work toward developmental and ecological sustainability .
As the new US Administration and Congress begin to deal with immigration , they could decide to alter the direction of the country ’s current pro-growth immigration policies and plan for a gradual stabilization of America ’s population , as the various advisory commissions have indeed recommended .
This outcome would be environmentally beneficial and advantageous to America ’s long term interests .
Given the current economic and political climate , it seems doubtful that the US Congress will be able to address immigration reform any time soon .
However , when they do begin debating US immigration policies , it would be wise to consider demographic realities , future population projections and likely environmental costs and not simply embrace the traditional pro-growth ethic that “ more is better . ”
Congress and the Administration have an opportunity to address immigration reform in the broader context of America ’s population .
If they choose to do otherwise , expect another 100 million Americans to be joining us very soon .
Angel investors do n’t usually stay up at night worrying about Capitol Hill .
But a financial reform bill proposed by Chris Dodd , the Democrat chairing the Senate Banking Committee , includes new restrictions on startups and angels .
Not surprisingly , investors are n’t happy about it , saying it ’s “ insane , ” “ frankly ridiculous , ” and aims to “ destroy Silicon Valley . ”
There are three changes that should have a particular effect on angel investors , a catch - all category which includes everyone from friends and family members who invest in a startup , to unaffiliated wealthy individuals , to side investments made by venture capitalists acting on their own .
First , Dodd ’s bill would require startups raising funding to register with the Securities and Exchange Commission , and then wait 120 days for the SEC to review their filing .
A second provision raises the wealth requirements for an “ accredited investor ” who can invest in startups — if the bill passes , investors would need assets of more than $ 2.3 million ( up from $ 1 million ) or income of more than $ 450,000 ( up from $ 250,000 ) .
The third restriction removes the federal pre-emption allowing angel and venture financing in the United States to follow federal regulations , rather than face different rules between states .
Several investors have written pointed critiques of the bill :
Fred Wilson of Union Square Ventures said startups will be “ hit by shrapnel ” from the bill .
Robert E. Litan of the Kauffman Foundation , which researches entrepreneurship , wrote , “ It is difficult to know why these provisions are in a much larger bill whose primary aim is to address the fundamental causes of the recent financial crisis . ”
Mike Masnick at tech policy site Techdirt described the restrictions as “ somewhat horrifying . ”
Investors offered more criticism on Twitter , with Slide vice president Keith Rabois tweeting , “ Anyone still need more evidence that Obama and the Democrats intend to destroy Silicon Valley and the dreams of entrepreneurs ? ”
Rabois , an early PayPal employee and angel investor , has a strong libertarian / anti-regulatory political stance , but liberals hate these restrictions , too .
Chris Sacca , an angel investor and former Googler who campaigned for Obama , also tweeted that people who “ care about startups and making sure they have access to capital ” need to sign a petition against the investing regulations .
I asked Sacca for more details about his opposition .
In a voicemail , he said :
Obviously , I ’m deeply concerned about Senator Dodd ’s proposal to place these restrictions on angel investing .
I think angel investing is undeniably one of the largest engines for job creation as well as innovation and competitiveness on the global scale for the United States .
There ’s no doubt about it that the restrictions that he ’s proposing would absolutely chill investing .
Specifically , one of the things we need to take into account is while 10 years ago it may have taken years to build a company , companies are now built in a matter of weeks .
So this 120 - day waiting period is frankly ridiculous .
I have companies with tens of thousands and hundreds of thousands of users that are built in a matter of weeks .
They ’re generating actual dollars of revenue , creating jobs , investing in real estate office space , capital equipment , etc .
If they had to wait 120 days to actually apply for the ability to obtain financing it would absolutely just crush that market .
I think this is a very short - sighted proposal .
It seems far afield from the problems that the banking committee is actually trying to address .
This outrage may not be futile , either .
A source in the Senate Banking Committee told PEHub that the committee is talking the complaints seriously .
You can read a summary of the bill here .
So , for the first time in my life , if we exclude the local Linux Day events , I attended a conference !
FOSDEM 2010 has been my first time properly meeting other developers out there .
It actually was a bit more travel than just Bruxelles , for me ; I actually took a long way to get there .
Since I was still afraid of planes , I did n’t want to go up there alone .
Add to that , the fact that I ’m neither used to Bruxelles area , nor I speak any decent French any more ( I studied it in middle - school , so I could at least ask for , and listen to , directions , but in over ten years not using it , it really just went away ) , so I got there with Luca who lives in Turin ( in the other side of Italy ) .
The end result looks something like this : I left Mestre ( the Venice inland city , which is where I actually live ) by train , I changed in Milan , then arrived in Turin ; I went to dinner with some friends I only met online before ( colleagues and fellow Ultima OnLine players ) , and slept at Alessandro ’s – from lscube – flat .
In the morning me and Luca took the plane for Rome , then changed to the one for Bruxelles .
Our luggage decided to take a later plane ( d’oh ! ) .
The same travel ( minus the luggage nuisance , fortunately ) applied to the way back .
This resulted in something like five trains ( one from the Bruxelles Airport to the Gare du Nord — we took a cab to go back ) , and four planes .
I think my fear of planes was totally cured this time .
FOSDEM itself was lots fun !
I finally met lots of other Gentoo developers ( including Luca for the first time ) , the other FFmpeg guys , some of the VLC guys , and quite a few users who knew me , even though I did n’t know them before , which I have to say has a nice feeling to it .
And I even met with a Mono team delegation , and with the one guy that I had a rough start with – Jo Shields , “ directhex ” – I should report every misunderstanding is cleared .
I was also able to ( very briefly ) meet Lennart , but that was when me and Luca really had to hurry to catch our plane back .
I really would have liked to stay the whole Sunday and leave on Monday , but Luca was actually due to be back in Turin for other reasons , so we had to live early on Sunday to get back to Italy before all planes stopped flying .
Now , during FOSDEM
I picked up a few extra tasks other than all the stuff that I ’ve had already planned , and this means that the next few days will get me almost no time to breath , to take a break , or to go out with friends .
That ’s fine , I had four days that relaxed me quite a bit , so this is not too bad to do .
Just so I can name some of the tasks that I ’m looking forward for , beside the key signing ( that was a “ cool ” party … even though it was maybe too cold ) , is writing something more about release notifications as it seems like I ’m not the only person having a problem with that , trying to write some more about upstreaming patches , and packaging SIP Communicator – a demo of which was available next to the FFmpeg stand in the AW building … looked very promising , and getting an hash table implementation in libavutil for FFmpeg , so that we can use it on feng and libnemesi and thus get a good parser , finally !
Anyway this is enough for today , hope the other people at FOSDEM found it at least as fun , for me is time to hit ( finally , my ) bed .
In 1909 , Nikola Tesla talked to a New York Times reporter about , er , mobile telephony .
Popular Mechanics republished the NYT interview in their October 2009 issue and you can read it all at Google Books .
Here 's what Tesla said , 100 years ago :
It will soon be possible , for instance , for a business man in New York To dictate instructions and have them appear instantly in type in London or elsewhere .
He will be able to call up from his desk and talk with any telephone subscriber in the world .
It will only be necessary to carry an inexpensive instrument not bigger than a watch , which will enable its bearer to hear anywhere on sea or land for distances of thousands of miles .
One may listen or transmit speech or song to the uttermost parts of the world .
Earlier this week , the Final Committee Draft ( FCD ) of the C++0 x standard was published .
This means that C++0 x is now in the final stages of bug fixing and wordsmithing before publication .
If all goes to plan , the draft will move to Final Draft International Standard ( FDIS ) early in 2011 , and will be a new standard by the end of 2011 .
The publication of the FCD means that the draft standard has now been officially put up for review by the national standards bodies of ISO 's member countries .
The British Standards Institution is one of several national bodies that is actively involved in the standardisation of the C++ language .
The panel members of the C++ Committee of the BSI , IST 5/-/21 , are currently compiling a list of comments on the FCD .
We intend to submit these as the BSI 's National Body comments , aimed at getting issues with the FCD addressed before it becomes the new international standard for C ++.
We 're welcoming additional comments , and would like to provide a channel for anyone who may be interested in the C++0 x
Standard , but not able to be fully involved in the standards process , to submit comments .
Note that not all comments — regardless of whether they are submitted by panel members or non-members — will go forward .
Here is some guidance on what we are looking for :
Suggestions for how to improve the clarity of the wording , even if that 's just by adding a cross-reference to a relevant paragraph elsewhere ;
Comments that identify any under / over specification ; and
Comments highlighting inconsistencies or contradictions in the draft text .
Comments should be specific and preferably should include suggested updated wording ( and if you need help formulating updated wording we can provide it , within reason ) — the C++ standards committee is working to a very tight schedule in order to get C++0 x out as soon as possible , and comments without wording ( which therefore require more work from the committee ) are more likely to be rejected .
The time for adding / removing features has now passed , so comments should focus on improving the draft as it stands rather than suggesting new features .
Owing to the time scale for submission to BSI and ISO , comments need to be submitted by Friday 18th June 2010 .
If you have any comments , feel free to post them in the comment section of this blog entry , or email them to me .
I will forward all appropriate suggestions to the rest of the BSI panel ( whether or not I agree with them ) .
Posted by Anthony Williams
[/ cplusplus /] permanent link
Tags : C++ , C++0x , WG21 , FCD
Stumble It ! | Submit to Reddit | Submit to DZone
Comment on this post
If you liked this post , why not subscribe to the RSS feed or Follow me on Twitter ?
You can also subscribe to this blog by email using the form on the left .
America 's phavorite political prisoner is back again , From the Hole .
Teasing but a glimpse into his upcoming book , Martin Armstrong presents three handwritten pages so torrid that they burn America in effigy .
We 're talking premo ' Philos Gone Wild ' material here .
Between telling the US to Guy Fawkes itself 8.6 different ways , Armstrong presents an adamantium - proof case for the end of Pax Americana and the ascension of China .
In the interim , trading thumbs up are given to ~ China , Australia , gold , the Continuous Commodity Index ( CCI , $ CIY ) , gold stocks & mining in $ AUD compared to $ US , " a sort of collective unconscious " , the Ten Commandments , and exactly one member of Congress .
On China 's ascension and Yuan appreciation :
" What took 140 years for the emerging market in America to displace Europe , China will do in 26 years [ ~ ]
1989 - 2015 , will displace American Economic power .
The Yuan is undervalued since paper currency is merely a share in the nation just as in a corporation .
As the $ rose in 1929 - 1932 , the Yuan will rise during any economic decline .
Investing in China packs capital gains + eventually currency appreciation .
[ T ]he Yuan would rise during sovereign defaults as [ a ] currency hedge .
Welcome to the Decline & Fall of America where stocks , interest rates & gold can rise together . "
Sovereign debt :
" Don't forget , the next meltdown is DEBT , which runs at least 10:1 .
So it will be sovereign debt that will be the next financial meltdown . "
Aussie Dollar , ASX , China again and gold :
" Australia looks poised to benefit from the shift in power from US to China .
As China rises , Australia is closer to the flame & it has natural resources & gold .
Gold stocks & mining look good in A$ compared to US $ . "
America :
An affair with A Commodore
It was n't long before I grew tired of the TI - 99 .
Not only did I want to do something useful , but I also wanted to experiment with the hardware .
Not easy on the TI .
Fortunately the Commodore VIC - 20 was just hitting the market .
While we had a few PCs , DEC Rainbows , and some CPM machines by then at work , our shop decided to purchase a VIC - 20 to play around with .
I started applying it to testing things in the shop such as printers and telecom equipment .
It was a great signal source , and we also did a bit of durability testing , using the VIC - 20 to run the tests .
I liked it so well , I shortly got my own .
I ended up in a ' love affair ' with the VIC - 20 .
I built everything from modems to home controllers .
It was , and is , a great machine for hardware types .
The architecture is just made for hacking .
The built in software is likewise easily modifiable .
Most everything you need is in the box .
I have several VIC - 20s .
This is the most photogenic , although they are all suffering from the dreaded yellowing .
The VIC - 20 is most certainly going to be the subject of some other technical articles on this site .
I still think it has a lot to give , and they can be found dirt cheap at garage sales , thrift stores , and eBay .
Not only is it valuable as a teaching tool , and fun to experiment with , but it can serve as a truly useful controller .
I hope to incorporate these into some projects as I re-discover the world of Commodore .
For now , this page will serve as an introduction , general description , and historical tribute to a couple of old friends , the VIC - 20 , & C - 64 .
Here is a ( bad ) peek inside a VIC - 20 .
They were well heat sinked , and pretty well made .
The circuit boards , especially of the ones I have seen , are very high quality .
Most of the LSI chips are socketed .
You can see the metal cover over the VIC Chip and associated Video circuitry .
The large " U " shaped metal at the bottom is to reinforce the expansion / cartridge socket , which is under it .
The smaller " L shaped heat sink above is for the DC diode bridge rectifier .
Under that is another heat sink for the 5 - volt TO - 3 style regulator .
To the left of the heat sinks is an important part .
The fuse !
If you experiment long enough , you will blow this fuse Here is a little better look at the VIC - 20 Circuit board .
I have removed the heat sink that is attached to the diode bridge .
I have also removed the cover over the VIC Chip , which you will note has been robbed from this board .
The two LSI Chips in the upper left are the 6522 PIAs .
The 6502 processor is at the bottom , just to the right of center .
At the bottom left are the eleven 2114 Ram Chips .
All 3 of the 24 pin chips are ROMs .
One of the interesting things about the VIC - 20 is it 's power supply .
It is very hefty , and the entire computer runs off of 5 volts .
This makes it very easy to adapt to battery power .
I have actually used modified VIC - 20s in vehicles .
( Note they do not work at temperatures below about 10 degrees ) .
I have also expanded memory with Zeropower 6116 Rams , which are battery backed .
The orange jumper in the photo supplies raw 9 VAC to the user port .
The rectifier is a big ole ' bridge seen on the right ( with the white Heat sink paste on it ) .
Amazingly the entire thing is well designed and built , and after 25 years , I see no corrosion on any of my units .
This may have changed in later units , I do n't know .
The cartridge slot had 14 address lines , data , and block decoding for 8 k memory blocks , and 3 1 k I /O blocks .
The user port had one complete PIA port ( 8 bits plus 2 control ) as well as the joystick inputs , duplicated from the joystick port , and a light pen input .
The RS232 output ( at 5 volts ) used the lines on the user PIA port , Those PIA lines could be easily re-assigned .
The cassette port was just that , for the cassette tape .
It needed external circuitry to work with a standard audio machine ( See below ) .
The VIC also had a scaled down IEEE - 488 serial interface .
This was used to connect to printers and disk drives , and , besides it 's own Floppy drive ( The 1540 ) , it was compatible with the C - 64 1541 & 1571 drives as well .
The kernel worked with all these devices simply by logically re-directing your basic commands to different devices ( 1 - 8 ) .
The VIC - 20 handled Floppies very well , right out of the box .
Here are two books you need .
The one on the left is the official Programmers reference and bible .
It contains virtually everything you need to know .
Basic commands , I / O maps , port pinouts .
A detailed memory map including Basic variable locations .
VIC & PIA programming , A schematic , and tons more .
Fortunately Commodore was very open , and published every thing they could about their wonder machine .
The book on the right is one of many along the same vein .
It has the same information , but from a different perspective .
It also covers more machine language .
There are tons of other books on the VIC - 20 , but if you ant to play with a VIC , GET the programmers reference !
This is an adapter to convert the 5v square wave cassette outputs into something you could record on a normal cassette recorder .
There were plenty of plans for these around , as many did not want to pay for the official Commodore cassette .
It is basically a 74LS14 Schmidt trigger .
One of the learning curves was the Memory Map .
The kernel re-arranged some things depending on the memory configuration , most notably moving the video ram .
At the lowest level , the memory map was broken into two 32 k pages .
The lower 32 k was for the ram , video , and hardware I /O space .
The upper 32 k housed the system ROM , and the ROM cartridge expansion .
Note the hardware I/O addresses were right in the middle .
Fortunately , of the four 1 k blocks of I/O , two were available for users .
That was enough for the most ambitious projects .
These were decoded , as well as 8 k memory blocks , and supplied to the expansion connector .
The VIC would check for a rom at address 0xA000 , and boot there if it was present .
Address lines A15 and A14 were used internally , all the rest of the address buss was available at the expansion connector , along with block memory decodes .
This is a handy expansion port expander , the Cardboard 6 .
Made by Cardco Inc , in Wichita Kansas .
It allows more than one cartridge to be used , such as multiple ram cartridges , the programmers aid , games , etc .
The ribbon cable plugged into the expansion port , and then you had six slots for things .
Sometimes juggling the memory locations for all of these was a bit of a challenge .
The DIP switches address some of that , but you still had to watch what you mixed .
Yes , you could go online with the VIC .
No , not the WEB , but there were certainly a lot of BBS 's out there , Compuserve , and other online services .
And , the internet was around .
I do n't remember exactly when I got on the internet ( in the 80s ) .
This is a modem for the VIC - 20 , and C64 .
It plugs into the user port , and was made by Westridge Communications .
It came with the terminal software .
As I remember this was not cheap , but I needed my Bulletin Boards .
The basic VIC comes with 5 k of memory .
There is 1 k of System ram , a 3 k " hole " then 4 k of basic ram .
The video memory ( 512bytes ) was at the end of the 4k .
This meant the unexpanded VIC had a total of 3.5 k for programs , or about 1 page of code !.
There were 3 k expansion cartridges available to ' fill the hole ' giving you 6.5 k of program storage .
Fortunately the memory could be easily expanded to a total of 27.5 k available for Basic programs .
You could buy memory expander cartridge , or , especially since all the decoding was done in the computer , all you needed were rams to make your own .
There were some 3rd party memory expanders that would expand program ram to 64 k .
I do n't know how they did that .
In those days , I guess 27 k was plenty for me .
This is the programmers aid cartridge .
It added a number of editing functions to the built in basic , including auto - numbering , a find function , and some debugging commands such as step .
This is a picture of a Super Expander cartridge .
The first add on you would get .
It added 3 k of RAM to plug the 'hole .
It also added a number of functions to the built in basic , notably renum , I believe it also added an else for the if / thens , some sound and graphics statements which were lacking in the limited original basic , and program editing features .
This is one of many interfaces I built for the VIC - 20 .
I found this in the box with the rest of the VIC - 20 stuff , when I was digging it out to write this .
I think this was my " super - duper multi- purpose " interface .
It connects to the User port , and has expansion sockets to add more expansion to the port .
It has RS232 and current loop ( relay ) outputs , and buffers for the PIA port .
If I recall , this was made for use at work , where we used current loops to drive various printers .
This is an eprom programmer from Rex-Datentechnik .
Called the Goliath Prommer .
I actually think I got this for the C - 64 , and I seem to recall using it on the VIC - 20 , but I 'm not sure .
It plugged into the User Port , and came with programming software .
I remember this supported a whole bunch of devices from back in the early eighties .
This is an 8 k memory expansion .
If I recall the boards were the same in both the 8 k & 16 k , just the 8 k was only half populated .
This board has had sockets added for custom program eproms .
The DIP switch selected the block the expansion resided in .
The Commodore 64 - VIC - 20 on steroids
The next step up the line was the Commodore 64 .
I acquired my first one quite by accident .
The first Micro Center store was in the Lane Avenue Shopping center in Columbus , Ohio , where I lived .
I had been a regular there since the beginning .
One day , sometime in 1983 , they announced to their regular customers they were going to have a big inventory clearance sale .
Somehow , through a misprint , they were offering a complete C - 64 system with printer for $ 99.00 in the flyer .
Well , needless to say , I was in line Bright and early .
Of course , it ends up this was a mistake .
It was supposed to be a Timex Sinclair system .
Fortunately ( for me ) the folks who opened the store were not aware of that , and started following the ad , selling many people , including myself , a Commodore 64 system for 99 bucks !
Someone finally realized the error , but not before selling about half of the higher priced stock .
To the stores credit , they decided to honor the ad for the rest of the C - 64s they had .
I have no idea what their losses were , I just knew I had a brand new C - 64 with all the bells and whistles .
I had me the machine , a 1541 diskdrive , a modem , and an 820 printer .
This is one of my more favorite accessories .
The Commodore Magic Voice .
I have long been fascinated by computer speech .
This was a " canned word " synthesizer with a pretty good vocabulary .
Best part was , it added voice commands to basic , so it was easy to make your programs talk .
It had an RCA style output connector , which could plug into the back of the C64 console , or an external amp .
Having a couple blind friends , I toyed with the idea of using this to make the C - 64 easier for them to use , but I never pursued it .
This is the MPS - 801 printer from Commodore .
It was n't a bad printer .
7
Pin dot matrix , actually I think it was made by Epson or C.Itoh .
It was sort of slow , but it made a very satisfying ' shurrump ' sound as the head returned after each line . ,
Best thing was that it used tractor feed FanFold Paper .
Did n't miss that till fanfold was out of favor .
I find it hard to print , or follow , a program listing on sheets of laser paper :-)
This is the Commodore 1541 Disk floppy disk drive .
180 k or so on 5 1/4 " floppies .
It was very slow , although there were third party cartridges that sped it up quite a bit by changing the serial protocols .
This drive worked with either the C - 64 or the VIC - 20 .
This is a picture of the Commodore 1520 printer / plotter .
It used 4 colored ball point pen cartridges , and four inch paper .
Software could select which color pen to use ( red , green , blue , and black ) .
Additionally it was possible to draw lines between x & y coordinates .
This made it a plotter .
Many fancy drawings and designs could be drawn .
It was quite fun to watch and program .
When printing Text , it actually drew the text .
This printer attached to the commodore IEEE serial buss .
The C - 64 was truly an evolutionary product .
It used the 6510 processor .
The user port was the same as the VIC 20 , as was the serial IEEE - 488 buss and connector .
The cassette connector was still there .
The expansion port was completely different , and used a plug with narrower pin spacing , that was harder to find .
I ended up making mine .
It added an on board video modulator for direct connection to a TV .
The basic was much expanded ( although still limited ) , and contained many of the commands from the add-ons for the VIC - 20 .
It also introduced Sprites .
Better graphics and sound rounded out the features .
Memory management was still an issue .
It used an I/O port on the processor to map part of the memory .
Since the address space was still only 64 k , and there was 20 k of ROM , and 4 k of I / O addresses , you had to be aware of what was where .
It did have a true 54 k of ram that could be overlayed for any of the ROMS , and the I/ O space , which really hosed things up !
Plug in ROMs took over the Basic ROM space .
If I recall the most memory available to basic was like 41 or 48k .
While I did not like the C - 64 as well as the VIC , it was much more powerful ( a relative term ) , and had much the same architecture .
I ended up using my C - 64 to do bookkeeping for our Condo association , and designed and built a couple of small building automation systems using it .
The graphics were good enough ( remember sprites ? ) that I could create a graphical ( GUI ) interface to the systems allowing your normal Joe , or Joan , to run them .
It was nice having all that ' extra ram ' to play with .
You could write some pretty decent programs in it .
Epilogue
I still think these simple machines are great .
The architecture was just made for experimenters and hackers .
There was any kind information you could want for them , and tons of accessories and software are still available , They were affordable , and very useable .
While it has been many years since I last used one of these , now that they are dusted off , I plan to re-aquaint myself .
If you are into Retro , and / or want something that is fun to play with , that will teach you programming , basic computer and controller architecture , and a lot of things that are still viable in the embedded and controller world , I highly recommend checking these machines out .
Hewlett - Packard agreed Wednesday to acquire Palm for $ 1.2 billion , pairing the world 's largest PC manufacturer with a portable device maker whose fortunes have fallen on hard times .
The message ?
HP will invest what it needs to to make Palm great again .
Hewlett - Packard agreed Wednesday to acquire Palm for $ 1.2 billion , pairing the world 's largest PC manufacturer with a portable device maker whose fortunes have fallen on hard times .
HP agreed to pay $ 1.2 billion or $ 5.70 per share for the company , versus a market value of about $ 781 million for Palm .
Palm chief executive Jon Rubenstein is expected to stay with the company , HP said .
Palm 's WebOS will allow HP to take advantage of features such as true multitasking and always up - to - date information sharing across applications , HP said .
But the message that HP appeared to try to get across was this : technically , Palm 's WebOS is sound , as are the Palm smartphones .
What 's lacking , HP executives said , was the investment in development , marketing and sales needed to take Palm 's WebOS platform to the next level .
In acquiring Palm , HP dramatically accelerates the assets needed to deliver compelling , connected mobile experiences , " Todd Bradley , executive vice president of HP 's Personal Systems Group - and a former chief executive of Palm - said during a conference call Wednesday afternoon .
" Palm 's world - class technology coupled with HP 's financial strength will accelerate our strategy for these connected global devices . "
" We intend to invest heavily in product development and go to market to drive this business aggressively , " Bradley added .
Bradley did not discuss product timelines , but said he would divulge more after the deal closes .
He did say , however , that HP expects to be able to push the WebOS into products beyond phones , perhaps to compete more with Google 's Android and other mobile operating systems .
Microsoft , which provides the Windows Mobile operating system that lies underneath HP 's iPAQ phones , will continue to be a strategic partner .
" Microsoft is a huge piece of our business today and they will continue to do so , " Bradley said .
One analyst asked about how a merged HP - Palm entity will compete with Apple , which has made content , with its iTunes music and video files , a key focus .
Bradley had little answer .
" Our focus is to provide connected devices ... to connect users to that information that is important to them , " Bradley said .
" I do n't think we 're content creators , but we are access providers , " Bradley added .
Palm shopped around
On April 12 , reports said that Palm had begun , with both HTC and Lenovo said to be interested in a deal .
But shortly thereafter .
So did Michael Abbott , the head of the WebOS technology team , .
In March , Palm reported that its , based on unsold piles of its and smartphones .
Verizon subsequently began .
But though HP remains on top in the PC space , its iPAQ line of PDAs has remained on life support , with the keeping alive a PDA line that had n't received a real update since the in 2008 .
Palm 's share of the smartphone market , meanwhile , dropped 1.8 percentage points to 5.4 percent of all U.S. smartphones sold during February 2010 , versus November 2009 , according to comScore .
Palm still ranks fifth in U.S. smartphone platforms , having been passed by Google .
" HP 's announced acquisition of Palm gives it an entry into the fast - growing smart phone market but the move has implications far beyond cell phone hardware , " said Tina Teng , senior analyst , wireless communications , for iSuppli , in a statement .
" The battle for dominance in the high - tech world increasingly is focused on the mobile Internet .
Any company that can manage to control the flow of revenue from wireless data users  coming from subscriptions , ad sales or app store revenues stands to benefit enormously .
With the Palm purchase , HP has positioned itself as a player in this great technology battle . "
Palm was the world 's tenth - largest smart phone brand in the fourth quarter of 2009 , accounting for 1.5 percent of unit shipments , according to iSuppli .
Palm 's share of the global smart phone market has remained flat during the past year , with the company commanding 1.3 percent of shipments in the fourth quarter of 2008 .
" While critically acclaimed , Palm simply did not have the resources needed to effectively compete with players such as Apple , Google and Microsoft with deep pockets and the resources to sustain themselves in the market , " Altitude 's Michael Gartenberg wrote .
" The combination of Palm technology and brand combined with HP resources and channel partners will be a strong combination for HP to drive their mobile efforts forward . "
Sprint , Palm 's longtime partner , said the company would be happy to continue the relationship .
" Palm has been a strong partner of Sprint 's for a long time and contributed to our improved performance in 2009 , " the company said in a statement .
" We look forward to continuing our working relationship with Palm and HP going forward . "
Bradley also highlighted the strong patent and engineering resources that Palm brought to the table .
" Palm 's innovative operating system provides an ideal platform to expand HP 's mobility strategy and create a unique HP experience spanning multiple mobile connected devices , " Bradley said in a statement released before the call began .
" And , Palm possesses significant IP assets and has a highly skilled team .
The smartphone market is large , profitable and rapidly growing , and companies that can provide an integrated device and experience command a higher share .
Advances in mobility are offering significant opportunities , and HP intends to be a leader in this market . "
Recently , a security researcher , demonstrating a number of attacks .
Those vulnerabilities have since been patched .
The acquisition is expected to close during the third quarter , subject to regulatory approvals .
Editor 's Note :
This story was updated at 4:17 PM PT with additional details from iSuppli .
The mark of having made it used to be a postage stamp , or maybe a bauble from a head of state .
But the digital version is the Google Doodle , where the world 's dominant search engine changes its logo in honour of one of the greats from history .
Today the Italian composer Antonio Vivaldi joins the ranks of those feted by Google , to mark his 332nd birthday .
Vivaldi was born in Venice in 1678 and became known as the Red Priest on account of his red hair and ordination in 1703 .
Not everyone in cyberspace appears to agree about the honour .
Clicking on the Vivaldi Google Doodle as March 4 began linked to a Wikipedia biography .
After an opening section introducing the composer , the second paragraph read " He was an idiot " .
Past inspirations for the Google Doodle include Sir Isaac Newton , the composer Stravinsky and the children 's television series Sesame Street .
This is one of those studies that produces effects in an experiment , but may be so oversimplified that it does n't apply to real organizational life .
But it is cool .
As BPS Research reports , a recent pair of experiments by Haifa University Researcher researcher Nurit Tal - Or examined the impact of bragging about those close to you versus bragging about yourself .
She found that this " indirect self - promotion , known as ' burnishing ' carries all the costs of bragging but none of the gains . "
For example , Dr. Nurit Tal - Orng second experiment showed ( similar to her first ) that " The boasting student , whether done directly or indirectly , was rated by participants as more manipulative than the control version student .
And yet only the student who boasted about himself was rated as more able than the control student . "
Dr. Tal - Or speculates that these findings happened because " When people boast about the success of other people , this need to bask in the reflected glory of the success of others may be perceived as pathetic and unworthy of respect . ' "
Or perhaps because " when people brag about their associates ' success , their audience may suspect that they themselves do not have any successes of their own to be proud of . "
These interpretations seem possible , and this research does call into question the value of bragging about others at least in situations where people have just met and do n't have -- or expect to have -- long - term relationships .
But , for me , two critical pieces of the puzzle are missing ( although I am not trying to be overly critical , all research is incomplete and no one study can answer every question ) .
The first is that this research ( apparently ) does n't consider the effect of the bragging on the perceived ability of those who were praised .
So , if other people are saying how great you are , it may not help them much , but it may help you .
The second , related , issue is that in organizational life , friends and allies often have implicit or even explicit " exchange relationships " where they brag about each other -- so they do not come across as arrogant but word still spreads of their successes ( although Tal - O 's study suggests that bragging about others can make you look manipulative too , so perhaps this method does n't work as well as many people believe ) .
These concerns and questions aside , it is still a surprising study , and , well , I guess that there might be times when you are better - off bragging about yourself than your colleagues , relatives , and so on because it helps you come across as competent ( if still manipulative ) .
I am not wild about the implications , I confess , because these results may encourage people to rave about themselves -- but it appears that this is an evidence - base method for convincing others that you are competent .
So much for modesty .
Beware , however , that this is essentially a study of what kind of bragging creates the best first impression on strangers who meet for the first time .
Over time , people who constantly brag about themselves may damage their reputations as colleagues tire of their relentless chest - pounding and arrogance -- and come to see them as annoying braggarts .
P.S. The citation is Tal - Or , N. ( 2010 ) .
Direct and indirect self - promotion in the eyes of the perceivers .
Social Influence , 5 ( 2 ) , 87-100
Thanks for all the email , Facebook and Twitter “ update requests ” you people send us ; we see them , but we rarely give individual responses to each request .
We ’re sorry for being quiet for so long .
Our current game - in - development ( the sci - fi RPG ) has been coming along very well .
The game world continues to grow .
The rules system continues to get tweaked .
The few people who have been lucky enough to see the game have given us overwhelmingly positive feedback , which makes us feel good .
We are working overtime to get the game to a publicly - presentable state .
Unlike the Eschalon series , which we showed off from the very beginning with alpha screenshots and gameplay descriptions , this current game is being built in total secrecy until it is ready for a proper announcement to be made .
The game has enough unique features that we do n’t want to show off too early for fear of elements changing before release , or even our ideas being sniped .
As soon as we are ready to announce the game , we ’ll give everyone a heads - up that it ’s coming so you can be the first to see the gameplay trailer and screenshots .
However , please be patient !
I promise , we more restless to show off our game than you can imagine , but there ’s still a lot of work to do .
In the meantime , stop by our forums and let us know what you ’re currently playing !
Secretary of Defense Robert Gates speaks during a news briefing on the new Nuclear Posture Review at the Pentagon in Washington April 6 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Yuri Gripas
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Iran is challenging U.S. naval power in the Middle East with an array of offensive and defensive weapons , U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates said on Monday .
“ Iran is combining ballistic and cruise missiles , anti-ship missiles , mines , and swarming speedboats in order to challenge our naval power in that region , ” Gates told a conference of U.S. Navy advocates outside Washington .
Gates did not elaborate on the perceived Iranian threat .
His remarks were part of a review of budget and shipbuilding trade - offs facing the U.S. Navy and Marine Corps , and they came the same day that Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad spoke at the United Nations in New York .
Gates said last week he was satisfied with the pace of U.S. planning to thwart Iran ’s nuclear program , which the United States and other Western nations suspect is aimed at developing atomic weapons .
Iran says the program is to generate electricity .
Pentagon planners have been drawing up military options in case President Barack Obama opts to use force against Tehran .
U.S. leaders repeatedly have said that would be an option of last resort if sanctions and diplomacy failed .
Iran ’s naval forces include several anti-ship coastal defense missile batteries as well as submarines , missile boat and naval aviation units , according to an unclassified version of a Pentagon report on Iranian military power sent to Congress last month .
Advertisements
One of the tell tale signs of how a Supreme Court nominee is going to fare is always the initial criticism of the opposition .
So far the right wing has hit President Obama ’s Supreme Court nominee Elena Kagen with allegations that she a socialist ( Glenn Beck ) , hates the military ( Bill Kristol ) , and is a bad driver ( National Review ) .
I did n’t realizing that driving was a constitutional issue .
First , up we have Glenn Beck , who had to turn Kagan into a Red via Media Matters :
Advertisements
Beck pointed to Kagan ’s Master ’s thesis about Socialism in New York City 1900 - 1930 as evidence that she is a Socialist .
Beck claimed that she endorsed Socialism in her thesis , ” Then she issues a call to action .
Her call for Socialists to unite in order to , “ defeat the entrenched foe . ”
Later Beck concluded , “ It is true that you do n’t necessarily endorse this in your thesis , but how many times do we have to hear this from people .
I mean Hillary Clinton wrote it on Saul Alinsky .
I mean how many times do we have to hear this .
Would n’t you love somebody who is really not interested who wrote their thesis on George Washington . ”
Then we have Bill Kristol who has flip - flopped and now claims that Kagan has hositility towards the military , “ For me , the key obstacle to Elena Kagan ’s confirmation is pt. 5 in Ed Whelan ’s NRO post , which is also the question raised by Peter Berkowitz in these pages several years ago and by Peter Beinart just recently : Her hostility to the U.S. military . ”
This so called opposition is based on some of the discriminatory recruitment policies of the U.S. military , but Kristol labels any opposition to a military policy as hostility towards the military , “ Many important people are complicit in what Kagan regards as the “ moral injustice of the first order ” of Do n’t Ask , Do n’t Tell .
The only ones Kagan sought to make pay a price were those serving the ranks of the military .
So Kagan needs to be asked :
Why does n’t this reflect hostility to the military ? ”
Kristol seems to have forgotten that he endorsed Kagan as a Supreme Court nominee of the April 11 , 2010 edition of Fox News Sunday :
The cherry on top of these attacks is the allegation in the National Review that Kagan is a bad driver .
According to National Review ’s Ed Whelan , “ Kagan … is such a product of New York City that she did not learn to drive until her late 20s .
According to her friend John Q. Barrett , a law professor at St. John ’s University , it is a skill she has not yet mastered . ”
Of course , the true implication that Whelan is making is Kagan is that Kagan is liberal New York City elitist , who is out of touch with “ real America ” because she did n’t learn to drive until she was in her late 20s .
This is the best criticism that the right has to offer ?
Beck throwing out the concept of academic research , so that he can label Kagan a Socialist , which by the way , no self respecting academic institution would ever allow a call to action in a Master ’s thesis .
Beck intentionally took her thesis out of its academic contest to boost his claims of socialism .
However he is not as bad as Kristol who seems to be suffering from short term memory loss , because he does n’t remember endorsing Kagan for the Supreme Court a month ago , but Kristol is not as bad as Whelan , who was reduced to spouting out stereotypes about women and city dwellers , to argue that she is not fit for the Supreme Court .
Kagan was in the running last time before Obama selected Sotomayor , so the right has had plenty of time to come up with a line of attack on Kagan , yet they have nothing .
I suspect that most of the serious criticism of Kagan could come from the Left as Obama will be replacing a true liberal with someone who holds very conservative views on presidential power and terrorism .
Liberals will be much less enthused with Kagan than moderates , and If confirmed she will move the court will move further right on some issues .
On Tuesday , Microsoft was awarded a U.S. patent for " portable applications . "
The description of this innovative technology ?
Running an executable file from a flash device .
More specifically , portable applications are defined like this , according to the abstract in the patent documents .
" A portable storage device includes an interface and one or more flash memories .
The one or more flash memories store one or more executable files that can be executed by a host computer to which the device is coupled without altering any environment settings on the host computer even though the one or more executable files include instructions to access environment settings .
Additionally , the application is bound to the portable storage device during an activation process . "
Does this , or does this not , sound an awful lot like running an application from a thumb drive instead of loading it onto your computer and running it from there ?
A Microsoft spokesperson offers this clarification : " The patent relates to portable applications that can be executed from a portable memory device ( such as a USB flash drive ) without impacting the configuration of the computer .
The patent is not directed solely to running an application from a flash drive but to running an application from the flash drive without altering the configuration of the computer . "
The patent document , originally filed as a patent application on December 15 , 2004 , goes on to explain why this technology is unique .
It explains that computer users only have a couple of options when traveling and wanting to access their applications .
They can take a computer with them .
They can break open their computers and take the hard drive with them .
( I kid you not , the patent application actually says that . )
It explains :
" Such a solution can also be problematic because it requires a significant amount of effort to open and disconnect the hard drive from their computer as well as install the hard drive in another computer , leaves their computer without the hard drive and thus typically unusable , raises compatibility issues ... "
It discusses how users can copy programs to a DVD and travel with them , too .
The patent document clearly notes that Microsoft is not claiming rights to the act of copying data onto a USB device :
" a USB device allows a user to transfer data from one computer to the USB device , then plug the USB device into another computer and access the data on the USB device .
Such USB devices , however , solve only part of the problem because they are commonly used only for storing data .
If the computer that the user is using does not have the proper program , then the data is typically not accessible to the user in a useful form . "
But if a device includes flash as a memory technology , and can run an application on an attached computer solely from the flash drive , that 's what Microsoft says it invented .
Am I missing something or have n't computer users been able to run applications via portable media since the 5 1/4 - inch floppy drive ?
The Iomega ?
If a picture is worth 1,000 words , here are the pictures from the Patent filing that describe the technology .
I especially love the last one as the illustration of the " portable device " looks a lot like a netbook .
The modem is a reminder that this patent application was first submitted just prior to 2005 .
But what could the USPTO possibly be thinking in granting it this week ?
According to lawyers I recently talked to , if this patent really is as crazy as it appears to be ( to me ) , it might not have teeth .
If a company gets sued for patent infringement , that company has the right to ask the patent office to re-examin the patent .
And , according to the law professor , only about a quarter of re-examined patents make it past a second round with all of their claims in tact .
Source : United States Patent and Trademark Office Patent Number : US007712086
Source : United States Patent and Trademark Office Patent Number : US007712086
Source : United States Patent and Trademark Office Patent Number : US007712086
Source : United States Patent and Trademark Office Patent Number : US007712086
Source : United States Patent and Trademark Office Patent Number : US007712086
For the record , the Microsoft spokesperson also suggested I run the actual claim ... this is the technology / process over which Microsoft has rights to collect royalties .
I find the above pictures to say it all , but if you prefer words , here they are .
" 1 . A portable storage device comprising : an interface ; and one or more storage elements , coupled to a host computer through the interface , that store one or more applications that can be executed by the host computer , with the host computer identifying and installing device driver information specific to one or more storage elements on the host computer such that the host computer detects a presence of the one ormore storage elements while not maintaining information specific to the applications in a system information store of the host computer by having the applications queried regarding functionality of each of the applications through an operating system of the host computer , the one or more storage elements comprising : a private store to maintain environment settings associated with the applications and to receive requests to access environment settings of the applications of the one or more storage elements without altering environment settings of the host computer , and in response to the requests , accessing the environment settings in the private store rather than the environment settings on the host computer , wherein the private store I sconfigured with a separate private local profile for each of the applications ; and an auto run module that is accessed by the host computer to present a user interface identifying applications that can be run by executing corresponding executable files in the one or more storage elements , wherein the auto run module is configured with information necessary to execute each of the applications of the one or more storage elements , wherein each application requires activation upon being executed by the host computer for a first time , wherein activation binds the application uniquely to the portable storage device through use of an identifier identifying the portable storage device so the application can only be executed from the bound portable storage device , wherein activation comprises writing activation information to the portable storage device , and wherein activation allows execution of each application for each time after the first time by the host computer or by another computer to which the portable storage device is coupled . "
We all know that HTC has never been in the same categories as the other big players in the handset market .
Samsung , Nokia , LG , and all the other handset manufacturers churn through millions of phone per months , while HTC struggles to hit those same numbers in a quarter .
But with the ever - increasing adoption rate of the Android platform , HTC sales are expected to rise significantly in Q2 of 2010 .
HTC is expecting revenues of $ 1.6 billion in Q2 , based on sales of 4.5 million handsets .
Those numbers are significantly higher than the 3.3 million phones HTC sold in Q1 .
HTC ’s CFO , Cheng Hui-ming the upward trend to the “ growing popularity of the Android platform in Europe and the US ” .
It ’s no secret that Android is HTC ’s new OS of choice .
The HTC Incredible launched today on Verizon , and Sprint and T - Mobile are expected to launch flagship HTC Android handsets within the next month or two .
We still do not know what HTC has planned for Windows Phone 7 later in the year , but we can be sure that the sales numbers from HTC will continue to trend upwards .
Source : Financial Times
There have been a plethora of creative inspirations behind Nike SB Dunk High colorways in the past , but this one might just take the cake .
Though at first the inspiration behind this sneaker may be a bit hard to understand , a quick look at the skunk ’s eyes on the insole , the stash spot in the tongue , and the materials used , one can easily deduce what inspired this Dunk .
To top it all off , the Nike SB Dunk High “ Skunk ” is expected to release on 4/20 – we ’ll just assume you know why .
Via Warped .
© Jim Morin
My favorite part of this comic is the two - headed justice .
With the glasses , that makes for eight eyes .
Who says justice is blind ?
Is n’t it interesting that Justice Stevens is considered to be a liberal , even though he was nominated to the court by a Republican president ?
UPDATE : The National Journal analyzed Justice Stevens and says that he started out as fairly conservative .
They rank him the 12th most conservative nominee since the FDR era , and put him to the right of Reagan nominees Sandra Day O’Connor and Anthony Kennedy .
Stevens himself says that he has remained true to his conservative values over the years , while the rest of the court moved far to the right .
At Microsoft , we are using a weird way to count the years :
Our fiscal year goes from July to July for some historical reason , and so every mid-calendar year , we are faced with what other firms often do in December : Reorganizing the teams , doing accounting , finishing up the budgets ...
The end of the fiscal year 2019 also marked the end of our Microsoft Ignite the Tour 2019 , in which we tried quite a few new concepts .
We took this tour on the road in 17 different locations , including more remote locations where Microsoft rarely has first party conferences .
I 've personally spoken at 9 of these locations , many of these for my first time , including Mexico City , Sao Paulo , Johannesburg , Hong Kong and more .
You can see the videos of Microsoft Ignite the Tour 2019 here .
And in 2020 ?
With 2020 coming up , we are already hard at work on the next edition of Microsoft Ignite the Tour .
And for this edition , we go bigger and further :
We will have 30 locations on 5 continents ( still no edition in Antartica I am afraid :)
For me personally , this is also time for a change .
I asked for and obtained a change in my activities : Starting in August ( which coincidentally also marks my second anniversary at Microsoft ) , I will move in my good friend Scott Cate 's team , and my main activity for fiscal year 2020 will be dedicated to the Tour .
Learning paths : A success that we will repeat
More specifically , I will lead one of the learning paths consisting of five breakout sessions and one theater session .
It 's still a bit early to reveal what this learning path will be about , but let 's just say that we are building on last year 's feedback , keeping what worked great and improving the few areas where we can be better .
The teams are now assembled and hard at work to create the sessions .
Polymath : A polyvalent presenter
One of the things we had to deal with last year was emergency situations .
One of my colleagues ended up in the hospital just a couple of days before he was supposed to be presenting ( he is good now , no worries :) .
We managed to solve this issue thanks to a very professional team and extra work , but it was stressy .
This year we want to be better prepared .
This is why in addition to leading one of the learning paths , I will also take the role of polymath .
In Wikipedia , the article about polymath is illustrated by a picture of Leonardo da Vinci .
Source : Wikipedia
This is of course very ambitious and none of us is seriously comparing ourselves to that great man .
By extrapolation , our definition of a polymath on Microsoft Ignite the Tour is someone who learns 10 different sessions , and is able to deliver those , in case of emergency such as above , with minimal preparation and time .
This is a really interesting challenge for us , which will lead us to learn even more about Azure than we would normally do .
A Cloud Advocate is ( amongst other things ) a professional presenter , and so it 's not new for us to learn and give new sessions in a relatively short time .
But a big part of the job is also to be a learner .
We keep learning new technologies , new services , every day .
More than ever , at 48 years old I am still learning ever day , and I just love it .
The polymath role pushes me further in that activity and I just love it .
Without revealing too much , I can say that the areas where I will be learning and presenting are artificial intelligence , web apps , databases , containers and more .
In the next few weeks , we will start being more precise about the content of Microsoft Ignite the Tour , and I will also detail the locations where you will be able to meet me in person .
For now , you can already get ready for Microsoft Ignite the Tour and check all the locations .
I am looking forward very much to meeting more people in person , and to deliver these new and updated sessions .
Happy coding !
Laurent
Introductory Material ( pdf )
Part One–Babylon : The Rise and Fall of Sloanist Mass Production
Chapter One . A Wrong Turn , and the Path Not Taken ( pdf )
A. Preface : Mumford ’s Periodization of Technological History
B. The Neotechnic Phase
C. A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Neotechnic Revolution
Chapter Two .
Moloch : The Anatomy of Sloanist Mass - Production Industry ( pdf )
Introduction
A. Institutional Forms to Provide Stability
B. Mass Consumption and Push Distribution to Absorb Surplus
C. State Action to Absorb Surplus : Imperialism
D. State Action to Absorb Surplus : State Capitalism
E. Mene , Mene , Tekel , Upharsin ( A Critique of Sloanism ’s Defenders )
F. The Pathologies of Sloanism
G. Mandatory High Overhead
Chapter Three .
Babylon is Fallen ( pdf )
Introduction
A. Resumption of the Crisis of Overaccumulation
B. Resource Crises ( Peak Oil )
C. Fiscal Crisis of the State
D. Decay of the Cultural Pseudomorph
E. Failure to Counteract Limits to Capture of Value by Enclosure of the Digital Commons
F. Networked Resistance , Netwar and Asymmetric Warfare Against Corporate Management
Part Two–Zion : The Renaissance of Decentralized Production \
Chapter Four .
Back to the Future ( pdf )
A. Home Manufacture
B. Relocalized Manufacturing
C. New Possibilities for Flexible Manufacturing
Sidebar on Marxist Objections to Non-Capitalist Markets : The Relevance of the Decentralized Industrial Model
Chapter Five .
The Small Workshop , Desktop Manufacturing , and Household Microenterprise ( pdf )
A. Neighborhood and Backyard Industry
B. The Desktop Revolution and Peer Production in the Immaterial Sphere
C. The Expansion of the Desktop Revolution and Peer Production into the Physical Realm
C1 . Open -Source Design : Removal of Proprietary Rents from the Design Stage , and Modular Design .
C2 . Reduced Transaction Costs of Aggregating Capital .
C3 . Reduced Capital Outlays for Physical Production .
D. The Microenterprise
Appendix .
Case Studies in the Coordination of Networked Fabrication and Open Design
# 1. Open Source Ecology / Factor e Farm .
# 2 . 100 k Garages
# 3 . Assessment
Chapter Six . Resilient Communities and Local Economies ( pdf )
A. Local Economes of Bases of Independence and Buffers Against Economic Turbulence
B. Historical Models of the Resilient Community
C. Resilience , Primary Social Units , and Libertarian Values
D. LETS Systems , Barter Networks , and Community Currencies
E. Community Bootstrapping
F. Contemporary Ideas and Projects
* Jeff Vail ’s Hamlet Economy
* Global Ecovillage Networking
* The Transition Town Movement
* Global Villages
* Venture Communism
* Decentralized Economic and Social Organization ( DESO )
* The Triple Alliance
Chapter Seven .
The Alternative Economy as a Singularity ( pdf )
A. Networked Production and the Bypassing of Corporate Nodes
B. The Advantages of Value Creation Outside the Cash Nexus
C. More Efficient Extraction of Value from Inputs
D. The Implications of Reduced Physical Capital Costs
E. Strong Incentives and Reduced Agency Costs
F. Reduced Costs from Supporting Rentiers and Other Useless Eaters
G. The Stigmergic Non-Revolution
H. The Singularity
Conclusion
Appendix .
The Singularity in the Third World
Bibliography ( pdf )
Share this : Flattr
Reddit
Twitter
Like this : Like Loading ...
A Queens Catholic priest is under fire for claiming that the church pedophile scandal has been distorted by the media — because it ’s controlled by Jews .
“ The most insignificant facts are intensified , they make sensational headlines , and that helps sell newspapers , ” the Rev. Vytautas Volertas , told a Lithuanian - language newspaper on May 1 .
“ To put it another way , who controls the press ?
The Jews .
Have you ever seen an article in The New York Times about a criminal rabbi ?
No ?
And you wo n’t see one . ”
In fact , the Times , like every other major New York newspaper , last year reported the arrests of five rabbis who were indicted in a money - laundering probe in New Jersey .
Volertas , assigned to the Church of the Transfiguration in Maspeth , apologized after being chastised by Bishop Nicholas DiMarzio of the Brooklyn Diocese .
DiMarzio was “ appalled ” by the remarks , a spokesman said .
Volertas , in a statement released by the diocese , said , “ I sincerely apologize to the Jewish people for the harm that my words may have caused .
“ Moreover , I beg forgiveness of the victims of clergy sexual abuse . ”
Paramutation is a heritable epigenetic modification induced in plants by cross - talk between allelic loci .
Here we report a similar modification of the mouse Kit gene in the progeny of heterozygotes with the null mutant Kittm1 Alf ( a lacZ insertion ) .
In spite of a homozygous wild - type genotype , their offspring maintain , to a variable extent , the white spots characteristic of Kit mutant animals .
Efficiently inherited from either male or female parents , the modified phenotype results from a decrease in Kit messenger RNA levels with the accumulation of non-polyadenylated RNA molecules of abnormal sizes .
Sustained transcriptional activity at the postmeiotic stages — at which time the gene is normally silent — leads to the accumulation of RNA in spermatozoa .
Microinjection into fertilized eggs either of total RNA from Kittm1 Alf / + heterozygotes or of Kit- specific microRNAs induced a heritable white tail phenotype .
Our results identify an unexpected mode of epigenetic inheritance associated with the zygotic transfer of RNA molecules .
Sorry to spoil the fun , Googlers , but one of your own just sneaked us a peek at your April Fool ’s Day prank : Google Jail .
That or , um , Google is far more sinister ( and naive ) than we ever imagined … Nah !
This all came to us from , let ’s say , a trusted source connected to Google .
Perhaps most surprising is the sense of humor and amount of leeway to goof off apparently given to Googlers .
( We figured the Eric Schmidt - Steve Jobs man date was the end of shenanigans ) .
Still , there ’s part of us that wonders whether this is any crazier than , say , Google investing in a genetic research company .
Here ’s how the “ launch ” was planning to be announced , according to a screen shot :
Google Jail for Communities
Google is planning to launch an experiment that we hope will make prisons better for everyone .
We plan to test ultra high - tech incarceration facilities in one or more trial locations across the country .
We will deliver Googleplex - quality services 100 times better than what most American prisoners have access to today , including fiber - to - the - cell connections .
We ’ll offer service to at least 50,000 and potentially up to 500,000 inmates .
From now until June 1st , we ’re asking interested municipalities to provide us with information about their prison infrastructure and crime rates through a Request for Information ( RFI ) , which we ’ll use to determine where to build our jails .
There was even a video attachment ( a video of a video ,
actually ) , which we ’ve shared below .
It fits Google’s
usual awkward amateurish presentation style–does this come natural or are these guys really this self - actualized ?
( Also , this kid ’s the “ project manager ? ! ”
What is
he , 12 ? ! )
According to a University of Illinois study , omega - 3 fatty acids may be good for more than heart health .
A little - known omega - 3 may have implications for treating male infertility .
" In our experiment , we used ' knockout ' mice that lacked the gene responsible for an enzyme important in making docosahexaenoic acid ( DHA ) .
In the absence of DHA , male mice are basically infertile , producing few if any misshaped sperm that can't get where they need to go , " said Manabu Nakamura , a U of I associate professor of food science and human nutrition .
" We looked at sperm count , shape , and motility and tested the breeding success rate , and the mice lacking DHA simply were not able to breed , " said Manuel Roqueta - Rivera , a U of I doctoral student who also worked on the study .
In the DHA - deficient knockout mice , sperm counts were extremely low .
The sperm that were produced were round instead of elongated and they were unable to move well , he said .
But , when DHA was introduced into the diet , fertility was completely restored .
" It was very striking .
When we fed the mice DHA , all these abnormalities were prevented , " he said .
This is the first time that the importance of DHA to male fertility has been shown this directly , although some studies have suggested that male fertility patients with low sperm counts and less motile sperm tend to have low levels of this fatty acid .
The DHA study is part of the Nakamura team 's efforts to understand the function of the omega - 3 and - 6 fatty acids .
As part of that work , they have developed a mouse model to help them understand a particular fat 's physiological role .
By knocking out genes , they can create deficiencies of the fats they are interested in and learn about their functions .
" Knocking out the gene for the delta - 6 - desaturase enzyme has led to some surprising discoveries , including this one about the importance of DHA in sperm formation and mobility , " he said .
Nakamura said our body must make DHA from dietary alpha- linolenic acids , the parent compound of the omega - 3 fatty acid family .
Vegetable oils , including soybean and canola oil , are good sources of alpha- linolenic acid .
Nakamura 's team plans to continue focusing on this omega - 3's effects on fertility .
But he cautioned that there are still things they do n't understand .
" We get hints from looking at sperm in the DHA - deficient animals about what type of pathology we may be looking at and why these polyunsaturated fatty acids are important .
But we 're still at the starting point in understanding the mechanisms that are involved , and we need to do more research at the cellular level , " he said .
Funding was provided in part by a CONACyT Mexico fellowship award , grants from the National Institutes of Health , the Foundation Fighting Blindness , and Research to Prevent Blindness .
In the 1940s , the Golden Age of comics defined the modern superhero .
Great men and women of unwavering morality and courage !
Unfortunately , they were all accompanied by half - naked children , ethnic stereotypes , the morbidly obese and idiots who split their time between getting captured and slipping on banana peels .
Here , I 'll let flaming robot and sidekick expert The Human Torch explain : Wing Sidekick for : The Crimson Avenger Back in early Detective Comics , The Crimson Avenger had a Chinese chauffeur named Wing .
You hardly ever saw him and he talked like a comedy skit about laundromats , but he carried a bit of dignity .
The writers gave the impression that while we were watching Crimson Avenger stumble through a crime scene , Wing was outside kicking the criminal 's ass .
If they made a movie , he'd be played by Jet Li , not Jackie Chan .
Then Crimson Avenger got retooled .
Probably inspired by Batman , he went from being a gunfighter in a Zorro mask to something you 'd draw if your Pictionary word was " Underwater McDonald 's rapist . "
That meant that Wing was also retooled to something similar but more offensive .
If they made a movie of this version , they 'd fire Jet Li and replace him with Shawn Wayans with his eyes scotch - taped back .
Wing 's new outfit was yellow tights , a shark fin , baggy red shorts and an open - faced mask that accentuated his dentist 's careful attention to racism .
Strangely , when looking at superhero fashion , form - fitting panties over a body stocking is only borderline gay , but something about cargo shorts over tights is fully gay .
It 's like you 're gay AND you could n't be bothered to do laundry .
Either that or Wing shit himself mid-mission and had to scrounge a pair of pants from a dead UPS man .
The retooling affected more than Wing 's wardrobe and preference for sex holes .
He went from grown man to teen boy and lost his ability to say the letter " r. "
He now pronounced " Crimson Avenger " as " Mist ' Climson . "
In a way , this helped keep the larger racism in check since you could never be certain what he was saying .
" Lemembel , gills !
No folget buy US Wal Bonds !
And when get plegnant , thlow the gill ones away ! "
Roy the Super - Boy Sidekick for :
The Wizard Obviously , the most common accessory for every crime fighter in the 1940s was a nude teen boy .
And Roy the Super - Boy was the greatest of them all .
He , like all young adventurers , had no super powers , combat training or pants .
It was a grand time .
Every attack a spastic leap into his opponent 's ass or crotch !
Every plan a front end of a donkey costume !
And together with fellow sidekick Dusty the Amazing Boy Detective , Roy was one half of the ass - and - crotch - leaping Boy Buddies !
Just think , when they drew this panel 70 years ago , it never would have occurred to them that I 'd take it out of context and give it the caption , " Who would have thought detective work involved so much proctology ? "
Dear Jefferson
Elementary theater department and janitorial staff :
We 're really , really sorry .
- Roy and Dusty
If you walk through the Boy Buddies turf wearing a purple suit and carrying a purse , that 's 70 different kinds of implied yeses .
It was the yearning in Hitler 's handjob hands that became the dictator 's downfall .
Etta Candy Sidekick for : Wonder Woman Etta Candy was a fat , screaming woman from Texas that enjoyed candy .
And in case any reader forgot , they were reminded about one or more of those things every time she opened her mouth .
Whenever it came time to write a line for her , the writer thought , " What would a fat person say here ? "
And the answer was always the same : " Mention being fat then charge . "
The Wonder Woman research staff must have bought the good encyclopedias .
Let 's take a look at some of Etta 's greatest hits .
Let me add an addendum to this .
Kids , if a fat person ever tries to fill you with candy while giving you clearly insane medical advice , they 're probably trying to glaze you from the inside out before they push you into an oven .
Like all overweight people in comic books , Etta 's size was a special ability and not a health problem .
If she met Nazis or mythological monsters , and she did a lot , she 'd simply close her eyes and lean in their direction .
This left gravity and momentum no choice but to kill them .
Etta 's idea of personality was shouting " Woo ! Woo ! " whenever she was n't verbally masturbating about candy .
She obviously was n't clear on when " Woo ! Woo ! " was appropriate .
It 's possible that her forehead fat was putting too much pressure on the part of her brain that regulates cheering .
I guess Wonder Woman 's idea of maintaining a secret identity was being a total bitch .
She was right , though .
In a surprising lack of a twist , the fat girl 's suitcase was entirely full of candy .
It 's what 's known in the writing business as an Ending .
Wonder Woman finds that nothing is more frustrating when you 're trying to make a fat person cry than having them accept all your insults as scientific truths .
Why wo n't you tell me I 'm better than you , you diabetes whore !?
Pinky the Whiz Kid Sidekick for : Mr. Scarlet Mr. Scarlet and Pinky were secret crime fighters that really thought they were outsmarting everyone .
In their non-superhero disguises , they were district attorney Brian Butler and his unexplainable boy companion " Pinky . "
They did n't even spell it differently .
It 's like they were trying to get arrested for vigilantism .
Maybe because they did n't know how to tell their parents , but probably for the jail sex .
Mr. Scarlet never actually turned to the reader and said , " I make love to this teen lad ! "
But the two of them hid their alternative lifestyle in the same place they hid their secret identity : at the end of a trail of clumsy , unmistakable clues .
First , if your superhero name is the same as your real name and you 're wearing a mask , that 's either a gay sex mask or a pointless gesture .
It 'd be like a bus driver wearing a dildo or a nice gay couple wearing a bus driver .
Second , let 's revisit that his name is " Pinky . "
That 's almost as subtle as the catch phrase , " Strip for action ! "
Why not just name the kid Uncut Dickmilker ?
" Pinky " sounds like something your grandparents called gay people when they thought none of them were listening .
If I 'm taking a multiple choice quiz and it asks what a Pinky is , the only thing that could get me to not pick " Gay " would be if I saw the option " Sex position between a man and a fish . "
Third , Mr. Scarlet and Pinky dropped hints even during fist fights .
Before every punch , they would turn their crotch towards camera and do luscious lunges into the full splits .
They contorted into positions so unhelpful for punching that a more suspicious person might think they skipped karate class to focus entirely on acrobatic teabagging .
Whitewash Jones Sidekick for : The Young Allies Whitewash Jones was racist at a level we simply can't recreate with today 's technology .
When mocking our cultural differences , the writers of Young Allies had all the tact of Michael Richards in a prison fight .
Whitewash Jones was the sidekick on an entire team of sidekicks , but each of them had a special ability .
One was great at punching , one was fat , one was an inventor and then there was Whitewash .
He was good on a harmonica and ( sigh ) " de watermelon . "
He was also drawn in a labored , decidedly different way from the other characters as if the penciller was copying from photos of chimpanzees and his hand knew he was wrong for it .
You know when you 're watching a movie trailer about a dark and sinister enemy and a record scratch reveals that it was just a fun movie about a puppy the whole time ?
This is the exact reverse of that .
This is like watching Santa laughing in his sleigh , then pulling out a high - powered rifle and shooting people near the Arizona border .
Culturally it makes a kind of sense for a white loner to team - up with patriotism - inspired slayings , but it 's a level of surprise racism you 're never ready for .
" Hmm , only mice .
Wait a- then why are you talking like an offensive stereotype ! ? "
See , this is indicative of the racist system my people perpetuated in the 1940s .
The establishment worked to ensure that minorities were not educated on which animals could and could not talk .
To this day , Eskimos still think Alvin & The Chipmunks is the news .
If I had to pick a favorite racial stereotype , it 'd probably be how white people see a ghost and they 're like , " Is there ranch dressing on the other side , ghost ? " but then how black people are all , " What am rattling ?
Tubby IS you IS or is you AINT ? "
When it came to following cultural guidelines on dealing with the supernatural , Whitewash Jones was a world record holder .
He calls the Ghostbusters over unexplained erections .
" Mistah Ghostbustas , do you 's all covah s- spectralized handjobberings ! ? "
In a civil rights coup , the Young Allies artist eventually began drawing Whitewash with a human bone structure , but as you can see , he never quite reached the level of a negative sixth grade education .
You got the idea that the Nazis could outwit him with a game of Peek - a - Boo .
" Your lack of object permanence is your weakness , Englander ! "
Maybe to make up for the celebration of racism that was Whitewash Jones , one issue included a page of Strange - But - True facts that carefully insulted the intelligence of all its readers .
Is the Strange - But - True part the fact that some fucking lunatic wrote that down and gave it to children ?
Related :
Current efforts to portray traditional beers as modern unisex drinks seem to be missing the point .
It 's not bitter on Twitter or the ' ale ' in ' female ' that counts if you want to turn young , funky types on to cask ales
It 's National Cask Ale Week , this week , that time of the year when the likes of CAMRA and Cask Marque celebrate real beer .
Judging by the wholly unbelievable pictures of attractive , cosmopolitan middle - youths enjoying a pint on the Cask Ale Week home page ; Monday 's Twitter - based beer tasting with Roger Protz ; and such innovations as the new Cask Marque iPhone app , there is a real desire among interested trade bodies in giving real ale a contemporary makeover .
This is n't the first attempt to make real beer appear young , sexy and thrusting and it wo n't be the last .
But if our brewers , landlords and beer enthusiasts really want to break with the stereotypes nailed so accurately in Viz 's Real Ale Twats , then , perhaps , they need to start with the basics .
The real issue is bitter , not Twitter .
If they want real ale to appeal to a broader range of people , they have to address the issues of brewing , branding and the wider real ale culture which alienate so many potential converts .
In the interests of real change , therefore , Word of Mouth presents The Malt Manifesto .
1 ) Sneering at ' lager boys ' for drinking fizzy slop is counter - productive .
No -one likes a smartarse .
How about a change of tack ?
Namely , encouraging drinkers to , at least , differentiate between Budvar and Carling .
2) Price .
We 're in a recession .
Real ale is routinely 50 p - £ 1 cheaper - a- pint than those big name beers where you 're just , as any beer bore will tell you , ' drinking the advertising ' .
Why is n't CAMRA hammering that ?
3 ) The real ale community really needs to work on its ' look ' .
Beards , leather waistcoats and that whole Bill Bailey thing just is n't working for me .
Likewise , beer festivals , where the entertainment is generally of a hurdy gurdy folk bent , or a Pink Floyd covers band if you 're lucky .
Recently , a friend of mine - a seasoned festival veteran , I should add - was even subjected to an outbreak of Morris dancing .
Now , beer is a broad church , but if real ale wants to attract a more diverse audience it , surely , needs more attractive brand ambassadors , a wider cultural frame of reference .
Hosting a beer festival ?
Go mad , have an indie disco .
4 ) Life is short .
Does the lay drinker really have time ( much less the inclination ) to worry about the technical differences between a stout and a porter or the characteristics of Fuggles and Golding hops ?
Radically , this man argues that you can , broadly , define all beers by colour , as a starting point for beer appreciation .
You 've got to talk to people in a language that they understand .
5 ) As one contributor to the Real Ale Blog puts it : " Sometimes I feel like beer names and pump - clips are created by brewers in some demented vacuum of taste and logic . "
Note to brewers : if you are trying to build a modern ' brand identity ' , please do not look to Tolkien , the Carry On films , the tongue - twisting ' wit ' of Richard Stilgoe or , much worse , Margaret Thatcher for inspiration .
I do n't want to order a pint of Sheepshagger 's Gold or a Golden Shower .
Instead , I want sharp graphic design or something iconic , timeless and self - explanatory .
6 ) Beer needs to be cold .
Colder , certainly , than many real ale pubs serve it .
People ( people conditioned by keg lager , if you like ) want a pint that is chilled and refreshing ; something which , in the first instance , will slake a thirst .
We can enjoy its subtler flavours as it warms a little , sat on the table .
But you will never lure in lager drinkers with lukewarm beer .
7 ) Is it me , or wo n't the ladies find this a bit patronising ?
If 1.3 m women already drink real ale , do they really need a femALE day and - Lord above - " special female friendly ales " ?
8 ) Boil it down and the difference between good and bad beer is the difference between beers brewed for taste and beers brewed for volume .
Therefore , rather than the current concentration of campaigning power around one traditional , rather fusty beer type - cask ale - why not a broad front , uniting , not just cask drinkers , but Belgian beer hunters , German schwarzbier fanatics and fans of other bona fide beer styles ?
9 ) Real ale 's biggest enemy ?
British brewers .
Specifically those British brewers who flood the market with dull , steady , fundamentally boring brown beers , on a flavour spectrum defined by Greene King IPA and Taylor 's Landlord .
Contrast this with America where uninhibited , challengingly hoppy craft beers are flourishing .
More power to those Meantime and Brewdog , who are taking inspiration from the US of A ( and boldly riffing on the ' rebellious ' , anti-corporate nature of artisan beer brewing to boot ) .
10 ) Beer gets you drunk .
Being pleasantly drunk is fine .
It 's a beatific state , even .
No -one celebrates this any more .
Everyone wants you to moderate your drinking , match beer with food , savour the complexities of real ale as you might a fine wine .
Puh - lease !
Just shut up and get your round in .
Now , what have I missed ?
" Everywhere is within walking distance if you have enough time . "
- Stephen Wright
" All truly great thoughts are conceived by walking . "
- Friedrich Nietzsche
Is there anything more simple , or joyous , than the act of walking ?
You do n't need expensive or exotic gear for this activity .
If you lived on a tropical beach you would n't even have to bother with clothes or shoes .
Just stand up and off you go .
There is something magical about walking .
In this most basic of activities , simply striding forth , we can discover brave new worlds .
Whether in our very own neighborhood , or farther afield , walking leads us into experience - serendipitous things are bound to happen .
Until recently , people had to walk everywhere ( uphill both ways ) .
But even as we lay down our black ribbons of highway , and build more complicated and expensive cars , walking retains its mystical qualities .
We instinctively know that walking rules .
When that uber - car breaks down , and you raise the hood and fail to find the on / off switch , you can always walk home .
I have a walking loop in my neighbourhood that is about 3 km in length .
It takes me past homes and businesses , under towering trees , through a cemetery , and along a beach .
I walk my circuit a few times a week , and the joy of just walking out the door and propelling myself along is exhilarating .
Nature fills my senses and I retreat into the moment .
It is a massage for my legs , my body , and my mind .
Walking is my most cherished simple pleasure .
What is yours ?
Do you remember him ?
Thirty years ago , he was one of the most promising young actors in Hollywood .
He ’d started doing TV commercials at age 5 .
By 12 , he was being directed by Oscar winner John Schlesinger .
And at 15 , he became a teen icon — the epitome of adolescent cool — as Kelly Leak in The Bad News Bears .
Do you remember him now ?
That pip -squeak rebel on the back of a Harley , behind a pair of Foster Grants , cigarette dangling from his lips ?
The kid who seduced the unseducible Tatum O’Neal over a game of air hockey ?
Do you remember the screw - you sneer and home - run trot that made him a Bicentennial - era Brando ?
When the movie came out in the spring of 1976 , he could n’t walk through a mall without being chased by rabid teenage girls .
Do you remember him at 17 as one of four blue - collar , going - nowhere kids in Breaking Away ?
The movie , which remains one of the most poignant coming - of - age movies ever made , was nominated for five Oscars , including Best Picture .
And his costar Dennis Quaid went on to star in The Right Stuff and marry Meg Ryan .
His next date was with puberty .
And he suffered that indignity on a 50 - foot - tall movie screen .
His face , once peppered with boyishly cute freckles , was now fighting a public — and futile — battle with acne .
His voice was getting froggy and deep .
His height peaked at just under five and a half feet .
He still had the acting chops , no one questioned that .
But the movie offers for the once - adorable kid were slowing to a trickle .
He landed a part as Tom Cruise ’s horny buddy in 1983 ’s south - of - the - border sex romp Losin ’ It .
Then he had to settle for roles on MacGyver and Murder , She Wrote .
And when the phone stopped ringing , he started to drink .
Do you remember that ?
Do you remember when he turned up in grade - Z schlock like Dollman and Maniac Cop 3 ?
Probably not .
That ’s when there was n’t enough work to pay the bills and the drinking was becoming more and more of a problem .
Soon he was three months behind on his rent in Los Angeles , waiting by the phone , wondering ” How did it come to this ?
How did they forget about me ? ”
He began delivering pizzas .
And sometimes he found himself fidgeting uneasily at the door , waiting for a tip , partly hoping that the people on the other side of the threshold would n’t recognize him …and partly praying that they would .
Either way , he was humiliated .
So he began driving a limousine .
Surely , he thought , that would be more anonymous work .
But soon he found himself chauffeuring celebrities to movie premieres .
While he waited in the front seat chain - smoking , they walked the red carpet .
So he took a job as a security guard .
” Everybody ’s got to work , ” he says , looking back at that grim time .
” It ’s nothing to apologize for .
But the problem was , for a long time I was still recognizable .
So everything I did , I had people approaching me , ‘ Are n’t you that guy ? ’
And it ’s embarrassing because you ’re standing there in your little security - guard outfit with a billy club . ”
Even now , especially now , you do n’t have to tell him about how tricky the transition from teen actor to adult one is .
Or how Hollywood can be a heartless business .
Or that when your teenage looks vanish , so do your job prospects .
It took him a long time to figure that out .
To realize that his acting career was over .
And when he did , he moved to a new town to prostrate himself at the altar of invisible , entry - level work .
He learned how to direct and produce TV commercials .
The kind you might see on local cable .
No , he was n’t in front of the camera , where , if anyone had cared enough to ask him , he would have admitted he really wanted to be .
But it was close enough .
Soon he found himself running his own production company .
In San Antonio , of all places .
He managed to get back on his feet financially .
He even met a wonderful , loving woman who did n’t really even care about who he used to be .
He asked her to marry him .
And she said yes .
That ’s where his story should have ended .
And if it had ended there , it would have been a happy one .
After all , he never wound up in jail for robbing a 7 - Eleven or stooped to pimping out his once - famous name and faded reputation on The Surreal Life .
He never became bitter .
And in the end , he found peace in the anonymity of his new life .
But his story did n’t end there .
Because just when he thought no one remembered who he was and who he had once been , Hollywood came calling for Jackie Earle Haley again .
If you were sitting down next to him , would you remember him then ?
He is 45 years old now .
And if you squint hard enough , you can still make out a twinkle of that Kelly Leak mischief in his eyes .
His head is shaved Mr. Clean - bald now .
His goatee is flecked with gray .
His fingernails are chewed down to the quick .
He ’s small and wiry and he wears a black baseball cap and a pair of blue - tinted glasses that teeter on the end of his nose .
He ’s here today , telling you his story , because two years ago someone finally did remember him .
Two years ago , Sean Penn and director Steven Zaillian were casting their film All the King ’s Men .
They needed an actor for the part of ” Sugar Boy , ” a weaselly , hard - case bodyguard to Penn ’s corruptible Louisiana governor , Willie Stark .
Penn and Haley came up in the business at more or less the same time .
And , in a way , Penn went on to become the actor many expected Haley would turn out to be .
The two costarred in a 1983 Broadway play called Slab Boys , but lost touch when it was over .
Still , it was Haley ’s name that Penn suggested when Zaillian asked who he thought could play ” Sugar Boy . ”
When Penn said this , Zaillian pulled a piece of paper from his pocket and looked at the name he ’d scribbled down just the day before : Jackie Earle Haley .
” It was bizarre , ” says Zaillian , who won an Oscar in 1994 for writing Schindler ’s List .
” When Sean said , ‘ Have you thought of Jackie Earle Haley ? ’
I was like , ‘ Yeah , I ’m already trying to track him down ! ’
Very strange .
The tricky thing , though , was finding him .
Because nobody knew where he was . ”
Haley was actually on his honeymoon in the south of France .
And the newlyweds were celebrating for a lot of reasons .
After several years in San Antonio , Haley ’s commercial production company was finally taking off .
And his 20 - year - old son from a previous marriage had just moved back in with him in order to learn his old man ’s business .
For the first time in a long time , Haley did n’t want for reasons to feel hopeful about the future .
Then he got an overseas phone call from his business partner saying that someone from Hollywood had called .
He decided it could wait until he got home .
” A couple of days later he called back and said , ‘ No , it ’s Steve Zaillian ! ’
And then he starts to rattle off all of the stars in the movie : Sean Penn , Kate Winslet , Anthony Hopkins … .
For the rest of my honeymoon I was totally freaked out . ”
When Haley returned to Texas , he made an audition tape and sent it off .
” He was just as good an actor now as he had ever been , ” says Zaillian .
Haley got the part .
He flew to the New Orleans set and sat in on a read - through with Penn , Winslet , and Hopkins , and was terrified .
He had n’t acted in more than a decade .
That ’s when he started chewing his fingernails again .
” I was pretty rusty , ” says Haley .
But after his first scene , he says he felt something he had n’t felt since he was a teenager .
” I swear to God , I felt something bubble up from the tips of my toes all the way up to my fingertips .
Even though I had left all of this behind , and it had been so long , I thought to myself for the first time in a long time :
Wow , I ’m an actor !
This is in my fibers .
This is part of who I am ! ”
When the film wrapped , Haley assumed that his little comeback would be just that — a little one - off with a heartwarming anecdote to tell during the movie ’s press junket .
But then it happened again .
Someone else remembered him .
Todd Field was looking for someone to play Ronnie McGorvey , a sex offender , in his film Little Children .
That ’s when , out of the blue , Field received a 20 - minute audition tape from Haley .
” I kept watching that tape over and over again , saying , ‘ My God , this guy is amazing ! ” ’ says Field .
The director asked Winslet , who was also starring in his film , what she had thought of working with Haley on All the King ’s Men .
” She just kept raving about him , ” he says .
” And then she said , ‘ If you get Jackie to fly in and read for the part , you have to let me come in and read with him ! ” ’
” I remember that day perfectly because it was so wonderful , ” says Winslet .
” It was raining and Jackie came in and was really nervous and said to me , ‘ I ’m so glad you ’re here . ’
When he did the scene , he just nailed it .
His performance was so powerful I just started crying .
I swear , that ’s never , ever happened to me before .
Big , fat tears were streaking down my cheeks .
And when it was over , Todd said to him , ‘ Would you like the part ? ’
And Jackie just started crying , and then I started crying .
It was just a mess . ”
More than a year after his audition for Little Children , Haley ’s eyes still well up when he talks about it .
Unlike in All the King ’s Men , his role in Little Children is a pivotal one , every bit as important as Winslet ’s .
As Ronnie , the psychologically unhinged mama ’s boy who fights the persecution of a suburban town and a losing battle with his own twisted urges , Haley manages to be both heartbreaking and sickening .
When his wife , Amelia , saw the film , she cried .
It ’s an unshakable performance .
And watching it , you ca n’t help but think how crushing it must have been for Haley to give up acting more than a decade ago just because he no longer resembled the adorable kid Hollywood first fell in love with .
When asked if he ever felt bitter about it , about how the one thing he ’d been doing since he was 5 was slowly taken away from him in the most humbling , humiliating fashion , Haley shakes his head and smiles .
” Not at all .
I completely took it for granted that I was going to be an actor for the rest of my life .
And when it started to slip away , man , it took a long time to make sense of that .
But bitter ?
That would be a waste .
It feels so great now to have people come up to me .
People who wondered what had happened to me .
Honestly , I ’m amazed anyone remembered . ”
Wine Announcement
The Wine development release 1.1.41 is now available .
What 's new in this release ( see below for details ) : - A wide range of Direct3D improvements .
- Support for SHA - 256 , SHA - 384 , and SHA - 512 algorithms . - A number of MSHTML fixes .
- Support for mp3 decoding on Mac OS X. - Various widl improvements . - More typelib fixes .
- OLE storage improvements .
- Various bug fixes .
The source is available from the following locations : http://ibiblio.org/pub/linux/system/emulators/wine/wine-1.1.41.tar.bz2
http://prdownloads.sourceforge.net/wine/wine-1.1.41.tar.bz2
Binary packages for various distributions will be available from : http://www.winehq.org/site/download
You will find documentation on http://www.winehq.org/site/documentation
You can also get the current source directly from the git repository .
Check http://www.winehq.org/site/git for details .
Wine is available thanks to the work of many people .
See the file AUTHORS in the distribution for the complete list .
----------------------------------------------------------------
Bugs fixed in 1.1.41 : 10479 Grass jumping around in S.T.A.L.K.E.R. 10829 err:ntdll:RtlpWaitForCriticalSection when trying to use an SMS - sending program 11827 Asterix et les jeux olympiques demo crashes in shdocvw component 11842 abel370 crashes 12200 error message in TREPCAD on project creation 12896 kernel32 : pipe.ok hangs in PC - BSD but not Linux 13302 GetProcessMemoryInfo is unimplemented 13555 Adobe Acrobat Pro 6 does not install 14057 " Psalmen - Lieder des Lebens " fails to load 14511 Discworld Noir : segfault crash regression upon startup 14616 Dracula Origin Demo : Pixelshaders broken 15283 Morrowind : Random , usually reproducible crashes when traveling by boat 15324 gdi32 : bitmap test fails in PC - BSD but not Ubuntu 16137
If a Linux window is set to On Top , it will not be able to be on top of a Wine window set on top 16215 Adobe Framemaker 8.0 prevented from installing due to invalid O/S version 16684 cnsconf.exe fails to start 17056 Team Fortress 2 launched from within steam loads , but crashes when launching any map 17251 Torrents renaming each other 17324 Lotus Notes Client 6.5.5 crashed 17731 Profesor Henry 5.0 does n't run - a black screen appears 18572 TCP ( iexplore.exe:23945 ) : Application bug , race in MSG_PEEK .
18585 Evil Genius crashes with page fault in d3d9 18613 Hero Lab hangs with an invisible message box while loading Mutants & Masterminds RPG game 18632 gklayout.dll compiled from mingw fails to load ( .dll from Firefox ) 18997 Warcraft 3 1.23 crashes after remaining one minute in a Battle .
net chat room .
19627 IPersistFile_fnGetCurFile too stubby , some installers fail 19798 IoReportResourceUsage is not implemented 20079 WOW locks up at login screeen 20299 AutoCAD 2008 :
No images on buttons from Quick Help Toolbar 20360 Mouse cursor changes colour 20376 Albumplayer craches with dotnet20 function 20714 build fails on OpenSolaris : ifenum .c:322 : error : structure has no member named `ifr_hwaddr ' 21300 Sony Vegas 5 fails with open a new mp3 21310 motocross madness crashing 21323 Spelunky 0.98.1 crashes after config screen 21426 Fallout Tactics no longer works 21581 GTA4 crashes during " Lure " mission 21784 Pandaland does not work 21869 Jazz Jack Rabbit 2 : Black / flickering screen followed by page fault 21903 gdiplus : graphics test crashing 21938
Test tool breaks secured wireless on windows 7 x64 21941 Alpha Prime crashes right after the intro 21946 Pokémon Play It !
v2 installer aborts 21949 Verbose the d3d vertices processing code 21951 3D Studio Max 2010 trial installer crashes in GdipCreateTextureIA 21954 Blood Ties ( Yahoo ! Games ) fails during the startup 21971 Gecko- using help viewer crashes application 21980 ImgBurn : no recognized drives 21993 Lemmings Paintball : Crash when skipping intro video 22001 datetime .c test fails when LC_CTYPE=" ru_RU.UTF - 8 " 22017 LiveUpdate can not connect via proxy 22020 Page Fault in wine_utf8_wcstombs when running ToonTalk / AvrStudio 22028 King 's Bounty .
Armored Princess - mouse does n't work 22035
After clicking a link in Steam program it crashes 22043 Regression of VB6 string comparison bug 14703
----------------------------------------------------------------
Changes since 1.1.40 : Alexandre Julliard ( 17 ) : krnl386.exe : Preload gdi and user when thunks are being used .
makefiles : Do n't recurse for the testclean target .
kernel32 : Abstract the key creation routine and move the key existence check to the top - level function .
makedep : Append the separator if not found in an existing makefile .
makedep : Output source dependency for bison files needed for parallel makes .
makefiles : Remove the no longer needed explicit separators for dependencies .
makefiles : Remove the no longer needed explicit dependencies for bison files .
makefiles :
Add more shell functions to generate the main makefile .
kernel32 : Do n't try to open builtin exe files during CreateProcess , only check the path syntax .
user32/tests :
Add some tests demonstrating that SetCursor uses the thread input data .
user32/tests : Add some tests for ShowCursor .
user32/tests :
Add some tests for GetCursorInfo .
user32 : Return fake global information in GetCursorInfo instead of thread - local values .
gdiplus/tests : Create a window for graphics tests instead of painting over the desktop .
winegcc : Force importing msvcrt when using the Unicode hack for a Windows build .
oleaut32 : Move variable declaration outside of the switch statement .
shlwapi/tests : Avoid size_t in a trace .
Andrew Eikum ( 6 ) : shlwapi : Improve error handling in UrlGetPart .
hlink :
Set hlink 's location to NULL if the empty string is given .
hlink : Split target at hash in HlinkCreateFromString .
hlink : Implement IHlinkBrowseContext::GetBrowseWindowInfo. mshtml : Fix return value interpretation when navigating .
shlwapi : Only skip ' localhost ' in file URLs in UrlCanonicalize .
Andrew Nguyen ( 8 ) : wine .inf : Add LSA key under the HKLM control key .
dxdiagn / tests : Add tests for IDxDiagContainer .
dxdiagn : Fix return and output behavior of IDxDiagContainer :: EnumChildContainerNames .
dxdiagn :
Fix string copy behavior with an excessively short buffer in IDxDiagContainer :: EnumChildContainerNames .
dxdiagn : Initialize output pointer to NULL in IDxDiagContainer :: GetChildContainer .
dxdiagn :
Fix dot parsing in IDxDiagContainer :: GetChildContainer for the case of a lone dot terminator .
dxdiagn : Fix return and output behavior of IDxDiagContainer :: EnumPropNames .
dxdiagn :
Fix string copy behavior with an excessively short buffer in IDxDiagContainer : : EnumPropNames .
André Hentschel ( 3 ) : oleaut32/tests : Remove a todo_wine from a dead test .
documentation : Keep README .de in sync .
README.de : Sync german filesystem support section .
Aric Stewart ( 2 ) : winemp3.acm : Support mp3 decoding on Mac OS / X Leopard systems .
msctf : Add stub for ITfDisplayAttributeMgr. Christian Costa ( 14 ) : d3dxof : Fix tzip and bzip files tests on all windows platform .
d3dxof : Avoid using strlen for specifying templates or objects size .
d3dx9_36 : Rename variables in D3DXGetShaderConstantTable ( Ex ) to match naming convention used in the file .
d3dx9 : Fix typo in ID3DXConstantTable_SetMatrixTranspose macro . d3dx9 : Add some shader definitions .
d3dx9_36/tests :
Fix contant table header in ctab data .
d3dx9_36 : Add stub for D3DXCreateTextureFromFileInMemoryEx. d3dx9_36 : Implement ID3DXConstantTableImpl_GetDesc + tests . d3dx9_36 : Add missing GetSamplerIndex method to ID3DXConstantTable .
d3dx9_36 : Fix method name .
d3dx9_36 : Use %u to print unsigned integer .
d3dx9 : Add d3dx9effect.h include file .
d3dx9_36 : Add stub for D3DXCreateEffect .
attrib.exe : Add stubbed command .
Damjan Jovanovic ( 4 ) : setupapi : Stub out SetupDiRemoveDevice .
ntoskrnl.exe : Implement IoIsWdmVersionAvailable .
usbd.sys : Add stub usbd.sys .
usbd.sys : Add USB descriptor parsing functions .
David Hedberg ( 3 ) : wine .inf :
Add key for approved shell extensions .
shell32 : SHCreatePropSheetExtArrayEx should check if the key itself contains the clsid of the shell extension .
shell32 : Initial support for the properties command in the IContextMenu for shellview .
Detlef Riekenberg ( 7 ) : msvcr70 : Add msvcr70.dll with forwards to msvcrt.dll .
msvcr80 : Add msvcr80.dll with forwards to msvcrt.dll .
msvcr90 : Add msvcr90.dll with forwards to msvcrt.dll .
msvcr90 : Implement _initterm_e .
msvcr80 : Forward _initterm_e to msvcr90.dll .
msvcr90 : Forward _malloc_crt to msvcrt.malloc .
msvcr80 : Forward _malloc_crt functions to msvcrt.malloc .
Dmitry Timoshkov ( 2 ) : gdi32 : Fix GDI locking in SetBitmapBits .
user32 : Restore special handling of monochrome bitmaps removed by c2202929ab4b6d1ce379865dfd8904186814f265 . Eric Pouech ( 14 ) : dbghelp : Added full support for DW_FORM_data8 attributes , as well as primary support for DW_FORM_block * attributes .
dbghelp : Added helper to free module 's specific data ( ELF , MSC ... ) upon removal .
dbghelp :
Store the file map in ELF 's module specific data .
dbghelp :
Make the ELF mapping code easier to use .
dbghelp : Extend the ELF image management to PE modules so we get a rather uniform interface to image manipulation .
dbghelp : Create the notion of image ( PE , ELF modules ) to uniformize some handlings .
dbghelp :
Keep the file map around for every PE module , so that we can access image whenever we like to .
dbghelp : Extend the image ( ELF / PE ) scheme to get the RVA out of a section .
dbghelp :
Let dwarf_parse decide on which sections it needs to map .
dbghelp :
Now that we can keep ELF sections around , do n't copy the loclist section , just do n't unmap it .
dbghelp : Create new infrastructure to hold specific information for multiple file / debug formats in a single module , and use it to store dwarf2 stuff .
dbghelp :
Move the PE debug info to the newly define scheme .
dbghelp : Moved the ELF 's module information into the new scheme .
dbghelp :
Move the mach -o information into the modfmt structure .
Francois Gouget ( 2 ) : include : Also define the WSAxxx error codes in winerror .h. server : Do n't include winsock.h to avoid creating a dependency on generated headers .
Gerald Pfeifer ( 4 ) : comdlg32 : Removed unused parameters from PRINTDLG_WMInitDialogW and PRINTDLG_WMInitDialogA .
comdlg32 : Removed unused parameters from FILEDLG95 _OnWMSize , FILEDLG95 _OnWMCommand , and FD32_WMMeasureItem .
comdlg32 : Remove unused parameters from CFn_WMMeasureItem and CFn_WMDrawItem .
ntdll : Avoid compiler warning in the default case in append_entry .
Henri Verbeet ( 43 ) : server : Debugging our own process is disallowed .
ddraw : Print unhandled vertex processing flags in IDirect3DExecuteBufferImpl_Execute ( ) .
d3dx9_36 : ID3DXBuffer is a base interface for ID3DXConstantTable .
d3dx9_36 : Not implementing an interface is not an internal error .
wined3d : Kill pbuffer offscreen rendering support .
wined3d : Do n't partially initialize contexts in AddContextToArray ( ) .
wined3d : Move device context array functions to device .c. ntdll : Fix the ProcessDebugPort information length in NtQueryInformationProcess ( ) .
ntdll : Improve support for the ProcessDebugPort info class in NtQueryInformationProcess ( ) .
kernel32 : Implement CheckRemoteDebuggerPresent ( ) .
wined3d : Use " gl_info " in some more places in context_create ( ) .
wined3d : Add a separate function to set the pixel format in context_create ( ) .
wined3d : Store the swapchain instead of the surface in the context .
wined3d : Use the context 's window handle in stretch_rect_fbo( ) .
wined3d : Use the context 's window handle in IWine D3DSurfaceImpl_BltOverride ( ) .
wined3d :
The swapchain should always have a window handle .
wined3d : Simplify a comparison in IWineD3DDeviceImpl_Reset ( ) .
wined3d : Store the device window in the swapchain .
wined3d : Implement SetDestWindowOverride ( ) by simply making the context current on a different window .
wined3d : Use " gl_filter " in the non-FBO path of swapchain_blit ( ) as well .
wined3d : Do n't use filtering on textures that need complex fixups in swapchain_blit ( ) .
wined3d : Do n't use framebuffer blit for backbuffer formats with fixups in swapchain_blit ( ) .
wined3d : Add missing checkGLcall's to buffer_Map ( ) .
wined3d : Simplify context_apply_attachment_filter_states ( ) flow a bit .
wined3d : Simplify the IWineD3DDeviceImpl_ClearSurface ( ) surface loading code .
wined3d : Do n't change the draw buffer in IWineD3DDeviceImpl_SetFrontBackBuffers ( ) .
wined3d : Cleanup IWineD3DDeviceImpl_SetFrontBackBuffers ( ) .
ddraw : Implement IDirectDrawImpl_GetSurfaceFromDC ( ) .
ddraw : Fix IDirectDraw4Impl_GetSurfaceFromDC ( ) .
user32/tests :
Add a test for foreground windows on a different thread .
d3d8/tests : Extend the window proc / focus window tests .
d3d9/tests : Extend the window proc / focus window tests .
wined3d : Make the focus window also the foreground window .
ddraw : Acquire / release the focus window from the correct location .
wined3d : Unify GLINFO_LOCATION in surface .c. wined3d : Add a quirk to rebind FBOs when one of their attached textures is updated .
wined3d : Replace some VTRACEs with proper TRACEs .
wined3d : Kill VTRACE .
wined3d : Avoid some common invalid context accesses .
wined3d : Simplify the generated GLSL for NRM .
wined3d : Rename GlPixelFormatDesc to wined3d_format_desc.
wined3d : Unify " gl_formats_template " naming with the other format info tables .
wined3d : Add COMPLEX_FIXUP_NONE
as value 0 to the complex_fixup enum .
Henry Kroll III ( 1 ) : notepad : Do n't prompt to save empty Untitled file .
Huw Davies ( 2 ) : wineps.drv :
Retrieve the full printer name to avoid truncation when the name is 32 characters or longer .
dispex : Implement proxy and stub for IDispatchEx_InvokeEx . Ilya Basin ( 1 ) : shell32/ tests :
Add tests for the parser of SHELLEXECUTEINFO.lp File .
Jacek Caban ( 21 ) : mshtml : Fixed ref count leak .
mshtml : Ignore EndLoad call if document is already detached .
shdocvw : Use heap_alloc_zero to allocate DocHost objects .
shdocvw : Store object passed in DOCHOST_DOCCANNAVIGATE
command .
shdocvw : Separate document state from control state .
shdocvw : Pass post data as SAFEARRAY to on_before_navigate2 .
shdocvw : Use IHTMLPrivateWindow for navigation in navigate_hlink if available .
shdocvw : Use IHTMLPrivateWindow for navigation in navigate_url if available .
shdocvw : Added more navigation tests .
mshtml : Ignore load event on detached documents .
mshtml : Return S_OK from IHTMLDocument2::get_referrer .
mshtml : Forward setting document.location to window object .
mshtml : Use user agent string in IOmNavigator :: get_appVersion .
shdocvw : Fixed tests on some Windows .
mshtml : Make sure that readState is READYSTATE_LOADING in read_stream_data .
mshtml : Fire readystatechange event on document nodes .
mshtml : Moved removing event target to separated function .
mshtml : Added support for load event on all nodes .
mshtml : Added IHTMLImgElement : : onload property implementation .
mshtml : Added IHTMLImgElement : : onload tests .
cmd : Added @or_broken@ handling to test templates and use it to fix tests on win2k .
Jeff Latimer ( 2 ) : usp10 : Change default glyph returned from 0 xffff to 0 .
comctl32 : cchTextMax needs to be set for LVS_OWNERDATA as it uses LVN_GETDISPINFO notifications .
Juan Lang ( 13 ) : iphlpapi : Check for ifr_hwaddr member of struct ifreq .
iphlpapi : Rename a function and variables to make it clearer they 're related to IP v4 addresses .
iphlpapi : Pass address family to adapterAddressesFromIndex .
iphlpapi : Implement GetAdaptersAddresses for IP v6 addresses .
rsaenh : Fix some test failures on Win9x / NT4 .
rsaenh :
Add simple tests for SHA - 256 , SHA - 384 , and SHA - 512 .
include : Add a few missing OIDs .
wininet : Handle proxy entries of the form < proto > =< proxy > , and allow multiple proxies .
rsaenh : Add support for SHA - 256 , SHA - 384 , and SHA - 512 .
rsaenh : Add signature support for SHA - 256 , SHA - 384 , and SHA - 512 hashes .
crypt32 : Add constants to support SHA - 256 , SHA - 384 , and SHA - 512 .
crypt32 : Switch to use the AES provider by default .
crypt32 : Add support for the anyPolicy certificate policy .
Julian Rüger ( 1 ) : windowscodecs : Small spelling fixes .
Justin Chevrier ( 2 ) : gdiplus/tests : Expand GdipImageGetFrameCount test coverage .
gdiplus : Basic implementation of GdipImageGetFrameCount with updated tests .
Jörg Höhle ( 6 ) : mciavi : Prevent deadlock when closing while playing or when paused .
mcicda : Prevent crash when closing while playing .
mciavi : Stubs should return a success code .
mciseq : MCI Set Port allows to select the MIDI device .
msvfw32 : MCI Step is like Seek. midimap : Allow GetVolume by device identifier .
Maarten Lankhorst ( 9 ) : dsound : Improve underrun behavior .
mmdevapi : Implement property store .
mmdevapi : Add IMMEndpoint to IMMDevice .
mmdevapi : Implement some methods in IMMDevice .
mmdevapi : Implement MMDeviceCollection methods .
mmdevapi : Implement IMMDeviceEnumerator:: GetDevice .
mmdevapi : Pass a property bag to IBaseFilter in IMMDevice : : Activate .
midimap : Defer initialisation .
winmm : Allow SND_ALIAS|SND_FILENAME in PlaySound . Maciej Borsz ( 1 ) : winhttp : Fix invalid behaviour of WinHttpCrackUrl. Michael Stefaniuc ( 4 ) : ddraw : Remove redundant memset .
iphlpapi : Do n't crash when enumerating PtP interfaces .
oleaut32 : Remove superfluous NULL check before HeapFree ( Smatch ) .
oleaut32 : Plug some memleaks on error paths ( Smatch ) .
Nicolas Le Cam ( 1 ) : wine .inf : Define the Win64 DefaultInstall .
Services section .
Nikolay Sivov ( 24 ) : shell32 / shellview : Improve error handling on some helpers , fix possible leak .
shell32 / shellview : Use W - calls for menu handling , same for SendMessage to ListView window .
shell32 : Initial test file for IShellView / IFolderView , implemented IFolderView : : GetSpacing .
shell32 / shellview : Remove unneeded memset , release browser reference on failure .
shell32/ shellview : Implemented IFolderView:: GetSelectionMarkedItem ( ) with basic test .
shell32 / shellview : Implemented IFolderView::GetFocusedItem .
shell32/ shellview : Implement IFolderView:: GetFolder ( ) for IID_IShellFolder .
shell32 / shellview : Implement IFolderView :: ItemCount for SVGIO_ALLVIEW flag .
shell32 / shellview : Do n't crash on :: DragLeave called without droptraget .
shell32 : Add SHCreateFileExtractIconW stub .
shlwapi : Partially implement SHGetObjectCompatFlags with tests .
avifil32 : Registry access calls do n't return HRESULT codes .
msi : Convert IWineMsiRemoteDatabase BSTR parameters to LPCWSTR to avoid typecast .
shlwapi : Do n't cast WCHAR string to BSTR .
quartz :
Do n't cast WSTR to BSTR , convert properly instead .
comctl32/ datetime : Use user locale for format .
msxml3 : Treat input BSTR as general WCHAR string for ::loadXML ( ) .
ole32 : Turn FIXME to TRACE for CoGetTreatAsClass .
ole32 : Remove useless parameter check .
urlmon : Add stub IUriBuilder interface .
urlmon : Add CoInternetIsFeatureEnabled stub .
shlwapi : Add a forward to DelayLoadFailureHook .
shlwapi : Fix StrCpyNW to deal with null inputs better , and do n't use lstrcpynW. shell32 : Add IPersist
File :: GetCurFile implementation for IShellLink .
Paul Chitescu ( 3 ) : qedit :
In SampleGrabber ReceiveConnection check early the format type , return VFW_E_INVALIDMEDIATYPE like native .
qedit : SampleGrabber pins should enumerate a preferred format only after the input pin is connected and a fully defined format is known .
qedit : Implement buffering in SampleGrabber .
Paul Vriens ( 13 ) : msi/tests : Remove a key after running tests .
advapi32/tests : Restore default cryptographic provider after the tests .
oleaut32/tests : Do n't add typelib information to the registry .
shlwapi/tests : Fix a test failure on NT4 .
mshtml/tests :
Fix some test failures on Win9x / WinMe by using a A - function .
kernel32/tests : Run tests again on Win95 .
gdiplus/tests :
Fix a test failure on Win98 / WinMe. rsaenh / tests :
Fix some test failures on XP ( pre SP3 ) .
shlwapi/tests :
Fix some test failures on XP / Vista .
shlwapi/tests :
Fix some test failures on Vista +.
d3d8/tests : Fix timeouts on Win9x / WinMe. d3d9/tests : Fix timeouts on Win9x / WinMe. user32/tests : Fix timeouts on Win9x / WinMe. Piotr Caban ( 16 ) : oleaut32 : Simplify ICreateTypeInfo2_SetTypeFlags implementation . oleaut32 : Improve TypeInfos with changed TypeKind handling .
oleaut32 : Improve dual interfaces creation in typelib .
oleaut32 : Added ICreateTypeInfo2_SetFuncHelpContext implementation .
oleaut32 : Fix some reference leaks .
oleaut32 : Fix importinfo flags .
oleaut32 : Remove incorrect memid validation .
oleaut32 : Use QueryPathOfRegTypeLib in ICreateTypeInfo2_AddRefTypeInfo. oleaut32 : Improved ICreateTypeInfo AddFuncDesc implementation .
oleaut32 : Improve ICreateTypeInfo_LayOut implementation .
oleaut32 : Set parameter to NULL in GetMops stub .
oleaut32 : Improve ITypeInfo2 GetTypeAttr implementation .
oleaut32/tests :
Make tests working on older systems , prevent crash on some wine boxes .
oleaut32 : Fix ITypeInfo GetImplTypeFlags for dispinterfaces .
oleaut32 : Improve ICreateTypeInfo2
AddImplType implementation .
oleaut32 : Improve ITypeInfo2 GetRefTypeOfImplType implementation .
Ričardas Barkauskas ( 2 ) : wined3d : Fix ATI2N pitch and offset calculations .
d3d9/tests : Test ATI2N pitch and locking offset behaviour .
Rob Shearman ( 16 ) : widl : Remove some unused functions , definitions and types .
widl : Make write_pointer_tfs more readable .
widl : Simplify write_typeformatstring_var .
widl : Write pointers in write_typeformatstring_var using write_pointer_tfs .
widl :
Do n't use the return value of write_embedded_types to determine whether a type contains pointers or not .
widl : Merge write_typeformatstring_var and write_embedded_types into one function , write_type_tfs .
widl :
Use typegen_detect_type to determine which types should be written for the pointer description in write_struct_tfs .
widl : Pass current_structure into write_conf_or_var_desc in write_ip_tfs .
widl : error_status_t is n't an allowed conformance type .
widl :
Fix the writing of expressions in un - typedef 'd structures by using write_type_left to write out the type , which adds the " struct ... " if necessary .
widl : Remove some FIXME comments and replace them with comments explaining why the current behaviour is correct .
widl : Clean up array case in write_remoting_arg .
widl : Simplify write_parameter_conf_or_var_exprs by making use of typegen_detect_type . widl : Remove a FIXME comment in write_function_stubs .
rpcrt4 : Add support for marshalling / unmarshalling complex arrays of pointers .
rpcrt4 : Add tests for a complex array of pointers .
Roderick Colenbrander ( 9 ) : wgl : Add more OpenGL diagnosing checks .
opengl32 : Add OpenGL 3.3/4.0 extensions .
wined3d : Extend surface_get_depth_blt_info with texture coordinate code from surface_blt_to_drawable .
wined3d : Use surface_get_blt_info to compute texture coordinates for surface_blt_to_drawable .
wined3d : Remove oversize texture support .
wined3d : Add a helper function for drawing a textured quad .
wined3d : Use draw_textured_quad in BltOverride .
wined3d : Start moving paletted texture support to the blit_shader .
wined3d : Get rid of d3dfmt_get_conv in RealizePalette .
Sandijs Ribaks ( 1 ) : wined3d : Add surface conversion function from WINED3DFMT_YUY2 to WINED3DFMT_B8G8R8X8_UNORM .
Stefan Dösinger ( 11 ) : d3d9 : Fix test failures on Windows 7 .
wined3d : Do n't DISCARD or NOOVERWRITE non-dynamic buffers .
wined3d : Use glMapBuffer for 1:1 uploads in PreLoad .
wined3d : Implement unfenced updates of double buffered buffers .
wined3d : Check the alignment of mapped buffer pointers .
wined3d : Merge two if conditions in buffer .c. wined3d : Make resources 16 byte aligned .
ddraw : Use a D24X8 depth buffer .
d3d9 : Remove the double unlock test .
d3d9 : Windows 7 rejects invalid rectangles .
d3d9 : Remove old debug messages from the tests .
Trey Hunner ( 1 ) : ping : Add skeleton ping command .
Vincent Povirk ( 19 ) : ole32 : Allow CopyTo to succeed in spite of already open source streams .
gdiplus :
Do n't crash when creating a texture with NULL imageattributes .
gdiplus : Add a test for GdipGetMetafileHeaderFromMetafile .
gdiplus : Zero the MetafileHeader structure in GetMetafileHeader .
include : Add definitions for IWICBitmap .
ole32 : Do n't treat the header as a big block in StorageImpl_LoadFileHeader .
ole32 : Do n't treat the header as a big block in StorageImpl_SaveFileHeader .
ole32 : Fix the big block offset calculation .
ole32 : Remove the unused BlockBits structures from BigBlock File objects .
ole32 : Remove the BIG_BLOCK_SIZE define .
ole32 : Remove the NUM_BLOCKS_PER_DEPOT_BLOCK
define .
ole32 : Remove knowledge of block sizes from the BigBlock File object .
ole32 : Allow storage files with a block size of 4096 to open .
oleaut32 : Return type mismatch errors in ITypeLibComp_fnBind .
oleaut32 : Always use DISPID_PROPERTYPUT to fill in the last argument .
winex11.drv : ReadSelectionData should fail if the import function fails .
winex11.drv : Use CurrentTime to focus windows if we have no timestamp .
include : Add definitions for IWICBitmapScaler .
windowscodecs :
Make component enumerators thread - safe .
Yann Droneaud ( 5 ) : cmd : Fixed uninitialised field in WCMD_addCommand ( ) ( Valgrind ) .
configure : Fixed < linux / ppdev.h > test .
cmd : Added some expansion tests .
cmd : Remove %CD % test .
cmd : Add another expansion test .
-- Alexandre Julliard julliard@winehq.org
Seemingly everyone has an opinion about taxes .
As one of the largest economic and political issues of any country , the subject of how high taxes are ( and upon which segment of society they predominantly fall ) can be counted on to engender heated debates among politicians , academics , and ordinary citizens .
However , beneath all the heated rhetoric and opinions are hard facts and numbers .
Certain tax rates in certain countries correlate with certain outcomes , regardless of whether these are acknowledged by various strains of financial opinion .
Today , Business Pundit takes an honest look at twelve countries – six with the highest tax rates , and six with the lowest – and examines other facets of those economies with an eye toward possible correlations .
Naturally , there are several different ways to assess the income tax burden a nation imposes – the lowest rate of income tax in a country , the highest rate , income tax on corporations , and the like .
Depending on who is being taxed ( say , someone making $ 10,000 per year vs. someone making $ 100,000 ) , a nation ’s income tax structure can look very different .
For the sake of using one uniform measure , our article uses marginal income taxes on average income workers in a given country .
ST . GEORGE–AP–August 10 , 2010 – Verna Watkins sits on her threadbare couch clutching a wrinkled tissue .
Between sobs , she says , “ I consider it the most sacred spiritual experience of my life . . . when the Three Nephites–divine beings –helped me change the tire on my Suburban .
I spent two hours writing the story up to post to my Church ’s website , and later I found out that they would n’t approve it .
My own Church rejected the event most important to my faith . ”
Ms. Watkins is one of many members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints–commonly known as Mormons–who feels betrayed by their church after it launched a website earlier this summer , but then took it down after only two months .
While LDS Church Public Relations officials claimed that the site was removed in anticipation of a redesign , many Church members felt that the real problem was that the website solicited personal religious feelings –what Mormons call a “ testimony ” –as well as statements on doctrinal matters .
When these poured in , Church leaders were overwhelmed by unorthodox material and left with a dilemma : either permit the unapproved material , which violates what they consider their obligation to “ keep the doctrine pure , ” or disallow their own members ’ beliefs .
Many Mormons felt betrayed when told by their Church that their beliefs were not approved .
As one BYU sociology professor explained , “ Mormons are allowed a lot of leeway in their personal beliefs , as long as they do not teach or publish unorthodox material .
But what this unfortunate web experiment did was allow members to say anything and then require the Church to give their statement a ‘ thumbs up ’ or ‘ thumbs down . ’
Sweet little old grandmothers were shocked to find out that their beliefs were not acceptable to the Church .
I do n’t think the Church anticipated the kinds of problems that we ended up having . ”
One of those “ problems ” was Jared Warner , a young Mormon living in Chicago .
One of the questions that the Mormon website asked its members to answer was , “ What is the Church ’s attitude on homosexuality ? ” Mr. Warner wrote movingly and at length about his own struggles with homosexuality in a Church that does not permit it .
He says , “ The Church would n’t approve my statement .
And all I said was that I one - hundred - percent follow Church doctrine –I ’m completely celibate despite these desires .
And I believe in the Church .
But they would n’t allow it .
I feel , well , rejected . ”
One Mormon teen made a comment about her mother drinking a Pepsi .
That mother was a local Relief Society President –the Mormon womens ’ organization head .
The next week , several members of her congregation went to the bishop and told him that they could no longer support a leader who did not follow the Church ’s dietary code , the Word of Wisdom , which many–but not all–members believe prohibits caffeinated beverages .
Several other LDS have reported on their blogs that the Church refused to approve their profiles due to references to caffeinated beverages , suggesting that the vetting process is inconsistent .
The website has also become a veritable playground for anti-Mormons .
A frequent tactic is to create an account using the information of a disaffected member and then use that account to submit a statement , without attribution , from a prominent Church leader .
A common one is to answer the question on the website , “ Why did your Church practice polygamy ? ” with the statement from Mormon Prophet Brigham Young : “ The only men who become Gods , even the sons of God , are those who enter into polygamy ” without citing the source .
The statement is never approved , and the poster puts a screen shot on his or her own blog and claims that the modern LDS Church is so embarrassed by its roots that it will not permit the words of a prophet on its own website .
Some Mormons have been upset that what they consider “ folk doctrine ” about such topics as blacks and women and the priesthood ( blacks were not ordained Mormon priests until 1978 ; women still are not ) is perpetuated by members who answer these questions in their profiles with speculative statements .
Melissa Dougs , a “ Mormon Mommy blogger , ” reports that “ rebuttal testimonies have become a Fast Sunday staple as members of my ward respond to statements in each others ’ profiles about womens ’ roles .
I ’ve never seen anything like it .
Someone always leaves in tears .
Some do n’t come back . ”
Another problem is that of prominent members .
One Church employee who did not wish to be named stated that one full - time employee did nothing but answer phone calls and email complaints related solely to the mormon.org profile of Glenn Beck , particularly his answer to the question “ Does the Mormon Church endorse political parties ? ”
In several elections in areas with high LDS populations , candidates ’ profile page–or lack thereof –has become an hot political issue .
There are several pending court cases using the profiles as evidence for revoking the Church ’s tax - exempt status as a nonpartisan religious organization .
There has also been criticism of Mormons who have used their profile as a means to promote their business enterprise , usually by telling “ faith - promoting stories ” that involve their product or service , especially such LDS - specific items such as food storage or Bible study aids .
Julie M. Smith , a blogger with the Mormon website Times & Seasons , said , “ I think there has been an assumption of a high degree of unity among the Saints , who have usually been hesitant to discuss their unorthodox beliefs in public .
Blogs changed that , and members were emboldened when they found out that they were n’t the only one who thought , for example , that the Scouting program was too resource - intensive .
As more members were invited to share divergent beliefs on the new mormon.org site , dissension came out in the open and grew exponentially .
It got really nasty in some areas , with a lot of anger directed toward the Church .
I ’m not sure why the Church ever thought it was a workable idea to offer a nihil obstat to member statements on the most sensitive , speculative issues that Mormons face .
If the Church does n’t allow them , people are hurt .
If they do allow them , they get slammed for permitting false doctrine .
It is really a no - win situation . ”
She pointed to lengthy blog discussions parsing what exactly was and was not allowed in a profile : apparently , vague references to rejection of fundamental Mormon tenets are often approved , but specific references are not .
General references to angels were permitted , but the angel could not be referred to by a name .
No visions could be shared , and only miracles that did not involve raising the dead could be included .
Vetters were inconsistent as to whether references to what Mormons call the Mother in Heaven were allowable , which led to anger among Mormon feminists .
Traditionally - minded Saints were horrified to see references to people having dinner parties on the Sabbath and to working women .
“ I think we became Pharisees over these vetting policies , very angry Pharisees . ”
The Church had initially claimed in its roll - out that the website would “ revolutionize ” missionary work .
Instead , the brief Mormon experiment with approving–and disapproving –the thoughts and doctrinal interpretations of hundreds of thousands of its members appears to have ended .
The Mormon Church pulled the site last Wednesday .
Editor 's note : Erica Williams is deputy director of Progress 2050 and a senior adviser to Campus Progress , both projects of the Center for American Progress , a Washington - based organization that describes itself as dedicated to progressive causes .
She can be found at on Twitter at @ericawilliamsdc .
( CNN ) --
As President Obama signed the historic health reform bill into law Tuesday , little was said in the media about the people who stand to gain the most from the package : young Americans .
The passage of health care reform -- and the under - publicized but far - reaching student aid reform that passed along with it in reconciliation -- arguably constitutes the broadest , most meaningful and beneficial legislative victories for young people in recent history .
For the past year , youth activists , organizations and a handful of faithful congressional leaders have been talking about the health care needs of young people .
Adults from 19 to 29 -- although they tend to be healthier than older adults -- represent nearly a third of the uninsured population .
Two - thirds of those uninsured young people reported going without necessary medical care in 2007 because of costs , according to research for the Commonwealth Fund .
More than half of all young adults have low incomes , below 200 percent of the federal poverty level , which was $ 21,660 a year in 2009 .
Low - income young adults are more than 2.5 times as likely to be uninsured as higher - income young adults , according to the Urban Institute .
Also , 56 percent of uninsured people from 19 to 29 are full - time workers who are half as likely to be covered by their employer as older workers .
The need for reform was dire for young Americans .
Because of the bill , according to the Young Invincibles campaign , the expansion of Medicaid means 9 million young adults will have access to care and more than 2 million more will be able to get health insurance through their parents ' plans because the cut - off age was extended to 26 .
Millions more will benefit from tax credits that help them afford insurance .
They will no longer be denied because of a pre-existing condition .
This is a big deal .
When all is said and done , this legislation will provide an as - yet untold number of young Americans access to affordable health care and the security and peace of mind that comes along with it .
That alone would be cause for celebration for this generation .
But quietly and without much fanfare , an education package -- previously passed in the House as a standalone Student Aid and Fiscal Responsibility Act -- also passed in reconciliation .
This student aid reform victory was no less monumental in its direct impact on young people 's economic well - being .
It is the largest investment in aid to help students and families pay for college in history -- and at no cost to the taxpayer .
The move ends a wasteful subsidy program that for decades has put money in the pockets of banks and institutions for servicing government student loans .
It moves the college financial aid offices from the federal Family Education Loan program , where private banks serviced the loan at a cost , to a program where the government lends its money directly to students .
From the money saved , $ 36 billion will be invested over 10 years in the Pell Grant program , which provides money for low - income students to attend college .
Without it , existing shortfalls in Pell funding would mean 500,000 students losing their Pell grants .
Everyone else , roughly 7.5 million students , would see their grants cut by 60 percent .
In addition , the program also invests billions of dollars in community colleges , minority - serving institutions and college completion programs .
Just as important as the immediate impacts of the bill itself are the long - term impacts of the momentous grassroots efforts to pass it .
After Sunday 's vote , young people around the country tweeted " Yes we did ! "
That 's an updated version of Obama 's campaign slogan " Yes we can ! "
They understood the connection between their vote in November 2008 , their continued activism and legislative change .
The more than 1.1 million young people around the nation signed petitions , called their representatives , uploaded videos on YouTube , blogged , rallied , organized neighbors and friends around health care and student aid reform .
They were reaffirmed at Tuesday 's bill signing by an administration that in the broadest possible sense , kept its promise .
The law certainly has its flaws .
Both pieces were watered down from their earlier , bolder versions that had wide - ranging support among youth advocates .
The health insurance reform is a mere step on the path to full universal health care that fully respects women 's rights to reproductive freedom , and the student aid package dramatically decreased the amount of savings directed toward the Pell program .
The work is n't over .
On Tuesday , 500 young people from the United States Student Association are hitting Capitol Hill and lobbying their senators to follow suit and pass the student aid amendments .
Nevertheless , Sunday night 's vote sent an important signal to the voting bloc that many worry wo n't show up at the polls in November :
Your concerns and your future matter .
By addressing these two issues in the face of epic political opposition , Congress and the Obama administration did a great deal to restore young Americans ' faith in a system that many considered irreversibly broken .
The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Erica Williams .
Epic Astromech droid “ Artoo ” is one of the most famous characters from the world - famous saga “ Star Wars ” .
This robot has become a great source of inspiration for many talented designers and craftsmen .
There ’s no need to search for the reasons of such popularity because there is only one logic explanation for all this madness – R2D2 is a one god damn charismatic machine and people just ca n’t resist the temptation to become a part of it .
We ’ve gathered a small collection of the most original designs and mods based on the original R2D2 .
And it looks like this little guy ’s appearance can be applied to any sphere of our life and here are the proofs .
Steampunk R2D2
* * *
Retro R2D2
* * *
Crochet R2D2
* * *
Lego R2D2
* * *
Mailbox R2D2
* * *
Aquarium R2D2
* * *
Beer R2D2
* * *
Muscle Car R2D2
* * *
Telephone R2D2
* * *
PC Case R2D2
* * *
Flash Drive R2D2
* * *
Coffee Mug R2D2
* * *
Projector R2D2
* * *
Table R2D2
* * *
Trash Can R2D2
* * *
Google has collected personal wireless internet data from New Zealand homes through cars sent around the country for its Street View project .
The internet giant confirmed the fact last night , after privacy watchdogs in Germany , Britain and Australia raised concerns about the practice .
Fears include the possibility that Google could match people 's mobile devices and internet behaviour to home addresses .
An internet safety expert says most people would be surprised how much data Google now holds about them – and the company 's word is the only guarantee that it is not misusing the data .
The revelation comes after Privacy Commissioner Marie Shroff joined international counterparts to express concerns to Google about its data and privacy protection .
Australian - based spokeswoman Annie Baxter confirmed Google had collected WiFi information in New Zealand , but refused to answer any other questions .
After concerns were raised in Germany , Google global privacy counsel Peter Fleischer said it was " clear with hindsight that greater transparency would have been better " .
Information collected included the names and unique numbers associated with residents ' wireless networks .
The data , which is publicly available , was used to give precise readings of people 's locations if they were using Google 's mobile map services .
Google " did not collect any information about householders " and could not identify individuals from information collected by its Street View cars , he said .
The Street View project involved cars travelling the streets with 3D cameras to capture panoramic views to go with Google 's map service .
Martin Cocker , executive director of internet safety organisation NetSafe , said he was ambivalent about the idea .
On one hand , the data was publicly available .
" On the other hand , these wireless points – they 're ours .
We did n't expect they 'd be used in this way . "
Google 's methods were also problematic .
" The thing that bugs people is the way Google does these things and tells people about them later . "
He believed Google was usually responsible with personal data , but most people would be surprised to learn just how much of it the company held .
" We 're using Google services so much and , if Google bothered to cross-reference the different things I do , they would know a lot about me . "
A spokeswoman for Ms Shroff said she was not aware of Google monitoring WiFi data .
Her office would be interested to hear what Google had to say about the practice .
GOOGLE KNOWS
Google is the world 's most popular search engine .
It retains users ' search histories , along with their internet protocol ( IP ) address .
Its email service , Gmail , is used by millions of people to store their online correspondence .
Google has trialled targeting advertisements at internet users based on their search history .
Its Street View project built a comprehensive digital database of New Zealand houses and streets .
The company retains personal information that people submit to its iGoogle service .
The acid - blood sleek - skinned aliens dreamed up by H.R. Giger and Ridley Scott are among the most memorable creature designs in movie history .
But Scott says they 're " worn out " thanks to endless sequels , and they wo n't be in his new prequels .
Advertisement
In an interview with Screen Daily , the director revealed that he has plans to redesign the aliens , and show how they became the majestic killing machines we know and love .
He also explains a bit more about the storyline of his two prequels :
The film will be really tough , really nasty .
It 's the dark side of the moon .
We are talking about gods and engineers .
Engineers of space .
And were the aliens designed as a form of biological warfare ?
Or biology that would actually go in and clean up a planet ?
It will take place in the years before that , when they first come across this thing on a planet called Zeta Reticuli .
...
Yeah , the thing about Alien vs Predator is , I know it 's commerce , but what a pity ...
I think , therefore , I have to design - or redesign - earlier versions of what these elements are that led to the thing you finally see in Alien , which is the thing that catapults out of the egg , the face - hugger .
I do n't want to repeat it .
The alien in a sense , as a shape , is worn out . "
Advertisement
So what do you think these new aliens will look like ?
And what could these " gods and engineers " who designed the ultimate biological weapon have been like ?
[ via NME ]
President Bill Clinton spoke at the Peterson Foundation Fiscal Summit in Washington , D.C. , about how he would advocate for fiscal responsibility were he running for office in 2010 .
His big pitch boils down to two ideas : ( 1 ) the future and ( 2 ) immigrants .
Here were his self - transcribed ( read : rough , but directionally accurate ) statements .
On reducing the deficit
" The end result works .
Look what happened to Bill Clinton .
America has got to get back into the future business .
We can't do it if we keep mortgaging our future to other countries ... to our children and grandchildren .
Then I 'll tell them I 'll be careful .
I 'll do everything I can to help the old and the poor and we have to change the way we do health care .
" We need more immigrants .
We need to reverse the age ratio .
I see that as part of fiscal responsibility .
[ Congress ] need to pass something .
I do n't like that Arizona bill , but I get why it happened .
It 's horrible what happening along the border . "
" The great virtue of this country , the thing we have over China and India is that we have somebody from everywhere here , and they do well .
This country still works for immigrants .
The reason there is anti-immigrant sentiment is white - collar factory workers got killed in the last decade .
The burdens of the last decade 's economic downturn was basically on white male high school grads , or who did n't graduate from high school or a couple years of college , who got shivered in this economy .
Their taxes can be lower if we get more taxpayers .
The changes we make will be less draconian if we get more people into the system .
I do n't think there 's any alternative than to increase immigration .
I do n't see any kinda way out of this unless that 's part of the strategy . "
On Goldman Sachs ' mortgage trades and the SEC suit :
" I think the timing [ of the suit ] was suspect .
I 'm not sure they violated the law .
But I think there was no underlying merit [ to those trades ] . "
On a value - added tax :
" You 'd have to reduce other taxes to keep it progressive .
It 's good for exports .
It does n't allow quite so much subsidies for imports .
If we had the right sort of value - added tax and had the right adjustments to keep the progressivity , it'd be really good .
I 'm not sure the commission will wind up recommending it .
People in Europe use it its like any sales tax .
People get used to pay for it .
It 's good for exports . "
Richard Dawkins is speaking in Australia at the annual Adelaide Writer ’s Week festivities .
Faith heads simply need to look at other religions .. and realize they are the same :
The witchdoctor dancing around a dead rat ; Christians kneeling in front of a graven image , the muslims going insane over some cartoon ….
the man in the mental hospital talking to his teeth …
It ’s all the same stuff …﻿ only the dude in the mental hospital is n’t a member of accepted and organized mental illness pandemic
Send to
Delicious – Twitter – Digg – reddit – StumbleUpon – buzz – Facebook – More
At Sony ’s 2009 ShoWest presentation , Rory Bruer ( the President of Sony Worldwide Distribution ) announced they were developing another Men in Black movie and he mentioned the year 2011 .
It looks like the plan is coming together , as Showbiz411 is reporting Will Smith has officially signed on to director Barry Sonnenfeld ’s Men in Black 3D and Tommy Lee Jones will be back as Agent K .
With Sony not having any big tentpole releases in either May or June 2011 as Sam Raimi ’s Spider - Man 4 got shelved , it would make sense to get an already established franchise into next summer ’s schedule .
And even though May 2011 is busy with Marvel ’s Thor , Pirates of the Caribbean : On Stranger Tides , The Hangover 2 and Mission Impossible IV , having Will Smith in your movie is as close to a sure bet as any actor in Hollywood .
More after the jump :
The big news about Will Smith signing on means this might actually be his next project .
Since Seven Pounds got released , Smith has n’t gotten in front of the cameras even though he ’s been rumored / attached to Francis Lawrence ’s The City That Sailed , Independence Day 2 , a remake of Alfred Hitchock ’s Suspicion , he might team up with Denzel Washington for a remake of Uptown Saturday Night , and we reported that he might team up with Steven Spielberg for a new adaptation of Flowers for Algernon .
Perhaps signing on for MIB 3D will kick start Smith acting in a few movies and this is just the beginning of him getting back in front of the camera .
And about the 3D , my fingers are crossed that director Barry Sonnenfeld is going to shoot Men in Black 3 with 3D cameras and not try and do it in post .
As everyone has started to figure out , shooting in 3D makes all the difference in the world .
Also , if Sony want to release MIB next year , they probably wo n’t have the time to do a great conversion in post and shooting in 3D would solve that issue .
More as we hear it .
For a band that has n’t put out a record in three years , Radiohead has been in the news a lot lately :
Thom Yorke has kept busy , rehearsing for shows planned later this month , collaborating with Flying Lotus , and remixing Liars and MF Doom ; Jonny Greenwood is the BBC Composer - in Association , set to score the film adaptation of Norwegian Wood .
And for the past week , Radiohead ’s drummer Phil Selway has been quietly touring along the Mediterranean coast .
Thanks to a few intrepid Italian fans , we now have some live recordings of Selway ’s solo effort .
Songs like “ Running Blind , ” “ By Some Miracle , ” “ Broken Promises , ” and “ Patron Saint ” ( featured above ) will likely appear on Selway ’s solo record due out later this year .
With only some spare accompaniment provided by Lisa Germano and Sebastian Steinberg ( both of whom worked with Selway on last year ’s Neil Finn - led supergroup 7 World Collide ) , the songs are stripped down , acoustic numbers that sound somewhere between John Martyn , Tim Buckley , and Neil Halstead .
Selway explains in the clip above that Wilco multi-instrumentalist Pat Sansone and drummer Glenn Kotche will also appear on the album .
All this makes you wonder how much say Selway has had in songwriting for Radiohead , so far , or if he ’ll come out from behind the drumkit for Radiohead ’s eighth LP .
Watch the other videos below :
“ By Some Miracle ”
“ Running Blind ”
“ Broken Promises ”
( Reposted from Prefix Magazine .
Thanks to Manan Desai )
( CNN ) -- A 120 - mile oil slick advanced to within a few miles of the mouth of the Mississippi River on Thursday as authorities scrambled to keep the spill from damaging wetlands along the Gulf of Mexico .
The slick was about three miles off the Louisiana coast on Thursday night , according to Coast Guard spokesman Shawn Eggert .
Oil company BP 's ruptured well is at the heart of the spill .
State and federal agencies have strung miles of floating booms -- inflatable or foam barriers -- around the leading edge of the shoreline in an effort to contain the spill .
Authorities said the spill could begin affecting some areas of the coast overnight .
Efforts to shut down the well have failed so far , and more complicated plans may take weeks .
Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal on Thursday declared a state of emergency ahead of the oil slick 's arrival , warning that it covered as much as 600 square miles of water .
President Obama is sending Department of Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano , Department of the Interior Secretary Ken Salazar and Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Lisa Jackson to Louisiana on Friday to inspect the effort to contain the oil slick , his administration announced Thursday .
Ten wildlife refuges in Mississippi and Louisiana are in the oil 's likely path , with the Pass - a - Loutre Wildlife Management Area at the tip of the Mississippi River likely to be the first affected , Jindal announced .
CNN affiliate WWL : Fishermen offer boats to help
Wildlife conservation groups said Thursday the oil could be a disaster for coastal areas of Louisiana , Mississippi , Alabama and Florida .
Nearly 175,000 feet ( about 33 miles ) of floating booms have been deployed , with about a half - million more feet being readied , federal officials said .
CNN affiliate WALA : Oil booms in Biloxi
Officials from a handful of federal agencies have recovered more than 18,000 barrels of an oil - water mix .
They have deployed nearly 100,000 gallons of dispersant , which breaks up oil , as of Thursday evening , according to the Department of Homeland Security .
Roughly 1,200 personnel are responding to the oil spill , DHS said .
The latest forecast from NOAA showed the leading edges of the slick reaching the Mississippi and Alabama coasts over the weekend and stretching as far east as Pensacola , Florida , by Monday .
The Louisiana coastline is mostly marsh , and the Louisiana Department of Wildlife & Fisheries is worried that the lowlands will catch and hold oil when the water washes into them , spokesman Bo Boehringer said .
The department is advising response teams on where to place the booms to protect wildlife .
That includes brown pelicans , Louisiana 's state bird , and migratory birds .
Oil spill could be disaster for wildlife
" For birds , the timing could not be worse ; they are breeding , nesting and especially vulnerable in many of the places where the oil could come ashore , " said Melanie Driscoll , director of bird conservation for the Louisiana Coastal Initiative .
" The efforts to stop the oil before it reaches shore are heroic , but may not be enough .
We have to hope for the best but prepare for the worst , including a true catastrophe for birds , " Driscoll said .
The oil well was ripped open by an April 20 explosion that sunk the drill rig Deepwater Horizon , leading to the presumed deaths of 11 missing men .
CNN affiliate KHOU : Survivor 's wife shares chilling details
Wednesday night , the Coast Guard and NOAA raised their estimate of the amount of oil the damaged well was pouring into the Gulf to 210,000 gallons a day , or about 5,000 barrels .
An effort to burn off part of the oil slick on Wednesday destroyed about 100 barrels , said Doug Suttles , chief operating officer of BP .
But the technique " clearly worked , " and larger burns are planned when weather conditions make them possible .
Gulf Coast braces for an oily mess
" We believe we can now scale that up and burn between 500 and 1,000 barrels at a time , " Suttles said .
The well is now leaking from three points , BP said .
Under the 1990 oil pollution act , passed in the wake of the Exxon Valdez oil spill in Alaska , the company is required to foot the bill for the cleanup .
In Washington , Obama pledged a robust response and said the military may be called on to assist .
Obama told reporters he has been getting regular briefings from top officials in his administration .
He said a thorough investigation of the spill is planned .
Florida senator calls for temporary drilling halt
" While BP is ultimately responsible for funding the cost of response and cleanup operations , my administration will continue to use every single available resource at our disposal -- including , potentially , the Department of Defense -- to address the incident , " Obama said .
Interior Secretary Salazar , who met Thursday with BP officials , said a federal investigation into the rig explosion is under way .
" Our Joint Investigation with the Department of Homeland Security will have every tool it needs -- including subpoena power -- to get to the bottom of what went wrong , " he said in a statement Thursday .
Napolitano declared the spill a crisis of " national significance " on Thursday .
That 's a move that Coast Guard Rear Adm .
Mary Landry said allows the government to pour resources from across the country into the effort .
" If BP does not request these resources , I can and I will , " Landry told reporters in New Orleans .
i Report : How is the oil spill affecting you ?
Drilling a relief well -- a second well drilled up to a mile or two away that would enter the leaking well at an angle to help plug it -- will take months , NOAA said .
BP is attempting to deploy collection domes over the leak points to collect oil as it escapes , but getting that system in place could take weeks as well , Suttles said .
BP Group 's CEO , Tony Hayward , has cast blame on rig operator Transocean Ltd. for the disaster .
i Report : BP tries to protect Alabama coast
BP Group 's CEO , Tony Hayward , has cast blame on rig operator Transocean Ltd. for the disaster .
Hayward told CNN that the well 's blowout preventer , which he called the " ultimate fail - safe mechanism , " has failed to shut down the well as designed .
Salazar 's office said Thursday that BP is still trying to activate the well 's blowout preventer .
Salazar has ordered immediate inspections of all deepwater drilling rigs and platforms in the Gulf of Mexico , including inspections of blowout preventers , he said in Thursday 's statement .
The inspections , which began Monday , should be complete within seven days , the statement said .
There has been no response from Transocean to BP 's comments .
The cause of the explosion remains under investigation , and at least one of the victims ' families has filed a lawsuit against BP and Transocean , accusing BP specifically of negligence .
CNN 's Barbara Starr contributed to this report .
If you 've managed to pull your eyes away from our no-holds - barred liveblog of Microsoft 's Kin announcement , you might 've noticed that there are videos up on the official Kin site depicting the UI in all its hipster - lite , storytelling glory .
Still , in case you 're not a 20 something living in Brooklyn on your parents ' money while pursuing a career in the arts , we 've turned those motion video picture things into regular stills for your staid perusal .
We even added little descriptors below the galleries , which due to your acute lack of ADD you might even find time to read .
We upped the videos after the break as well , just in case you wanted to try your hand at the young - and - hip life .
Seoul , South Korea ( CNN ) -- North Korea reacted to a South Korean anti-submarine exercise early Thursday by saying it would meet " confrontation with confrontation " and war with " all - out war , " according to North Korean state - run media .
" Now that the puppet group challenged the DPRK [ North Korea ] formally and blatantly , the DPRK will react to confrontation with confrontation , and to a war with an all - out war , " according the KCNA news agency .
The news agency referred to South Korean leaders as a " group of traitors " and said they would experience " unheard of disastrous consequences " if they misunderstand North Korea 's will .
The response comes amid high tensions on the Korean peninsula , after Seoul blamed Pyongyang for the sinking in March of a South Korean warship .
An official South Korean report has accused the communist North of firing a torpedo at the ship , killing 46 sailors .
Explainer : Why are the two Koreas so hostile ?
U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , visiting Seoul on Wednesday , called the sinking " an unacceptable provocation by North Korea " and said the international community should respond .
Also Thursday , the general staff of North Korea 's military -- the Korean People 's Army , or KPA -- said it was enacting new measures to deal with any " all - out confrontation . "
The steps would " retract all measures for providing military guarantees for the North - South cooperation and exchange , and the promise of a physical strike .
" The KPA will make a prompt physical strike at the intrusion into the extension of the Military Demarcation Line under our side 's control in the West Sea of Korea , " the army said , according to the KCNA news agency .
The CEO of the coal company that ran the mine where 25 miners died and four are missing thinks the mine was “ safe to operate . ”
The explosion on Monday and the mine ’s safety record indicate otherwise :
The mine was written up more than 50 times last month for safety violations .
Twelve of the citations involved problems with ventilating the mine and preventing a buildup of deadly methane .
Interviewed on CNN Wednesday morning , Massey ’s president and chief executive , Don L. Blankenship , asserted that the hundreds of citations the mine has received for safety violations were neither excessive nor significant .
He said that officials “ knowledgeable ” about the mining industry “ had concluded that the mine was safe to operate . ”
Federal regulators and members of Congress said they would examine the safety history of the coal mine south of Charleston , the site of the worst U.S. mining accident in at least a quarter - century .
Massey Energy says on its
Web site that the company ’s safety record has been better than the industry average for six consecutive years , with its workers losing less time on the job through work - site accidents than its competitors .
But in seven of the past eight years , Upper Big Branch miners lost more time on the job through work - site accidents than did other miners nationally , federal records show .
Three miners have died there since 1998 , and the federal Mine Safety and Health Administration cited Upper Big Branch for 1,342 safety violations from 2005 through Monday , proposing $ 1.89 million in fines , according to federal records .
That record “ is a sign that they are not fixing their safety problems , ” said Celeste Monforton , a former senior official at the Mine Safety and Health Administration .
It is not unusual for a mine to receive a substantial number of citations , she said , but the recent violations involving the mine ’s ventilation system “ are a red flag .
It ’s a signal that something is not right there , something is going wrong at that mine . ”
For fifteen years , Charles Bowden has been writing about Juárez , the Mexican border city of 1.5 million whose name is synonymous with faceless , all - consuming violence .
It ’s a place where death has a gravitational pull , where people disappear and bodies appear with mundane frequency .
Most recently , the violence — a grim fact of life for Mexicans , and a sensationalist distraction for most Americans — garnered headlines here when three people tied to the U.S. consulate were brutally gunned down .
Bowden writes about the incomprehensible levels of killing in Juárez with an austere lyricism , and has been called “ a blood and guts journalist with a poet ’s sensibility . ”
In his latest book , “ Murder City : Ciudad Juárez and the Global Economy ’s New Killing Fields , ” Bowden follows three of the city ’s inhabitants — a “ sicario ” contract killer , a beauty queen driven to insanity after a brutal gang rape , and a Mexican journalist fleeing for his life — over the course of one violent year .
An edited version of our conversation appears below .
You can listen to Bowden read an excerpt from “ Murder City ” in his wonderfully craggy , Sam Elliott - esque voice here .
Your writing style is spare and matter - of - fact , almost impressionistic .
Can you explain the choice to write this way , rather than in a more “ straightforward , ” or descriptive journalistic manner ?
Was the style driven by a need for anonymity , or did you have other motivations ?
If you read the newspaper accounts of violence in Juárez , they fail to convey the pain , the fear , and the ruin of the city .
I wrote of murders , tortures , and rapes in a spare manner because a flat tone conveys agony better than a herd of adjectives .
Many people in the book are unnamed lest they be killed .
For example , one person in the book was filmed later by a documentary maker .
When I mentioned this to a friend of mine , a lifelong resident of Juárez , he was very upset .
He said , “ That footage could get the man killed . ”
Juárez has been a rough place for sometime now , but you pinpoint January 2008 — when Felipe Calderon became president and began to engage the Mexican army in the so - called war on drugs — as the city ’s definitive tipping point .
Do you think the violence would decrease if Calderon disengaged the military ?
Are there other changes that could positively affect the situation , or is the culture of killing simply too pervasive at this point ?
The year 2007 , with three hundred and seven murders , was the bloodiest in the history of the city — about twenty - six killings a month .
January 2008 had over forty — the total for the year ran one thousand six hundred and sixty .
In 2009 , two thousand seven hundred and fifty - three were killed .
This year , as of the morning of May 18th , nine hundred and seventy - three had been slaughtered — a sixty - per-cent increase over the same period in 2008 .
Federal agents and the army have poured in during the same twenty - seven - month period , and as they arrive the killings rise .
There are five hundred to nine hundred street gangs now of armed , murderous , unschooled and unemployed young people .
The drug industry is thriving — even the D.E.A. admits drugs have never been cheaper , of higher quality , or more widespread in the U.S.
Nothing can immediately roll back the violence , because it is now part of the fabric of the city , a place where in two years twenty - five per cent of the houses have been abandoned , forty per cent of the business shuttered , at least a hundred thousand jobs lost , and where a hundred and four thousand people have fled .
Three things would over time lower the slaughter of people in Juárez and all over Mexico : legalize drugs , rework NAFTA so it provides a living wage , protect workers from toxic materials , protect unions , and cease giving the Mexican army half a billion dollars a year : it is the largest criminal group in Mexico and a growing player in the drug industry .
You have said that the killings in Juárez do n’t have a “ center , ” that contrary to conventional wisdom they are not all tied to the drug trade or human trafficking .
Instead , you argue that the abuses of free trade have spawned an unstoppable culture of violence .
For those who have n’t read your work , can you explain this idea ?
In your opinion , is it simply the lack of economic opportunity that has led to violence , or is it something more insidious and pervasive — a state of mind ?
I ’ll make this simple : there are four hundred foreign , mainly American , factories in Juárez , they pay at best seventy - five dollars a week , the cost of living in Juárez is about ninety per cent of what it would be on the U.S. side of the border .
In addition to this obvious point — that the factories play slave wages and have a turnover on average of one hundred to two hundred per cent a year — the city has now had at least two generations of kids raised pretty much on their own as their parents work five and a half days a week in the factories .
It was primed to explode .
Calderón ’s initiative using the army to prove his power became the match in the powder keg , and now no single capo or general of politicians can put out the fire .
The president of Mexico says ninety per cent of the dead — over twenty - four thousand in Mexico since he launched his program — are dirty , meaning somehow connected to drugs .
This statement is false .
Most of the dead are poor people , not capos .
And besides , what does it mean to be “ dirty ” in a city of a million that harbors one hundred and fifty to two hundred thousand addicts ?
In “ Murder City , ” you express frustration at the focus on violence against women in Juárez , rather than the disintegration of the city as a whole .
Why do you think the news media and Hollywood are so interested in these types of crimes ?
As reprehensible as it is , is the story of violence against women easier to accept — and to take a stand against — than the sort of systemic rot you you write about ?
I ’m told that seventeen films — commercial and documentaries — have been made about the murder of woman in Juárez .
They are a way to avoid both facts and the city .
The murder rate of women in Juárez over the past fifteen years is about the same as Mexico in general — about ten per cent of all homicides .
The cases are never solved ; neither are the cases of the men who comprise ninety per cent of the murders — see the documentary “ Presumed Guilty ” which came out in late 2008 .
Juárez kills everyone — in fact during this recent explosion which has made the city the most violent on earth , the percentage of women murdered has declined to about six per cent of the slaughtered .
The U.S. average is twenty - one per cent .
Juárez is a product of many things : Mexican corruption , a key crossing point for the drug industry , a failing economy .
But at the bottom is poverty in a city that was and to some still is the poster child for NAFTA .
Though Arizona does not border Juárez , do you expect their new immigration laws will have any impact on the city ?
What if more states — particularly Texas — follow suit ?
I ca n’t imagine that the laws would help .
oh my word !
just beautiful !
I have one of these bubble eyed goldfish on my back !
I did n't think Id ever find another tattoo similar !
Despite the introduction of thousands of new chemicals into the products we use every day , the Toxic Substances Control Act has undergone no revisions since 1976 .
America ’s bicentennial year , 1976 , was one of phenomenal events and inventions : Apple Inc was founded ;
West Point began to admit women ; my husband was born ; and the Toxic Substances Control Act ( TSCA ) , our primary chemical safety law , was enacted .
In the ensuing 34 years , much has changed .
The boxy desktop computer bears almost no resemblance to the recently launched iPad ; women are serving valiantly in both Iraq and Afghanistan ; and my husband has gone from a pudgy baby to a gray - haired professor .
Unfortunately , despite the introduction of thousands of new chemicals into the products we use every day , TSCA has undergone no revisions .
Scientists , health care providers , reproductive and environmental health advocates agree : TSCA has not kept up with the times .
When TSCA was passed in 1976 , it was considered a huge step forward in the government ’s ability to regulate toxic chemicals .
To some degree , however , TSCA was already outdated before it was signed into law .
Many dangerous chemicals were “ grandfathered in ” under the new law and remain in use today .
Many new chemicals remain unregulated because the legislation was limited in scope .
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
As a result , one of the primary deficiencies of TSCA is that the chemicals we encounter in our daily lives — in our water and baby bottles , food containers , children ’s toys , household cleaners , and personal care products — are not tested for safety and these chemicals are harming the reproductive health and fertility of women , men and children .
Lower - income and communities of color are disproportionately and adversely affected by chemicals in consumer products whether through workplace exposure , specific marketing of niche products , or through products sold in and to their communities .
For example , dollar stores , typically located in lower - income communities , are often the last stop for consumer products that can not or will not be sold in other stores .
These products , including house wares , toys , jewelry , and food and drink containers , often have been recalled or discontinued .
However , these products end up in dollar stores with little regulation or oversight .
Likewise , environmental and reproductive justice organizations have long been concerned with the toxic chemicals found in skin lighteners and hair relaxers , products marketed specifically to women of color .
Pregnant women and children are another group among the most vulnerable to toxic chemicals .
We know that the short - and long - term effects of early exposure to even low levels of toxic chemicals have been linked to a host of health problems including childhood cancer , early puberty , reduced fertility , and learning and developmental disabilities , including autism and ADHD .
Phthalates , for example , a common product found in vinyl , cosmetics , fragrance , and medical devices , has been linked to early puberty , infertility and endometriosis .
Although some phthalates have been banned from children ’s products , they remain poorly regulated under TSCA .
Toxic chemicals can accumulate or build up in our bodies , negatively impacting our health and our future pregnancies long after exposure .
Hormone disruptors ( also known as endocrine disrupting chemicals ) are one class of chemicals of particular concern because they alter the essential hormone balance required for overall health including the function and regulation of our reproductive health system .
Bisphenol A ( or BPA ) is a widely known hormone disruptor commonly used in plastics products such as water and baby bottles as well as in the lining of canned food , beverages , and infant formula .
In 2008 , BPA became a household word when news emerged that the popular bottle maker , Nalgene , decided to stop using plastic made with BPA due to growing concern about the negative health impacts of this chemical .
Experience has shown that TSCA does not provide EPA with the regulatory mechanisms necessary to protect public health .
The decision by Nalgene , for example , was made voluntarily due to consumer and media pressure .
The federal government has not issued any regulations regarding BPA .
In addition to phthalates and BPA , there are currently more than 80,000 different chemicals produced and used in the US .
In 34 years , EPA has been able to require testing on just 200 of these chemicals and only 5 have been restricted .
In fact , EPA tried to use TSCA to restrict asbestos 18 years ago and failed ; they have n’t tried since .
And why would they ?
Despite spending tens of millions of dollars and amassing thousands of pages of evidence , the EPA was unable to prove that asbestos presented an “ unreasonable risk . ”
In other words , TSCA ’s burden of proof is so high that under this legislation not even the worst of the worst chemicals , like asbestos , can be taken off the market .
Even as I write this , I begin to feel nervous , angry , and overwhelmed .
How can this be true ?
For years , I ’ve used products that may have caused me and my family harm .
I have come to realize that as much as anyone can try to do research and keep up with the science , we ca n’t all be PhDs in chemistry .
And we ca n’t shop our way out of the problem .
I should n’t have to figure out what ’s safe and what ’s not .
This is why we have government .
We need a new , modern law that protects us all .
Having just witnessed passage of historic healthcare legislation now is the time for Congress , especially the Democratic Party , to get serious about issues that are adversely affecting reproductive health , family health , and the general health of lower - income populations .
I believe the reproductive health movement must be a key player in achieving chemical policy reform .
Our movement has a legitimate , unique , and necessary role to play in educating the American public about the dangers of toxic chemicals and in mobilizing for policy change .
Not only do we have considerable resources and infrastructure to contribute to these efforts , but according to recent opinion research , three of the four most effective messages in support of chemical policy reform involve reproductive health concerns .
And now is the opportune time for reproductive health and justice organizations to get involved .
The impact of toxic chemicals on human health has recently captured the imaginations of the media , public , and policymakers .
In fact , 12 states and the District of Columbia have already introduced legislation to ban BPA .
Nicholas Kristof of the New York Times has written on the links between toxic chemicals and diseases such as cancer and autism .
Perhaps most notably , champions of environmental health in the US Senate currently stand poised to introduce legislation to reform TSCA .
Sponsored by Frank Lautenberg ( D - NJ ) , the Safe Chemicals Act of 2010 would empower the EPA to require testing of chemicals and to regulate chemicals we know harm health .
It should come to no surprise that our main opposition for reform is the chemical industry .
However , the leading chemical industry association , the American Chemistry Council , finally endorsed reform of TSCA in 2009 , reversing its long - standing opposition .
But reforming TSCA is not about an updated marketing ploy — instead , we need to ensure this legislation includes a few key principles :
Basic Safety Information for All Chemicals :
All chemicals should have basic health and safety information as a condition for entering or remaining on the market — something other laws already require for drugs and pesticides .
All chemicals should have basic health and safety information as a condition for entering or remaining on the market — something other laws already require for drugs and pesticides .
Expedited Action on the Most Dangerous Chemicals : Ensure that the EPA moves quickly to reduce the impact of those chemicals already known to be dangerous .
Ensure that the EPA moves quickly to reduce the impact of those chemicals already known to be dangerous .
Real - World Analysis Using the Best Science : Currently , chemicals are assessed ( when assessed at all ) as if a person is exposed to individual chemicals in isolation .
Instead , we need to follow the National Academies of Sciences recommendations that cumulative exposure to chemicals , such as they are experienced in the real world , should be considered when the EPA reviews chemicals for safety .
And while toxic chemical reform many not be as sexy as the newest gadget from Apple or as visually symbolic as women at West Point , the impact these chemicals are having on our nations collective reproductive health is dangerous and pervasive .
If we want to give birth to and raise the next generation of innovative thinkers or brave service members , we need to start at the beginning : the health of their mothers .
Thousand of people have added their voices to this growing movement– will you ?
You can download all of these open movies for free and Sintel too once it is released .
Simply follow the respective links I have given above .
Thanks @aashiks for letting me know .
The guys behind such amazing works like Elephants Dream Big Buck Bunny and Yo Frankie ! is yet again in the news .
Blender foundation recently released the trailer of their next open movie , Sintel .
And it looks super hot .
Watch and enjoy .
That Was n't Valium
In this scene a brother and sister arrive at the funeral with the sister 's boyfriend .
Earlier in the film we 've seen them getting ready to leave and the boyfriend , played by Alan Tudyk in the original and James Marsden in the remake , is nervous , so his girlfriend gives him what she believes to be Valium .
It is n't .
Here 's the Death at a Funeral 2007 take :
This is the first really huge , huge laugh of Death at a Funeral 07 and part of the reason it plays so well is that much of the movie , as it was in the first scene we showed you , has up till now been pretty grounded in reality .
Now that 's contrasted with an absolutely ridiculous occurrence in which Alan Tudyk 's character Simon has accidentally been given hallucinogenic drugs .
Because it 's so crazy , especially compared to how grounded everything 's been up till now , the laugh is huge .
A lot of the credit also has to go to Tudyk , who gives an incredibly hilarious performance throughout the film .
This is one of his best moments here .
It 's worth noting that even while Tudyk 's behavior grows gradually more and more outrageous , the reaction of everyone around him remains fairly grounded in reality .
Troy ( Kris Marshall ) knows that what Simon 's been given is n't Valium , but he 's hesitant to tell his sister that he 's been carrying around illegal substances .
He 'll tell her later , but his first reaction is to step back and take it all in .
That works .
Everyone sort of gets out of the way and simply lets Tudyk be funny .
Now the remake takes a shot at the same scene :
The Death at a Funeral 2010 take on this moment suffers from much the same problem as the previous scene did .
They seem intent , again , on filling every second in the scene with talking .
The characters blather on constantly and though James Marsden seems like he might actually be doing something pretty funny here , the movie 's unable to get out of his way enough to let him do it .
Where Tudyk got several long , unbroken shots to simply wander around being ridiculous , Marsden 's drug - addled moments look as though they were cut together from footage filmed on different days .
It loses a lot of the uncomfortable , awkwardness which made the other version work so well .
Instead of letting Marsden be funny , the film 's too busy having Columbus Short blurt out the acid reveal that Death 07 delayed until later , to take in what 's going on .
Most of us who are familiar with Linux are familiar with the advantages of running Linux as a desktop OS .
We frequently bemoan the fact that others do n’t know what we do about the reality of Linux on the desktop , and we seem to be hampered by difficulties in spreading the word outside our own circles .
Recently , I was able to get outside the circle of Linux users and perform a live demonstration of Linux ( and LXDE ) to a group of professionals in a conference setting .
Here ’s my story .
I spent most of the past week at the Innovative Users Group ’s annual meeting .
The IUG is an organization of libraries that uses a proprietary integrated library system ( ILS ) put out by Innovative Interfaces , Inc. .
If you work in the technical services or systems department of a library , you may have heard of them .
If not , you probably have n’t .
What ’s important is that this is a conference of librarians with above - average technical knowledge and skills : most are librarians with stronger technical skills , a few ( like me ) are geeks who have found a niche in the library world .
For this conference , I put together a poster session and a 10 - minute “ lightning ” presentation on the topic of getting the proprietary client software working on older hardware .
The vendor ( Innovative ) sets fairly high system requirements for their software , although they acknowledge that it will run on sub - par computers , if not quite as quickly .
One advantage Innovative has over some other companies is that they ’ve made the decision to make their client platform - agnostic ( as opposed to Windows - only . )
Therefore , it was only logical that I turn my renovated laptop into a presentation .
The short and sweet version of my presentation was this : using Linux and a lightweight window manager / desktop environment , an old computer could still run the proprietary client reasonably well .
Libraries are common targets for budget squeezes , and many libraries have to make older hardware last longer , so this seemed a logical fit .
I explained the basics of all this while doing a live demo with Linux Mint 8 LXDE Community Edition with the proprietary client installed .
The live demo was a rousing success , one in which even the early mishap worked to my advantage .
The other presenters ( save one ) were using Powerpoint presentations , and one other also wanted to do a live demo .
Unfortunately for the other live presenter , the Windows 7 laptop they were using had permissions problems when trying to access the network .
They ended up having to use another Windows XP laptop for her live demo .
When it was my turn ( I went last ) , my laptop would n’t recognize the projector since I had booted up without having anything plugged into the VGA port .
I ended up simply rebooting and beginning my mini-presentation while the computer started up .
One thing about Mint 8 LXDE : it boots fast .
And a room full of tech people saw it boot fast .
That same room saw the desktop come up in a hurry ( full disclosure : I had set SLiM on this laptop to auto - login . )
They saw me login to the VPN with no issues .
They saw me fire up the client .
There was a bit of a delay – I had warned them that speed was going to be something of an issue – but it came up and I was able to do simple tasks demonstrating I was live .
Then the questions started :
“ Can you run a browser at the same time ? ” I opened up Firefox .
“ Can you go to a more involved site than Google ?
I open up Facebook .
The crowd is surprised and delighted as a former IUG colleague ’s status update graces the screen ( this was completely unplanned , by the way ) , and shocked as I switch back to the proprietary client and am able to use it while Facebook runs in the background .
“ How much memory do you have in that laptop ? ” 256 MB .
The person asking that goes slack - jawed .
I promise I ’ll have full instructions and a couple of scripts available for them next week .
At the end , people were coming up to me and talking about how useful and fascinating this whole presentation was , and that they were looking forward to seeing the full writeup .
They , too , have older equipment , and maybe my work on the laptop will help them extend the life of their equipment – and stretch their budgets further .
I must say , though , the most surreal question I was asked was this one : “ Have you ever considered doing this under Fluxbox ? ”
All in all , my lightning round presentation appears to have been very well received .
I was getting comments on it throughout the conference , even attracting a little bit of attention from Innovative ’s CEO .
Most importantly , I got the distinct impression that people saw this project as something they could go back to their libraries and do : giving an older workstation new life with Linux seems easy and worthwhile .
Many of the people there had heard of Linux , but very few had used it .
Now I am optimistic that I ’ve given a few of them the motivation and ( forthcoming ) guidance to make that leap for themselves .
And that ’s what makes all of this worth it .
( Sometimes humorous , sometimes provocative , Fodder is a recurring online Press - Register feature that spotlights water cooler discussion topics of regional or national interest .
Read more Fodder here . )
TULSA , Okla . --
Perhaps the name " drop ceiling " should have given the burglar a hint .
Instead , surveillance video captures a burglar trying again and again to get out of the Drug Warehouse on Monday night , only to fall in a heap of shame and ceiling tiles .
The man
around the store when he heard sirens outside .
On the seventh try , he was successful in getting out through the roof and officers are still looking for him .
Fodder links :
Let 's stop the violence .
Police have confiscated what they suspect were 50 to 60 small bags of heroin from a third - grade student who was passing them out at his school .
Drunken horseman rides into crowd .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Israeli planes have carried out 13 air strikes on the Hamas - ruled Gaza Strip , Palestinian sources have told the BBC .
Four of the strikes took place near the town of Khan Younis , where two Israeli soldiers were killed in clashes with Palestinian fighters last week .
Israel says the operation was targeting four weapons factories .
Reports say three children were injured .
The latest violence is the most serious since the end of Israel 's assault on Gaza in January 2009 .
Palestinians and rights groups say more than 1,400 Gazans died in the conflict , while Israel puts the figure at 1,166 .
Thirteen Israelis , including three civilians , were killed .
Witnesses and Hamas officials said the latest Israeli raids targeted metal workshops , farms , a milk factory and small sites belonging to the military wing of Hamas .
The director of ambulance and emergency , Muawiya Hassanein , said that three children including an infant were slightly injured by flying debris .
Hamas Prime Minister Ismail Haniya has called on the international community to intervene in the latest cycle of violence between Gaza and Israel in order to avoid a possible escalation .
" We are contacting the other Palestinian factions in order to reach an internal consensus as to the measures we may take in order to protect our people and strengthen our unity , " Mr Haniya said .
' Retaliation '
Israel says there have been at least 20 rocket or mortar attacks in the past month that have landed on its territory , one of which killed a farm worker .
The BBC's Jon Donnison , in Jerusalem , says Israel appears to be sending a signal that whenever there is militant activity inside Gaza it will respond .
ANALYSIS Tim Franks , BBC News , Jerusalem
The air strikes were not a surprise .
Israeli officials say there is an equivalence : if it is quiet within Israel 's borders , then it will be quiet in Gaza .
Among Gaza 's leaders there was a slight difference in emphasis .
Ismail Haniya , the top Hamas man in the territory , condemned Israel 's " escalation " .
But Ayman Taha , a spokesman , also said that Hamas was " working hard to deter any faction from acting individually " .
So both sides are insisting that they want calm .
But it is dangerous - and historically inaccurate - to imagine that violence can be neatly calibrated in and around Gaza .
In any case , the received wisdom among Gazans and Israelis is that another major clash is inevitable at some point : there are just too many sources of tension , too many triggers across the region .
It makes the job of pushing ahead with Israeli - Palestinian dialogue , and a wider resolution of the Arab - Israeli conflict all the more difficult , and all the more pressing .
In a statement released to the BBC , the Israeli military said Israel would " not tolerate terroristic activity inside Gaza that threatens Israeli citizens " .
Deputy Prime Minister Silvan Shalom told public radio : " If this rocket fire against Israel does not stop , it seems we will have to raise the level of our activity and step up our actions against Hamas . "
Correspondents say this kind of rhetoric has been heard in the past and should not be taken as a cue for imminent military action .
But tension is growing between Israel and Hamas , and some analysts view wider operations against Hamas as inevitable .
Palestinian news agencies reported that Israeli aircraft dropped leaflets over parts of Gaza on Thursday warning residents of retaliation for last Friday 's killings of the soldiers in Khan Younis .
They were the first Israeli soldiers to be killed in hostile fire in Gaza in over a year .
The military wing of Hamas claimed responsibility for those attacks .
Over roughly the same period , about 90 Palestinians in Gaza have been killed in a mixture of Israeli military operations and border clashes , according to the UN .
Hamas said police stations and training facilities were among the targets of Israel 's overnight raids .
Khimar Abu Sada , professor of political science at al - Azhar university in Gaza City , told the BBC he had heard a number of explosions in the city .
In pictures : Aftermath of raids " [ On Thursday ] the Israeli army distributed a number of leaflets in Gaza City warning the Palestinians to expect some kind of Israeli retaliation for the killing of two Israeli soldiers ... so we were expecting something on Friday but not Thursday night , " he said .
Tensions in the region are running high after a recent Israeli government announcement of plans to build 1,600 new homes for Jewish people in East Jerusalem , which the Palestinians want as a capital of a future state .
The US has criticised the Ramat Shlomo project , which prompted the Palestinians to pull out of US - brokered indirect peace talks .
The row has caused one of the worst crises in US - Israeli ties for decades , and the US is reportedly considering abstaining from a possible UN Security Council resolution against Israeli settlement expansion .
The US usually blocks Security Council resolutions criticising Israel .
Rocket fire Militants in the Gaza Strip have recently stepped up rocket fire directed at Israel .
On Wednesday , they fired a rocket into an empty field in southern Israel , but there were no reports of casualties or damage , military sources said .
In December 2008 , the Israeli armed forces launched a 22 - day offensive in the Gaza Strip , bombing Palestinian cities before sending in ground troops - in response , Israel said , to Hamas rocket attacks on southern Israel .
After this , Hamas launched its rockets in increased numbers at Israeli towns near the Gaza Strip , before agreeing to a ceasefire .
Our correspondent says that Hamas has tried to rein in rocket fire from Gaza , and that there has been a reduction in attacks in the last year .
Israel would say that is a result of its military operations , our correspondent says .
But there are many militant groups in Gaza and Hamas does not control all of them , our correspondent adds .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
-- A wild child is roaming through the forests of Iowa , and exciting much discussion among the primitive naturalists of that section of the country .
The nearest approach that has been made to its capture was to find the place where it had slept , and the remains of a frog , whereon it had supped .
This latter fact seems very clearly to indicate a French parentage for the young Orson .
He probably resembles a canard .
--
The views of the Pulpit upon matters of social interest do not often widely diverge from those of the Press .
Dr. CHAPIN sees something to condemn in " the frivolity of the day which pens lengthy romances in faulty grammar , computer marriage settlements in bad arithmetic , and overwhelms a Japanese youth with avalanches of sentimental love - letters . "
It is pleasant to know that the efforts of the Press in the way of social reformation are thus seconded by the pulpit .
The Doctor , in justice to our countrywomen , will please take notice , however , that the pleasant story of a " pile of love - letters a foot high " has been exploded .
--
The people in some sections of Mississippi must occasionally experience a great dearth of news .
An editor at De Kalb in that State has just announced to his readers that the Tycoon of Japan has been assassinated , and that a total nullification of the late treaty will undoubtedly result from the change of government .
He also communicates to his readers the fact of the nomination of BELL and EVERETT by the Union Party .
Commenting on the character of EVERETT , he says : " There is , possibly , acts and facts connected with his political history that we cannot indorse . "
The schoolmaster of De Kalb must be not only abroad , but quite bent on permanent emigration .
-- Cleveland is again in the enjoyment of a sensation .
A young Octoroon has become a resident of that City , and the indefatigable " locals " are rejoicing over their new item .
Columns are filled with details of her history , and innumerable paragraphs are devoted to descriptions of her personal appearance .
With other interesting information we are told that her complexion is neither yellow nor brown , " but a combination of pure black and white . "
It is difficult to imagine what this shade may be , but it has at least the charm of novelty .
The handwriting of nature is legible upon many faces ; but it is not often that she ventures to put down her lines in black and white .
--
To say anything unkind of the Japs after their departure , would be a flagrant breach of hospitality .
But it is very certain that they have little taste for high art .
In visiting APPLETON'S , their attention was arrested by the cheap and highly colored wood - cuts in juvenile publications , wholly to the exclusion of fine and finished engravings .
The idea of showing them THORPE'S painting of Niagara arose from a mistaken estimate of their attainments in the realms of art .
The Kamis would have been much better pleased with a highly colored show - bill , or the pictorial cuts which accompany the true and veracious histories of Jack the Giant Killer , and Whittington and his Cat .
-- The Augusta Banner tells a pleasant story of an Irishman , who became the victim of a singular misconception .
The Kennebec County Jail , located in that city , is said to be an " elegant granite structure , " in point of architectural beauty rivaling , if not exceeding , any building in the place .
An Irishman , of late introduction to the locality , and probably unfamiliar with [ ???]
ESOP 's fables , gave himself up to the too prevalent custom of judging by appearances .
Walking up to the front entrance , he prostrated himself upon his knees , and devoutly sealed his forehead with the customary cross ; and then , rising , inquired of a passer - by at what time the cathedral would be opened .
From the gloomy exterior which distinguishes the generality of American churches , a mistake of the opposite character would seem more natural .
-- Gen HOUSTON has lately been made the victim of an unintentional bit of satire , peculiarly rich in its way .
Passing through the Texan city which bears his name , he was furnished with an ovation at the hands of the inhabitants .
This was all well enough ; but several of the " principal and most influential gentlemen of the city " called upon him , and , so says the Houston Republic , from which we gather these particulars , " lavished on him their warmest congratulations on the brilliancy of his Presidential prospects . "
Had these " influential gentlemen " been enemies of the General , instead of friends , who ventured on this little piece of pleasantry , the result of the interview can very well be imagined .
Fancy a deputation congratulating Mr. BUCHANAN on the glory of his setting sun , or Mr. BRECKINRIDGE , or Mr. DOUGLAS , on the harmonious unanimity to which his nomination has restored the Democratic Party .
--
As the caricature of Mr. LINCOLN , to which we lately made allusion , has disappeared from the columns of the Milwaukee Sentinel only to turn up in the Alton Courier , we infer that a compromise must have been effected between the two journals , and that the " picture " will pass back and forth between them during the campaign .
For it is impossible that two such miserable misrepresentations of one man should be in existence at the same time Poor Mr. LINCOLN is made to look as though he had been dragged through a very rough knot - hole , and subsequently beaten with a soot - bag .
If an action for libel would not lie against the proprietors of the abovementioned papers , then there is no such thing as political and pictorial justice .
There is a society for the prevention of cruelty to animals , but a Presidential candidate has no friends till after his election .
Even the witty and good - natured Momus , quoting from a Western editor , who describes the rail - splitter as " no porcelain , but a piece of sound and serviceable delft , " must have its fling at " ABE , " and pronounces him sheer " wedge- wood . "
--
We fear our neighbor , the Leader , has no great reverence for title , birth , rank , high - breeding , and all that sort of thing .
The style in which he treats our late visitors , the Princes of Japan , is in the highest degree uneomplimentary -- not to say disrespectful and contemptuous .
These people may have the blood of a thousand generations of Kamis in their veins ; their ancestors may have been leading actors in the massacres which , at a much more recent period , deluged their island with Christian blood ; -- they may themselves be as " noble " as the proudest member of the British peerage .
Yet this is the style in which the Leadertreats them :
A meaner set of barbarians our eyes had never the misfortune to rest upon .
Stunted , ill shaped , narrow headed , yellow skinned , high smelling , ferret eyed , flat footed , greedy and cunning -- it makes our blood tingle through every vein when we reflect that the virtue of American Womanhood has been slandered and called in question on account of such half - human abominations .
Not a man in the Embassy knew the meaning of personal cleanliness .
The " Princes , " ( God save the mark ! ) had but two suits of silk - clothes each , which they wore without change of underclothing , from the day they left Nyphon until to - day .
We are very much afraid that such language as this will give color to the belief , that the Americans have no reverence whatever for high rank and noble birth .
S O R R Y
Sorry ,
The page is Not Avalaible
Przepraszamy , Strona Zamknięta
A reminder of some basic truths : Karl Rove was never a conservative in anything but a nominal sense .
He was an opportunist and a radical .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
As he was driven in a Special Branch car to Manchester at 6.30 pm on Thursday evening , the last phone call Nick Clegg made before arriving at the ITV studios was to his three young boys .
There was no mention during the conversation of the big event in dad 's diary .
Antonio , 9 , was bothered about his new watch while Alberto , 5 , was nagging his father to get on with planning his birthday party .
" They were not really aware , " said an aide .
" Nick agreed with Alberto that the birthday arrangements really were the most urgent thing on the calendar for the next few weeks . "
Keeping everything in perspective was vital .
So was mental and physical preparation .
Clegg had rejected the idea of staying in a Manchester hotel with all the other political groupies .
" I do n't want all that air conditioning .
I want some real air , " he told his team .
So for the night before the first TV leaders ' debate in British electoral history , they checked him into Shrigley Hall , in rolling countryside near Macclesfield .
Before setting off for the TV studios , Clegg went for a long stroll on his own in the grounds and surrounding hills to clear his head and calm his nerves .
It worked .
A few hours later , as he stepped off stage after 90 minutes of argument with Gordon Brown and David Cameron in front of almost 10 million viewers , the Liberal Democrat leader rang his wife Miriam .
She told him he had been " brilliant " .
Then his chief of staff , Danny Alexander , made contact to say that , according to the instant polls , much of the nation agreed .
Clegg had finally emerged from the shadow of his colleague Vince Cable , who until then had hogged all the limelight .
The next morning , as the Lib Dems tried to come to terms with a media that had , overnight , recast their leader from insipid also - ran to hero , poll results that Clegg could not have dreamed of 24 hours earlier were still pouring out .
By then , the Conservative battle bus , with David Cameron on board , was heading disconsolately for Wales .
Tory MPs and officials were struggling to comprehend a whirlwind that threatened to blow previous assumptions about the 2010 election off course .
At one point , the findings of an ITV - ComRes poll flashed up on one of the bus 's TV screens .
It claimed the Lib Dems had leapt 14 points to 35 % .
" Bloody hell , " said one Tory aide under her breath , before other officials dismissed the poll as misleading .
On the mothers ' internet forum Mumsnet , 44 % of women who voted in a post - debate survey said they were now thinking of voting Lib Dem , compared with 23 % three weeks ago .
The Lib Dems ' following on Facebook doubled in a day .
Tory aides tried not to look deflated as they admitted Clegg had enjoyed a marvellous night .
They promised to stick to their strategy , implying that they would not divert the Tory attack dogs from Gordon Brown on to the Lib Dem leader .
But within the hour they had released an 11 - point dossier that suggested the reverse was the case .
Entitled " Deconstructing Nick Clegg " , the email attacked the Lib Dem 's claims on schools , expenses , Trident , immigration and more .
After the Tory bus left Prestatyn in Wales , it headed to an Asda in Wolverhampton .
There , Louise Anyon , a 22 - year - old trainee manager , asked Cameron about pensions .
After he left , she said she had been thinking of voting Tory but was now wobbling .
" Nick Clegg was so brilliant , " she said , beaming .
" I 'm very tempted by the Liberal Democrats . "
Tories cannot allow the Lib Dem leader to prolong his time in the sun if they can help it .
They will attack him over Europe – Clegg used to advocate entry into the eurozone and is a former European Commission official – and immigration .
And the right wing of the Tory party is restless for Cameron to go back to basics .
They desperately want to reverse the situation has emerged , with polls today placing the Liberal Democrats in second place .
Strange though it seems , if today 's polling was replicated on May 6 that would result in a situtation in which Labour would have more MPs than any other party .
" The Conservative forces of hell will be unleashed on us , " predicted Olly Grender , former communications director to Paddy Ashdown .
But despite the inevitable onslaughts , most Lib Dems believe they have a real chance to break the mould of two - party dominance in British politics .
A senior Lib Dem strategist said the new forum of a TV debate was a factor that really could change the game .
" You have to understand that Lib Dem leaders do n't get a honeymoon with the electorate , " the source said .
" They hardly even get a wedding night .
They do n't have that period of exposure .
Like Ashdown and Kennedy , they get elected then are either ignored or hounded .
" I think Nick found that frustrating .
And because he got so few opportunities to be listened to on serious subjects , when he did get on the media he sometimes tried to say 50 things in a minute .
But now that he's on an equal footing , he is showing what he can do . "
Another factor , they say , is that this is no ordinary election .
Huge numbers of voters are disillusioned with politicians following the expenses scandal .
That disgust with politics has made voters less inclined to adopt the " Buggins 's turn " principle of switching support between Labour and the Tories .
Because Clegg was , before Thursday , little known to most voters , the Lib Dems are confident he is also largely untainted .
Chris Huhne , the Lib Dem home affairs spokesman , said people were thinking in new ways about how to vote , some even saying that they favoured a hung parliament : " I 've never before had people saying they do n't want one party in overall control .
That is extraordinary and completely new . "
Alexander argues that the election has been thrown completely open .
" What is going on is that there is a group of people who endorsed Tony Blair in 1997 who we are all fighting over – the Tories , Labour and us .
But what has changed since Nick 's TV performance is that those who were thinking of holding their noses and voting for David Cameron will now be thinking of voting for us .
And those who were thinking of holding their noses and voting for Gordon Brown will be doing the same . "
By giving the Liberal Democrats equal billing with Labour and the Tories , the three leaders ' debates have added to the unpredictability of an election that , pollsters agree , was already proving the most difficult to predict in decades .
They have given Clegg the chance to pose as the new advocate of change , marshalling messages on the need for reform of the voting system and the House of Lords that they believe will make Cameron look stuck in the mud .
It is the undecided voters that Clegg 's team now have in their sights ; the last ComRes poll had the " do n't knows " at 15 % .
On Friday night , that volatility was evident when a YouGov survey found the Lib Dems had climbed eight points since the debate to 30 % , overtaking Labour , who were down three at 28 % .
The Tories had slumped by four to 33 % .
The Lib Dems were not only buoyed by the raw data : they also felt it greatly strengthened their argument for a move to fairer voting .
Due to the vagaries of the electoral system , if YouGov 's findings were replicated on election day , Labour , though in third place , would still have the greatest number of MPs : 276 , against 246 for the Tories and 99 for the Lib Dems .
" That is totally scandalous , " said one of Clegg 's team .
Despite the weighting of the voting system against them , the implications of a continued poll surge for the Lib Dems are huge – particularly for David Cameron 's ambitions .
Experts say that the boost for Clegg 's party makes it more likely to hold on to seats in the south - west that the Tories have been targeting hard .
But it may not be enough to make inroads in the Labour - Lib Dem marginals of the north .
In fact , today 's ComRes poll for the Independent on Sunday and Sunday Mirror , which places the Tories on 31 , Lib Dems on 29 and Labour on 27 , translates into a hung parliament scenario in which it is Labour that has most seats .
It is the lowest level of support for Cameron 's Conservatives since Brown 's honeymoon as Labour leader in 2007 .
Perhaps that is why the prime minister patted Clegg warmly on his arm as they walked off stage : Labour do n't need to panic about the Lib Dem surge .
As long as it does not turn into a charge it is welcome .
Even before the TV clash , the challenge the Conservatives faced was huge : they needed to hold all their existing seats and win 116 more to gain an overall majority .
Having plastered the country with posters attacking Gordon Brown , they now have a new enemy .
Like Cameron , he is young , articulate and claims to represent change .
The problem for the Conservatives is that a large slice of the country appears to have warmed to him with less than three weeks to go until polling day .
Cameron , by contrast , was at the height of his popularity in the summer of 2008 , when the Tories swept to victory in the traditional Labour heartland of Crewe and Nantwich .
" We have to keep this in check , " said one senior Lib Dem .
" But we have timed this one pretty well . "
Now the Conservatives have to decide when and how they will attack the nation 's favourite new leader .
" If there is this wave of support for Clegg , " said one Tory MP , " we ca n't be seen to be tearing into him too aggressively or too soon .
But we need to pick apart his policies .
It is a really difficult balance . "
Liberal Democrat strategists believe one of the Tories ' big mistakes has been to ignore the third - party threat at a national level for too long .
" It is only those who are up against us locally that get it , " said one .
" The others think it is like Prime Minister 's Questions : between Labour and the Tories .
You get the impression people like Cameron think ' What 's that ?
Who 's that ?
What 's a Liberal Democrat doing in the same room as us ? '
Now they are finding out . "
On the campaign trail in south London yesterday , Clegg said people were beginning to realise that " something different " was possible .
" I think that is what 's starting .
I can't predict what is going to happen in the election campaign , but I think something exciting is starting to happen . "
Annette Brooke , who is defending Mid-Dorset and North Poole for the Lib Dems , said that the Tories were outspending her by some margin , but that the television debate had been worth far more to her party than a thousand Conservative party posters had been to her opponent .
" Before [ the debate ] started , I could n't have anticipated that the outcome would be as brilliant as it was , " she said .
" I was nearly leaping off my seat .
It 's enthused our existing supporters and helpers , so that 's given us a real boost .
And , yes , we are meeting people who are changing their votes , too . "
Images from A Pictorial History of Wrestling by Graeme Kent , 1968 .
This set at hi-res on flickr
Thousands of displaced Somalis rely on food aid from WFP Up to half the food aid in Somalia is diverted to corrupt contractors , local UN workers and Islamist militants , a leaked UN report says .
The report , by the UN monitoring group in Somalia , is particularly critical of the UN's own World Food Programme and recommends an independent inquiry .
It says WFP contracts are awarded to a few powerful individuals who operate cartels that sell the food illegally .
The report has not been made public yet , but its contents have been leaked .
US funding cut
The UN document says food aid is diverted to a web of distributors , transporters and armed groups , with some local UN workers also taking a cut in the profits , the BBC's Barbara Plett reports from the UN .
It blames the problem on the food distribution system in the war - torn country , where transporters have to navigate roadblocks manned by various militias and bandits .
Extracts of the report have been quoted by the New York Times and by news agencies .
According to the leaks , the report says preliminary investigations by the monitoring group " indicate the existence of a de facto cartel " .
The report says just three contractors receive the vast majority of WFP transportation contracts , making them " some of the wealthiest and most influential individuals in Somalia " , the extracts say .
We have to go to the root cause of the problem , which is lack of a supported government
Ahmedou Ould Abdallah , UN special representative for Somalia
Rebels block UN food aid WFP , which provides most of the relief goods , says previous internal investigations have failed to find proof of widespread abuse but that it will examine the new allegations .
The UN secretary general 's special representative for Somalia , Ahmedou Ould Abdallah , told the BBC he had seen the report , but that he believed the greatest need in Somalia was a stable and internationally supported government .
" With a ... government we would avoid this loss [ of aid ] , not only of 50 % but of 5 % , " he said .
" We have to go to the root cause of the problem , which is [ the ] lack of a supported government .
We have a government - why do n't we support it ? "
Charges that food aid was being diverted first surfaced in 2009 .
The US has since reduced funding to Somalia , fearing that aid was falling into the hands of the Islamist group al - Shabab .
The World Food Programme has also struggled to keep up with food deliveries .
Last month , al - Shabab banned the food agency from operating in Somalia .
WFP said it had already announced a suspension of its work in the southern part of the country because of attacks and extortion by local militants .
The report is due to be officially presented to the UN Security Council on 16 March .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
It sounded like a Frederick Forsyth plot transplanted to South America : Colombian spies in league with the US infiltrated Venezuela to sabotage the electricity supply , sow chaos and topple President Hugo Chávez .
Venezuelan authorities arrested eight Colombians last week and accused them of subversive acts against the country 's energy infrastructure .
They allegedly had photographs of electricity substations , transmission systems and highways .
" The Colombian government will have to explain this , " Chávez said during a televised cabinet meeting .
" Some of them had Colombian army ID cards .
One of them worked as a medic in the Colombian army , then went to live in Canada , then came to Barinitas .
Very strange movements . "
The arrests – six were detained in the small town of Barinitas and two in the state of Aragua – have reignited tensions between the Andean neighbours in the run-up to next month 's presidential election in Colombia .
President Alvaro Uribe , a US ally who regularly clashes with Venezuela 's socialist leader , responded swiftly : " The government of Colombia cannot permit violations of human rights against its citizens , whether they live in Colombia or elsewhere . "
A less than convincing claim , given Colombia 's grim record on state - backed death squads .
Chávez also struggled to convince .
An energy crisis triggered by drought and under - investment has led to nation - wide blackouts and rationing , crippling the economy and eroding Chávez 's popularity .
Last week he extended the electricity emergency for another 60 days , accusing " counter - revolutionaries " of exploiting the crisis by cutting cables , among other tactics .
" Who knows how many power cuts … have been the product of sabotage ? "
Critics and many ordinary Venezuelans scoffed and said the government 's latest claim of a plot seemed something out of Woody Allen 's spoof on tropical despotism , Bananas .
According to relatives , five of the detained Colombians are members of a family that has lived in Venezuela for 17 years and owns an ice - cream factory .
Chávez said the factory was a " façade " , without elaborating .
He also claims to have thwarted numerous US - backed assassination plots against him .
The satirical newspaper Tal Cual reported that the US state department had a clandestine section to train iguanas to sabotage Venezuela 's infrastructure .
Constant Motion is a breathtaking time - lapse video by Redding , California - based freelance photographer Aaron Patterson that takes HDR to a whole new level .
On his blog , Patterson writes ,
This Video took roughly 600 hours of editing not to mention the countless hours of shooting .
It is made of around 10 k photos and took around 300 gigs of info .
All of this was shot in 3.5 months which is about 6 hours of editing a day .
All that work definitely shows in the final product .
Absolutely stunning .
This week on CNN , senior medical correspondent Elizabeth Cohen has explored financial waste in the health care industry .
On Thursday , she 'll explore solutions in her Empowered Patient column .
( CNN ) --
In a home office , slipped inside file cabinets and stacked on top of workspaces , Cindy Holtzman has amassed a collection of " medical waste . "
She 's not hoarding used syringes or old bandages .
She 's hanging on to hospital bills that are loaded with outrageous examples of money that was poorly spent .
" Nobody usually looks at their bills , " Holtzman said .
" There could be lots of mistakes . "
Holtzman , a consumer advocate with Medical Billing Advocates of America , looks at medical bills for a living .
Among the excessive charges she 's seen : A patient in Florida was billed $ 140 dollars for one Tylenol pill ; a patient in South Carolina was billed $ 1,000 for a tooth brush ; a patient in Georgia was billed more than $ 4,000 for 41 bags of IV saline solution when she went to the emergency room for a two - hour visit and used just one bag .
In the Georgia example , Holtzman says , the patient 's insurance company paid the entire claim .
" Usually any kind of bill that 's under $ 100,000 , they do n't look at the details .
And that 's where something like that can be paid in error , " she said .
i Report : Medical spending too wasteful ?
It was only after Holtzman says she investigated the erroneous IV bag charges that the insurance company got a refund and the bill was corrected
" It just took a phone call , " said Holtzman .
" That 's why costs are so high .
Because things are getting paid without insurance companies sometimes looking at the bills . "
The patient 's hospital declined to speak to CNN , as did the patient 's insurance company , which declined because of patient privacy concerns .
Expensive charges are n't always a mistake .
Rich Umbdenstock , president and CEO of the American Hospital Association , says hospitals mark up prices on medical bills to make up for lower payments the government pays through Medicare and Medicaid .
" They 're making up for underpayments elsewhere , " Umbdenstock said .
" Certainly if you 're the patient to whom the cost is being shifted you feel you are paying more than you should .
The public programs need to pay their fare share .
At the same time hospitals are trying to lower their cost of providing care , so that they do n't have as great a gap . "
Consider this :
For every dollar the nation spends on health care , 50 cents is wasted .
According to a 2008 report by Pricewaterhouse Cooper 's Health Research Institute , wasteful spending accounts for $ 1.2 trillion of the $ 2.2 trillion spent on health care in the United States .
The medical waste includes costs associated with inefficient insurance claims processing , defensive medicine , preventable hospital readmissions , medical errors , and unnecessary emergency room visits .
" Our best estimate is that for the country as a whole , probably half of what we 're spending on health care delivery today is technically waste from a patient 's perspective .
There are better ways of doing it , " said Dr. Brent James , chief quality officer for Intermountain Healthcare , a nonprofit health system in Salt Lake City , Utah .
The way a doctor chooses to treat a patient may also contribute to waste .
Variations in treatments waste the health system $ 10 billion annually , according to the report .
When a hospital like Intermountain swaps out expensive procedures for cheaper , equally effective treatments it actually loses money .
It can no longer charge for those pricier procedures .
" The old belief that better care is more care , turns out it 's just not true , " James says .
" The big problem .
It costs you money .
Most of these savings go back to insurers or the government , those windfall savings .
We 're nearly always financially punished every time we save money . "
Umbdenstock acknowledges the payment system is flawed .
" Under a fee - for - service payment system the incentive is to do more .
To generate more fees .
And yes , the fundamental structure of payment today is based on paying for the unit of service .
So we 've had a lot of discussion around how to turn those incentives around and pay not based on volume but pay on value , quality and cost , " he says .
Patients with high deductible insurance plans also risk wasting their own money on health care services .
Prices for common procedures can vary widely among hospitals , and they typically do n't come with a price tag .
" Each facility has the discretion to charge a different price , " said Heather Staples , a consultant who analyzes health care prices for large employers in New Hampshire .
" Depending upon the procedure it could be a few hundreds of dollars of difference , or it could be $ 5,000 or $ 8,000 of difference across facilities . "
Experts say a higher price does not always mean better quality of care .
It can pay to shop around for treatment services on your own ; however , only a handful of states provide easy access to information on how much medical procedures cost .
" There is an increasing number of people with high deductible plans , " Staples said .
" There 's more people on the hook .
They need this information to be able to make an educated decision . "
Hermes ' Ios222/223
Installing Hermes ' IOS for use with USB Loader
Hermes ' IOS is an alternative to using Waninkoko 's IOS249 and d 2 x .
While this used to be very important , the IOS is very rarely needed any more and you should only really bother if d2 x is not working with your drive .
It is still safe to have it installed and it wo n't damage your other setups , so if you want a complete installation , go ahead with it too .
For more information about custom IOSes , see the IOSes Explained page .
What you should install first
What you need
SD Card
Either your Wii to be online via wireless OR a Windows PC .
READ THIS FIRST
Hermes ' IOS can actually be inserted into other slots and we are going to make use of that .
There are also different versions of IOS222 that can be installed into the 223 and 224 slots and these versions are determined by the base IOS used .
For maximum compatibility and ease of updating , this tutorial now gives you the following setup :
Slot 224 - Base
37 - Best compatibility with most things .
Note that the 222 and 223 slots are not actually used in our installation ( they were in previous versions of the tutorial ) .
If installed there , discs with 4.2 and 4.3 updates will still ask you to update , even if you are already at thos firmwares .
This makes things slightly easier .
Feel free to experiment with other slots and bases .
They wo n't hurt your Wii and you can reinstall any base over any slot at any time .
In particular , base 57 will have slightly faster loading times within games , but will not support games with microphones .
What to download
Hermes ' uLoader installer v5.1 via this link .
Version 3.0C is here which includes v4 of the IOSes , although 5.1 is now better .
If your Wii is not connected to the Internet , you need to use NUS Downloader to get the following files : Download IOS36 v3351 with Title ID 0000000100000024 without the Pack WAD option and copy all the files from this download to sd:/00000001/00000024/v3351 / Download IOS37 v3869 with Title ID 0000000100000025 without the Pack WAD option and copy all the files from this download to sd:/00000001/00000025/v3869 /
Installation procedure
Remove all GameCube memory cards and controllers .
This step is very important .
Do not ignore it .
UnRAR uloader_v5.1E.rar and copy the apps / cios_installer / directory to sd:/ apps/
You should now have a file called sd:/apps/cios_installer/boot.dol amongst others .
Start HomeBrew Channel and start the cIOS 222 Installer Wait for the warning message to disappear Select IOS236 to perform the install with D - pad left / right and push A
If you do n't have IOS236 , then pay more attention to the " What you should install first " section above .
Select to Install Custom IOS 224 v 65535 and push A Select to Use IOS37 and push A Wait for download to complete ( either from network or from the SD ) Press 1 to Install If installation fails , try reinstalling IOS236
To use IOS224 with Configurable USB Loader , add the ios=224 - mload option to meta.xml .
Instructions to do so are on the USB Loader page .
To select only specific games to use Hermes ' IOS , select each game and push 1 and you will see an option to change IOS to 224 - mload .
The choice can be saved with the 2 button .
You can also use the Configurator application on the Configurable Options page to change these per-game settings .
FAQ
The network install keeps failing Try the offline install method .
It appears the installer does n't work with Nintendo's LAN adapter , too .
How do I reinstall a different version of IOS222/223 ?
Just follow the procedure again .
What 's the difference between IOS222 , IOS223 and IOS224 ?
The only difference is the number .
Having others gives you an alternative if 224's base does n't work , but you will have trouble with disc installs .
What Next ?
By Nick Triggle
Health reporter , BBC News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The doctor who first suggested a link between MMR vaccinations and autism is to be struck off the medical register .
The General Medical Council found Dr Andrew Wakefield guilty of serious professional misconduct over the way he carried out his controversial research .
It follows a GMC ruling earlier this year that he had acted unethically .
Dr Wakefield , who is now based in the US , has consistently claimed the allegations are unfair .
He now says he will appeal against the verdict .
His 1998 Lancet study caused vaccination rates to plummet , resulting in a rise in measles - but the findings were later discredited .
The GMC ruled in January Dr Wakefield had acted " dishonestly and irresponsibly " in conducting his research , but under its procedures the sanctions are made at a later date .
The case did not investigate whether Dr Wakefield 's findings were right or wrong , instead it focused on the methods of research .
The panel concluded that it is the only sanction that is appropriate to protect patients and is in the wider public interest
Dr Surendra Kumar
Panel chairman
During the two - and - a - half - year case , the longest in GMC history , he was accused of carrying out invasive tests on vulnerable children which were against their best interests .
The GMC also said Dr Wakefield , who was working at London 's Royal Free Hospital as a gastroenterologist at the time , did not have the ethical approval or relevant qualifications for such tests .
And the panel hearing the case took exception with the way he gathered blood samples .
Dr Wakefield paid children £ 5 for the samples at his son's birthday party .
It also said Dr Wakefield should have disclosed the fact that he had been paid to advise solicitors acting for parents who believed their children had been harmed by the MMR .
Serious misconduct
In making the verdict on the sanctions , Dr Surendra Kumar , the panel 's chairman , said Dr Wakefield had " brought the medical profession into disrepute " and his behaviour constituted " multiple separate instances of serious professional misconduct " .
In total , he was found guilty of more than 30 charges .
Dr Kumar also explained the reasoning for striking Dr Wakefield off .
" The panel concluded that it is the only sanction that is appropriate to protect patients and is in the wider public interest , including the maintenance of public trust and confidence in the profession , and is proportionate to the serious and wide - ranging findings made against him . "
Dr Wakefield has consistently claimed the allegations against him were " unfounded and unjust " .
As the GMC announced its sanctions , Dr Wakefield said : " Efforts to discredit and silence me through the GMC process have provided a screen to shield the government from exposure on the MMR vaccine scandal . "
Two of his former colleagues at the Royal Free were also ruled to have broken guidelines .
Professor John Walker - Smith and Professor Simon Murch both helped Dr Wakefield carry out the research .
Professor Walker - Smith , who is 73 and has been retired for the past 10 years , was found guilty of serious professional misconduct and struck off the register .
Professor Murch was found not guilty of serious professional misconduct despite there not being ethical approval for the research .
In explaining this decision , Dr Kumar said he took into account the fact that Professor Murch stopped carrying out tests on children for the study because he did not think they were necessary .
Professor Terence Stephenson , president of the Royal College of Paediatrics and Child Health , said the scare over the vaccine had done " untold damage to the UK vaccination programme " .
" We cannot stress too strongly that all children and young people should have the MMR vaccine . "
The Department of Health reiterated this .
A spokesman said : " The safety of MMR has been endorsed through numerous studies in many countries . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
There is nothing creepier than a zombie kid .
Humans are wired to feel protective toward the little ones , and when you subvert that by making the little bastards into flesh - hungry freaks , it ’s just extra unsettling .
Similarly , twist it a little more and it becomes funny , maybe even a little cute again — but still fucking creepy .
Considering the prevalence of undead tykes in the zombie film mythos , it ’s obviously a favorite trope of filmmakers everywhere .
It ’s also a favorite of mine , perhaps paradoxically since I am a parent , or maybe that ’s why I love them so much .
Here are ten of my favorite zombie tots from the movies .
May you never wake up and have one of them looming over your bed .
10 ) Redneck Zombies – Remember what I said about cute ?
This is the best example ever of a cute zombie baby .
Just look at the little toddler , all creepified and gross and eating some sweet , sweet flesh .
This cute little monster is about the only worthwhile thing in Redneck Zombies and he ’s only in it for about thirty seconds .
9 ) Night of the Dead : Leben Tod –
The little girl in Night of the Dead : Leben Tod is also kind of cute , but a lot creepier .
In part , perhaps because she ’s also complaining about being hungry , and like all good little zombies , she exists strictly on a “ fresh meat ” kind of diet .
She ’s one of the best things about this surprisingly good zero - budget Re-Animator - inspired gorefest .
( Review Here )
8 ) Pet Sematary – Oh , Gage , you little rascal , with your scalpel and your fun “ games . ”
Poor Fred Gwynne sure learned the hard way why playing hide and seek with you was not a good idea , at all .
This creepy little shit became iconic and was the only good thing about the horrible Pet Sematary film .
7 ) Zombieland –
It was little more than a “ blink and you ’ll miss it ” sight gag in Zombieland , but I really loved these evil , little zombie princesses that jump up on the minivan .
It was one of the many little touches that gave the movie its distinctive character .
( Review Here )
6 ) Burial Ground : Nights of Terror – The “ kid ” in this was played by a Peter Bark , twenty - something dwarf in a terrible hairpiece .
And in reality , he was far creepier before he became a zombie , what with his icky , mother - loving ways .
Then he becomes a zombie and kills his mom by biting her nipple off .
Yeah , that ’s creepy .
And it ’s just one of the many reasons Burial Ground is completely ape - shit .
( Review Here )
5 ) Dawn of the Dead ( 1978 ) – George Romero served up a pair of freaky tots in his 1978 masterpiece Dawn of the Dead .
Admit it , you totally jumped when these two came out of that closet the first time .
And then felt kind of wrong for cheering after Peter shot them both dead .
It ’s okay , we all did .
4 ) Dawn of the Dead ( 2004 ) – Maybe the only thing Zack Snyder ’s Dawn remake did unequivocally better than the original was the zombie kids .
Man , this little girl from the beginning is just too awesome .
I mean , even as everyone watching is screaming at the dude to stay away from her , you can kind of understand you ’d do the same thing in his situation ( i.e. not knowing she ’s a fucking zombie , just a hurt little girl ) .
Then she goes for his throat and it ’s on .
The opening sequence to Dawn is one of the best in zombie filmdom , and this little girl is a big part of that .
3 ) Dead - Alive –
When zombies get it on , this is what results .
Despite being one of the silliest entries on the list , most everyone that ’s seen Dead - Alive agrees that the baby is one creepy , nightmare - inducing son of a bitch .
I do n’t know what it is about him , but he ’s just unsettling .
I dream about him almost every time I watch this movie .
* shudder *
2 ) REC –
We all knew the second we saw this sick little girl in REC that she ’d be zombified sooner rather than later .
And when she is , it ’s awesome — she ’s as scary as the girl from Dawn 2004 , if not more so .
She seems to be featured on the poster for REC 2 , so I have high hopes for more grotesque shenanigans from one of my favorite creepy - tots of all time .
1 ) Night of the Living Dead – See , zombie tots have been an integral part of zombiedom since the beginning of the modern era .
Little Karen Cooper is probably the first child to ever eat her parents on screen .
And really , they do n’t come much creepier than her , even to this day .
Sure , maybe the makeup is a little better or the gore more realistic , but I ’d still put the littlest Cooper and her trowel - wielding , mother - murdering , father - eating ways up against any of them .
We love you , Ms. Cooper .
Thanks for inspiring the many generations of flesh - eating child freaks to come .
Tokyo , Japan ( CNN ) -- Japan 's prime minister visited Okinawa and delivered an unpopular message Tuesday : it will be challenging to move a U.S. base off the island .
" I have determined that transferring all of the functions at Futenma [ Air Base ] outside the prefecture or abroad is difficult , " Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama said .
Okinawans say the U.S. military has been responsible for a number of blights in the city , from serious crimes like rape and drunken driving , to environmental and noise pollution .
Nearly 100,000 residents protested last week demanding that the base be moved off the island .
And a recent poll said two out of three Japanese say they disapprove of the prime minister 's performance and 59 percent said Hatoyama should resign if he can't resolve the fight over the future of the Futenma Air Base in Okinawa .
One of the issues that sparked a backlash against the U.S. base recently was the 2008 charges against a Marine for the rape of a 14 - year - old Japanese girl in Okinawa .
The case revived simmering anger in the local community , some of whom remembered the 2006 case of the sailor who was convicted of fatally beating a 56 - year - old Japanese woman and the 1995 case of three American servicemen who were found guilty of kidnapping and raping a 12 - year - old Okinawan schoolgirl .
CNN 's Kyung Lah contributed to this report .
Tomfoolery - In - Chief .
hi , i'm duty .
... and that 's why i drink .
psst ... like a pic ?
click it for the source , dummy .
just kidding .
you 're brilliant .
- ish .
Ukraine and a Tectonic Shift in Heartland Power , The USA Russia Pipeline Wars
Part I : The Geopolitical significance of Ukraine today
A decisive vote against NATO - On February 14 Ukraine 's Election Commission declared Viktor Yanukovych the winner in that embattled country 's Presidential runoff vote , defeating former Prime Minister and Orange Revolution instigator Yulia Tymoshenko .
Contrary to the positive spin Washington is trying to put on the events , they mark the definitive death of Ukraine 's much - touted “ Orange Revolution . “
The relevant question at this juncture is what the defeat of Ukraine 's Orange Revolution signifies for the future of the Eurasian Heartland , as British geopolitician Halford Mackinder termed the region ?
Even more significantly , what does it imply for a two - decade long Pentagon attempt to weaken and ultimately cripple Russia as a military power in Washington 's awesome and overly - ambitious agenda of Full Spectrum Dominance ?
To understand the long - term significance of the Ukraine vote for the future global geopolitical balance of power we should go back to the original Orange Revolution of 2004 .
Viktor Yushchenko was the hand - picked candidate of Washington , and especially the neo-conservatives around the Bush Administration , in their attempt to split Ukraine from its historic and economic ties to Russia and bring the country , along with neighbor Georgia , into NATO .
Ukrainian economic and political geography
A look at the map will indicate just how strategic Ukraine is for both NATO and for Russia .
Not only does the country directly border Russia to its east , but it also provides the transit route for most Russian natural gas pipelines to western Europe -- some 80 % of all Russian gas exports from which the country earns dollars , a vital economic lifeline for Russia .
Perhaps equally vital for Russia , in terms of her ability to maintain a credible defense against ever - growing NATO encirclement of its land area , is the Russian leasing rights to Ukraine 's Black Sea port of Stevastapol , home to Russia 's Black Sea Naval Fleet .
The Fleet leases an additional home port in Odessa , in an agreement between Russia and Ukraine .
This politically sensitive bilateral treaty for the Black Sea Fleet basing is not due to expire until 2017 , if not renewed .
Following the Russia - Georgia conflict in August 2008 , Ukraine ’s President Yushchenko began making noises about prematurely terminating that treaty , thereby depriving Moscow of its strategically most important naval base .
Russian navy ships have used Stevastopol since Russia annexed the region in 1783 .
The eastern part of Ukraine bordering Russia is home to more than 15 million ethnic Russians and remains literally the bread basket of eastern Europe , with some of the richest soil on earth .
In 2009 Ukraine was the world 's third largest grain exporter after the USA and EU , and ahead of Russia and Canada . [ 1 ]
Ukraine 's famous black soil , chornozem , is considered the most fertile in the world , and covers two - thirds of Ukraine . [ 2 ]
The area around the rivers Dnieper and Dniester is the only place in the world where the width of the so - called ‘ sweet ’ black soil reaches 500 km .
This soil is exceptional in providing very high quality harvests and belongs to the national wealth .
Western agribusiness companies such as Monsanto , Cargill , ADM and Kraft Foods are reportedly salivating over the prospect of an end to the internal Ukrainian political stalemate in hopes of exploiting these resources . [ 3 ]
The Ukrainian Donetsk region in the eastern Donets Basin or Donbas is the political base of newly elected President Yanukovych .
It is the most populous region of Ukraine and the center of its coal , steel and metallurgy industries , science centers and universities .
Ukraine 's Donbas contains an estimated 109 billion tons of coal as well as oil and gas .
Overall , Ukraine is one of the richest regions in all Europe for natural resources including granite , graphite , and salts .
It provides a rich source for metallurgical , porcelain , chemical industries , for production of ceramics and building materials . [ 4 ]
In short , capture of the Ukraine in 2004 was a prize of strategic geopolitical importance for Washington in its bid for what the Pentagon terms ‘ Full Spectrum Dominance ’ — control of the entire planet : land , air , oceans , space and outerspace .
As the British father of geopolitics , Sir Halford Mackinder wrote in his seminal 1919 book , Democratic Ideals and Reality ,
Who rules East Europe commands the Heartland :
Who rules the Heartland commands the World - Island :
Who rules the World - Island commands the World.5
For Mackinder , the Heartland integrally included Ukraine and Russia .
By chopping off Ukraine from Russia in a de facto US - led coup called the Orange Revolution , Washington came a giant step nearer to a complete domination not only of Russia and the Heartland , but also of all Eurasia , including what would then become an encircled China .
No wonder that the Bush - Cheney administration invested so much energy to install their man , Yushchenko , as President and de facto dictator .
His task was to bring Ukraine into NATO .
What he did for his countrymen was clearly of no concern to the Bush planners .
Yushchenko almost succeeded but for the ill - conceived adventure of Georgia 's hand - picked Rose Revolution President , Mikhail Saakashvili in August 2008 , sending troops to reclaim the seccessionist region of South Ossetia and Abkhazia for Georgia just weeks before NATO ministers would vote on Ukrainian and Georgian NATO membership .
The swift Russian military response in stopping the Georgian attack and routing Saakashvili 's rag - tag forces also stopped dead any chance that Germany or other NATO countries would OK NATO membership , and with it the pledge to come to the defense of either Georgia or Ukraine in a war against Russia . [ 6 ]
Significance of the Orange Revolution
The " revolution " that swept Viktor Yushchenko into power on a wave of US dollars and support from US - backed NGO's , was initially conceived at the Washington - financed RAND corporation .
RAND had studied the swarming pattern of bees and similar phenomena , and applied these to modern mobile communication , text messaging and civil protest as tactics for regime change and covert warfare . [ 7 ]
As I describe in some detail in my book , Full Spectrum Dominance : Totalitarian Democracy in the New World Order , the transformation of Ukraine from independent former Russian republic to a pro-NATO US satellite was accomplished by the so - called ‘ Orange Revolution ’ in 2004 .
It was overseen by John Herbst , appointed US Ambassador to Ukraine in May 2003 , just months before the events were set off .
As the US State Department euphemistically described his activities :
During his tenure , he worked to enhance US - Ukrainian relations and to help ensure the conduct of a fair Ukrainian presidential election .
In Kiev , he witnessed the Orange Revolution .
Prior to that , Ambassador John Herbst was the US Ambassador to Uzbekistan , where he played a critical role in the establishment of an American base to help conduct Operation Enduring Freedom in Afghanistan . [
8 ]
The man Washington decided to back in its orchestrated regime change in Ukraine was Viktor Yushchenko , a fifty - year old former Governor of Ukraine ’s Central Bank who had been the point man in Ukraine for the savage IMF " shock therapy " deindustrialization of the country during the 1990's .
Yushchenko's IMF program had devastating consequences for his countrymen .
Under his 1994 IMF program , Ukraine was forced to abandon exchange controls and let the currency fall .
He oversaw the currency demands as head of the central bank , which within days saw the price of bread increase by 300 % , electricity prices by 600 % , public transportation by 900 % .
By 1998 Ukrainian real wages had fallen by 75 % compared with 1991 when the country declared independence .
He was clearly Washington 's man for what they wanted to do in Ukraine . [ 9 ]
Yushchenko’s wife Kateryna , an American citizen born in Chicago , had been an official in both the Reagan and George H.W. Bush administrations , and in the US State Department .
She had come to Ukraine as a representative of the US - Ukraine Foundation whose Board of Directors included Grover Norquist , one of the most influential conservative Republicans in Washington .
Norquist had been called ‘ the managing director of the hard - core right , and was a key political figure behind the consolidation of right - wing organizations in support of the George W. Bush Presidency . [ 10 ]
The central focus of Yushchenko ’s slick campaign for President was to advocate membership for Ukraine in NATO and the European Union .
His campaign used huge quantities of orange colored banners , flags , posters , balloons and other props , leading the media inevitably to dub it the ‘ Orange Revolution . ’
Washington funded ‘ pro- democracy ’ youth groups to play a particularly significant role organizing huge street demonstrations that helped him win the re-run of a disputed election .
In Ukraine the pro-Yushchenko movement worked under the slogan Pora ( ‘ It 's Time ’ ) and they brought in people who had helped organize the ‘ Rose Revolution ’ in Georgia : Chair of Georgia ’s Parliamentary Committee on Defense and Security , Givi Targamadze ; former member of the Georgian Liberty Institute ; and Georgia ’s youth group , Kmara .
The Ukrainian opposition leaders consulted the Georgians on techniques of non-violent struggle .
Georgian rock bands Zumba , Soft Eject and Green Room , which had supported the ‘ Rose Revolution , ’ now organized a solidarity concert in Kiev to support Yushchenko ’s 2004 campaign . [ 11 ]
A Washington - based PR firm called Rock Creek Creative also played a significant role in branding the Orange Revolution by developing a pro-Yushchenko website around the orange logo and its carefully - staged color theme . [ 12 ]
When Yushchenko lost the 2004 election to Viktor Yanukovych , several elements worked in concert to create an aura of fraud around the results , and to mobilize popular support for a new run-off .
Using the Pora and other youth groups , especially election monitors , in coordination with key western media such as CNN and BBC , a second election was organized that allowed Yushchenko to squeak out a narrow margin of victory in January 2005 and declare himself President .
The US State Department reportedly spent some $ 20 million to secure a US - friendly outcome in the Ukraine Presidency . [ 13 ]
The same US Government - backed NGOs that had been in Georgia produced the results in Ukraine : the George Soros ’ Open Society Institute , Freedom House ( whose head at the time was former CIA Director James Woolsey ) , the National Endowment for Democracy and its subsidiaries , the National Republican Institute and the National Democratic Institute .
According to Ukrainian reports , the US - based NGOs , along with the conservative US - Ukraine Foundation , were active across Ukraine , feeding the protest movement of Pora and Znayu , and training the crucial poll watchers . [ 14 ]
President Viktor Yushchenko , Washington 's man in Kiev , moved immediately to disrupt economic links to Russia , including shutting off Russian natural gas into western Europe via Ukrainian transit pipelines .
This move was used by Washington to try to convince EU countries , especially Germany , that Russia was an " unreliable partner . "
Some 80 % of Russia 's gas was exported via Ukrainian pipelines that had been built during the Soviet Union era when the two countries were one economic and political entity . [ 15 ]
Yushchenko also worked closely with US - backed President Mikhail Saakashvili , Washington 's man in neighboring Georgia .
The final result of the 2010 Ukrainian elections was an overwhelming rejection by voters of Yushchenko , the “ hero ” of the Orange Revolution , who received barely 5 % of the vote .
After five years of economic and political chaos , Ukrainians clearly want some kind of stability .
Opinion polls in Ukraine show a majority opposed to joining NATO .
Western media depictions of incoming Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych as some kind of Moscow puppet , however , appear wide of the mark ; his major industrial backers want harmonious economic relations with the European Union as well as with Russia .
Yanukovych announced that his first official trip abroad will not be to Moscow but rather to Brussels to meet with leading EU officials .
After that , he will immediately fly to Moscow , where President Medvedev has signalled anticipation of improved cooperation by re-instating Russia ’s Ambassador to Kiev after months of political tensions between Yushchenko and Moscow had put the appointment on hold .
Most significantly , however , and contrary to his predecessor ’s relentless attempts to pull Ukraine into NATO on Washington ’s urgings , Yanukovych announced he would not meet with NATO officials in Brussels .
In interviews with Ukrainian media , Yanukovych has clearly stated that he will not try to bring Ukraine into either the EU or , most importantly for Moscow , into NATO .
Yanukovych has pledged to focus instead on Ukraine ’s economic crisis and political corruption .
Regarding Moscow , he has added that he will welcome Russia into a consortium that would jointly operate Ukraine 's natural gas pipeline network , restoring influence that Yushchenko and his highly ambitious Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko tried to cancel .
Another important signal not welcomed in NATO circles was his announcement that he would extend Russia 's strategically vital lease on the naval base at the Ukrainian port of Sevastopol due to expire in 2017 . [ 16 ]
Russia ’s new Geopolitical Calculus
It ’s clear that Yanukovych ’s bitter election opponent , Orange Revolution veteran and former Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko , has bitterly opposed Yanukovych ’s policy , at the very least because she is fighting for her political ambitions and is known to be a sore loser .
After her challenge to the February election results failed in Ukrainian courts , she announced she would use her parliamentary coalition to block Yanukovych .
Under normal procedures , she should have resigned as Prime Minister after the Yanukovych victory ( by a margin of one million votes ) was certified , as President - elect Yanukovych asked on February 10 .
She refused .
She was supported as the preferred Presidential candidate by Germany ’s Angela Merkel and other EU leaders . [ 17 ]
The Yanukovych victory was backed by some of the country ’s most powerful business oligarchs including Ukraine ’s richest man , steel and football billionaire , Rinat Akhmetov .
Like Yanukovych , he comes from the east steel region of Ukraine .
Also backing Yanukovych was Dmitry Firtash , a gas trading billionaire , who owns Rosukrenergo jointly with Gazprom of Russia , and whose trading business was cut last year by Prime Minister Tymoshenko .
The Ukrainian Parliament delivered a vote of no confidence on March 3 against the sitting government of Prime Minister Tymoshenko , by a majority of 243 out of 450 .
This was the death knell for Tymoshenko ’s faction of the 2004 Orange Revolution and it opens up the possibility of finally breaking a political stalemate among Ukraine ’s political factions that has existed since shortly after the 2004 Orange Revolution .
The ball is now clearly in Yanukovych ’s court . [ 18 ]
In the late 1990 ’s before she co-led the Orange Revolution , Yulia Tymoshenko was president of Ukraine ’s United Energy Systems , a privately - owned importer of Russian natural gas into Ukraine .
She was accused by Moscow of illegally reselling enormous quantities of stolen Russian gas and avoiding tax on the sales during the late 1990s , whence she got the nickname in Ukraine as “ gas princess . ”
She was also accused of having given her political patron , former Prime Minister Pavlo Lazarenko , kickbacks in exchange for her company 's stranglehold on the country 's gas supplies . [ 19 ]
Lazarenko was sentenced to prison in California for extortion , money laundering , fraud and conspiracy and was accused of murder in the Ukraine . [ 20 ]
Assuming that Yanukovych is now able to proceed with stabilizing the country along the neutral lines noted following the defeat of the Tymoshenko government , Moscow gains a major shift in the political tectonic plates that comprise the Eurasian Heartland , even with a strictly neutral Ukraine .
First , the strategic military encirclement of Russia -- via NATO ’s attempted recruitment of Ukraine and Georgia -- is now clearly blocked and off the table .
Russia ’s access to the Black Sea via Ukraine ’s Crimea appears assured as well .
In effect , the neutralization of Ukraine knocks a huge hole in Washington ’s strategy of total encirclement of Russia .
It breaks a geographic crescent of NATO or prospective NATO states stretching from Poland to Ukraine to Georgia on the periphery of Russia and her closely allied Belarus .
Belarus President Alexander Lukashenko successfully resisted a similar Ukraine - style Rose Revolution , warding off strong US State Department funding of anti-Lukashenko NGO ’s in the country .
Belarus remains a centrally planned economy to a large extent , to the irritation of the free market Western governments , especially Washington .
Belarus is economically tied to Russia , which accounts for half of its trade and it has no plans to enter NATO or the EU . [ 21 ]
This altered geopolitical configuration in central Eurasia after the defeat of the Orange Revolution gives a strong boost now to Russia ’s long - term energy strategy — a strategy that we might call Russia ’s North - South - East - West Strategy .
Part II : Russia ’s New Geopolitical Energy Calculus
Russia ’s North - South - East - West energy strategy
The defusing of major Washington military threats is far from the only gain for Moscow in having a neutral but stable Ukrainian neighbor .
Russia now vastly improves its ability to expand the one great power lever it has , outside of its remaining and still formidable nuclear strike force .
That lever is to counter Washington ’s relentless military pressure by cleverly using export of the world ’s largest reserves of natural gas , a fuel much in demand in Western Europe and even in UK where North Sea fields are in decline .
According to west European industry estimates , demand within the European Union countries for natural gas , especially for use in electric power generation where it is seen as a clean and very efficient fuel , is estimated to rise some 40 % from today ’s levels over the next twenty years .
That increase in gas demand will coincide with a decline in current gas output from fields in the UK , Netherlands and elsewhere in the EU .
With Ukraine ’s shift from hostile opposition to Moscow to what Yanukovych terms ‘ non- aligned ’ neutrality -- with an early emphasis on stabilizing Russian - Ukrainian gas geopolitics --
Moscow suddenly holds a far stronger array of economic options with which to neutralize Washington ’s game of military and economic encirclement .
When Yushchenko and Georgia 's Saakashvili took the reins of power in their respective countries and began taking steps with Washington to join NATO , one of the few means available for Putin ’s Russia to re-establish some semblance of economic security was its energy card .
Russia has by far the world 's largest known reserves of natural gas .
Interestingly , according to US Department of Energy estimates , the second largest gas reserves are in Iran , a country also high on Washington 's target list .
Today , Russia is clearly pursuing a fascinating , highly complex multi-pronged energy strategy .
In effect it is using its energy as a diplomatic and political lever to ‘ win friends and influence ( EU ) people . ’
Putin ’s successor as President , Dmitry Medvedev , is well suited to the role of overseeing gas pipeline geopolitics .
Before becoming Russian President , he had been chairman of the state - owned Gazprom .
High - stakes Eurasian chess game
In a sense , the Eurasian land area today resembles a geopolitical game of three - dimensional chess between Russia , the European Union member countries , and Washington .
The stakes of the game are a matter of life and death for Russia as a functioning nation , something clearly Medvedev and Putin well realize at this point .
US attempts at the military encirclement of Russia included not only the Rose and Orange Revolutions in 2003 and 2004 , but also the highly provocative Pentagon missile ‘ defense ’ policy of placing US - controlled ( not NATO - controlled ) missiles in key former Warsaw Pact countries on Russia ’s direct perimeter .
As a result , Moscow has developed a remarkable and complex energy pipeline strategy to undercut a clearly hostile US military strategy that has used NATO encirclement , missile deployments , and ‘ color revolutions , ’ including the attempted destabilization of Iran during summer 2009 with a ‘ Green Revolution ’ or what Hillary Clinton flippantly dubbed the ‘ Twitter Revolution . ’
All of these US moves have attempted to isolate Russia and weaken her potential strategic allies across Eurasia .
For Russia , which recently surpassed Saudi Arabia as the world ’s largest oil producer and exporter , sales of its natural gas abroad has a significant advantage in that Moscow is better able to control the price and market of gas .
Unlike oil , whose price is tightly controlled by a cartel of Big Oil ( and their Wall Street co-conspirators such as Goldman Sachs , Morgan Stanley , JP Morgan Chase ) , natural gas is far more difficult for Wall Street to manipulate on a short - term speculative basis as with oil .
Because gas , unlike oil , is dependent on construction of costly pipelines or LNG tankers and LNG port terminals , it tends to have a price fixed by bilateral long - term agreements between buyer and seller .
That gives Moscow a degree of protection against events such as the brazen Wall Street manipulation of oil prices in 2008 - 2009 from a record high of $ 147 a barrel down to below $ 30 only months later , manipulations which devastated Moscow ’s oil earnings at just the time the global financial crisis cut off credit to Russian banks and companies .
With Yanukovych now President in Ukraine , the way appears clear for a rational gas supply and transit contract from Russia ’s Gazprom to and through Ukraine , and continuing on to western Europe .
Fully half of Ukraine ’s domestic energy comes from natural gas and the overwhelming bulk of that gas , some 75 % , comes from Russia .
At this point it seems a stable settlement has been reached between the Russian and Ukrainian governments on pricing for imported Russian gas .
As of January 2010 Ukraine has agreed to pay prices close to western European levels for its gas , and at the same time she will get significantly higher transit fees from Russia ’s state - owned Gazprom for transporting Russian gas through to western Europe .
Some 80 % of Russian gas exports went through Ukraine up until now .
That ’s about to change dramatically however , with the implementation of Russia ’s long - term pipeline strategy , a strategy designed to make Russia less vulnerable to future political shifts such as the 2004 Ukraine Orange Revolution .
After the 2004 Ukraine Orange Revolution , Moscow ’s western pipeline strategy until now has been to bypass both Ukraine and Poland through construction of an underwater gas pipeline , Nord Stream , running from Russia directly to Germany .
Poland ’s Foreign Minister Radek Sikorski is a Washington trained neo-conservative .
As the previous Defense Minister , he played a central role in Poland ’s missile defense agreement with Washington .
Sikorski’s Poland today is bound closely to NATO , including agreeing to Washington ’s militarily provocative missile deployment policies , and he is trying at every turn , so far unsuccessfully , to block construction of Nord Stream .
Nord Stream was especially vital for Russia when it looked possible that Washington might succeed in pulling Ukraine into NATO after the Orange Revolution .
Today the alternative Baltic Sea pipeline assumes a different importance for Russia .
The Nord Stream gas pipeline from Russia ’s port of Vyborg near St. Petersburg to Greifswald in northern Germany , goes beneath the Baltic Sea in international waters , completely bypassing both Ukraine and Poland .
When Nord Stream was announced as a joint venture between two major German gas companies , E.ON and BASF with Russia ’s Gazprom , and with former German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder as board member , Sikorski , then Poland 's Defense Minister , compared the German - Russian gas deal to the Molotov - Ribbentrop pact -- the 1939 pact between Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union which divided Poland between the two .
Sikorski ’s logic was not so precise but his emotional imagery was .
In late 2009 Sweden and Finland joined Denmark in finally granting passage rights through their portion of the Baltic Sea for the pipeline .
Construction of the multi-billion dollar project is due to begin this April and gas deliveries are to begin in 2011 .
When a second parallel pipeline , due to start construction in 2011 , is completed , Nord Stream anticipates a full capacity of 55 billion cubic meters of gas a year , enough to fuel 25 million households in Europe , according to the Nord Stream website .
With Nord Stream ’s primary gas route directly from Russia to its major clients in Germany , along with a stable transit agreement through Ukraine , the likelihood of a disrupted supply of Gazprom deliveries to northern Europe becomes remote .
Nord Stream will allow Moscow ’s Gazprom to use a more flexible gas diplomacy and to greatly lessen future vulnerability to transit country supply disruptions such as it has had in recent years from a hostile Ukraine .
At the end of 2009 in Minsk , just as Nord Stream was clearing the final political hurdles , Russian President Dmitry Medvedev met with Belarus officials .
Medvedev said that Russia was considering a second leg of its large Yamal - Europe gas pipeline through Belarus if future demand from western Europe warranted , stating , “ I think the more possibilities there are for Russian gas supplies to Europe , the better it will be for both Europe and Russia . ”
In addition , in a notable geopolitical shift , the UK has just signed a long - term contract with Gazprom to import gas via the Nord Stream to meet more than 4 % of UK gas demand by 2012 , as Britain shifts from being a gas exporter to a gas importer .
Presently , in addition to the UK and Germany , Gazprom now has contracts to supply Denmark , The Netherlands , Belgium and France , making it a major new factor on the EU energy supply market .
The Russia - Turkey South Stream Pipeline Strategy
Meanwhile , Washington , bitterly opposed to Nord Stream , attempted unsuccessfully to block it by proxy through back - door support for Poland and other EU opposition .
In a second major front in what could be called the Russia - USA pipeline wars , the US has initiated competing proposals to build gas pipelines to serve the countries of southern and southeastern Europe .
Here Washington is openly backing what is called the Nabucco pipeline project .
Moscow is promoting what it calls its South Stream project , the southern Eurasian sister to the Nord Stream in the north of Europe .
On December 12 , 2009 the government of Bulgaria , a former Warsaw Pact member now in NATO and the EU , announced that it would participate in Moscow ’s South Stream project despite considerable pressure from Washington .
In June 2007 , Gazprom and Italy ’s ENI concern signed a Memorandum of Understanding for the South Stream project to design , finance , construct and manage the South Stream .
ENI , Italy ’s largest industrial company , created in the 1950 ’s by Italy ’s legendary Enrico Mattei , is also partly state - owned and has been involved in the Russian gas business since the early 1970’s .
South Stream ’s offshore section is to run under the Black Sea from the Russian coast to the Bulgarian coast , a length of around 550 miles at a maximum depth over two kilometers and have a full capacity of 63 billion cubic meters , even larger than Nord Stream .
From Bulgaria , South Stream will split into two arms , the northern section stretching to Romania , Hungary , the Czech Republic and Austria and the southern arm going through Bulgaria to southern Italy .
The new pipeline is expected to become operational in 2013 .
Gazprom has an agreement to provide Italy with gas until 2035 and South Stream will be the main vehicle for that .
South Stream AG , the 50 - 50 Gazprom - ENI joint venture is registered in Switzerland .
To date Gazprom has signed transit agreements for the pipeline with the Republic of Serbia and Greece and Hungary .
In January 2008 , Gazprom bought 51 % of the Serbian state oil monopoly NIS to secure its presence there .
An indication of the pressure that Washington has put on Bulgaria over its participation in Russia ’s South Stream is that Bulgaria also signed up to take part in the Nabucco project in December 2009 .
Commenting on the dual signings , Bulgaria ’s Prime Minister Boyko Borisov told the press , “ Nabucco is a priority of the European Union while the Russian South Stream is moving forward very quickly and many European countries are joining it almost daily . ”
On March 3 , 2010 the new Croatian government of Prime Minister Jadranka Kosor signed an agreement in Moscow with Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin allowing the pipeline to pass through Croatian territory , setting up a 50 - 50 joint venture to realize the construction .
Kosor said that the agreement ‘ On the Construction and Exploitation of a Gas Pipeline on Croatian Territory ’ creates a legal basis for Croatia 's involvement in South Stream , allowing the parties to set up a 50/50 joint venture .
Two days later , in what seemed a snowballing enthusiasm for Gazprom ’s project , the Bosnian Serb Republic announced that it , too , will join the South Stream gas pipeline project .
It proposes to build a 480 km pipeline in northern Bosnia and link it to the South Stream pipeline , bringing the total number of participating countries that have signed deals with Gazprom to seven .
In addition to Serb Bosnia , Gazprom ’s partners now include Bulgaria , Hungary , Greece , Serbia , Croatia and Slovenia .
It almost retraces the Balkan route of the controversial Berlin - to - Baghdad railway that played such a decisive geopolitical role in British machinations that ultimately led to World War I following the assassination of the Austro - Hungarian heir to the throne , Archduke Francis Ferdinand .
The central issue for the two competing pipeline projects , South Stream and Nabucco , is not who will buy their gas .
As noted , natural gas demand across Europe is expected to rise dramatically in coming years .
Rather it ’s the question of where the gas will come from to fill the pipeline .
Here Moscow now clearly holds the trump cards .
In addition to gas directly from Russia ’s gas fields , a major component of South Stream gas is to come from Turkmenistan and from Azerbaijan and possibly at some point from Iran .
In December 2009 Russian President Dmitry Medvedev went to Turkmenistan to sign major agreements on energy cooperation .
Until the breakup of the Soviet Union in 1991 , Turkmenistan was a republic of the Soviet Union , the Turkmen Soviet Socialist Republic , Turkmen SSR .
It is bordered by Afghanistan to the southeast , Iran to the south and southwest , Uzbekistan to the east and northeast , Kazakhstan to the north and northwest and the Caspian Sea to the west .
Russia ’s Gazprom until now has been the dominant economic partner of the country , which has newly confirmed huge gas reserves .
Turkmen gas has been vital for the supply chain of Gazprom and dates back to the era when Turkmenistan was an integral part of the Soviet Union and the Soviet economic infrastructure .
When ’ President for Life , ’ Saparmurat Niyazov , known as ‘ Türkmenbaşy ’ or ‘ leader of the Turkmens , ’ died unexpectedly in December 2006 , Washington began entertaining hopes of weaning the new President , Gurbanguly Berdimuhamedow , away from Russia and into the US orbit .
To date they have met with little success .
The Medvedev-Berdimuhamedow December agreements included new agreements for Turkmen long - term gas supplies to Gazprom which will fill the South Stream pipeline either directly or by replacing Russian gas to the same -- meaning Nabucco is left out in the cold there .
Nabucco high and dry ...
The active pipeline diplomacy of Russia and Gazprom in recent months has dealt a devastating blow to Washington ’s favored alternative , Nabucco , which is planned to run from the Caspian region and Middle East via Turkey , Bulgaria , Romania , Hungary with Austria and further on to Central and Western European gas markets , some 3,300 km , starting at the Georgian - Turkish and / or Iranian - Turkish border .
End station would be Baumgarten in Austria .
The project is parallel to the existing US - backed Baku - Tbilisi - Erzurum oil pipeline and could transport 20 billion cubic meters of gas a year .
Two - thirds of the pipeline would pass through Turkish territory .
Following a two day visit to Ankara in April 2009 , US President Obama appeared to have won a major victory for Nabucco when Turkey ’s President Erdogan agreed to sign on to the project in July 2009 , after several years of delay .
Nabucco is an integral part of a US strategy of total energy control over both the EU and all Eurasia .
It explicitly has been conceived to run entirely independent of Russian territory and is aimed at weakening the energy ties between Russia and Western Europe .
Those energy ties were considered a significant reason why the German government along with France refused to back Washington ’s push to bring Ukraine and Georgia into NATO .
Today the future of Nabucco is in grave doubt .
The problem is that Russia ’s Gazprom has all but locked up long - term gas contracts with all the potential suppliers of gas for Nabucco , leaving Nabucco high and dry .
Thus , Azerbaijan , Uzbekistan , Turkmenistan , Iran and Iraq are being touted as potential suppliers to Nabucco .
Until now the main gas supply for Nabucco should be Azerbaijan , the source of large oil reserves captured by a BP - led Anglo - American consortium bringing Baku oil from the Caspian Sea to the west , independent of Russia .
That Baku - Tbilisi -Ceyhan oil pipeline was a major reason Washington backed the 2004 Georgian ‘ Rose Revolution ’ that put dictator Mikhail Saakashvili into power .
In July 2009 Russia ’s Medvedev and Gazprom CEO Alexei Miller went to Baku and signed a long - term contract to buy all the gas from the Azeri Shah Deniz - 2 offshore field , the same field Nabucco hopes to tap for its pipeline .
Azerbaijan ’s President Aliyev seems to be playing a cat - and - mouse game with both Russia and EU - Washington , to play one off against the other for the highest price .
Gazprom agreed to pay an unusually high price of $ 350 per thousand cubic meters for their Shah Deniz gas , a clear political not economic decision by Moscow that owns controlling interest in Gazprom .
In early January 2010 , the Azeri government also announced sale of a portion of its gas to neighboring Iran , another blow to Nabucco supply .
All potential gas suppliers to the US - backed Nabucco pipeline to the EU are in doubt as Moscow outflanks USA
Even were Azerbaijan to agree to sell gas and Nabucco to buy it on competitive terms to Gazprom , industry sources say the Azeri gas alone would not suffice to fill the pipeline .
Where could the remaining gas come from ?
One possible answer is Iraq ; the second is Iran .
Both would entail huge geopolitical problems for Washington , to put it mildly .
Currently , even a minimal agreement between Turkey and Azerbaijan for delivery of Azeri gas to Nabucco is in serious doubt .
Despite the highly publicized Turkish government decision in 2009 to finally join Nabucco , the vital talks between Turkey and the Azeri government remain stalemated .
Despite repeated interventions from US Special Envoy on Eurasian Energy Richard Morningstar to force a final deal , talks remain deadlocked as of this writing .
Adding to the woes of Washington ’s Nabucco dreams , one of the key partners of the Nabucco , Austria ’s OMV , told the Dow Jones wire service at the end of January that the Nabucco pipeline would not be built if demand is too low .
In terms of other options being proposed by some in Washington , for Iraqi gas to flow into Nabucco it would have to go through the Kurdish regions of both Iraq and of Turkey , giving the Kurdish minorities a potential major new revenue source , something not so very welcome in Istanbul .
Iran as a potential gas source is at present not in the Washington calculus because of the tensions over Iranian nuclear plans , but more because of Iran ’s enormous influence over the future of Iraq , where they exercise significant influence on the majority Shi’ite population there .
Uzbekistan and Turkmenistan , though both have significant natural gas reserves , are even more politically and geographically unlikely as sources of gas for essentially an anti-Russian project .
Their distance would mean skyrocketing costs , pricing it far above gas from Gazprom ’s South Stream .
In a true exercise of Byzantine diplomacy , Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan invited both Russia and Iran to join the Nabucco project .
According to RIA Novosti , Erdogan stated , “ We want Iran to join the project when conditions will allow , and also hope for Russia ’s participation in it . ”
Then , just weeks after a formal signing of the Nabucco agreement with the US , during Putin 's visit to Ankara in August 2009 , Turkey granted Russia 's state - run natural - gas monopoly Gazprom use of its territorial waters in the Black Sea , where Moscow wants to route its South Stream pipeline to deliver gas to Eastern and Southern Europe .
In exchange , Gazprom agreed to build a pipeline across Turkey from the Black Sea to the Mediterranean .
In early January 2010 , the Turkish government furthered its growing ties with Russia during a two day visit to Moscow by Prime Minister Erdogan during which energy and the South Caucasus were discussed .
Washington ’s Radio Liberty calls it a “ new strategic alliance “ between the once - bitter Cold War rivals .
Significantly , Turkey is also in NATO .
This is no passing fad .
Press in both countries speak openly of a Russo - Turkish “ strategic partnership . “
Today Turkey is Russia ’s largest market for export of Russian oil and gas combined .
As well the two countries are discussing plans for Russia to build Turkey ’s first nuclear power plant to meet Turkey ’s electricity demand .
Bilateral Turkish - Russian trade last year reached $ 38 billion making Russia Turkey ’s largest trade partner .
The figure is expected to grow some 300 % over the next five years , creating a solid and expanding pro-Russia trade lobby in Turkey .
The two countries are in detailed negotiation over some $ 30 billion in new trade agreements , including Turkey ’s nuclear power plant , as well as the South Stream , Blue Stream Turkish - Russian gas pipelines and a Samsun - Ceyhan oil pipeline from Russia to Turkey ’s Mediterranean coast .
Indicating how many land mines could explode in the face of Nabucco ’s backers , especially in Washington , the Turkish parliament on March 4 , 2010 approved a bill on the construction of the Nabucco pipeline .
But the same day the US House of Representatives Foreign Affairs Committee passed a non-binding resolution calling the World War I -era killing of Armenians genocide .
The vote led to the immediate recall of Turkey ’s Ambassador to Washington as a protest , and will possibly lead to even closer cooperation between Moscow and Ankara on matters of mutual interest , including South Stream .
The European Union has just approved a $ 3 billion general economic stimulus that includes $ 273 million for Nabucco .
At an estimated final cost of $ 11 billion , that is hardly convincing support for Nabucco .
Moreover , the money is being frozen until a final go - ahead for Nabucco is clear , indicating that the countries of the EU are hardly as eager as Washington to back the risky Nabucco counter to Moscow ’s South Stream .
The EU has said if there is no firm agreement between Nabucco backers and Turkmenistan for gas supply within six months , the money will be used for other projects .
The combination of neutralizing the threat of Ukraine in NATO , starting construction of the strategically important Nord Stream Russian pipeline to Germany and westwards , and Russia advancing its South Stream gas pipeline plans has effectively rendered Washington ’s Nabucco pipeline counter - strategy impotent .
These developments ensure that Russia ’s role as Europe ’s largest energy supplier is secure .
In recent years Russia has grown to become the source for almost 30 % of EU oil imports and by far the largest share of its natural gas .
That has enormous strategic geopolitical significance , a point not missed in Washington .
However , with its role in Europe seemingly shored up and the Orange Revolution de facto rolled back , Russia ’s policymakers are increasingly turning to the east and the energy demands of its cooperation partner and former Cold War foe , China .
Moscow Goes East
At the end of 2009 , precisely as planned and to the surprise of Washington , Russia opened the East Siberia - Pacific Ocean ( ESPO ) oil pipeline , a four - year construction project costing some $ 14 billion .
The pipeline now allows Russia to export oil directly from its East Siberia fields to China as well as South Korea and Japan , a major step in closer economic integration between especially Russia and China .
The pipe now runs to Skovorodino just north of the Chinese border on the Bolshoy Never River .
From here at present the oil is loaded onto rail tank cars for transport to the Pacific port of Kozmino near Vladivostok .
The port alone cost $ 2 billion to build , has capacity to handle 300,000 barrels of crude per day , with oil quality comparable to that of Middle Eastern oil blends now dominating the market .
Transneft , the Russian state pipeline monopoly , spent another $ 12 billion to lay the 2,700 - km ESPO pipeline through east Siberian wilderness , to connect the area 's various oil fields being developed by Russian oil majors Rosneft , TNK - BP and Surgutneftegaz .
The final link of pipeline to the port of Kozmino is due to be completed in 2014 , costing an added $ 10 billion and resulting in a pipeline almost 4800 kilometers long , a distance greater than from Los Angeles to New York .
Moscow and Beijing have also agreed to build a spur pipeline from Skovorodino to Daqing in China ’s Heilongjiang province in northeastern China , the center of its energy and petrochemical industry and site of China ’s largest oilfield .
When completed , the pipeline will carry eastward an annual 80 mm tons of oil from Siberia , including 15 mm tons to China through an additional spur .
An indication of the priority that energy - hungry China places on Russian oil , China has loaned $ 25 billion to Russia in exchange for oil deliveries over the next two decades .
In February 2009 , when world oil prices dropped to $ 25 a barrel from a record high $ 147 some six months before , Russian oil giant Rosneft and pipeline operator Transneft were on the brink of collapse .
Beijing , in a deft and swift move to insure future oil from Russia ’s East Siberia fields , stepped in and through the state - owned Chinese Development Bank offered loans to Rosneft and Transneft of $ 10 billion and $ 15 billion respectively , a $ 25 billion dollar investment to accelerate the construction of the pacific pipeline .
For its part , Russia agreed to develop further new fields , build the ESPO leg for Daqing from Skorovodino to the Chinese border , a distance of some 43 miles , and supply China with at least 300,000 barrels of highly in - demand sweet or low sulfur crude oil per day .
Beyond the Russian border , in the Chinese interior , Beijing will construct a domestic pipeline approximately 600 miles long to Daqing .
The Chinese loan was made at 6 % interest and would require Russian oil be sold to China for $ 22 per barrel .
Today the average international oil price has recovered to some $ 80 a barrel , meaning China has locked in a golden prize .
Rather than renege on the price deal , Moscow has clearly decided the strategic advantages of the China link outweigh possible revenue loss .
It retains price control over the rest of the oil flowing through the ESPO pipeline on to the Pacific for other Asian markets .
Whereas the energy markets of Western Europe pose a relatively stagnant demand prospect , those of China and Asia are booming .
Moscow is making a major shift eastwards in light of that fact .
At the end of 2009 , the Russian government released a comprehensive energy report entitled “ Energy Blueprint for 2030 . ”
It calls for substantial domestic investment in the East Siberian fields , and speaks of a shift in oil exports toward Northeast Asia , with the share of the Asia Pacific region in Russian exports growing from 8 % in 2008 to 25 % over the next years .
That will have significant political consequences for both Russia and Asia , especially China .
China passed Japan several years ago to become the world ’s second major oil importing nation after the United States .
The issue of Chinese energy security is of such paramount importance for China that Prime Minister Wen Jaibao has just been named to head a cross-ministry National Energy Council to coordinate all issues of China ’s energy policy .
Russian begins LNG deliveries for Asia
A few months before the completion of the ESPO oil pipeline to the Pacific , Russia began its first ever deliveries of Liquified Natural Gas ( LNG ) from the Gazprom - led Sakhalin - II project , a joint venture that includes Japan ’s Mitsui and Mitsubishi as well as the Anglo - Dutch Shell .
For Russia the project will give her invaluable experience in the rapidly expanding global LNG market , a market not dependent on fixed long - term pipeline construction .
China has also made forays into other countries in the former Soviet Union area to secure its energy needs .
Late in 2009 the first stage of a pipeline , known variously as the Central Asia–China Gas Pipeline or the Turkmenistan–China Gas Pipeline , was completed .
It brings natural gas from Turkmenistan across Uzbekistan to southern Kazakhstan parallel to the existing Bukhara - Tashkent - Bishkek - Almaty pipeline .
Within China , the pipeline connects with the existing West - East Gas Pipeline that crosses China and supplies cities as far as Shanghai and Hong Kong .
Some 13 billion cubic meters ( bcm ) are supposed to go through the pipeline in 2010 , increasing to over 40 bcm by 2013 .
Ultimately the pipeline could supply more than half of China ’s current natural gas consumption .
It marked the first pipeline to bring Central Asian natural gas to China .
The pipeline from Turkmenistan will be connected to a branch line from western Kazakhstan , scheduled to open in 2011 and which will supply natural gas from several Kazakh fields to Alashankou in China ’s Xinjiang Province .
Little wonder that Chinese authorities were none too pleased with ethnic Uighur riots in July of 2009 , which the Chinese government claimed was instigated by the Washington - based World Uyghur Congress ( WUC ) and its leader Rebiya Kadeer , who reportedly has close ties to the US Congress ’ regime - change NGO , the National Endowment for Democracy .
Xinjiang is becoming ever more strategically important to future Chinese energy flows .
Far from a threat to Russia ’s energy strategy as some western commentators claim , the Turkmen - China gas pipeline in effect serves to deepen the economic ties within the countries of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization , SCO , at the same time it locks up for China a major portion of Turkmen gas that might have gone to the floundering Nabucco pipeline favored by Washington .
That can only be to the geopolitical advantage of Russia which would lose a major economic influence were Nabucco to succeed .
The SCO , founded in 2001 in Shanghai by the heads of state of China , Kazakhstan , Kyrgyzstan , Russia , Tajikistan , and Uzbekistan , has evolved into what might be called Halford Mackinder ’s worst nightmare — a vehicle for welding close economic and political cooperation of the key Eurasian land powers independently of the United States .
In his widely - publicized 1997 book , The Grand Chessboard , former US National Security Adviser Zbigniew Brzezinski bluntly stated , “ It is imperative that no Eurasian challenger emerges capable of dominating Eurasia and thus of also challenging America .
The formulation of a comprehensive and integrated Eurasian geostrategy is therefore the purpose of this book . ”
He added the warning , “ Henceforth , the United States may have to determine how to cope with regional coalitions that seek to push America out of Eurasia , thereby threatening America 's status as a global power . ”
In the wake of the events of September 2001 , events which many Russian intelligence experts doubted to be the work of a rag - tag band of Muslim Al Qaeda fanatics , the SCO has begun to take the character of the very threat that Brzezinski , a student of Mackinder , warned of .
In a recent interview on The Real News , Brzezinski also bemoaned the lack of any coherent Eurasian strategy , notably in Afghanistan and Pakistan , on the part of the Obama Administration .
Russia also moves North to the Arctic Circle
Completing Russia ’s new geopolitical energy strategy , the remaining move is to the north , in the direction above the Arctic Circle .
In August 2007 , then - Russian President Vladimir Putin caught the notice of NATO and Washington when he announced that two Russian submarines had symbolically planted the Russian flag at a depth of over 4 kilometers on the Arctic Ocean floor , laying claim to the seabed resources .
Then in March 2009 Russia announced that it would establish military bases along the northern coastline .
New US NATO Supreme Commander Admiral James Stavridis expressed concern that Russian presence in the Arctic could pose serious problems for NATO .
In April 2009 , the state - owned Russian news service RIA Novosti reported that the Russian Security Council had published an official policy paper on its
Web site titled , " The fundamentals of Russian state policy in the Arctic up to 2020 and beyond . "
The paper described the principles guiding Russian policy in the arctic , saying it would involve establishing significant Russian army , border and coastal guard forces there " to guarantee Russia 's military security in diverse military and political circumstances , " according to the report .
In addition to staking claim to some of the world ’s largest untapped oil and gas resources , Russia is clearly moving to pre-empt a further US expansion of its misleadingly named missile ‘ defense ’ to the Arctic Circle in echoes of the old Cold War era .
Last September Dmitry Rogozin , Russia 's envoy to NATO , told Vesti 24 television channel that the Northern Sea Route through the Arctic might provide the United States with an effective theater to position shipboard missile defenses to counter Russian weapons .
His remarks followed the announcement by US President Barack Obama that the US would place such defenses on cruisers as a more technically advanced alternative .
A 2008 estimate by the US Government ’s US Geological Survey ( USGS ) concluded that the area north of the Arctic Circle contains staggeringly large volumes of oil and natural gas .
They estimated that more than 70 % of the region ’s undiscovered oil resources occur in five provinces : Arctic Alaska , Amerasia Basin , East Greenland Rift Basins , East Barents Basins , and West Greenland - East Canada .
More than 70 % of the undiscovered natural gas is believed located in three provinces , the West Siberian Basin , the East Barents Basins , and Arctic Alaska .
Some 84 % of the undiscovered oil and gas occurs offshore .
The total undiscovered conventional oil and gas resources of the Arctic are estimated to be approximately 90 billion barrels of oil , 1,669 trillion cubic feet of natural gas , and 44 billion barrels of natural gas liquids .
The main potential beneficiary is likely to be Russia that has the largest share of territory in the region .
Contrary to widely held beliefs in the west , the Cold War did not end with the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991 or the fall of the Berlin Wall in November 1989 , at least not for Washington .
Seeing the opportunity to expand the reach of US military and political power , the Pentagon began a systematic modernization of its nuclear arsenal and a step - wise extension of NATO membership right to the doorstep of Moscow , something that then - Secretary of State James Baker III had pledged to Russian President Mikhail Gorbachev would not happen .
Washington lied .
During the chaos of the Yeltsin years , Russia ’s economy collapsed under IMF - mandated ‘ shock therapy ’ and systematic looting by western companies in cahoots with a handful of newly created Russian oligarchs .
The re-emergence of Russia as a factor in world politics , however weakened from the economic shocks of the past two decades , has been based on a strategy that obviously has drawn from principles of asymetric warfare , economic as well as military .
Russia ’s present military preparedness is no match for the awesome Pentagon power projection .
However , she still maintains the only nuclear strike force on the planet that is capable of posing a mortal threat to the military power of the Pentagon .
In cooperation with China and its other Eurasian SCO partners , Russia is clearly using its energy as a geopolitical lever of the first order .
The recent events in Ukraine and the rollback there of the ill - fated Washington Orange Revolution , in the context now of Moscow ’s comprehensive energy politics , present Washington strategists with a grave challenge to their assumed global “ Full Spectrum ” dominance .
The US debacle in Afghanistan and the uneasy state of affairs in US - occupied Iraq have done far more than any Russian military challenge to undermine the global influence of the United States as sole decision maker of a ‘ unipolar world . ’
Notes
[ 1 ] Press Trust of India , 2009 : Ukraine Becomes World 's Third Largest Grain Exporter , accessed in http://blog.kievukraine.info/2009_12_01_archive.html. [ 2 ]
Stepan P. Poznyak , Ukrainian Chornozem : past , Present , Future , paper of 18th World Congress of Soil Science , July 9 - 15 , 2006 , Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , accessed in http://www.ldd.go.th/18wcss/techprogram/P12419.HTM
[ 3 ]
The American Chamber of Commerce in Ukraine , Chamber Members , accessed in http://www.chamber.ua/ [ 4 ]
KosivArt , Ukraine Natural Resources , accessed in http://www.kosivart.com/eng/index.cfm/do/ukraine.natural-resources [ 5 ]
Halford J. Mackinder , Democratic Ideals and Reality , 1919 , reprint 1942 , Henry Holt and Company , New York , p. 150 . [ 6 ]
F. William Engdahl , Ukraine and Georgia : Entry into NATO Put Off Indefinitely , December 4 , 2008 , in http://www.globalresearch.ca/index.php?context=va&aid=11277 [ 7 ]
John Arquilla , David Ronfeldt , Swarming and the Future of Conflict , Santa Monica : RAND , 2000 . [ 8 ]
US Department of State , John E. Herbst Biography , accessed in http://www.state.gov/r/pa/ei/biog/67065.htm. [ 9 ]
Michel Chossudovsky , IMF Sponsored " Democracy " in The Ukraine , 28 November 2004 , accessed in http://globalresearch.ca/articles/CHO411D.html [ 10 ]
Kateryna Yushchenko , Biography , on My Ukraine : Personal Website of Viktor Yushchenko , 31 March 2005 , accessed in http://www.yuschenko.com.ua/eng/Private/Family/2822/. [ 11 ]
Wikipedia , Orange Revolution , accessed in http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Orange_Revolution. [ 12 ]
Andrew Osborn , We Treated Poisoned Yushchenko , Admit Americans , The Independent U.K. , March 12 , 2005 , accessed in http://www.truthout.org/article/us-played-big-role-ukraines-orange-revolution. [ 13 ]
Dmitry Sudakov , USA Assigns $ 20 million for Elections in Ukraine , Moldova , Pravda.ru , 11 March 2005 . [ 14 ]
‘ Nicholas , ’ Forces Behind the Orange Revolution , Kiev Ukraine News Blog , January 10 , 2005 accessed in http://blog.kievukraine.info/2005/01/forces-behind-orange-revolution.html. [ 15 ]
Jim Nichol et al , Russia ’s Cutoff of Natural Gas to Ukraine : Context and Implications , US Congressional Research Service Report for Congress , Washington , D. C. February 15 , 2006 . [ 16 ]
Yuras Karmanau , Half - empty chamber greets Ukraine 's new president , Associated Press , February 25 , 2010 , accessed in http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20100225/ap_on_re_eu/eu_ukraine_president [ 17 ]
Inform : Bloc of Yulia Tymoshenko Release # 134 , EPP Throws Weight Behind Tymoshenko , 16 December , 2009 , accessed in http://www.ibyut.com/index_files/792.html [ 18 ]
Stefan Wagstyl and Roman Oleachyk , Ukraine Election Divides Oligarchs , London Financial Times , January 15 , 2010 . [ 19 ]
TraCCC , Pavlo Lazarenko :
Is the Former Ukrainian Prime Minister a Political Refugee or a Financial Criminal ? , Organized Crime and Corruption Watch , Vol. 2 , No. 2 , Summer 2000 , Washington D.C. , American University Transnational Crime and Corruption Center . [ 20 ]
Ian Traynor , Ukrainian Leader Appoints Billionaire as his PM , The Guardian , 24 January , 2005 . [ 21 ]
United States Embassy in Minsk , US Government Assistance FY 97 Annual Report , United States Embassy in Minsk , Belarus , 1998 , http://belarus.usembassy.gov/assistance1997.html
Eurogas ( European Union of the Natural Gas Industry ) , Natural Gas Demand and Supply : Long - Term Outlook to 2030 , Brussels , Belgium , 2007 , accessed in www.eurogas.org/.../Eurogas%20long%20term%20outlook%20to%202030%20-%20fina...
Jim Nichol , op . cit .
US Department of Energy , Ukraine Country Analysis Brief , Energy Information Administration , August 2007 , Washington DC , accessed in http://www.eia.doe.gov/cabs/Ukraine/Full.html
International Energy , Russia to supply 116 bn cm of gas to Europe via Ukraine in 2010 , Beijing , November 19 , 2009 , accessed in http://en.in-en.com
Simon Taylor , Why Russia 's Nord Stream is winning the pipeline race , January 29 , 2009 , EuropeanVoice.com , accessed in http://www.europeanvoice.com/article/imported/why-russia%E2%80%99s-nord-stream-is-winning-the-pipeline-race/63780.aspx
RAI Novosti , Russia pledges 30 - 40 % discount on gas for Belarus in 2010 , November 23 , 2009 , accessed in http://en.rian.ru
UPI , Nord Stream to supply UK by 2012 , December 1 , 2009 , accessed in http://www.upi.com
Gazprom , Major Projects : South Stream , accessed in http://old.gazprom.ru/eng/articles/article27150.shtml
Trend , Bulgaria ready to participate in both South Stream and Nabucco , Baku , Azerbaijan , December 5 , 2009 , accessed in http://en.trend.az
Olja Stanic , Bosnian Serbs to join Russia - led gas pipeline , Reuters , March 5 , 2005 , Banka Luka Bosnia , accessed in http://in.reuters.com/article/oilRpt/idINLDE6241B920100305
For more on this fascinating and all - but - forgotten history of the German - British imperial rivalries over the Berlin - Baghdad Railway project in the prelude to the First World War , see , F. William Engdahl , A Century of War : Anglo - American Oil Politics and the New World Order , London , Pluto Press , 2004 , pp. 22-28 .
Mahir Zeynalov , Azerbaijan - Gazprom agreement puts Nabucco in jeopardy , Today ’s Zaman , July 16 , 2009 , accessed in http://www.todayszaman.com/tz-web/sabit.do?sf=aboutus
Saban Kardas , Delays in Turkish - Azeri Gas Deal Raises Uncertainty Over Nabucco , Eurasia Daily Monitor , Vol. 7 Issue 39 , February 26 , 2010 .
Ibid .
Brian Whitmore , Moscow Visit by Turkish PM Underscores New Strategic Alliance , Radio Liberty / Radio Free Europe , January 13 , 2010 , accessed in http://www.rferl.org/content/Moscow_Visit_By_Turkish_PM_Underscores_New_Strategic_Alliance/19
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
Comments
V
23 Mar 10 , 07:07 russia
What was the point of such a long article ?
That Russia is good , USA bad and Ukraine & the rest of the world are idiots ...
There is no need for such length .
The author is praising one hegemony over another , which is in no way better .
I might prefer one side over but the analysis should be express views of both sides and reveal all available facts like if Yushchenko was a dictator why he did not managed to get Ukraine in NATO , that Turkmenistan started to sell its gas to China and about the blew Russia - Turkmanistan pipeline at the time of lowest gas prices when Russia agreed to pay fixed high price , about little or no geological research of the new gas fields and ageing infrastructure and etc, etc,etc .
kpharck
07 Apr 10 , 10:16 I would rather
What the author calls " US hegemony " with Nabucco , from EU perspective is abviously an escape from Russia 's monopoly on gas supply .
I would rather regret witnessing Europe hanging itself in the loop of such " ties " .
Calculations are that the home suffered between twenty to thirty thousand dollars in damage .
Sources say it appeared the teens stayed in the house for several hours , perhaps even overnight .
The Troopers were quickly notified and the investigation began .
And at first there were very few leads .
Then in January some information came to light which identified one of the perpetrators .
This led to the revelation that the participants were 12 local teens who had used the empty house for a party , a party which had clearly spun badly out of control .
As you have undoubtedly surmised by now one of the teenagers identified was Willow Palin .
Moose - o- lini claimed Willow had been " out of town " .
However when Troopers interviewed the other teens , every single one of them identified Willow as a participant , and further revealed that it was she who directed the other teens to the house , which she knew to be empty , for the sole purpose of having a party .
Then , true to form , she started pulling strings .
According to sources close to the Alaska State troopers there was a secret weekend meeting .
This meeting took place between the Palin ’s and some very highly placed people involved in the juvenile justice department .
Directly after this secret meeting the word came down to the juvenile justice probation officer , Chris Evans , that ONLY the boys who had participated would be charged with the crime .
The girls would only be identified as “ witnesses ” and face no criminal penalties .
According to the National Enquirer :
" About two dozen kids broke into the house that was up for sale .
They drank , played beer pong , listened to loud music - and trashed the place .
" Police were notified , and they investigated the incident for possible vandalism and breaking and entering .
When the pal who threw the bash was questioned by police , she named Willow as one of the partiers . "
AlaskaWTF calls
Willow the " ringleader " of this crime .
The apple does n't fall far from the Tundra Trollop wild Alaskan dingbat ( edited since some folks were offended and it's not nice to insult trollops ) .
Edited to add : Sarah Palin 's eldest son Track was also accused of vandalism in another case .
New York ( CNN ) --
Plans to build a mosque two blocks away from ground zero have set off an emotional debate among area residents and relatives of victims of the September 11 , 2001 terror attacks .
Cordoba
House project calls for a 15 - story community center including a mosque , performance art center , gym , swimming pool and other public spaces .
The project is a collaboration between the American Society for Muslim Advancement and the Cordoba Initiative , both of which work to improve relations with followers of the religion .
The two groups presented their vision to part of the Community Board of lower Manhattan on Wednesday night .
Ro Sheffe , a board member who attended the meeting , said the project did not need to get the board 's approval .
" They own the land , and their plans do n't have any zoning changes , " Sheffe said .
" They came to us for our opinions and to let us know their plans .
It was purely voluntary on their part . "
The 12 members who were at the meeting voted unanimously to support the project .
Community board members are appointed by the borough president and serve as advisers to the borough president and the mayor 's office .
Daisy Khan , executive director of the Muslim society , described her vision of a center led by Muslims , but serving the community as a whole .
" It will have a real community feel , to celebrate the pluralism in the United States , as well as in the Islamic religion , " Khan said .
" It will also serve as a major platform for amplifying the silent voice of the majority of Muslims who have nothing to do with extremist ideologies .
It will counter the extremist momentum . "
The need for the center is twofold , Khan said , because it will support the needs of the growing Muslim community .
" The time for a center like this has come because Islam is an American religion , " Khan said .
" We need to take the 9/11 tragedy and turn it into something very positive . "
Sheffe said a community center for lower Manhattan residents is " desperately needed . "
The area was mostly commercial , Sheffe said , but as more people move downtown , the lack of residential amenities is a problem .
The project got mixed reviews from families and friends of September 11 victims .
" I think it 's the right thing to do , " said Marvin Bethea , who was a paramedic at ground zero .
" I lost 16 friends down there .
But Muslims also got killed on 9/11 .
It would be a good sign of faith that we 're not condemning all Muslims and that the Muslims who did this happened to be extremists .
As a black man , I know what it 's like to be discriminated against when you have n't done anything . "
Herbert Ouida , whose son was killed in the attacks , supports the project as a way to bridge cultural divide .
" I understand the anger , the bitterness and hatred , but it only generates more hatred , " Ouida said .
" Such a large part of the world has this faith , and to say anyone who has this faith is a terrorist , it 's terrible . "
Others decried the idea of building a mosque so close to where their relatives died .
" Lower Manhattan should be made into a shrine for the people who died there , " said Michael Valentin , a retired city detective who worked at ground zero .
" It breaks my heart for the families who have to put up with this .
I understand they 're [ building ] it in a respectful way , but it just should n't be down there . "
Others such as Barry Zelman said the site 's location will be a painful reminder .
" [ The 9/11 terrorists ] did this in the name of Islam , " Zelman said .
" It 's a sacred ground where these people died , where my brother was murdered , and to be in the shadows of that religion , it 's just hypocritical and sacrilegious . "
However , Khan emphasized that the attacks killed Muslims , too .
" Three hundred of the victims were Muslim , that 's 10 percent of the victims , " she said .
" We are Americans too .
The 9/11 tragedy hurt everybody including the Muslim community .
We are all in this together and together we have to fight against extremism and terrorism . "
Cordoba
House is still in its early stages of development .
The American Society for Muslim Advancement is hoping to raise funds for the center to be completed in three to five years .
It 's really , finally over .
Yesterday , the very last HUMMER H3 rolled off the production line in Shreveport , Louisiana , part of a special order for rental - car company Avis .
After a lengthy and ultimately failed effort to sell the quintessential maker of sport-utility vehicles to a Chinese company , General Motors is winding down the brand .
In July , 200 of the 900 employees at Shreveport are expected to lose their jobs .
Last month , General Motors put its remaining HUMMER models on sale , offering up to $ 6,000 off on certain models .
Its " Last Chance To Buy a HUMMER " campaign included zero- percent financing for 72 months , or $ 4,000 to $ 6,000 off various H2 and H3 models .
But earlier this month , the HUMMER 's last days were punctuated by a recall by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration .
The clips that hold the H3's hood louver in place can break over time , meaning the hood louver can " detach from the vehicle . "
Virtually all H3 models -- more than 162,000 , according to the NHTSA -- need to be inspected as part of the recall .
[ WKOW - TV ]
Zombies are all the rage .
They can be found in reworkings of classic books and games in Apple ’s App Store .
They have even spawned a new kind of protest movement that involves large crowds dressing up as zombies and besieging the targets of their discontent .
And of course zombies still appear in the medium responsible for their popularization , film .
Zombies are the Everyman of the monster world .
In contrast to the ennui - filled vampires of “ Twilight , ” or the erotic vampires of Anne Rice , zombies are anonymous , indistinguishable from one another .
Other than the tatters of clothing that they wear , there is nothing to set one zombie apart from another .
Unlike the werewolf , whose curse provides an in - built dramatic conflict ( “ Am I responsible for what I do in that state ? ” ) , zombies are remorseless and insensate .
And unlike Mary Shelly ’s Frankenstein and Creature , zombies do not serve as a metaphor for human ambition or hubris .
The origin of zombie plagues is rarely explained in the genre ; they simply begin .
Somewhere the virus is born and it spreads until the whole world must confront it .
Advertisement
Zombies are the faceless , unsexy , plodders of the horror genre .
There is even a debate among zombie - followers about the pace at which zombies should move .
Should they move at an undead shamble or with leopard like agility in consuming their unfortunates ?
I prefer a slow - moving zombie to the fast - moving variety ; they ’re scarier when they ’re slow because even though you can out - maneuver them in the short term , they just keep coming for you .
Eventually , it is n’t their speed that overwhelms , it is their mass .
One zombie is little threat , one thousand are .
Zombies are hungry , possessing a ravening , insatiable need to feed .
And what they seek to consume is us , you and I .
This irrational desire to devour has been used as metaphor for human consumption writ large .
George A. Romero , the godfather of the genre who first popularized zombies in his classic “ Night of the Living Dead , ” used zombies as a metaphor for consumerism in his follow up to that film , “ Dawn of the Dead . ”
Survivors of zombie plague seek refuge in a shopping mall and turn it into a Fort Apache - style sanctuary .
As a fan of the horror genre , I ’ve seen most of the movies and read a fair number of books and comics based on these undead uprisings .
Generally , they are simply diversions .
A zombie movie is the film equivalent of cotton candy , not much mental nutritional value , but when done well , oh so sweet .
But the zombie movement has more to say about Western culture than you might expect .
In his book World War Z , Max Brooks writes from the point of view of a UN researcher documenting how the living world survived a zombie plague .
In mock - documentary style , Brooks travels around the world , interviewing people who managed to stay alive .
Brook ’s use of the zombie metaphor is a rich one for our culture .
I began the book in the months that followed the global economic meltdown .
Reading Brooks ’ account of soulless hordes devouring their prey in light of the financial disasters caused by faceless organizations spurred by an insatiable hunger for profit was sobering .
Zombie banks , anyone ?
The global dimension of the catastrophe also raised many of the same questions as a zombie flick :
How did it start ?
Who will survive and how ?
Will they come for me ?
Here were zombies taking a walk down Wall Street ; the book turned from being a “ just - for - fun ” read into a challenging examination of a world driven nearly to collapse by the sheer weight of want .
The metaphor of pure consumption is a warning for the 21st century .
The very survival of our species may hinge on our ability to control our desire to do whatever we like to our environment .
Advertising encourages us to consume without thought as to whether or not we need the products we consume .
Media offers easy modes of deadening ourselves to those around us such that the only thing that links us together is the need for more .
And not a good “ more , ” as in St. Ignatius Loyola ’s magis , but a “ more ” that leaves us even emptier than we before we started .
The destructive nature of unthinking fundamentalism lends itself frighteningly well to the imagery and scope of zombies .
Either you will be hunted down and consumed , or you will be infected and join them ; there is no in - between space for rationalizing and compromise .
And consider the real - world biological themes latent in the zombie genre : the spread of diseases that have the potential to devastate large portions of the world ’s population ; how the healthy respond to the infected ; and how the military responds to the spread of such infections .
The genre offers little reason to hope for humanity ’s long - term survival .
But even in this apocalyptic imagery , there is a glimmer of promise that should be immediately recognizable to a Christian .
If the world is to survive the terror of unthinking , unfettered consumption , it must turn toward community .
Fear of another person , in zombie lore , must be overcome in order to survive a more dangerous threat .
Consider Romero ’s “ Night of the Living Dead . ”
The film focused on a small band of survivors thrown together in an abandoned farmhouse who must overcome fear of each other in order to deal with the greater threat of zombies .
The film is a fable of race relations ; filmed in 1967 , the most capable survivor is an African - American man who must battle some of his fellow survivors almost as much as the zombies .
Some of those trapped in the house would rather court danger by isolating themselves rather than by accepting and dealing with a person of a different race .
In “ Shaun of the Dead ” ( a 2004 film billed as “ A Romantic Comedy .
With Zombies ” ) a twenty - something slacker must mature in his relationships before he can form his community of friends into a band capable of surviving the onslaught .
This is the ultimate message of the zombie movie : survivors must re-examine and re-order their world , then come together in community that allows them to not just survive the apocalypse , but to cautiously triumph over it .
Survival , in the zombie genre , depends on the ability to confront the horrible reality that confronts the world and a willingness to overcome the fear it represents in order to come together to work for survival .
Even capable pragmatists rarely survive long in a land where the most rugged of individuals will be quickly dragged down and devoured .
Is that world very different from ours ?
Visit any news
Web site and you will encounter horrors far greater than the ones that these artists and filmmakers have imagined .
If we are not to merely survive as a race of creatures , but to build the Kingdom of God , we have to confront our fear of the other — often the other already in our midst — in order to do so .
Before zombies pass into the inevitable “ has - been ” status of pop culture we might examine some of these messages , ideas and critiques .
Pop culture holds up a mirror for us to see what really frightens us , and it ’s not zombies .
If you ’re a recent convert to smartphones , you ’re probably still discovering all the amazing things that your new BlackBerry , Android phone or iPhone can do .
But one thing you most likely found out right away : the more you do , the shorter your phone ’s battery lasts .
While a standard cellphone ’s charge can easily go three days or more , many smartphone owners are dismayed to learn that their new mobile toy requires charging every 24 hours , or even more often .
It was great that I could use one device — my iPhone — to check my calendar and respond to multiple incoming calls during January ’s Consumer Electronics
Show , but I paid the price when its battery died at 2 p.m .
The answer was not to desperately search for an electrical outlet to recharge the phone ( though I ’ve done that ) or to consider giving up the phone ( done that , too ) , but rather to figure out a strategy to reduce energy consumption while still having it available for essential tasks .
Whether you ’re using a laptop or a smartphone , the devices can be tweaked to get the most out of its lithium - ion batteries .
Reconsider Your Network
All things being equal , the C.D.M.A. mobile standard used by Verizon uses more power than a G.S.M. network , principally used by AT&T and T - Mobile .
If battery life is critical , you might want to consider G.S.M. as long as its coverage meets your needs .
A venomous katipo spider bite on his penis was the high price a tourist paid for a skinny - dip at a Northland beach .
The 22 - year - old Canadian left his clothes in the sand dunes while he went for his nude swim and slept on his return , according to a report on the case in today 's online NZ Medical Journal .
" He woke to find his penis swollen and painful with a red mark on the shaft suggestive of a bite .
He rapidly developed generalised muscle pains , fever , headache , photophobia [ light sensitivity ] and vomiting , " wrote Dr Nigel Harrison and colleagues who treated him at Dargaville and Whangarei hospitals .
By the time the man reached Dargaville Hospital , his penis was severely swollen , his blood pressure was up and his heart beat racing .
Chest pain and other symptoms developed the next morning and it was presumed he had been bitten by a katipo .
He was treated with anti-venom medicine and rapidly improved .
However , heart problems persisted and he was treated at Whangarei Hospital and Auckland Hospital before returning to Canada .
Katipo spiders are known to have a highly specialised habitat in New Zealand sand dunes and will bite only rarely , and in defence .
This was the first known case of myocarditis , or heart inflammation , caused by a bite , Dr Harrison said .
A prompt diagnosis and the use of anti-venom resulted in a good outcome for the tourist , he said .
American Idol And The Hypocrisy Of Corporate Charity
Last night , on the biggest show airing on American TV , was a full display of our deep social dichotomy where struggling American people are asked to give generously to causes they do n’t necessarily understand in a show sponsored by corporations such as Exxon , AT & T , Coca - Cola and Ford .
The show was introduced by President Obama and First Lady Michelle to boost the efforts of the charity event .
It seems that the latest trend for some of the most ruthless corporations in the world is to give the illusion that they are benevolent organizations with an elevated consciousness regarding the misery of human kind which they quite often help create .
The latest example was Dow Chemical sponsorship of the Live Earth worldwide events on water scarcity .
One can not help thinking of the old saying prevalent during the Vietnam war summarizing the schizophrenic American “ strategy ” of “ Candy in the morning , napalm in the afternoon ” .
It is quite easy to understand why corporations such as Exxon , AT & T and Dow Chemical sponsor charity events .
Corporations are not individuals , they only care about profit and bottom line and do n’t have guilt , but what they do understand is brand image and public relations .
It is just smart business for them to give the impression that they do care , as if they had some kind of “ corporate soul ” .
For the slew of celebrities on display last night on American Idol , it is a bit more complicated and not public relation driven .
It might be a slightly cynical point of view , but it is impossible to rule out guilt as a key factor in this global eruption of generosity from people who know all too well they have too much in a world where global poverty is not decreasing but increasing .
After all , chipping away at the guilt by giving to various causes probably helps the elite sleep better at night .
In a related topic , President Obama was in Los Angeles a few days ago to raise money for the re-election of Senator Barbara Boxer .
A very exclusive dinner was organized , and the people in attendance had to pay a whopping $ 17,600 dollars per plate .
Needless to say , due to the cost , the exclusive attendance was probably composed mainly by celebrities and corporate moguls .
It is as if , in order to have a voice in America you need wealth , to be allowed to rub elbows with the President you have to be wealthy enough to spend $ 17,600 .
The irony is that the event in question took place in a city at the verge of bankruptcy , with 12 percent of people unemployed and around 80,000 homeless .
With the Supreme Court ruling concerning election contributions by corporations , the problem of big money owning politics and the public debate will only get worse .
Corporations control most media sources , and will have the ability to massively finance any candidate they want , attack others and spin any political agendas with pseudo editorial pieces .
The unleashing of this unlimited flow of money on our public life will finish sapping what is left of our democratic process by completely silencing independent thinking individuals from the public discourse over a handful of pre-selected ones obedient to their respective corporate sponsors .
The Democrats have no intention to challenge the Supreme Court ruling , because they are very much part of this “ pay to play ” scheme where what matters to secure an election victory is not a high standard of public service or the desire to implement necessary changes , but instead an implicit obligation to serve , when in public office , the interests of the corporations supporting their campaigns .
Allowing this unlimited corporate money input into the American political system will surely kill any hope for political alternatives to the two party system , and will make the United States into a full fledged plutocracy where the elite occasionally pay lip service to the common person when it is election time .
Last night American Idol ’s extravaganza was just a mere preview of what is to come .
In our next election cycle , candidate A could be sponsored by Exxon , Microsoft , Halliburton and Coke while candidate B could be brought to you compliments of AT & T , Apple , Google and Pepsi .
The industrial revolutions and the years following them produced some of the greatest inventions known to man – and certainly the most complex .
Because this has been a part of our history for so long now we tend to presume that much of our modern conveniences have come from then .
What is surprising is how many of the things that we use every day have been in use by humans for thousands of years .
This list of ten things all predate the birth of Christ and they are all things that we are familiar with if not regular users of .
10 Plywood
Plywood has been made for thousands of years ; the earliest known occurrence of plywood was in Ancient Egypt around 3500 BC when wooden articles were made from sawn veneers glued together crosswise .
This was originally done due to a shortage of fine wood .
Thin sheets of high quality wood were glued over a substrate of lower quality wood for cosmetic effect , with incidental structural benefits .
This manner of inventing plywood has occurred repeatedly throughout history .
9 Plumbing
Standardized earthenware plumbing pipes with broad flanges making use of asphalt for preventing leakages appeared in the urban settlements of the Indus Valley Civilization by 2700 BC .
Plumbing originated during the ancient civilizations such as the Greek , Roman , Persian , Indian , and Chinese civilizations as they developed public baths and needed to provide potable water , and drainage of wastes .
Improvement in plumbing systems was very slow , with virtually no progress made from the time of the Roman system of aqueducts and lead pipes until the 19th century .
Eventually the development of separate , underground water and sewage systems eliminated open sewage ditches and cesspools .
8 Ice Skates
According to a study done by Federico Formenti , University of Oxford , and Alberto Minetti , University of Milan , Finns were the first to develop ice skates some 5,000 years ago from animal bones .
This was important for the Finnish populations to save energy in harsh winter conditions when hunting in Finnish Lakeland .
The first skate to use a metal blade was found in Scandinavia and was dated to 200 AD and was fitted with a thin strip of copper folded and attached to the underside of a leather shoe .
7 Perfume
The world ’s first recorded chemist is considered to be a woman named Tapputi , a perfume maker who was mentioned in a cuneiform tablet from the second millennium BC in Mesopotamia .
She distilled flowers , oil , and calamus with other aromatics then filtered and put them back in the still several times .
Recently , archaeologists have uncovered what are believed to be the world ’s oldest perfumes in Pyrgos , Cyprus .
The perfumes date back more than 4,000 years .
The perfumes were discovered in an ancient perfumery .
At least 60 stills , mixing bowls , funnels and perfume bottles were found in the 43,000 - square - foot ( 4,000 m2 ) factory .
Four of the perfumes have been re-created from residues found at the site .
6 Metrology and Calibration
The inhabitants of the Indus Valley Civilization ( c. 3000 – 1500 BC , Mature period 2600 – 1900 BC ) developed a sophisticated system of standardization , using weights and measures , evident by the excavations made at the Indus valley sites .
This technical standardization enabled gauging devices to be effectively used in angular measurement and measurement for construction .
Calibration was also found in measuring devices along with multiple subdivisions in case of some devices .
Metrology has existed in some form or another since antiquity .
The earliest forms of metrology were simply arbitrary standards set up by regional or local authorities , often based on practical measures such as the length of an arm .
The earliest examples of these standardized measures are length , time , and weight .
5 Lenses
The Nimrud lens is a 3000 year old piece of rock crystal , which was unearthed by Austen Henry Layard at the Assyrian palace of Nimrud .
It may have been used as a magnifying glass , or as a burning - glass to start fires by concentrating sunlight .
Assyrian craftsmen made intricate engravings , and could have used such a lens in their work .
Italian scientist Giovanni Pettinato of the University of Rome has proposed that the lens was used by the ancient Assyrians as part of a telescope ; this would explain why the ancient Assyrians knew so much about astronomy .
4 Central Heating
Cities in the northern Ancient Roman civilization used central heating systems from around 1,000 BC , conducting air heated by furnaces through empty spaces under the floors and out of pipes in the walls — a system known as a hypocaust .
Hypocausts were used for heating public baths and private houses .
The floor was raised above the ground by pillars , called pilae stacks , and spaces were left inside the walls so that hot air and smoke from the furnace ( praefurnium ) would pass through these enclosed areas and out of flues in the roof , thereby heating but not polluting the interior of the room .
Ceramic box tiles were placed inside the walls to both remove the hot burned air , and also to heat the walls .
A similar system of central heating was used in ancient Korea , where it is known as ondol .
In the image above you can see the sections beneath the floor where the heated air would flow .
3 Cataract Surgery
The earliest records of cataract surgery are from the Bible as well as early Hindu records .
Cataract surgery was known to the Indian physician Sushruta ( 6th century BC – pictured above ) .
In India , cataract surgery was performed with a special tool called the Jabamukhi Salaka , a curved needle used to loosen the lens and push the cataract out of the field of vision .
The eye would later be soaked with warm butter and then bandaged .
Though this method was successful , Susruta cautioned that cataract surgery should only be performed when absolutely necessary .
2 Dentist ’s Drill
The Indus Valley Civilization has yielded evidence of dentistry being practiced as far back as 7000 BC .
This earliest form of dentistry involved curing tooth related disorders with bow drills operated , perhaps , by skilled bead craftsmen .
The reconstruction of this ancient form of dentistry showed that the methods used were reliable and effective .
Cavities of 3.5 mm depth with concentric grooves indicate use of a drill tool .
The age of the teeth has been estimated at 9000 years .
1 Plastic Surgery
Plastic surgery is one of the oldest forms of surgery practiced .
Nose - reconstruction operations were probably performed in ancient India as early as 2000 BC , when amputation of the nose was a form of punishment ; the caste of potters eventually devised a method for rebuilding the nose by using a portion of the forehead , a technique still employed today .
Some discussion of such surgery also appears in ancient Greek and Roman tracts .
Pictured above is Walter Yeo , the first man to benefit from modern plastic surgery .
The image on the right was taken after Yeo received a skin graft .
This article is licensed under the GFDL because it contains quotations from Wikipedia .
“ Plastic Surgery , ” Microsoft ® Encarta® Online Encyclopedia 2008 © 1997-2008 Microsoft Corporation .
All Rights Reserved .
The British National party faces the prospect of renewed legal action from the government 's equalities watchdog over allegations that it has failed to remove potentially racist clauses from its constitution .
The court case could potentially see the BNP 's leader , Nick Griffin , jailed or fined for contempt of court , or see party assets seized , lawyers believe .
It caps a miserable couple of weeks for the BNP .
Griffin came third in the parliamentary vote for Barking , a constituency the BNP had targeted heavily , while his party lost all 12 of its seats on Barking and Dagenham council .
That followed a disastrous election campaign in which the BNP website was taken down by its designer , the party 's publicity director was arrested on suspicion of threatening to kill Griffin and a London candidate was caught on camera fighting in the street with a group of Asian teenagers .
The BNP constitution was challenged in court last year by the government 's Equalities and Human Rights Commission .
In March , Judge Paul Collins ruled that even after the BNP lifted a direct ban on non-white members , the revised document was indirectly discriminatory because it required applicants to oppose " any form of integration or assimilation of ... the indigenous British " , something the EHRC argued could not be endorsed by those in mixed - race relationships .
The constitution additionally required new members to submit to a two - hour vetting visit at their home by a pair of BNP officials , a clause Collins ruled could be seen as intimidating for non-white applicants .
He ordered both offending sections be removed .
Following the ruling , Griffin redrafted the BNP constitution , something the party 's rules allow him to do without consulting members .
However , copies of the new version – officially known as draft 12.2 – show that both clauses have not been removed but moved and slightly amended .
The home interview clause returns in near - identical wording as the " annual visit criteria " , without which new members cannot attend meetings or vote on party matters .
" This seems like a slightly hapless attempt to get round the injunction by moving the offending section to a different part of the constitution , " said Paul Epstein QC from Cloisters Chambers in London , a specialist in discrimination law .
" There seems to be no doubt that what they have done goes against the spirit of Judge Collins 's ruling at the very least .
They 're taking a real risk of being found in contempt of court .
This is particularly the case for Griffin , given this role he has in changing the constitution . "
The section relating to the " indigenous British " remains in the new constitution , under the heading " Temporary amendment " .
Gavin Millar QC , a specialist in election and discrimination law from Doughty Street chambers , said this appeared to breach the court decision .
" The ruling made it quite clear that the reference to ' indigenous British ' was discriminatory and had to be removed but the BNP has included it , saying it is only being temporarily removed pending a successful appeal , at which point it will be reinstated .
This is a clear breach , " he said .
The home visit clause had been slightly reworded but " it is in substance the same " , he said , adding : " The approach they have taken is both a civil and criminal breach of the order and I think in the end , unless the courts or the commission give up , which I do n't think they will , the BNP and Griffin will in the end face contempt proceedings and possible imprisonment . "
Any EHRC action will have to wait until a government is formed , as until then its activities remain constrained by Cabinet Office guidelines on the behaviour of public bodies during election campaigns .
An EHRC spokesman said : " At the time of the court ruling , we said that the commission would monitor the BNP 's compliance with the ruling .
We are currently looking into this matter . "
The EHRC is understood to have written to the BNP outlining its concerns about the new constitution and is awaiting a reply .
The BNP did not respond to a request for comment .
In Deadliest Warrior berechnet ein Computer den Ausgang von Auseinandersetzungen zwischen Apachen und Gladiatoren oder der SS und dem Vietcong
Eines der verbreitetsten Kinderspiele der 1970er Jahren waren sogenannte Quartettkarten , mit denen die Leistungsfähigkeit verschiedener Objekte in verschiedenen Bereichen verglichen werden konnte .
Die mit am beliebtesten Objekte waren neben Automobilen Panzer und Schlachtschiffe .
In der amerikanischen Fernsehserie Deadliest Warrior wird dieses Prinzip aufgegriffen und etwas aufwendiger fortgeführt .
In den meisten der bisher ausgestrahlten Folgen der Serie , die auf YouTube eine Welle von Parodien auslöste , treten zwei Typen von " Kriegern " gegeneinander an .
Nur manchmal behandelt eine Episode stattdessen zwei konkrete Persönlichkeiten der Weltgeschichte - etwa in William Wallace gegen Shaka Zulu , Attila der Hunnenkönig gegen Alexander den Großen oder Jesse James gegen Al Capone .
Am Anfang jeder Folge werden mittels Re-Enactment - Szenen die Typen ( beziehungsweise die Figuren ) vorgestellt , wobei es nicht nur um deren Ausrüstung , sondern auch um deren geografische und zeitliche Einordnung und um Kulturmerkmale wie die " Kampfphilosophie " geht .
Anschließend testen zwei Expertenteams typische Waffen , die im Regelfall in vier Kategorien unterteilt sind : Nahkampf , mittlere Reichweite , hohe Reichweite und Besonderes .
Dazu probieren sie diese an Tierkadavern und Dummy - Puppen aus , die teilweise mit Rüstungen ausgestattet sind , welche der Gegner tragen würde .
Einwirkungen der Waffe werden in Zeitlupen - Detailaufnahmen gezeigt und führen zur Feststellung eines Tödlichkeitswerts , der sie direkt vergleichbar machen soll .
Schließlich füttert man alle Ergebnisse in eine vom Spielehersteller Slitherine entwickelte Engine , die eintausend Gefechte simuliert und daraus einen Durchschnittsgewinner ermittelt .
Da so ein Rechenprozess ohne entsprechende grafische Aufbereitung nur bedingt unterhaltsam aussieht , simulieren die Produzenten einen Endkampf mit Schauspielern .
Zu guter Letzt kommen noch einmal die Experten zu Wort , die nicht jedes Mal mit den Ergebnissen einverstanden sind .
Manchmal sind diese Ergebnisse mehr , manchmal auch weniger überraschend :
So siegt beispielsweise der Apache nicht nur wegen Pfeil und Bogen , sondern auch wegen seines Tomahawks klar über den Gladiator , während der Samurai nur einen relativ knappen Sieg gegen den Wikinger erringt , dessen Langschwert sich dem Naginata sogar als überlegen erweist .
Ninjas dagegen hätten der Show nach keine Chance gegen die ( seit dem Untergang des Ostblocks und dem Film 300 in den USA ausgesprochen populären )
Spartaner , deren Speere allerdings in die gleiche Kategorie wie die Metsubushi der Ninjas kamen , was von manchen Zuschauern als unfair empfunden wurde .
Noch exotischere Waffen zu sehen gibt es in einer Folge , in der ein Shaolinmönch mit Hakenschwert , Emei , Stock und Kettenpeitsche gegen einen Maori - Krieger kämpft , der mit Stachelrochen - Speer , Mere - Knüppel , Taiaha und der Haizahnwaffe Leiomano ausgerüstet ist .
Popkulturelle Standards sind dagegen die Utensilien , mit denen die italo - amerikanische Mafia gewinnt : Ein Thompson - Maschinengewehr , eine abgesägte Schrotflinte , ein Molotowcocktail , ein Baseballschläger und ein Getränkeeiszerkleinerer .
Ihr Gegner ist in der Serie die japanische Yakuza , die mit einer britischen Sten Mk. II , einer deutschen Walther P38 , einer japanischen Keramikgranate , einem Würgeholz und einer Saigabel kämpft .
Wesentlich knapper als dieser Vergleich geht der Kampf zwischen einem amerikanischen Green - Beret - Elitesoldaten und einem russischen Spetsnaz aus , in dem sich in der Einzelwertung Makarov und Saiga Beretta und Mossberg allerdings überlegen zeigen .
Noch patriotischer endet ein Kräftemessen zwischen einem amerikanischen SWAT - Team und der GSG9 , für die sich der Deutsche Michael Nagel als Experte zur Verfügung stellte .
Besonders deutlich werden die Unterschiede hier beim G36 - Sturmgewehr , das gegen das LWCR - PSD keine Chance hat , und beim PSG1 - Präzisionsgewehr , das gegen das Remington 700 mit 205 zu 271 " Kills " verliert .
In der Kategorie der Spezialwaffen kann in dieser Gegenüberstellung weder der SWAT - Taser noch die GSG9 - Handgranate punkten .
Die bisher umstrittenste Folge der Serie lässt einen IRA - gegen einen Taliban - Terroristen antreten .
Heftig diskutiert wurde die Episode unter anderem deshalb , weil sich schlichtere Gemüter unter den Zuschauern nach dem ( allerdings relativ knappen ) IRA - Sieg mit LPO - 50 Flammenwerfer , AR - 15 , Nagelbombe und Schleuder die Frage stellten , ob man nicht einfach militante Katholiken nach Afghanistan deportieren sollte , um die dortigen Probleme zu lösen .
In schon angekündigten aber noch nicht ausgestrahlten Folgen erwartet den Fernsehzuschauer unter anderem ein Duell zwischen einem aztekischen Jaguar - und einem Zande - Krieger aus dem Sudan , einem römischen Zenturio und einem indischen Rajput , einem persischen " Unsterblichen " und einem Kelten , einem chinesischen Soldaten der Ming - Ära und einem französischen Musketier und einem Komantschen gegen einen Mongolen .
An neuzeitlichen Kriegern lassen die Produzenten die SS gegen den Vietcong antreten , außerdem den KGB gegen die CIA , einen US - Kampfschwimmer gegen ein noch nicht näher spezifiziertes israelisches Kommando und somalische Piraten gegen das kolumbianische Medellínkartell .
( Peter Mühlbauer )
Research suggests that religious belief can help protect against symptoms of depression , but a study at Rush University Medical Center goes one step further .
In patients diagnosed with clinical depression , belief in a concerned God can improve response to medical treatment , according to a paper in the Journal of Clinical Psychology .
A total of 136 adults diagnosed with major depression or bipolar depression at inpatient and outpatient psychiatric care facilities in Chicago participated in the study .
The patients were surveyed shortly after admission for treatment and eight weeks later , using the Beck Depression Inventory , the Beck Hopelessness Scale , and the Religious Well - Being Scale -- all standard instruments in the social sciences for assessing intensity , severity and depth of disease and feelings of hopelessness and spiritual satisfaction .
Response to medication , defined as a 50 - percent reduction in symptoms , can vary in psychiatric patients .
Some may not respond at all .
But the study found that those with strong beliefs in a personal and concerned God were more likely to experience an improvement .
Specifically , participants who scored in the top third of the Religious Well - Being Scale were 75 - percent more likely to get better with medical treatment for clinical depression .
The researchers tested whether the explanation for the improved response was linked instead to the feeling of hope , which is typically a feature of religious belief .
But degree of hopefulness , measured by feelings and expectations for the future and degree of motivation , did not predict whether a patient fared better on anti-depressants .
" In our study , the positive response to medication had little to do with the feeling of hope that typically accompanies spiritual belief , " said Patricia Murphy , PhD , a chaplain at Rush and an assistant professor of religion , health and human values at Rush University .
" It was tied specifically to the belief that a Supreme Being cared . "
" For people diagnosed with clinical depression , medication certainly plays an important role in reducing symptoms , " Murphy said .
" But when treating persons diagnosed with depression , clinicians need to be aware of the role of religion in their patients ' lives .
It is an important resource in planning their care . "
George Fitchett , PhD , also a chaplain at Rush and the director of the religion , health and human values program at Rush University , co-authored the study .
Protesters occupy parts of Iranian Embassy in the Hague
04/07/10
Source : Radio Zamaneh
A group of protesters have occupied parts of Islamic Republic Embassy in the Hague in protest to Iran 's oppressive and violent policies .
The protesters , who are reportedly of both Iranian and Dutch origins and about twelve in numbers , have crossed into the Embassy and occupied its outer area in what they claim is an act of support for Iranian people .
They demand the release of all political prisoners and an end to executions and torture as well as respect for civil rights .
One of them has told Radio Zamaneh that Iran belongs to all Iranians and its fate should not be determined only by " dictators and the clergy . "
During this act of protest , the flag of the Islamic Republic has been lowered and replaced with a banner bearing an image of Neda AghaSoltan , the woman who was shot to death in Tehran 's street protests after the disputed June presidential elections .
The husband of actress Brittany Murphy was found dead Sunday night at his home in the Hollywood Hills , according to the Los Angeles Police Department .
Screenwriter Simon Monjack died at the home in the 1800 block of Rising Glen Road , just five months after the death of his wife , according to Sgt. Louie Lozano .
The cause of death was unknown late Sunday night .
" We have detectives at scene , " Lozano said .
" They are conducting their investigation .
Once we have further information , we will provide it . "
At 9:24 p.m. Sunday , the Los Angeles Fire Department responded to a 911 call for an “ unspecified medical aid request , ” according to spokesman Brian Humphrey .
Fire Department personnel provided medical services to Monjack , and he was pronounced dead , according to a Los Angeles police sergeant , who declined to give his name , at the Hollywood Station late Sunday night .
The sergeant said detectives were arriving at the home .
In February , the Los Angeles County coroner 's office ruled that Murphy died of pneumonia complicated by an iron deficiency , anemia and multiple drug intoxication .
Coroner 's officials said Murphy had gone into sudden cardiac arrest because of " drug intake , " and her Dec. 20 death was classified as an accident .
Murphy , 32 , went into cardiac arrest at her home in the Hollywood Hills .
L.A. firefighters responded to a medical call about 8 a.m. at the home .
Firefighters tried unsuccessfully to revive Murphy on the way to Cedars - Sinai Medical Center , where she was pronounced dead about two hours later .
Murphy appeared in " Clueless " ( 1995 ) , in which she starred opposite Alicia Silverstone and made many other film appearances , including in " Girl Interrupted " ( 1999 ) , " 8 Mile " ( 2002 ) , " The Dead Girl " ( 2006 ) , and " Across the Hall " ( 2009 ) .
She also was featured as the voice of Luanne Platter in the Fox TV show " King of the Hill . "
-- Andrew Blankstein and Rich Connell
Photo : Monjack and Murphy in 2009 .
Credit : Los Angeles Times
Goldman Sachs , JP Morgan Chase , Citigroup and Bank of America all completed the first quarter without one losing day .
Four of the largest banks in the U.S. “ racked up perfect quarters in their trading businesses between January and March , underscoring how government support and less competition is fueling Wall Street ’s revival ” , David Mildenberg and Dawn Kopecki reported at Bloomberg yesterday .
Goldman Sachs , JP Morgan Chase , Citigroup and Bank of America all posted gains every day of the 63 in the quarter from January through March .
“ Tyler Durden , ” the pseudonymous Zero Hedge founder posted this chart on Goldman ’s quarter , stating , “ If you ever wanted to see what monopoly looks like in chart form , here it is : ”
He added :
The statistic probability of this event is itself statistically undefined .
Goldman is now the market — or , in keeping with modern market reality , Goldman is the house , it controls the casino , and always wins … .
Adding to the alice in wonderland insanity of this announcement , the firm made over $ 100 million daily on 35 different days .
Of Goldman ’s $ 9.7 billion in total Q1 revenue , 76 % came from trading .
Forget investment banking , forget underwriting , forget advisory : over three quarters of the firm ’s value is based on being the house to the biggest corrupt casino in existence .
Ever .
Yesterday , he added :
that the rape and pillage of the middle class was not isolated to Goldman , and that JP Morgan also had a flawless quarter .
And if the odds of Goldman making 63 out of 63 are virtually impossible in any universe in which risk goes hand in hand with return ( but in those in which monopolies are encouraged and bailed out ) , the coincidence of the two main firms that control the world having a perfect track record is impossible .
And since things in reality tend to be zero sum , when everyone makes money , someone may be tempted to ask the question , just who is losing money ?
And the answer , dear taxpayers , and [ Goldman|JPMorgan ] clients , is you .
Of course , it should n’t be ignored that Morgan Stanley did suffer losses in days of the quarter — four days :
Joe Weisenthal commented at Business Insider today :
If you do n’t know how the banks can do this , you have n’t been paying any attention .
It ’s the Fed lending these banks money cheap allowing them to lend it back to the government at higher rates ?
Is that really all the banks are doing with their money ?
Pretty much yes .
From the St. Louis Fed , here ’s the total volume of government securities held on bank balance sheets .
The number is only going in one direction .
Want to start a startup ?
Get funded by Y Combinator .
April 2010
The best way to come up with startup ideas is to ask yourself the question : what do you wish someone would make for you ?
There are two types of startup ideas : those that grow organically out of your own life , and those that you decide , from afar , are going to be necessary to some class of users other than you .
Apple was the first type .
Apple happened because Steve Wozniak wanted a computer .
Unlike most people who wanted computers , he could design one , so he did .
And since lots of other people wanted the same thing , Apple was able to sell enough of them to get the company rolling .
They still rely on this principle today , incidentally .
The iPhone is the phone Steve Jobs wants . [ 1 ]
Our own startup , Viaweb , was of the second type .
We made software for building online stores .
We did n't need this software ourselves .
We were n't direct marketers .
We did n't even know when we started that our users were called " direct marketers . "
But we were comparatively old when we started the company ( I was 30 and Robert Morris was 29 ) , so we 'd seen enough to know users would need this type of software . [ 2 ]
There is no sharp line between the two types of ideas , but the most successful startups seem to be closer to the Apple type than the Viaweb type .
When he was writing that first Basic interpreter for the Altair , Bill Gates was writing something he would use , as were Larry and Sergey when they wrote the first versions of Google .
Organic ideas are generally preferable to the made up kind , but particularly so when the founders are young .
It takes experience to predict what other people will want .
The worst ideas we see at Y Combinator are from young founders making things they think other people will want .
So if you want to start a startup and do n't know yet what you 're going to do , I 'd encourage you to focus initially on organic ideas .
What 's missing or broken in your daily life ?
Sometimes if you just ask that question you 'll get immediate answers .
It must have seemed obviously broken to Bill Gates that you could only program the Altair in machine language .
You may need to stand outside yourself a bit to see brokenness , because you tend to get used to it and take it for granted .
You can be sure it 's there , though .
There are always great ideas sitting right under our noses .
In 2004 it was ridiculous that Harvard undergrads were still using a Facebook printed on paper .
Surely that sort of thing should have been online .
There are ideas that obvious lying around now .
The reason you 're overlooking them is the same reason you'd have overlooked the idea of building Facebook in 2004 : organic startup ideas usually do n't seem like startup ideas at first .
We know now that Facebook was very successful , but put yourself back in 2004 .
Putting undergraduates ' profiles online would n't have seemed like much of a startup idea .
And in fact , it was n't initially a startup idea .
When Mark spoke at a YC dinner this winter he said he was n't trying to start a company when he wrote the first version of Facebook .
It was just a project .
So was the Apple I when Woz first started working on it .
He did n't think he was starting a company .
If these guys had thought they were starting companies , they might have been tempted to do something more " serious , " and that would have been a mistake .
So if you want to come up with organic startup ideas , I 'd encourage you to focus more on the idea part and less on the startup part .
Just fix things that seem broken , regardless of whether it seems like the problem is important enough to build a company on .
If you keep pursuing such threads it would be hard not to end up making something of value to a lot of people , and when you do , surprise , you 've got a company . [ 3 ]
Do n't be discouraged if what you produce initially is something other people dismiss as a toy .
In fact , that 's a good sign .
That 's probably why everyone else has been overlooking the idea .
The first microcomputers were dismissed as toys .
And the first planes , and the first cars .
At this point , when someone comes to us with something that users like but that we could envision forum trolls dismissing as a toy , it makes us especially likely to invest .
While young founders are at a disadvantage when coming up with made - up ideas , they 're the best source of organic ones , because they 're at the forefront of technology .
They use the latest stuff .
They only just decided what to use , so why would n't they ?
And because they use the latest stuff , they 're in a position to discover valuable types of fixable brokenness first .
There 's nothing more valuable than an unmet need that is just becoming fixable .
If you find something broken that you can fix for a lot of people , you 've found a gold mine .
As with an actual gold mine , you still have to work hard to get the gold out of it .
But at least you know where the seam is , and that 's the hard part .
Notes
[ 1 ] This suggests a way to predict areas where Apple will be weak : things Steve Jobs does n't use .
E.g. I doubt he is much into gaming .
[ 2 ]
In retrospect , we should have become direct marketers .
If I were doing Viaweb again , I 'd open our own online store .
If we had , we 'd have understood users a lot better .
I 'd encourage anyone starting a startup to become one of its users , however unnatural it seems .
[ 3 ] Possible exception :
It 's hard to compete directly with open source software .
You can build things for programmers , but there has to be some part you can charge for .
Thanks to Sam Altman , Trevor Blackwell , and Jessica Livingston for reading drafts of this .
Paul on the issues
I 've noticed some of Rand Paul 's supporters arguing that Paul 's radical views on federal regulation do n't matter because he wo n't have to vote on things like repealing the Civil Rights Act , or , as Conor Friedersdorf says , repealing the minimum wage or a bill allowing employers to hire as many illegal immigrants as they want .
But that 's confusing the issue .
Paul will almost certainly have to vote on changes to the minimum wage and policies enforcing the prohibition on hiring illegal immigrants .
If he thinks both enterprises are illegitimate , that 's probably going to affect how he votes .
And if it 's not , if his position is going to be that " I do n't think the federal government should bar the hiring of illegal immigrants but so long as it is , let 's all get biometric ID cards so it 's effective , " then let him tell us that .
Update : Speaking of which , it looks like Paul is already getting -- and dodging -- questions on the minimum wage .
" It 's not a question of whether they can or cannot , " he says .
" I think that 's decided . "
Pointedly , he does n't say if he thinks it was decided correctly .
One argument Friedersdorf makes in his post is that states rights and federal regulation matter a lot less these days than things like the PATRIOT Act .
But the PATRIOT Act , of course , was a response to an unexpected event .
The national agenda can change very rapidly , but senators do n't stand for reelection very often .
So the fact that Paul wo n't answer these questions is a serious problem .
After all , he 's not saying he 'll recuse himself from voting on these issues , so it 's not appropriate for him to refuse to answer straightforward questions on these issues .
Orlo Kinney could make a pizza that tasted just like Domino’s .
His hoagie looked just like Cap’n Frank’s .
And on fried chicken night , you would swear you had one of the Colonel ’s breasts in your mouth .
“ It ’s a gift , ” he told his friends , when he spoke of his talent for replicating the recipes of famous fast food dishes .
He enjoyed his hobby to its fullest .
But last Monday it took a tragic turn .
While trying to replicate McDonald ’s double - cheeseburger , Orlo Kinney ’s house exploded .
He was n’t injured , though he was killed .
“ I knew he was tinkering with the double - cheeseburger , ” said friend Ira Bausch .
“ I told him , ‘ Slow down , cowboy .
People spend years at hamburger college before they tackle McDonald ’s recipes .
You ’re good , but God you ai n ’t ’. ”
Kinney was especially fond of onions , and Bausch believes it might have been a skewed ketchup - to - onion ratio that triggered the explosion .
“ He was always pushing the hamburger envelope .
It was only a matter of time before the hamburger pushed back . ”
We ’ll gather at St. Michael ’s church on Saturday to say goodbye to Orlo Kinney , a true Chrislip original .
He was very good at what he did , except for that last thing .
And when we gape at his remains in his coffin , we will all be thinking the same thing :
“ Well done . ”
The fight between Apple and Adobe over Flash on the iPhone OS has all the trappings of a major industry rift .
No one doubts at this point that Apple is on a mission to kill Flash .
After many long years , the on- again , off - again conflict between two companies that have relied on one another since the early days of the Mac has finally gone nuclear .
READ THE INFOWORLD FLASH PEACE PLAN DETAILS
THEN VOTE ON IT BELOW
< a href = " http://answers.polldaddy.com/poll/3152631/ " >< span style= " color :#900 ; font - family : ' Trebuchet MS ' , Arial , Helvetica , sans - serif ; font - size : 12 px ; height : auto ; " >
How should the Flash - on - iPhone dispute be resolved ?</ span></a>< br />< br />< span style = " font - size :7px ; " >< a href = " http://polldaddy.com/features-surveys/ " target= " _blank " > PollDaddy Market Research</a></span >
This conflagration is a bad way to step into the mobile Internet future .
Flash , for all its flaws , is ubiquitous to the Web and essential to rich interaction on a huge number of sites .
Were it not barred from the iPad and iPhone , it would be one of the shortest paths to creating rich Internet applications that run across multiple mobile platforms ( including Android ) , not to mention every major desktop browser .
[ InfoWorld 's Eric Knorr urges users to stop bashing Flash .
| Neil McAllister argues that it 's time to say " good riddance " to Flash .
| Keep up on the top tech news and analyses with the InfoWorld Daily newsletter . ]
At InfoWorld.com , we believe such lockouts of technology , however well rationalized , could eventually lead to an Internet future of multiple , incompatible platforms that demand multiple proprietary technologies .
Give peace between Apple and Adobe a chance
In a spirit of fairness , with full knowledge that we will be shot at by both sides , InfoWorld would like to propose a peace plan .
Both sides need to compromise ; this is not simply a matter of Steve Jobs opening his platform to Flash .
Adobe must take a step toward openness as well and help ensure that developers create Flash apps that are secure , stable , and suited to mobile use .
Before we get to the details of the peace plan , however , a review of the conflict at hand is in order .
The roots of conflict : From PostScript to Safari crashes
You could argue that the antipathy between Apple and Adobe goes all the way back to 1989 .
In 1985 , during Steve Jobs ' first stint as CEO , Apple licensed PostScript to create the first PostScript laser printer and invested in Adobe because of the promise he saw in the technology .
The result was the desktop publishing revolution .
But the relationship soured four years later , after Jobs was forced out of Apple , when Adobe and Apple fought over scalable font technology , which Adobe jealously guarded .
Apple teamed up with Microsoft to create a competitor , known now as TrueType , and Adobe was forced to back down .
While today 's clash is ostensibly about Flash , in Steve Jobs ' now - infamous post on the Apple site , Adobe the company is in the line of fire as well .
Application stability .
Jobs claims that Flash is responsible for more Mac OS X system crashes than any other software , and he does n't want the iPhone OS to suffer the same instability .
This claim is completely credible .
Many , many Flash apps are created by so - called programmers who have no clue about memory utilization , cleanup , and the like .
It 's easy to create Flash apps that consume all of a browser 's memory , interfere with other Flash or JavaScript apps , do n't close properly , and generally obstruct the user and the browser .
Adobe has hardly helped these amateur developers avoid these problems in its Flash Pro software ; there 's a reason that several Flash - blocking browser plug-ins are available to prevent Flash - induced browser crashes .
Moreover , the new version of InDesign lets you export Flash SWF presentations directly from your layout , complete with button actions and animations .
How good is that code ?
More reason to worry that maybe Adobe can't deliver a quality Flash Player for mobile : Adobe began shipping Flash Lite players in 2006 for several mobile operating systems , but they do n't run much standard Flash content .
Even today , Flash Lite is buggy and unreliable on devices such as the new Android - based HTC Droid Incredible .
Having spent time in numerous repressive states , such as Cuba , Egypt , Iran , Syria , Saudi Arabia and China , there is no indication that these nations are any better at protecting their citizens from the darkest recesses of the internet or the mind .
Millions of users find ways around filtering services provided by Western multinationals .
Besides , tell me how trying to ban YouTube videos of men kissing or women driving – both illegal acts in brutal , US - backed Saudi Arabia – proves anything other than officials will filter material that suits their political agenda ?
Who here trusts our government , of any stripe , to transparently only block content that is harmful to children ?
Already in Europe there are debates about banning websites that allegedly endorse terrorism .
But who decides ?
Resistance movements that oppose American and Australian actions in Iraq and Afghanistan ?
Elected Palestinian parties such as Hamas backed by millions of Arabs ?
The powerful Lebanese group Hezbollah , regarded as a terrorist organisation in many Western capitals , but lionised across the Muslim world ?
We are not far from the day in this country when shrieking voices will advocate the filtering of political content that offends certain sensibilities , ethnic groups , racial minorities or political parties .
This does not mean it 's good public policy designed to improve social harmony .
Censorship is always about a form of control .
No society has complete freedom of speech but we should be very mindful of any governments that tell us filtering will be painless and cost - free .
Although tools such as Facebook , Twitter , YouTube and mobile phones are invaluable in connecting dissidents , activists and protesters , as we saw in Iran last year during the post- election uprising , authorities can equally use the same technology to monitor and find perceived enemies .
This is censorship on heat , killing any chance of web utopia .
Democracy does n't arrive through the net ; it comes through people power .
Government censorship merely reinforces the fear of change and shows citizens how afraid dictatorships are of true democracy and public engagement .
If anything , it can harm democratic aspirations of the oppressed by giving unprecedented insight into people 's private lives and movements .
Social ills are not reversed .
For example , in Iran heroin addiction is soaring due to its easy accessibility from a chaotic neighbouring Afghanistan .
Blocking websites that either celebrate its use or provide information how to find the drug of choice has had no effect on the problem .
The internet is unlike any other medium .
Books , films and art can be relatively easily banned , mass distribution stopped with the flick of a pen .
Websites can move , evolve and re-emerge days , weeks or months later .
Respecting the intelligence of a parent to monitor a child 's activities is seemingly beyond the capability of many Western states , including Norway , Finland , the UK , Denmark , the Netherlands and New Zealand , nations that have all blocked sites said to contain child pornography but impacts on limiting access to the obscene content has been minimal .
We do n't oppose schools , teachers and parents implementing methods to help protect children from harmful online content but the Rudd government appears incapable of understanding that imposing a draconian system only brings suspicion and resistance .
In a modest sign of self - policing , Facebook UK recently announced increased online safety , including a 24 - hour police hotline and education campaign to manage cyber - bullying and stalking .
Let 's look at some classic overseas examples .
The implementation of internet censorship in Iran is comical .
Type the name of former American vice - president Dick Cheney into a search engine and you 'll be blocked from going any further .
" Dick " is a supposedly sexual word for repressed Iranian officials .
But Richard Cheney is fine .
Also " teen " , " oral " , " cock " , " Asian " and thousands of others are banned .
Even singer Bruce Springsteen was inaccessible during my visit in 2007 because it contained the word " teen " .
The word " woman " was sometimes filtered .
" Queer " and " wanker " are OK words but many gay and trans - gender sites are blocked .
Unsurprisingly , enterprising individuals are designing software to bypass these rules .
The Islamic Republic is an extreme case – aided and abetted in their censorship by companies such as Nokia and Siemens who sold a monitoring centre to Tehran in 2008 – but growing numbers of countries see Iran and China as the model of " stability " .
Market freedom but political repression .
Perhaps it 's time to admit in the West that we do n't know what we 're doing .
While internet use is booming across the world – in the past year alone , more than 21 million Indonesians from fewer than a million 12 months before now use Facebook , making it the world 's third largest Facebook community – many non-democratic nations are using similar arguments to Western states in monitoring the web .
In late April , the United Arab Emirates announced that the interior ministry would check the identity of anyone using the internet in public places to fight cyber - crime and child pornography .
Communications Minister Stephen Conroy surely gave the UAE his talking points .
The web is as powerful as its users and as influential as we all want it to be .
It 's not infallible or perfect and any democracy should care what content is available .
But for governments to be trusted to censor content , with the churches riding bareback alongside their ideological colleagues , should worry us all .
This is an edited version of a speech given as part of the affirmative panel at Tuesday night 's iQ2 debate on the proposition that governments should not censor the internet .
Antony Loewenstein is a Sydney journalist and author of My Israel Question and The Blogging Revolution .
Shane Victorino was looking forward to going to Toronto on the same weekend as the G20 Summit , with many of the world 's political and financial leaders in attendance .
But Victorino , like the rest of the Phillies , will gladly take three extra home games instead after Major League Baseball announced Tuesday that the June 25 - 27 series between the Phillies and Blue Jays will be moved from the Rogers Centre to Citizens Bank Park .
" I wanted to be around it , " Victorino said .
" You always hear people talking about it .
I do n't want to see the protesters .
But to be in a city where every single high - powered political figure is there ... I can only imagine the security .
But I think on the other end , for us , it would have been difficult .
We might have to be over at the field at a certain time because of security . "
The Phillies will be the road team in their own ballpark and American League rules will apply , meaning there will be a designated hitter .
But instead of big crowds in Toronto for Roy Halladay 's return after the Jays traded him to Philadelphia last winter , the Phillies should have three sellouts at home , filled with their fans .
Baseball commissioner Bud Selig said there was no alternative .
" After reviewing all of the options with the parties and taking all of the security considerations into account , it was determined that the best course of action is to play the series in Philadelphia , " Selig said in a statement .
" I appreciate the cooperation of the Blue Jays , the Phillies and all of the parties who have helped resolve this challenging situation . "
Blue Jays CEO
Paul Beeston did n't like moving the games , but he , too , could n't find an alternative .
The Rogers Centre is on the outer edge of the security zone , where there will be a tight perimeter .
Beeston said playing the games in Philadelphia will be " revenue neutral " for his team .
The Phillies will get a certain percentage to cover their costs for operating and staffing the games .
" This was an extremely difficult decision , and one which we did not take lightly , " Beeston said .
" By moving our games to Philadelphia , we are acting in the best interests of our fans , our employees , the players and the game of baseball .
We did not want to move the games , but in looking at the realities of this situation , we felt that relocation was the most prudent course of action . "
The Jays are hoping that MLB will put the Phillies on their schedule for next season in Toronto so they can honor Halladay .
The Phillies , meanwhile , are n't complaining .
They feel they already have a tough interleague schedule with six games against the Red Sox , three against the Yankees and three against the Twins , all playoff teams last season .
Now , they will have a nine - game homestand , and a 10 - game road trip will be shortened to seven .
" I think it 's all right , " Phillies manager Charlie Manuel said about getting the extra home games .
" That 's kind of how I look at it . "
As for batting first at home and possibly wearing road uniforms , Victorino said : " That 's going to be interesting .
It 'll be unusual . "
That I why I bought a gun .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
That scenario pictured there ?
Is just ripe for the guy to smash open the door , grab her damned gun , and then shoot her with it .
She 'd be better off with not opening the freaking door before she knows who it is .
Dumbass .
Reply
Thread
Link
IT'S A TRAP !
.. oh , you said tramp .
Reply
Thread
Link
Advertising does n't change much , does it ?
( and keep the door closed , idiot . )
Too bad she does n't have a barking dog instead .
Reply
Thread
Link
Or you could look through the peephole .
Reply
Thread
Link
... and if you do n't have a peephole , you can put that new gun to use and make one real quick , the Iver Johnson way .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
How come she did n't ask who it was ?
Reply
Thread
Link
she just felt like shooting some fucker !!!
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
I hate those damn telegrams !
Reply
Thread
Link
" I . . . am . . . your singing telegram ! "
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
It 's such a shame that nobody had thought to develop the peephole .
Reply
Thread
Link
Aw , man , this is the unfunniest knock knock joke I 've ever seen ...
Reply
Thread
Link
Selling guns to women in 1910 was probably extremely progressive by that era's standards .
Also this ad is badass .
Reply
Thread
Link
She 's totally hot , no ?
I love her flippy little hairdo , and that peignoir !
Rawr !
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Maybe there 's a guy at her door at that hour of the night because SHE'S a tramp .
Reply
Thread
Link
This comment wins .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
If it 's a telegram , I feel sorry for the person delivering said telegram .
I hope she knows how to use that gun , and I 'm not saying that just because she 's female .
If a person is going to own a gun , they had better know how to use it rather than just hoping that whoever at the door sees the gun and is going to be intimidated enough to scram .
Reply
Thread
Link
" Who 's there ? "
" Candygram . "
" .... "
" Land shark . "
BLAM BLAM BLAM !
Reply
Thread
Link
I LOL 'd for real .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Anti-religious campaigners have condemned the conviction of a " militant atheist " who left rude images in Liverpool Airport 's prayer room .
The National Secular Society called for the " draconian " law used against Harry Taylor to be changed .
Taylor , 59 , of Griffen Street , Salford , denied at Liverpool Crown Court religiously aggravated intentional harassment , alarm or distress .
The Crown Prosecution Service said each case should be treated on its merits .
The atheist admitted leaving images of important religious figures in sexual poses but said he was simply challenging the views of others .
All we can do is to look at each on its merits
Crown Prosecution Service
The chaplain at the airport , who was " severely distressed " by the discoveries in November and December 2008 , immediately reported the images to the police , prosecutors said .
Taylor , who has been released on bail , will be sentenced on 23 April .
The maximum sentence for such an offence is seven years in prison .
Terry Sanderson , president of the National Secular Society , said the prosecution had brought blasphemy laws " in through the back door " .
' Slightly eccentric '
He said : " This is a disgraceful verdict , but an inevitable one under this pernicious law .
" It seems incredible in the 21st Century that you might be sent to prison because someone is ' offended ' by your views on their religion .
" The blasphemy law was abolished three years ago , but it lives on under the guise of religiously aggravated offences and is several times more dangerous .
" Mr Taylor struck me as slightly eccentric and he acted in a provocative way . "
He added : " In a multicultural society , none of us should have the legal right not to be offended .
This law needs to be re-examined urgently . "
The Crown Prosecution Service ( CPS ) said it treated each case on an individual basis .
A spokeswoman said : " All we can do is to look at each on its merits .
" We had a realistic chance of conviction , which was obviously seen in what happened in court . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Italian city of Orvieto , a little over an hour ’s journey north of Rome , perches atop a massive , impregnable spur of volcanic rock , but that forbidding first impression dissipates quickly in the friendly , hospitable maze of its medieval streets .
The city ’s history goes back to Etruscan times , when it was called Velzna and managed an important religious sanctuary ( recently rediscovered near the fairgrounds at the foot of what locals call “ The Rock ” ) ; today Orvieto ’s most conspicuous treasures are wine , ceramics , and art — and , of course , this being Italy , the food ( a local pasta called umbrichelli , truffles , mushrooms , game ) .
It is hard to imagine that so thoroughly beguiling a place was ever famous for anything but the bounty of its generous earth .
But Orvieto used to be different , as we can see from one of the city ’s greatest artistic treasures : a terrifying Renaissance Apocalypse , painted by Luca Signorelli between 1499 and 1504 .
Here , in a series of frescoes created for a side chapel of Orvieto ’s cathedral , blood rains down from the heavens , meteors pelt the earth , hairy blue - green demons torment the damned with astounding inventiveness , angelic trumpets blast the dead clean out of their graves .
And in the midst of all the chaos we see the Antichrist , pausing in the middle of a sermon to hear what his demonic advisor instructs him to say next .
Luca Signorelli : Sermon and Deeds of the Antichrist ( 1499 –1504 )
The Apocalypse is a rare subject for Italian artists , and this is one of the only known images painted of the Antichrist .
It is also one of the most menacing works an Italian painter ever created .
But then Orvieto , friendly , beautiful Orvieto , was a completely different city five hundred years ago , a place where a sensitive soul like Luca Signorelli might come to imagine the full depth of human depravity .
In 1499 , this Umbrian town was a disease - ridden den of eight thousand souls whose chief claim to notoriety was their enthusiasm for fighting with one another ; before 1321 , Dante ’s Purgatory had ranked the city and its feuding clans , the Monaldeschi and Filippeschi , right up with the Montagues and Capulets of Verona .
The Monaldeschi eventually won , wrecked their rivals ’ neighborhood — the damage is still visible — and then proceeded to squabble among themselves .
When the fifty - five - year - old Signorelli climbed up The Rock to earn the hundred and eighty scudi he was paid for this commission , the streets of Orvieto wound among half - ruined buildings of dark volcanic stone ; only the Cathedral ’s white - and - gray striped marble facade lifted the general gloom .
Plague claimed two or three victims a day .
The city ’s official governor was none other than Cesare Borgia .
It must have been relatively easy in that setting for Signorelli to imagine what the end of the world might look like .
At first glance , the commanding preacher looks remarkably like Jesus delivering the Sermon on the Mount , but swiftly the details give him away as a completely different presence : his audience is rich , and so are the proceeds from his performance — this is no place for “ blessed are the meek , for they shall inherit the earth . ”
The Antichrist ’s demonic prompter hovers so close that we can no longer tell whose left arm is wrapped in the overfold of the preacher ’s pink toga , his own or the fiend’s .
The irises of the Antichrist ’s eyes are so uncannily pale as to be almost invisible .
Two kinds of people pay the Antichrist close attention .
To his left ( our right ) , a pink - clad dandy echoes the colors of his robe , though the dandy wears Renaissance hose and doublet rather than the Antichrist ’s classical toga .
This figure is sometimes identified as a member of the perpetually feuding Monaldeschi family ( who also endowed the chapel where these paintings appear ) .
He certainly represents the same social class as the Monaldeschi , the feudal aristocracy that could afford to clothe its young people in showy silks like these and train the men in the arts of war .
By 1500 , there were too many of these young warriors in central Italy , career soldiers who fought each other in the absence of some more distant enemy like the French or the Turks .
Warfare could bring in huge profits , but only if the looting took place far away ; local battles only hurt the economy of both victors and vanquished .
And the economy is clearly on Signorelli ’s mind , because the Antichrist , as we can see , has been engaged in a fund - raising campaign .
( A war chest ?
The pedestal on which he stands shows a warrior on horseback ) .
Piles of gold lie at the Antichrist ’s feet as testimony to his success , but now he pauses to hear the demon ’s instructions about how to wheedle still more contributions from the audience .
Off to his right , our left , one of his henchmen is working the crowd .
Bearded , hook - nosed , dressed in a fur - lined robe with a green hat on his head , an open purse in his hand , the man would have been immediately recognized by sixteenth - century viewers as a Jew , handing out money to the women who gather around him .
There were a few dozen Jews living in Signorelli ’s Orvieto , mingled in with the local population , many of them professionals , working as doctors , merchants , and moneylenders .
Some of them were refugees from Spain , like Moïsé de Blanis , at the time Orvieto ’s most prominent physician and manufacturer of wool mattresses , as well as a banker , rabbi , and scholar .
Signorelli ’s fresco suggests that the Jewish presence in Orvieto , and especially in Orvieto ’s economy , is a malevolent one ; for example , the blonde woman who takes money from the fur - clad Jew is barefoot , with uncovered head — anything but respectable .
The coin he proffers is , in effect , the price of her virtue .
Just behind the Antichrist , a knot of friars argues over an open Bible .
They wear the habits of all the major orders : gray - clad Franciscans , black - clad Benedictines and Augustinians , and , in the center of it all , a Dominican in white robe and black mantle who seems to be guiding the discussion .
For most of the previous century , preaching friars , Dominicans above all , had thundered relentlessly against Jewish moneylenders , urging Christians to found civic banks that lent money at less onerous rates .
The situation for Italy ’s Jews was growing steadily more difficult , and Luca Signorelli ’s fresco , for all its striking imagery , marks a new spirit of hostility toward the Jews of Orvieto .
Moïsé de Blanis did not live to see the worst of it ; he was murdered in 1535 .
But his son , Laudadio , another doctor and rabbi , would see the establishment of ghettos in Rome , Florence and Venice and suffer banishment from Orvieto simply for his religion .
Presumably we are meant to see this gathering of stern - faced friars as the antidote to the Antichrist ’s malignant sermon , but Signorelli has set up enough visual parallels between the friar and the Tempter that we can never be entirely sure .
There is , however , one thing we can be sure about .
The Orvieto we see today , prosperous and friendly , is a hard - won achievement , not a natural fact .
Its second Renaissance began in the nineteenth century , when the railroad and a clever water - powered funicular put it definitively on travelers ’ maps , and once again its old Etruscan tradition of hospitality took over from feudal isolation .
Even so , one of the city ’s greatest cultural benefactors of the early twentieth century , the Jewish count Rodolfo Teofilo Cahen ( who lived in a former Monaldeschi castle ) , was forced into exile in 1938 by Mussolini ’s infamous “ racial laws . ”
Major Events
Since the launch of ACW five years ago several major events that brought together some of the most revered scholars from within Islam and Christianity have been organized .
These events have lead to joint declarations , the establishment of institutes and much more .
Image caption Ray Alan performed with Laurel and Hardy early in his career
Ventriloquist Ray Alan has died suddenly at the age of 79 , his agent has announced .
The showman was known for his upper class puppet Lord Charles , who usually appeared to be drunk .
Alan , from Reigate , Surrey , was a TV regular from the 1950s to the 1980s , appearing on shows including variety serial The Good Old Days .
In later years he was an entertainer on QE2 cruises , taking a break from showbusiness in 2008 due to ill health .
Old age had also made it increasingly difficult for him to control his puppet .
Alan - always accompanied by Lord Charles - was often a guest on TV shows including Celebrity Squares , Give Us A Clue and 3 - 2 - 1 .
He clocked up the most appearances on The Good Old Days , where he and Lord Charles made their TV debut .
Alan began his career as a teenager , with his ventriloquism act developing from pretending there were voices coming from a box on stage .
Lord Charles ' character was based on a man he saw at a cabaret show , with his face modelled on Stan Laurel .
In 1954 he worked with Laurel and Hardy after fellow ventriloquist Harry Worth was forced to pull out of a show .
His puppet became famous for his catchphrase " you silly arse " and having an eye for glamorous women .
Image caption Ray Alan was a regular on The Good Old Days
His agent Peter Pritchard , who worked with him for 30 years , said : " Technically he was regarded as Britain 's top ventriloquist .
You could n't see his mouth moving .
" He was tremendously well - liked in the business and he had been in the entertainment business all his life , " he added .
Speaking to the BBC in 2006 , Alan said of his puppet sidekick : " Oh , no , I 'm not one of those ventriloquists who thinks he 's real .
" When I finish my work I put it back in the tool box and I do n't take it out again until the next job . "
Sea Shepherd said Mr Bethune was now a " political prisoner " A New Zealand anti-whaling activist who boarded a Japanese harpoon ship has been charged with five offences , including trespass and causing injury .
Pete Bethune , of the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society , boarded the Shonan Maru 2 in February , and tried to make a citizen 's arrest of its captain .
The incident happened as Sea Shepherd activists attempted to disrupt Japan 's annual whale hunt in Antarctic waters .
If found guilty , Mr Bethune could face up to 15 years in prison .
Mr Bethune had been in command of Sea Shepherd 's hi-tech speedboat , the Ady Gil , when it was sliced in two in a collision with the Shonan Maru 2 in January .
All six crew members escaped unharmed .
On 15 February , Mr Bethune boarded the Shonan Maru , saying he wanted to arrest its captain , Hiroyuki Komiya , and present him with a bill for the damage .
He was detained on the ship and taken to Japan , where he was formally arrested for trespass earlier this month .
A spokeswoman at Tokyo's District Court said he had been charged with " trespassing , causing injuries , obstructing commercial activities , vandalism and carrying a weapon " , reported to have been a knife .
Chief Cabinet Secretary Hirofumi Hirano said Japan would " strictly deal with such cases under the law " , the AFP news agency reported .
The BBC's Roland Buerk in Tokyo said it could be several months before Mr Bethune 's case is heard in court but that he will be hoping the trial will bring Japan 's whaling industry under further scrutiny .
Charges ' bogus '
The crew of the Shonan Maru said the activists had tried to tangle a rope in their propeller and had thrown butyric acid at the ship , giving a " chemical burn " to one sailor .
Culture clash over whaling
Whale of a dilemma But Sea Shepherd has denied any of its activists caused injury and said the substance thrown was harmless , if unpleasant , rancid butter .
The Ady Gil incident was one of several clashes between Japan 's whaling fleet and Sea Shepherd activists in the Southern Ocean during the hunt season .
The group has described Mr Bethune as a " political prisoner " and says the charges against him are bogus .
" Shame on Japan for blowing Captain Bethune 's case out of proportion , and shame on Japanese maritime authorities for failing to investigate the serious criminal actions of the Shonan Maru 2 , " it said , in a statement .
It also accused New Zealand of being " surprisingly quiet " on the arrest .
The charges come a day after New Zealand 's representative on the International Whaling Commission said countries should be allowed to kill a limited number of whales .
Sir Geoffrey Palmer said attempts to reach a global deal on whaling would fail unless nations could compromise .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Japan abandoned commercial whaling in 1986 after agreeing to a global moratorium - but international rules allow it to continue hunting under the auspices of a research programme .
It says the annual hunt catches mostly minke whales , which are not an endangered species .
Conservationists say the whaling is a cover for the sale and consumption of whale meat .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Scientists have been flying over southern Iceland on Monday to evaluate whether a volcanic eruption which caused many local residents to be evacuated on Saturday , is now safe .
The Eyjafjallajoekull volcano began shooting ash and molten lava into the air on Saturday , after being dormant for 200 years , ripping a 1 km - long fissure in a field of ice .
It resulted in 500 local residents being evacuated from their homes .
The eruption also caused local and international flights to be cancelled .
By Matt Walker
Editor , Earth News
Gray whale sighted off Herzliya Marina
A gray whale has appeared off the coast of Israel , shocking conservationists .
Gray whales are thought to be extinct across the Atlantic Ocean , so the appearance of an individual within the Mediterranean Sea is a major surprise .
The whale may have inadvertently travelled a huge distance from its natural habitat thousands of kilometres away in the Pacific Ocean .
However , it raises the possibility that gray whales have returned to former haunts in the western hemisphere .
Photographic ID
Once , three major populations of gray ( also spelt grey ) whale existed : in the western and eastern North Pacific Ocean , and in the North Atlantic .
This discovery is truly amazing .
To find one in the North Atlantic , let alone the Mediterranean Sea , is bizarre in the extreme
Nicola Hodgins of the Whale and Dolphin Conservation Society
However , the North Atlantic population of gray whale became extinct sometime in the 17th or 18th Century , for reasons that are not clear .
No sightings of the species had been made in the Atlantic Ocean since .
That was until a single individual gray whale was sighted off the coast of Herzliya Marina , Israel .
On 9 May , researchers from the Israel Marine Mammal Research and Assistance Centre ( IMMRAC ) in Israel went to investigate .
They took photographs to identify the huge animal , which they have since confirmed is a gray whale .
" This discovery is truly amazing .
Today , gray whales only inhabit the Pacific Ocean , so to find one in the North Atlantic , let alone the Mediterranean Sea , is bizarre in the extreme , " says Nicola Hodgins of the Whale and Dolphin Conservation Society ( WDCS ) , which has its headquarters in Wiltshire , UK .
Scientists baffled
The WDCS says that experts are baffled by the whale 's appearance .
" Gray whales are well known for performing one of the world 's longest migrations , making a yearly round trip of 15,000 - 20,000 km , " says Ms Hodgins .
" Over a lifetime , a gray whale migrates the equivalent distance of a return trip to the moon .
" However , these new images show that this particular whale would have had to beat all previous distance records to end up where it has . "
It would also have had to swim a circuitous route to reach the Mediterranean , perhaps taking the extremely unlikely course of swimming up a major swimming canal that links the Pacific and Atlantic .
SOURCES
Visit the Whale and Dolphin Conservation Society
That raises the possibility that the whale did not swim into the Mediterranean Sea alone , but is part of a population that has recolonised parts of the Atlantic Ocean , and the Mediterranean Sea that links to it .
" Its presence off the coast of Israel will certainly pose a lot of questions to the scientific community , " says Ms Hodgins .
The Futenma Base and the U.S. - Japan Controversy : an Okinawan perspective
Yoshio SHIMOJI
Introduction
This year marks the fiftieth anniversary of the conclusion of the revised Japan - U.S. Mutual Security Treaty ( Ampo ) .
The original treaty was signed on September 8 , 1951 , the same day the San Francisco Peace Treaty was signed .
One of its provisions stipulated that Japan must guarantee the U.S. the same stable use of military bases as it did under the occupation .
Without accepting that requirement , Japan could never have won its independence .
Yoshida Shigeru signs the San Francisco Treaty for Japan Dean Acheson signs the San Francisco Treaty for the United States
This stipulation was carried over to the revised Mutual Security Treaty of 1960 ( Article 6 ) and with it the U.S. has been assured of its continued formidable military presence in Japan , dominating its sea , land and air space to this day .
Japan 's independence was also achieved at the cost of Okinawa , which was kept under harsh military administration until the reversion of its administrative rights to Japan in 1972 .
But even after reversion , the U. S. bases in Okinawa remained intact .
Today , the negative side of the Japan - U.S. Mutual Security Treaty appears most conspicuously in Okinawa , where 75 percent of U.S. bases and facilities in Japan are concentrated .
Although those bases and facilities ( totaling 85 in number , and 31,000 ha in area ) are formally offered to U.S. Forces under the Security Treaty , they are in essence spoils which U.S. forces won in war .
From Okinawa 's perspective , Japan 's independence appears only an illusion .
Japan is still a semi- independent or client nation unable to challenge Uncle Sam ’s demands ; hence , Prime Minister Hatoyama Yukio's wish list in his inaugural speech showcasing , among other things , the desire to make Japan a partner equal to the U.S .
Early history of Ginowan City
The U.S. Marine Corps Air Station Futenma , currently a hot issue straining the Japan - U.S. relationship because of the dispute over its relocation , is located in the middle of densely populated Ginowan City .
Houses cluster closely around the fences close together , even abutting the approach lights on both sides of the runway .
This unbelievable situation has something to do with the city 's post - war history .
While the battle was still going on in the south , the invading U.S. Army encroached upon large swaths of land in the central part of the island , where villages , farmland , school yards and cemeteries existed cheek by jowl with each other .
The people who surrendered or survived the battle were herded into concentration camps , mostly in the north .
When they were allowed to return home a few years after the war ended , many people from central Okinawa found their hometowns and villages turned into vast military bases .
Reluctantly , they began to live alongside barbed - wire fences , some earning a meager livelihood by working for the bases .
This is how Ginowan City , which now surrounds the Futenma Air Station , came into being [ 1 ] .
Futenma Air Station occupies 25 % of densely populated Ginowan City
In response to the strong demand of the residents of Ginowan for its closure because of various hazards it poses , Japan and the U.S. struck a deal in 1996 to close the base and return the land when a suitable relocation site was found elsewhere on the island .
Henoko as a site for relocation
Apparently , from early on , the U.S. had Henoko in mind as a site for the relocation .
The Marine Corps Okinawa submitted a blueprint every fiscal year to the Pentagon and eventually to the U.S. Congress for approval in the 1960's , with an air station and port facilities to be constructed on reclaimed land off the coast at Henoko .
Whether it would be a replacement for Futenma or an outright new air base is not clear , but the design for its functions was the same as the current V - shaped runway plan set forth in the United States - Japan Roadmap for Realignment Implementation agreed in 2006 ( hereafter called 2006 Road Map ) : to integrate the newly constructed air base with Camp Hansen , Camp Schwab and the central and northern training areas , thus strengthening military functions ( as had been the plans for Okinawan bases during the Vietnam War ) and deterrence capability against North Korea , China or Russia today [ 2 ] .
Map showing Futenma and Henoko sites
However , the ' 60's plan did n't materialize , probably because the U.S. Congress did n't pass the bill for the necessary appropriations due to skyrocketing expenditure on the Vietnam War , as Masaaki Gabe suggests [ 3 ] , or because U.S. lawmakers were afraid the whole project would prove useless if Okinawa were returned to Japan in the future .
The situation is totally different today , however .
If all goes according to Pentagon plans , Tokyo will shoulder all the expenses for land reclamation and the construction of runways and other facilities , not to mention the high - end equipment , as well as the cost of relocating thousands of US troops to Guam .
The Futenma issue started as part of the 1995 Special Actions Committee on Okinawa ( SACO ) initiative to reduce burdens on Okinawa .
But fifteen years later , the burdens remain as heavy , nor will they be lightened if Futenma 's operations are moved to another location within Okinawa .
Moving the base around in Okinawa or , more broadly , in Japan will clearly signal that Tokyo has yet again consented to a permanent U.S. military presence or " a life - of - the - alliance presence for U.S. forces " in Japan ( 2006 Road Map ) , a transparent cover term for the unlimited occupation of Japan .
This must be prevented by all means .
This is the essential issue concerning Futenma , one which cuts to the very heart of the U.S - Japan strategic alliance .
Marines and Washington 's explanation
Washington persists in saying that Henoko is the best site for the relocation of Futenma if Japan wishes to continue to maintain the American military deterrence capability , warning that contingencies could occur in the Pacific region , for example , in the Korean Peninsula or the Taiwan Straits , requiring the Marines ' presence as essential deterrence .
On January 6 , 2010 , the U.S. Marine Corps Okinawa announced its position on the relocation of Futenma .
In order to counter contingencies effectively , a helicopter squadron must be deployed within a 20 - minute distance from a base where ground forces are standing by .
This is why they claim Futenma 's function must be relocated to Henoko , which is adjacent to Camp Schwab and Camp Hansen where the Marines ' ground troops are stationed .
Aerial photograph of Cape Henoko
Note that this is an argument based on tactical rather than strategic reasoning .
According to this explanation , a helicopter squadron must pick up ground troops in 20 minutes and transport them to the frontline in a short span of time ( perhaps one hour ) .
But can one realistically imagine such a situation in and around Okinawa Island ?
Do the Marines think a ground battle similar to the World War II Battle of Okinawa will be replicated in the southern section of this island ?
Is Okinawa still a war zone in their thinking ?
Suppose war occurred in the Korean Peninsula and the Marines from Okinawa successfully landed there in one hour .
Would 17,000 Marines go into battle against North Korea 's 1.2 million standing army ?
The same issue pertains to the Taiwan Straits .
As is well known , China has a 1.6 million regular army .
Or can they function as a bulwark against potential missile attacks , say , by North Korea , China or Russia ?
Of course , the Marines alone may not work as deterrents against outside threats ; they may be an integral part of the USF Japan together with the Navy and the Air Force .
However , if contingencies occurred in the Korean Peninsula or in the Taiwan Straits , they would certainly have to increase their number substantially , probably to 500,000 troops at a minimum .
But assembling troops takes several weeks or even months as the Persian Gulf War and the initial stage of the Iraq War demonstrated .
Consequently , the explanation by the Marines and Washington that a helicopter squadron must be deployed within a 20 - minute distance from a base where ground forces stand by and , therefore , the claim that Henoko is the best relocation site for Futenma 's operations lacks credibility .
The Marines are n't here to defend Japan
The Okinawan press reports that Camp Hansen ( Kin ) and Camp Schwab ( Henoko ) are both empty shells these days because their occupants were deployed to Iraq and now to Afghanistan to fight against insurgents there .
Obviously , the U.S. Marines or the 3rd Marine Expeditionary Force , to be more specific , are stationed in Okinawa not to defend Japan as ballyhooed but simply to hone their assault skills in preparation for combat elsewhere .
It 's a cozy and easy place to train , with Tokyo providing prodigious financial aid , which Washington demands in the name of “ host nation support . ”
I liken it to turf dues exacted by an organized crime syndicate , which offers protection from rival gangs .
In 2003 , for example , Japan 's direct " host nation support " amounted to $ 3,228.43 million or $ 4,411.34 million if indirect support is added .
Compare these figures with Germany 's and Korea 's support .
Germany 's direct host nation support in the same year was $ 28.7 million ( 1/112th that of Japan ) and indirect support $ 1.535.22 million .
Korea 's direct host nation support in that same year was $ 486.31 million ( about 1/7th that of Japan ) and indirect support $ 356.5 million [ 4 ] .
For ten years from 2001 through 2010 , Japan shouldered an average annual sum of $ 2,274 million for host nation support [ 5 ] , which incidentally is known as " sympathy budget " as if Japan were voluntarily doling out money out of compassion for those U.S. service members who are deployed in this far - away country .
The amount Japan has financed to support USF Japan operations since the system started in 1978 totals an astounding $ 30 billion .
That the Marines are based in Okinawa not to defend Japan but mainly to strengthen U.S. interests in the Asia - Pacific and beyond is widely recognized , as the following quotation from GlobalSecurity.org suggests :
“ The Regiment ( 3rd Battalion 6th Marines ) continues to support the defense of the Nation by maintaining forces in readiness in support of contingency operations and unit deployments to the Mediterranean , Pacific rim and around the globe .
” ( Italics mine )
Pundit Kevin Rafferty is more direct saying , " some of the bases ( in Japan ) are staging - posts for deployment in Afghanistan and elsewhere [ 6 ] . "
When Marine contingents were compelled to move out of Gifu and Yamanashi Prefectures in mainland Japan in the face of mounting anti-U.S. base demonstrations and moved to Okinawa in the 1950's , a number of Pentagon strategists are reported to have cast doubt on the wisdom of such a shift .
The U.S. Army was the major element in the U.S. Forces in Okinawa during the occupation period which ended in 1972 with reversion .
Apparently , the Army recognized the limited value of being stationed in Okinawa and so withdrew , leaving behind only a few hundred troops .
The Marines grabbed this chance to expand their role and function , taking over everything from the departing Army .
They are not , however , deterrents against outside " threats " as they boast .
Guam Integrated Military Development Plan
Washington has remained adamant in insisting that Futenma 's operations be moved to Henoko .
On meeting Foreign Affairs Minister Okada Katsuya in Tokyo last October , U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates urged Tokyo to implement the agenda specified in the 2006 Road Map as soon as possible .
In return , Washington would relocate to Guam 8,000 ( later modified to 8,600 ) Marine personnel , consisting mostly of command elements : 3rd Marine Expeditionary Force Command Element , 3rd Marine Logistics Group Headquarters , 1st Marine Air Wing Headquarters , and 12th Marine Regiment Headquarters .
The remaining Marines in Okinawa would then be task force elements such as ground , aviation , logistics and other service support members .
Japan agreed under pressure to fund $ 6.09 billion of the estimated $ 10.27 billion for the facilities and infrastructure development costs — another example of extortion .
Upon completion of the relocation of Futenma 's function to Henoko and the transfer of the Marine command units to Guam , the U.S. would return six land areas south of Kadena Air Base , including the Marine Corps Air Station Futenma .
In trying to sell this package , Washington claims that this reduces Okinawa 's burdens tremendously .
Note , however , that these lands will be returned only if their replacements are found somewhere within Okinawa : for example , Henoko for Futenma , the very question which is straining the bilateral relationship .
The 2006 Road Map clearly states : " All functions and capabilities that are resident in facilities designated for return , and that are required by forces remaining in Okinawa , will be relocated within Okinawa .
These relocations will occur before the return of designated facilities . "
This is the gist of the 2006 agreement particular to bases on Okinawa .
However , a curious situation has developed over the U.S. Forces realignment .
Two months after the 2006 Road Map was agreed , the U.S. Pacific Command announced the Guam Integrated Military Development Plan , and on September 15 , 2008 the Navy Secretary , who also represents the Marines when dealing with Congress , submitted a report titled " Current Situation with the Military Development Plan in Guam " to the Chairman of the U.S. House of Representatives Committee on Armed Services [ 7 ] .
In April 2008 , this plan was entirely incorporated into the " Guam Integrated Master Plan , " and in November , 2009 a public hearing was held on a " Draft Environmental Impact Statement / Overseas Environmental Impact Statement [ 8 ] . "
These documents show that the U.S. military considers Guam strategically most important in the Asia - Pacific region and plans to transform already existing bases there into a colossal military complex by expansion and development .
The U.S. military 's strategic thinking is apparently motivated by the rise of China , particularly by China 's development of new types of long - range missiles .
The plan includes re-deploying 8,600 Marines now stationed in Okinawa and relocating most of the Marine capabilities , including helicopter and air transport units in Futenma , to Guam .
A Conundrum
How should we interpret this situation : Futenma 's relocation to Henoko so urgently demanded by the U.S. government , on the one hand , and the U.S. military 's Guam military development plan in which most of Futenma 's operations are to be moved to Guam , on the other ?
What is the current obfuscation all about ?
One answer may be that the U.S. government is manipulating the situation in order to retain every right to a permanent military presence in Japan .
This suggests that U.S. policymakers mistrust Japan and the Japanese people despite repeated statements that Japan is the U.S. 's most important ally .
In other words , their " deterrence " is not only directed against North Korea , China or Russia , but also against Japan .
When the Cold War ended with the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991 , many expected a substantial reduction of the U.S. footprint on Okinawa .
The drawdown of U.S. troops in Europe augured well for Okinawa , or so it seemed to me .
Then came the 1995 Nye Report and the new US policy based upon it , shattering Okinawan hopes and expectations .
On the pretext that the U.S. military presence was a driving force for keeping peace and prosperity in this allegedly volatile region , it announced that the U.S. would continue to maintain bases and troops in East Asia at approximately the same level as before .
William Cohen , Secretary of Defense under the Clinton administration , thwarted our hopes around 2000 , when the two Koreas seemed to be reducing tensions on the peninsula and even , perhaps inching to reunification , by saying that there would be no U.S. military withdrawal from Okinawa even if peace was established in a unified Korean Peninsula .
That the U.S. intends to perpetuate its military presence in Japan is evident from its insistence that not only Futenma 's operations be transferred to a new high tech base at Henoko , but also that other facilities such as Naha military port , whose return was promised years before Futenma , must be relocated within Okinawa .
The 2006 Road Map betrays Washington 's real intention by accidentally stating , " A bilateral framework to conduct a study on a permanent field - carrier landing practice facility will be established , with the goal of selecting a permanent site by July 2009 or the earliest possible date thereafter . "
( Italics mine )
The Defense Ministry 's bureaucrats and their close associates at the Ministry - affiliated National Institute for Defense seem well aware of Washington ’s designs , for their East Asia Strategic Review 2010 is written on this unspoken premise .
Concluding Remarks
As suggested above , the Futenma relocation issue is grounded on political rather than military foundations , and the party most responsible for this confusion is the U.S. government , not the Hatoyama government , despite the latter ’s ham - fisted handling of the matter .
U.S. Marine Corps Air Station Futenma should be closed down and the land returned to its legitimate owners unconditionally and without delay in accordance with the overwhelming wish of the Okinawan people .
The U.S. has no inherent right to demand a quid pro quo in exchange for its return .
Military training can be conducted on the vastness of U.S. soil with impunity and to their satisfaction .
Yoshio Shimoji , born in Miyako Island , Okinawa , M.S. ( Georgetown University ) , taught English and English linguistics at the University of the Ryukyus from April 1966 until his retirement in March 2003 .
This is a revised and expanded version of an article posted at the website of Peace Philosophy Centre .
Recommended citation : Yoshio Shimoji , " The Futenma Base and the U.S. - Japan Controversy : an Okinawan perspective , " The Asia - Pacific Journal , 18 - 5 - 10 , May 3 , 2010 .
Articles on related themes :
Gavan McCormack , The Travails of a Client State : An Okinawan Angle on the 50th Anniversary of the US - Japan Security Treaty
Kikuno Yumiko and Norimatsu Satoko , Henoko , Okinawa : Inside the Sit-In
Urashiima Etsuko and Gavan McCormack , Electing a Town Mayor in Okinawa : Report from the Nago Trenches
Iha Yoichi , Why Build a New Base on Okinawa When the Marines are Relocating to Guam ? : Okinawa Mayor Challenges Japan and the US
Iha Yoichi .
Ginowan City Mayor Iha Yoichi's letter to U.S. President George W. Bush dated October 15 , 2003 ( Japanese and English ) .
Posted at Ginowan City home page .
Tanaka Sakai , Japanese Bureaucrats Hide Decision to Move All US Marines out of Okinawa to Guam
Gavan McCormack , The Battle of Okinawa 2009 : Obama vs Hatoyama
Hayashi Kiminori , Oshima Ken’ichi and Yokemoto Masafumi , Overcoming American Military Base Pollution in Asia : Japan , Okinawa , Philippines
See also : the Peace Philosophy Center , particularly the two articles posted on March 16 , 2010 entry on recent plans for a new offshore base and plans for a naval base and casino .
Notes
[ 1 ] Land seizure was not limited to central Okinawa ; in fact , it was almost universal throughout the island at the time .
If that was the first wave of land seizure , the second one started in the early 50's , hard hitting Iejima , where 35.3 percent of the island 's land area is still military , the Isahama district of Ginowan and the Gushi district of Oroku ( later incorporated with Naha City ) .
Land expropriation was brutally undertaken , as Ota ( 1995 ) writes : " In some cases during the 1950's , bayonets and bulldozers were used to expropriate Okinawans ' land and uproot owners from their homes . "
It was indeed a flagrant violation of the Hague Convention ( Article 46 ) , which clearly states : " Family honour and rights , the lives of persons , and private property , as well as religious convictions and practice , must be respected .
Private property cannot be confiscated . "
[ 2 ] The Ryukyu Shimpo , June 4 , 2000 ( morning edition ) : pages 1 and 7 .
Also , The Okinawa Times , June 3 , 2001 ( morning edition ) : pages 1 , 3 and 21 .
[ 3 ] The Ryukyu Shimpo ( ibid . ) : page 7 .
[ 4 ]
See the U.S. Defense Department 's 2004 Statistical Compendium on Allied Contributions to the Common Defense .
[ 5 ] Japanese Ministry of Defense web site .
[ 6 ]
The Japan Times : April 27 , 2010 .
[ 7 ] Ginowan City Home Page .
[ 8 ] Yoshida .
2010 .
References
Ginowan City . 2010 .
" Possibility of Futenma 's Relocation to Guam , " Mayor 's explanatory document prepared for the Meeting on Okinawa 's Military Base Problems held December 12 , 2009 .
Home page .
Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Japan . 2006 .
" United States - Japan Roadmap for Realignment
Implementation "
McCormack , Gavan .
2007 .
Client State : Japan in American Embrace ( Japanese translation ) .
Gaifusha : Tokyo .
Ota , Masahide .
1995 .
Essays on Okinawan Problems ( English ) .
Yui Publishing Company : Okinawa .
____________. 2004 .
Discrimination against Okinawa and the Pacific Constitution ( Japanese ) .
BOC Publishing Company : Tokyo .
The National Institute for Defense .
2010 .
" East Asia Strategic Review 2010 " ( Japanese ) .
Rafferty , Kevin. 2010 .
" Hatoyama 's fate tied to Futenma " in the April 27 , 2010 Japan Times .
The Okinawa Times , June 3 , 2001 ( morning edition )
The Ryukyu Shimpo , June 4 , 2000 ( morning edition )
U.S. Department of Defense . 2004 .
" 2004 Statistical Compendium on Allied Contributions to the Common Defense " .
Yoshida , Kensei .
2007 .
Okinawa : The Military Colony ( Japanese ) .
Kobunken : Tokyo .
____________. 2010 .
Okinawa - Based Marines will Go to Guam ( Japanese ) .
Kobunken : Tokyo .
While some of Mr. Ensign ’s interactions with P2SA were first reported last month , the extent of them was not clear .
The senator ’s office said then that he had not provided any assistance to the company .
But subsequent interviews showed that his most senior Senate aides intervened in an effort to prevent the Las Vegas business from going under , a fact that Mr. Ensign no longer disputes .
“ Senator Ensign acted appropriately by contacting the company , ” Mr. Ensign ’s office said in a statement this week .
The office explained its earlier denial that the senator had helped the company by saying that it had meant he had not intervened in Washington to help the firm .
P2SA was one of a half - dozen companies that Mr. Ensign appealed to on Mr. Hampton ’s behalf , The New York Times has reported .
While the former aide never got work with P2SA , the interaction of Mr. Ensign and his staff with the company appears unusual , interviews with executives at the firm and a review of their e-mail messages showed .
Mr. Ensign asked about hiring Mr. Hampton in May 2008 , during a breakfast meeting in Las Vegas with top executives at P2SA , and a related company , BioDiesel of Las Vegas .
At the meeting , Mr. Ensign also asked the executives whether they would attend a campaign fund - raising event , recalled Bob Andrews , one of the executives .
The executives had their own request : they needed money to complete construction of a Las Vegas processing plant that would convert used cooking oil from casino hotels into vehicle fuel .
The company officials asked the senator to reach out to executives at Kinder Morgan , which already had a large operation in Las Vegas , about a partnership , executives associated with the project said .
According to a new study , men employed in occupations with potential exposure to high levels of sunlight have a reduced risk of kidney cancer compared with men who were less likely to be exposed to sunlight at work .
The study did not find an association between occupational sunlight exposure and kidney cancer risk in women .
Published early online in Cancer the study is the largest case - control study of kidney cancer to investigate the association with occupational sunlight exposure .
The study , however , did not include information on non-occupational sunlight exposure and does not address directly whether sunlight exposure can help prevent kidney cancer .
Research suggests that vitamin D , which is obtained from sun exposure , some foods , and from supplements , may help prevent some cancers .
Vitamin D is metabolized and most active within the kidneys .
Because both the incidence of kidney cancer and the prevalence of vitamin D deficiency have increased over the past few decades , Sara Karami , PhD , of the National Cancer Institute in Rockville , MD , and her colleagues designed a study to explore whether occupational sunlight exposure is associated with kidney cancer risk .
The study included 1,097 patients with kidney cancer and 1,476 individuals without cancer from four Central and Eastern European countries .
Demographic and lifetime occupational information was collected through in - person interviews and occupational sunlight exposure indices were estimated based on industry and job titles .
The investigators observed a 24 percent to 38 percent reduction in kidney cancer risk with increasing occupational sunlight exposure among male participants in the study .
No association between occupational sunlight exposure and kidney cancer risk was observed among females in the study .
The findings suggest that sunlight exposure may affect kidney cancer risk , although the authors have no explanation for the apparent differences in risk between men and women .
They offer several hypotheses for the observed differences .
Biological or behavioral differences between men and women may play a role .
For example , hormonal differences may influence the body 's response to sunlight exposure , females may have a higher tendency to use sunscreen on a regular basis , and men may be prone to working outdoors while shirtless .
It is also possible that the observed gender differences in risk were due to confounding by other unmeasured kidney cancer risk factors , such as recreational sunlight exposure and physical activity levels .
While this study 's findings raise the possibility of a link between sunlight exposure and kidney cancer risk , " they clearly need to be replicated in other populations and in studies that use better estimates of long - term ultraviolet exposure and vitamin D intake , " said Dr. Karami .
LEFT ：Distribution of para - H2 in Jupiter from mid-infrared wavelengths .
Data taken by COMICS at Subaru Telescope .
( 2008 June 24 )
This neutral component is a tracer of the vigorous upwelling taking place in the centre of each of these giant anticyclones .
Dark regions show strong upwelling motions , light regions are subsiding .
RIGHT : HST composite color map of visible light .
( 2008 June 28 )
( PhysOrg.com ) --
New , ground - breaking thermal images obtained with powerful ground - based telescopes show swirls of warmer air and cooler regions never seen before within Jupiter 's Great Red Spot .
The thermal images were obtained by the COMICS ( Cooled Mid-Infrared Camera and Spectrometer ) instrument attached to the National Observatory of Japan 's Subaru Telescope in Hawaii , the VISIR ( Very Large Telescope Imager and Spectrometer for the mid-InfraRed ) instrument at ESO 's ( European Southern Observatory ) Very Large Telescope in Chile and the TReCS ( Thermal - Region Camera Spectrograph ) instrument at the Gemini South telescope in Chile .
The images have provided an unprecedented level of resolution and extended the coverage provided by NASA 's Galileo spacecraft in the late 1990s .
Together with observations of the deep cloud structure by the 3 - meter NASA Infrared Telescope Facility in Hawaii , the level of thermal detail observed from these giant telescope is , for the first time , comparable to visible - light images from the NASA / ESA Hubble Space Telescope .
COMICS is probably the only instrument available that can capture images at such long wavelengths , thus allowing observations of para - H2 , a specific condition of molecular hydrogen .
Maps of the para - H2 ratio across the Great Red Spot were obtained at nearly the same resolution as the visible - light images .
This important component of the study provided an indirect map of the strength of vertical winds and verified the prevailing upwelling of winds in the spot with downwelling components at its periphery and a downwelling component in the lower center .
These images will enable scientists to make the first detailed interior weather map of this giant storm system and link the temperature , winds , pressure and composition of Jupiter 's Great Red Spot with its color .
Explore further Jupiter 's Spot Seen Glowing
Provided by Subaru Telescope
Nearly 80,000 chemicals are in use in the United States , and yet only a few hundred have been tested for safety , the report notes .
It criticizes the nation ’s regulatory approach , calling it reactionary rather than precautionary , which means that the government waits for proof of harm before taking action , instead of taking preventive steps when there is uncertainty about a chemical .
Regulation is ineffective , the panel says , in part because of inadequate staffing and financing , overly complex rules , weak laws , uneven enforcement and undue industry influence .
The report looks at contaminants from a variety of sources : industry , agriculture , air and water , medical imaging and contaminated military sites .
It also considers natural hazards , like radon gas in homes and arsenic in drinking water .
The report concludes , “ At this time , we do not know how much environmental exposures influence cancer risk . ”
Dr. Michael
Thun , an epidemiologist from the cancer society , said in an online statement that the report was “ unbalanced by its implication that pollution is the major cause of cancer , ” and had presented an unproven theory — that environmentally caused cases are grossly underestimated — as if it were a fact .
The cancer society estimates that about 6 percent of all cancers in the United States — 34,000 cases a year — are related to environmental causes ( 4 percent from occupational exposures , 2 percent from the community or other settings ) .
Suggesting that the risk is much higher , when there is no proof , may divert attention from things that are much bigger causes of cancer , like smoking , Dr. Thun said in an interview .
Post Content
Panels from Blondie , 3/14/10
Sunday ’s Blondie as a whole , in which Dagwood chases ( or is chased by ? ) a tiny owl that may or may not be a figment of his imagination through his own house is itself a worthwhile bit of fine entertaining madness .
Still , I have to say that the two throwaway panels on their own constitute a delightfully weird bit of art that deserves to be showcased in isolation .
Dagwood ’s just trotting along , presumably from the couch to the refrigerator , or from bed to the bath , hands in pockets , when he gets WHOO ’d at .
I love that his immediate reaction is not fear or panic at this unfamiliar sound , but just a mere and casual “ what ? ” as if he could work this whole thing out if only he could hear it better .
Panel from Mary Worth , 3/14/10
Mary Worth ’s epigraphical madness continues , as she ’s moved beyond indie rock darlings like Leonard Cohen and Daniel Johnston to late 19th / early 20th century radical Emma Goldman .
SEPARATED AT BIRTH ???
If it turns out that all of Mary ’s seemingly petty meddling has been part of a long - term plan to further the cause of anarcho - syndicalist revolution , I for one will be very impressed .
How ever you made that baby , Happy Mother ’s Day .
A fifteen page story about the MMR vaccination controversy .
As ever , I 'm sure a few spelling errors have slipped past me .
Feel free to point any out so I can correct them .
The reference links for the strip are in the next blog entry .
Now !
Let 's have a heated debate !
2013 update .
Since I wrote this blog entry , this cartoon strip as well as many others on such subjects as homeopathy , chiropratic , evolution , and the supposed NASA Moon hoax landings , have been published in a book : Science Tales in the UK ( Myriad Edtions ) and How To Fake A Moon Landing in the US and Canada ( Abrams ) .
Here 's the link to my main blog
Sedona Weddings are about 3 Perfect Things …
Sedona weddings are our business , we have been planning , coordinating and officiating weddings in Sedona for many years .
So we know what it takes to make your wedding day the most perfect day ever .
We are one of the top wedding destinations in America .
Have your wedding Sedona style .
1. A Wedding Experience That ’s Hassle - free
Imagine you and your beloved taking your vows amidst the awe - inspiring landscape of Sedona .
It ’s an experience you ’ll remember forever !
Our wedding packages can take the hassle out of planning your wedding and make it far easier for you to focus on what ’s really important to you on your Big Day .
We have wedding and elopement packages to suit every style , taste , and budget .
We also offer vow renewals , commitment ceremonies , and special anniversary packages .
And if you do n’t see a package you like , we can create one just for you .
“ Absolute wonderful experience .
Beautiful setting with amazing people .
Meaningful , spiritual vows .
I had so much fun…stress free . ” — Peggy Short
2. A Wedding That ’s Uniquely You
All of our wedding and elopement packages can be customized to reflect your uniqueness as a couple .
Our wedding ceremonies range from traditional to contemporary to adventure or Native American .
( We also provide completely customized wedding planning services if you have a unique vision for your wedding day . )
Take a look at our large selection of wedding venues .
Most of our outdoor wedding venues are easily accessible , while others are accessed by a short hike , a bit of a climb or even a Jeep ride !
“ Our ceremony blew me away …
My heart swells thinking about it …
There was beauty , tenderness , magic , laughter and wave upon wave of love . ” — Laura & Aaron
3. A Wedding That ’s Affordable
We believe that your wedding day should be a day of love .
As the start of a new life together and the commitment of two loving hearts , your wedding should not make you anxious about whether or not you can afford it .
Our wedding packages , including the officiant fee , start as low as $ 459 and we do not charge extra for weekends .
Our Sedona Memories
Package includes an hour of photography with a CD of 120 + photos and is only $ 699 .
We are the affordable choice for Sedona Az weddings .
And if you are looking for something more luxurious , we can help you explore our fabulous and all - inclusive hotel / spa / dinner / wedding ceremony packages that we have created with local resorts and B&B’s .
Book Now
“ Most wedding service providers charge more than they are worth and this was not the case here — Sedona Weddings provided excellent value .
We loved our location , officiant , and photographer !!
Would do it all again the same … ” — Brie E .
Hear What Some of Our Happy Couples Have to Say …
“ Thank you from the bottom of our hearts .
We traveled a long way and you made it effortless … it exceeded our expectations . ”
“ It was absolutely wonderful … a magical experience …a lot of fun and very touching … I am so happy we did it . ”
“ A heartfelt experience … you feel a Presence all around .
I just ca n’t say enough … you just have to experience it for yourself . ”
“ Very special and very powerful …a lot of energy here . ”
“ It really resonated in our hearts … thank you for making our day so special . ”
An Unforgettable Wedding in Sedona
Sedona Arizona weddings are special in their own right .
Set in one of the most awe - inspiring locations on the planet , amidst the great beauty and spiritual energy , even the simplest of weddings is breathtakingly beautiful and unforgettable .
USA Today Online echoes what people of many cultures have known about Sedona , Arizona for over a hundred years and “ has long drawn people interested in healing , spirituality , mysticism , and metaphysics , who come for more than just the dramatic , red- rock beauty . ”
Sedona is famous for its powerful centers of geomagnetic or kinetic energy called vortexes .
The four main vortex sites , as well as some of the lesser - known ones , have been observed to have a profound effect on those who visit them .
“ The ancient Native American Yavapai people knew about Sedona vortexes , and celebrated this ‘ Great Mother ’ energy with petroglyph paintings and sacred dwellings . ” — USA Today Online
The main vortex sites can be accessed by an easy walk or hike .
People often visit them to experience the good vibes or to meditate .
Many report feeling uplifted or recharged after visiting a vortex site , and individuals even report having deeper experiences , including sensing the energy , experiencing visions or having profound insights .
Read more .
Sedona Destination Weddings can assist you in every aspect of your wedding day and provide you the best wedding services .
We will take care of the details –everything from assisting you with permits and licenses to choosing or creating a ceremony just for you and your beloved .
The emphasis is on you and your special day .
We know how to make getting married in Sedona easy and affordable !
Book Now
More About Weddings in Sedona
Officiant Services .
Our wedding officiants are available for all sizes of weddings .
Let us be
part of your very special wedding .
A la carte pricing is also available .
Vow Renewals and Commitment Ceremonies .
We also specialize in vow , commitment , gay and lesbian ceremonies .
The Wedding Week Retreat .
Unique to our Wedding services .
This is a wonderful opportunity to really experience the best of Sedona and bond deeply with your beloved .
Visit Sedona Wedding locations .
There are many ways to prepare for your wedding day .
Visit the wedding site vortexes which will allow you to view and experience venues you are interested in before deciding on which of the wedding location is perfect for you .
We also have wedding preparation tours for couples to help you go within and prepare spiritually for your wedding day .
Checkout our wedding blog .
Image caption
The council said a sub- contractor carried out the work
Workers are being ordered to repaint road markings after they misspelt a No Entry sign .
The markings spelt " No Entrt " in large white letters on Marshall Road , a one - way street in Warley , West Midlands .
Councillor Derek Rowley , from Sandwell Council , said it was an embarrassing error which would be rectified as soon as possible .
Residents who live on the street said they could not believe the mistake .
Mr Rowley said : " Of course it 's a bit embarrassing but mistakes happen .
" We put our hands up to it - there 's a ' T ' on the end of it not a ' Y ' and we 'll rectify it as as soon as possible . "
The error was made by a sub-contractor who will be contacted on Tuesday to change the sign at no extra cost , Mr Rowley said .
" Random checks are made on road markings but the council relies on the contractor to do the job correctly , " he added .
Earlier this year , councils across England admitted paying hundreds of pounds to correct street signs with spelling and punctuation mistakes and missing information .
Westminster Council said five signs cost more than £ 1,000 to correct and Luton Council said two errors cost £ 118 .
Hidden toll of US wars : 18 veterans commit suicide daily
By Bill Van Auken
28 April 2010
An average of 18 US military veterans are taking their lives every day as the Obama administration and the Pentagon grow increasingly defensive about the epidemic of suicides driven by Washington ’s wars of aggression .
The stunning figure was reported last week by the Army Times , citing officials in the US Veterans Affairs Department .
The department estimates that there are 950 suicide attempts every month by veterans who are receiving treatment from the department .
Of these , 7 percent succeed in taking their own lives , while 11 percent try to kill themselves again within nine months .
The greatest growth in suicides has taken place among veterans returning from the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , who accounted for 1,868 suicide attempts in fiscal 2009 , which ended on September 30 .
Of these , nearly 100 succeeded in killing themselves .
The connection between the “ surge ” in military suicides and the ongoing wars in Iraq and Afghanistan is undeniable .
The suicide rate within the military doubled between 2001 and 2006 , even as it remained flat among the comparable ( adjusted for age and gender ) civilian population .
And the numbers continue to rise steadily .
In 2009 , 160 active - duty military personnel killed themselves , compared to 140 in 2008 and 77 in 2003 .
Many have blamed the increasing number of suicides on the repeated combat deployments to which members of the all - volunteer US military are subjected , with the so - called “ war on terrorism ” approaching its 10th year and nearly 200,000 US troops deployed in Afghanistan and Iraq .
The effect of the repeated deployments is compounded by the shortness of so - called “ dwell time ” — the interlude at home bases between combat tours in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Over most of the two wars , this has been limited to just one year because of personnel pressures .
While it is now closer to two years , psychological research has indicated that at least three years are necessary to ameliorate the psychological stress inflicted by these deployments .
The military command has tried to obscure the connection .
Last month , for example , the Army ’s surgeon general , Lt. Gen. Eric Schoomaker , told a Senate committee that the most common factor in military suicides was “ fractured relationships of some sort . ”
Clearly , however , the multiple deployments and the psychological impact that they have upon soldiers is the leading cause of broken marriages and mental health problems that lead to the breaking off of relationships .
Craig Bryan , a former Air Force officer and University of Texas psychologist who advises the Pentagon on suicides , linked the phenomenon to the training given by the military itself .
“ We train our warriors to use controlled violence and aggression , to suppress strong emotional reactions in the face of adversity , to tolerate physical and emotional pain and to overcome the fear of injury and death , ” he told Time magazine earlier this month .
These qualities , designed to prepare soldiers to kill unquestioningly , “ are also associated with increased risk for suicide , ” he said .
He added that these psychological traits cannot be altered “ without negatively affecting the fighting capability of our military . ”
To put it bluntly , suicide , according to Bryan , is an occupational hazard .
“ Service members are , simply put , more capable of killing themselves by sheer consequence of their professional training , ” he said .
The same training , combined with traumatic experiences in Iraq and Afghanistan , has created severe difficulties for many veterans of the two wars trying to re-integrate themselves into civilian society .
While the suicides are the most glaring and tragic indicator of these problems , there are many others .
Last month , the jobless rate for veterans of Iraq and Afghanistan reached 14.7 percent , nearly 50 percent higher than the official nationwide unemployment rate in the US .
According to one recent Veterans Administration estimate , 154,000 US veterans are homeless on any given night , many of them living on the streets .
Increasingly , the ranks of this homeless army are being swelled by those returning from Iraq and Afghanistan .
General Schoomaker , the Army ’s surgeon general , was compelled to acknowledge on Monday that the military ’s response to soldiers returning from combat with psychological problems has been one of “ over- medication . ”
“ I can tell you that we are concerned about over - medication , ” the general said , adding that “ we 're very concerned about the panoply of drugs that are being used and the numbers of drugs that are being used . ”
According to a report in the Military Times last month , one in six members of the US military is using some form of psychotropic drug , while 15 percent of soldiers admitted to abusing prescription drugs over the previous month .
Schoomaker ’s comments came at a press conference called to respond to an article published in the New York Times Sunday exposing a so - called “ warrior transition unit ” at Fort Carson , Colorado .
It referred to this facility and similar units as “ ' warehouses of despair , where damaged men and women are kept out of sight , fed a diet of prescription pills and treated harshly by noncommissioned officers . ”
Soldiers interviewed in the article said that they were given pain pills to which they became addicted as well as sleeping pills and other medication , while alcohol and heroin were readily available in their barracks .
Little or no therapy was on offer , however .
At least four soldiers sent to the unit at Fort Carson have committed suicide there since 2007 .
On April 16 , Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki , the former Army chief of staff , testified on Capitol Hill on veteran suicides , providing equally telling numbers .
He reported that VA suicide hotlines were fielding 10,000 calls a month .
Shinseki told a congressional panel that he was haunted by two images of US military personnel .
The first was that of new recruits who “ outperform all of our expectations , great youngsters . ”
The second is that of veterans who make up a “ a disproportionate share of the nation ’s homeless , jobless , mental health ( problems ) , depressed patients , substance abusers , suicides . ”
“ Something happened ” along the way , said Shinseki , “ and that ’s what we ’re about is to try to figure this out . ”
It is not a great mystery .
These “ great youngsters ” are thrown into wars of aggression and colonial - style occupations where they are exposed to horrific violence and employed in the subjugation of entire populations , with the inevitable killing of civilian men , women and children .
Those who acknowledge the mental and emotional trauma created by these conditions are treated as pariahs and weaklings
On the same day that Shinseki was testifying in Washington , 27 - year - old Jesse Huff , an Iraq war veteran , killed himself outside a Veterans Administration medical facility in Dayton , Ohio , where he had been treated for post - traumatic stress disorder .
Huff , who had been injured by a roadside bomb in Iraq , shot himself twice in the head with an assault rifle at the foot of a statue to the Union soldiers of the Civil War .
A cousin told the Associated Press that he “ had n’t been the same ” since returning from Iraq , while the father of a young man with whom he lived said that Huff was “ really hurting . ”
CEO of Germany 's Deutsche Lufthansa Wolfgang Mayrhuber addresses a general meeting in Berlin , April 29 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Tobias Schwarz
Hamburg ( Reuters ) - Lufthansa plant als eine der weltweit ersten Fluggesellschaften Serientests mit alternativen Treibstoffen .
Bereits innerhalb der nächsten zwei Jahre könnte die Airline regelmäßig Biotreibstoff einsetzen , sagte Firmenchef Wolfgang Mayrhuber am Samstag am Rande einer Veranstaltung in Hamburg .
Auch andere Fluggesellschaften wie KLM testen die neuen Systeme bereits , bislang aber nur auf einzelnen Flügen .
Lufthansa wolle jedoch gleich mit einem Serientest starten , um die Ergebnisse über einen längeren Zeitraum hinweg gezielt auswerten zu können .
Dabei könnte dem herkömmlichen Kerosin etwa auf einer bestimmten Strecke ein Anteil von Biokraftstoff beigemischt werden .
“ Erstens erhoffen wir uns davon Ressourcensicherheit und zweitens hoffen wir , dass wir dadurch bei den Ausgaben für den Emissionshandel Vorteile haben ” , sagte Mayrhuber .
Bislang fliegen die Flugzeuge mit Kerosin , das aus Rohöl gewonnen wird .
Die weltweiten Ölvorkommen sind jedoch begrenzt .
Die EU will Fluggesellschaften ab 2012 in den Handel mit Emissionsrechten miteinbeziehen .
Je weniger normales Kerosin die Fluggesellschaften dann benutzen , umso weniger Emissions - Zertifikate für den Einsatz von herkömmlichen klimaschädlichen Kraftstoffen müssen sie kaufen .
Lufthansa rechnet durch die Einbeziehung des Unternehmens in den Emissionshandel mit Zusatzkosten von 150 bis 350 Millionen Euro pro Jahr .
Den Serientest will Lufthansa zunächst in Eigenregie und nicht in Kooperation mit ihren Partnern der Star Alliance durchführen .
Längerfristig wollten die Fluggesellschaften aber in dem Bündnis bei der Einführung von Biokraftstoffen zusammenarbeiten , sagte Mayrhuber .
Auch der Allianzpartner Continental Airlines hat Mitte 2009 bereits einen einzelnen Testflug mit Biokraftstoff durchgeführt .
WERDEN FLUGTICKETS TEURER ?
Fluggesellschaften arbeiten derzeit weltweit daran , ihren herkömmlichen Treibstoffen Biokraftstoffe wie etwa Biomasse beizumischen .
Noch ist Biotreibstoff aber deutlich teurer als Kerosin , teilweise um das Zehnfache .
Die Ticketpreise dürfte die sukzessive Einführung der alternativen Kraftstoffe nach Ansicht von Mayrhuber dennoch nicht nach oben treiben .
“ Wir haben keine Preismacht ” , sagte der Firmenchef .
Die Flugpreise seien in den vergangenen Jahrzehnten durch den Start der Billigflieger deutlich nach unten gegangen .
Startup Dwolla said Monday that the company is officially announcing its payment service , although it may only be appropriate for local businesses in both Iowa and California right now .
Dwolla 's a bit of an oddity in the startup space : a company that is not trying to change the world overnight .
" Dwolla has a very methodical growth plan which does not include world domination , " the company said in its initial blog post last year .
" Just a good and reliable service .
" Like PayPal , Dwolla offers merchants the ability to have customers pay in " Dwollas , " or virtual currency .
Since Dwolla charges only 25 cents per transaction , with free signups and no monthly fee , the per-transaction fee is substantially less than what a credit - card merchant or other vendor might charge , making Dwolla more attractive financially .
Funds held in a Dwolla account are held in FDIC and NCUA insured financial institutions , the company promises .
The problem , however , is that Dwolla is n't a bank ; as a payment processor , it needs to seek licenses in each individual state , according to founder Ben Milne .
The company soft - launched in its home state , Iowa , last year , and has now expanded into California to try and tap into the states ' tech - friendly market , Milne said .
The other issue is that a company 's customers ( which may or may not reside in the state in which a Dwolla customer does business ) can only use the service if both the business and the individual customer reside in a Dwolla - licensed state .
Aside from those issues , Milne promised a familiar experience : users link a checking or savings account to Dwolla , and a customer transfers a given amount to the service .
Dwolla then takes its 25 - cent cut and passes the payment along .
As Dwolla grows , one of the areas in which the company will have to invest is conflict resolution , or what happens if merchant A fails to ship a product to customer B , who refuses to pay .
To date , Milne said that this has n't been a problem , in part because the small number of customers itself restricts the number of potential problems .
" There have been a lot of discussions with a third party who would assure transactions , " Milne said .
" Right now we go to the authorities " and let them investigate any disputes , he said .
Tulane University researchers say Quigley is now able to experience the crippling fear of impending death previously only accessible to humans .
Advertisement
Sue Lowden , the likely GOP nominee for U.S. Senate in Nevada , has a novel plan for health care reform : haggling with your doctor over prices .
Lowden offered her proposal last Tuesday in Mesquite .
I think that bartering is really good .
Those doctors who you pay cash , you can barter , and that would get prices down in a hurry .
And I would say go out , go ahead out and pay cash for whatever your medical needs are , and go ahead and barter with your doctor .
Note that she used the word " barter , " but as her campaign pointed out to TPM , she actually meant to say " haggle , " as if that were any less absurd a notion .
I mean , either way you cut it -- haggle or barter -- Lowden 's idea is absolutely insane .
Just imagine :
I just broke my leg , but my doctor wanted to charge me $ 2,000 for a cast , so I said no way and stormed out of the office !
I walked half - a- mile down the street and found a doctor who would fix it for just $ 1,500 !
Or :
I got a heart attack , and I pitted three doctors against each other , and one of them finally agreed to save my life for just $ 21,000 !
I love bartering haggling over health care !
You'd think this was some sort of SNL skit or something like that , but Lowden is absolutely sincere in her nutso health care plan .
Just totally whack - a- doodle .
It 's the kind of thing that should give not just Harry Reid but every other Democrat running for office some peace of mind .
Yes , on some days the poll numbers may look bad .
But it 's April .
And the Republicans are stone - cold insane .
Totally off their rockers .
Batshit crazy .
So here 's some advice to Harry Reid and other Democratic office holders : just take things one day at a time and expose the Republicans as the lunatics that they are .
If the polls show you trailing , so what ?
Embrace your underdog status -- do n't fight it .
If people want to " throw the bums out , " you 're better off being seen as an underdog anyway .
Let voters actually contemplate what it would mean if crazy Republicans like Sue Lowden managed to get elected .
Think of this as a trial period for voters .
Every political expert seems to think that Sue Lowden is going to be the next U.S. Senator from Nevada .
And what is she doing with her newly won prominence ?
She 's proposing a health care plan that would depend on people haggling with their doctors over prices .
That wo n't play well -- not well at all .
Almost seventy years ago , a young British army officer arrived in the Indian subcontinent ready for adventure .
He never left .
Major Geoffrey Langlands was present at the birth of Pakistan in 1947 and has spent more than half a century teaching there .
Now he is looking for a successor to take over his mountain school in the Chitral Valley in northern Pakistan .
Orla Guerin went to meet him .
Los Angeles , CA - Hollywood film director Michael Bay hopes he can convince officials to let him blow up the Gulf of Mexico .
The recent oil spill from the Deepwater Horizon oil rig has created ideal conditions for a Gulf - wide explosion .
Bay plans to use the massive explosion in the next Transformers movie .
“ We need to turn this negative into a positive , ” said Bay .
“ A controlled explosion of the entire Gulf of Mexico will be spectacular and it will get rid of the oil spill in the Gulf .
It ’s a win-win situation for everyone . ”
While the explosion has not gained regulatory approval , the studio backing Bay has already launched several satellites to film the event , and Bay has been in discussions with renowned Hollywood pyrotechnics expert Claude VanDuzen to plan the explosion .
“ We have to act quickly when we get the green light , ” said Bay .
“ If this spill reaches the coast before the explosion , we could possibly destroy Louisiana , Mississippi and possibly Florida .
I would n’t mind , but some people may have a problem with that . ”
Environmental groups have quickly condemned the plan and wonder why Bay ca n’t just use “ special effects ” instead of actually blowing up the Gulf of Mexico .
“ The Transformers movies are known for their realism , so faking such an immense explosion would be disingenuous to the viewers who expect more , ” said Bay .
If allowed to move forward the explosion would be the second largest in movie history .
George Lucas blowing up the Earth ’s second moon for Star Wars : A New Hope would still top the list .
President Obama has been reported to be strongly considering the Bay proposal , and BP Oil , responsible for the spill , also is backing the Bay solution .
Related News Transformers 3 to Be 2 - Hour Explosion NASA Putting Sponsored Items into Orbit Transformers or Prescription Drug Quiz
All work and no play makes America a dull country .
For some today , the Fourth of July and Labor Day will have to serve as their summer vacation , three days off .
Besides honoring the more than one million Americans killed in battle and the people who serve today , Memorial Day also marks the unofficial first weekend of summer .
For many a season no different from the rest , one survey shows only 10 % of us will take a full two weeks off .
CBS Sunday Morning opened yesterday with the facts , nine vacation days per year for the average American .
It was another of those " of the thirty - three richest nations " stats that the U.S.A. comes out on the wrong side of .
The U.S. is the only developed nation with no legally required vacation for its workers .
Why is America the only industrialized nation that thinks of vacation as a perk , not a right ?
For many Americans waiting for an unemployment extension from Congress time off is not an issue but for some who are worried a little getaway might mean the person in the next cubicle getting ahead there 's an app for that , good government .
Allen Grayson made the segment talking about creating a law here and claimed " Sixty - nine percent of middle class Americans say that their number one desire in life is more free time . "
National
The racial justice protests following the death of George Floyd earlier this year prompted calls to " defund the police " in cities across the country , a priority for activists that has now become a central point in the presidential contest .
NASA should invest more in technologies and concepts like the space elevator that can drastically reduce the cost of space access .
( credit : ISR ) Obama in space : bold but not bold enough
When President Obama visits the Kennedy Space Center this week to discuss the future of NASA , he should be greeted with praise for following the Augustine Committee ’s recommendations — and criticism for not being bold enough .
The chief flaw of the president ’s proposals is they do not address the key constraint limiting human and robotic exploration and exploitation of space , the high cost of reaching orbit .
Lost in the attention given to ending shuttle flights this year , as intended by President Bush , and the cancellation of the overcost and overweight Constellation program , are the promising initiatives to develop and deploy new generations of technology .
At the core of the president ’s proposed revamping of NASA is the focus on new technologies to reduce the cost and complexity of operating in space .
NASA will restart its Institute for Advanced Concepts , eliminated in 2007 to help pay for Constellation cost overruns .
Chief technologist Robert D. Braun will head the new Space Technology Program , which will offer research grants to encourage innovative ideas .
These steps will revitalize the private , academic , and NASA technology base .
The chief flaw of the president ’s proposals is they do not address the key constraint limiting human and robotic exploration and exploitation of space , the high cost of reaching orbit .
When I fly domestically , I pay about $ 2 per pound of me for a ticket .
To launch a satellite into orbit costs roughly $ 10,000 a pound .
Until that cost dramatically drops , the promise of the final frontier will remain only a promise .
These high launch costs restrict access to space to those governments and corporations that can afford tens of millions of dollars to launch a satellite .
Consequently , the annual total of all payloads is only a few hundred tons , the equivalent of two 747 freighter flights .
The great expense to reach orbit has not only hindered past exploration , but will also restrict the future if unchanged .
Imagine how many more businesses would experiment and develop applications in space if the cost of launching a satellite was only in the hundreds of thousands instead of tens of millions of dollars .
Making access to space affordable will create vast economic as well as scientific opportunities .
The Augustine report and the president ’s proposals realize that the space remains an expensive arena , but do not take the next logical step .
To truly open space up for exploration and exploitation , President Obama and the Congress should set a goal of reducing the costs of reaching orbit to $ 100 a pound — two orders of magnitude — by 2020 .
Chemical rockets will probably not be able to meet that challenge .
Despite a half - century of improvements , they remain expensive .
The new generation of commercial launchers should reduce the cost of reaching orbit , but even Virgin Galactic is charging approximately $ 1,000 a pound of passenger — without reaching orbit .
President Obama and the Congress should set a goal of reducing the costs of reaching orbit to $ 100 a pound — two orders of magnitude — by 2020 .
Instead , NASA needs to think beyond its existing launch systems .
Alternatives to rockets do exist .
All keep the launch system on the ground , so only the payload is sent into orbit .
As well as being less costly , ground - launched systems are inherently safer than rockets because the capsules will not carry liquid fuels and their complex equipment , eliminating the danger of an explosion .
Of particular interest are beamed energy propulsion , which uses a microwave or laser beam to power a spaceship into orbit ; and the space elevator .
The catch is that these technologies are still in the laboratory : more promise than reality .
Let ’s be honest : Research , development and deployment will cost billions of dollars and several years .
Such commitments of time and money are beyond the reach of corporations .
These commitments are , however , reasonable for a government that can invest for the long term .
Indeed , without the large investments by the American military in rocket technology in the 1950s , the mammoth Saturn V that sent Apollo 11 to the moon could not have been built .
Developing a ground - based system should give the United States a competitive edge against foreign rocket providers .
Currently , American launch services are more expensive than their foreign counterparts , a consequence of their lower costs and , in the case of Ariane , better geography .
A ground - launched system could change the competitive dynamics of launching .
Reducing launch costs does not carry the political excitement of sending astronauts to the moon .
Nor will the benefits begin until the 2020s , perhaps too long a time for elected officials .
Yet the consequences of making space affordable will be far greater than twelve astronauts walking on the Moon .
Reducing the cost of space travel will be as revolutionary as the container ship was for shipping cargo .
If accomplished , this could be a great legacy of the Obama Administration , an America that is exploring and exploiting space for the benefit of all humanity .
Home
Published online 12 May 2010 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2010.234
News
Moroccan fossils show that strange early animals were no flash in the pan .
The fossils contain the earliest known cheloniellids , a distant relative of crustaceans and insects .
P. Van Roy
Some of the unusual animals that lived in the sea 500 million years ago thrived tens of millions of years later than previously known , a treasure trove of fossils in Morocco has revealed .
The fossils prove that the famously bizarre creatures of the Cambrian ( 542 million to 488 million years ago ) did n't die out at the end of that period — something that fossil hunters had suspected , but could not back up with evidence until now .
The batch of more than 1,500 specimens , reported in Nature this week1 , sheds light on the Early Ordovician period , 488 million to 471 million years ago , at the start of a huge expansion in the diversity of living things .
In most Ordovician fossils , only the hard parts of animals , such as shells , are preserved .
" We 're missing a huge chunk of the data , " says Derek Briggs of Yale University in Connecticut , a co-author on the paper .
The Moroccan fossils , which show soft - bodied animals , fill in some of the gaps .
The team has catalogued at least 50 types of soft - bodied animals , including a mix of creatures previously seen only in earlier or later rocks .
At a species level they 're all brand new , says co-author Peter Van Roy , also at Yale .
But one step up the family tree , about two - thirds of them are the same as found in the earlier Cambrian .
The fossils were found at 40 sites in the Draa Valley , in the desert region of southern Morocco .
The spread of locations means that the finds give a panorama of this crucial period in evolution , says palaeontologist Graham Young of the Manitoba Museum in Winnipeg , Canada , who also works on Ordovician fossils .
" It 's like getting a photo album rather than just a snapshot . "
Curious creatures
The strange life of the Cambrian was first exposed in the Burgess Shale , an outcrop of the Rocky Mountains in British Columbia , Canada .
This revealed more than a hundred unusual creatures , including halkieriids , which look like slugs wearing chain mail ; Hallucigenia , which resemble long - legged centipedes with sea-urchin spines ; and Opabina , which have five eyes and a long nose with a claw on the end .
More fossils revealing soft - body details have been found from the Early and Middle Cambrian , particularly in China .
But until now , few had been discovered from more recent time periods .
The fossilization of soft - bodied parts requires rare conditions : for example , a landslide of silt that shuts out scavengers and oxygen - fed bacteria .
Up till now , the only Ordovician fossils like this have come from ' odd ' locations , such as lagoons , which are n't necessarily representative of life at the time .
As a result , no one knew how long the animals of the Cambrian survived .
The Moroccan trove is the first to show soft - bodied Cambrian beasties , such as halkieriids , living in the open ocean of the Ordovician .
" This puts a nail in the coffin of the suggestion that the Burgess things were a grand experiment that did n't last very long , " says Young .
The Moroccan fossils also push back the earliest signs of horseshoe crabs , which survive to this day , by 30 million years .
And they contain the first recorded signs of cheloniellids — extinct arthropods that look a little like woodlice and were previously known from the Devonian period , 416 million to 360 million years ago .
Local expertise
Fossil hunting in the Moroccan desert .
Clockwise from front left : Chris Upton , Joseph Botting , Peter Van Roy and Mohammed Ben Said Ben Moula .
J. Vinther
The Moroccan desert is strewn with fossils , and many farmers and goatherders make extra money from collecting them .
" You 'll find fossils from Morocco in every rock shop around the world , " says Briggs .
The newly discovered fossils were found by a local collector , Mohammed Ben Said Ben Moula , whom Van Roy met during his PhD .
When Van Roy saw the first soft - bodied fossil found by Ben Moula , he says , " I immediately knew it was something special . "
Ben Moula , a professional fossil collector who lives in a small village , now works in partnership with Van Roy .
Although Ben Moula has not been formally educated , says Van Roy , " he 's an incredibly intelligent guy with a good eye for fossils .
Without him this project would n't exist . "
There is now much more fossil collection and analysis to do .
" The detailed work on the individual fossils will be the part we 'll really look forward to , " says Young .
Briggs says Morocco has the potential to do for the Early Ordovician what the Burgess Shale did for the Cambrian .
In a few years , he says , the Moroccan finds might also have something important to say about the evolution of life .
With the FTC breathing down its neck , Google has stepped up its lobbying spend in the last year , shelling out $ 4.03 million in 2009 .
That 's up 44 % from the year prior .
Despite the growth , Google 's lobbying spend remains relatively small .
Microsoft spent $ 6.7 million in 2009 .
Comcast spent $ 12.6 and AT&T spent $ 14.7 million .
We decided to take a look at lobbying from tech companies after we ran a chart looking at ad spending for tech companies .
( For what it 's worth , Google 's lobbying is half what it spends on advertising . )
Our lobbying data comes from the Senate Office of Public Affairs database .
We also graphed lobbying spend as a percent of revenue .
Interestingly , of the companies we looked at , Apple spends the least on lobbying as percent of revenue .
Guess that 's the advantage of not dominating any market , other than mp3 players .
Follow the Chart Of The Day on Twitter : www.twitter.com/chartoftheday
" Luckily , no one is hurt , and now the full attention of city , state and federal law enforcement will be turned to bringing the guilty party to justice in this act of terrorism , " New York Governor David Paterson said .
Williamson County police deem parents “ unsuitable ” for teaching kids government is out to harm them
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Friday , April 2 , 2010
A family in Williamson County , Austin have lost custody of their 7 - year - old son as part of a Child Protective Services investigation because the parents taught their children to mistrust the government , an action that deemed them to be “ unsuitable parents , ” according to charges leveled by police officers in CPS documents .
Drug reform activist filmmakers Barry and Candi Cooper recently had their home raided and searched by police after authorities claimed Cooper ’s voice had been heard in the background of an allegedly false police report .
“ Once in the couple ’s home , officers discovered a small amount of marijuana and charged the Coopers with Class B misdemeanors , resulting in both their arrests .
Each immediately bonded out of jail and paid a small fine .
Days later , while Candi ’s youngest son was visiting his father in east Texas , Child Protective Services contacted the Coopers , revealing that the incident could cost them not only custody of the boy , but also their freedom on felony child endangerment charges , ” writes Stephen C. Webster of True Slant , who has been following the case .
On page five of the CPS case report , police level the shocking claim that the Coopers are “ unsuitable parents ” because they teach their children “ the government is out to harm them ” .
On page six of the report , police accuse the Coopers of being “ aggressive to authority ” because they will not allow government employees to enter their house without a court order .
Despite Travis County Deputy District Attorney Dayna Blazey declaring the Coopers to be fit parents , whose children are healthy , happy and “ well cared for , ” and stating that the kids were not at risk , Williamson County police claim the Coopers allow their children and their friends to use drugs in the house .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
Ominously , police also characterize the Coopers educating their children that the drug war is evil as an act of ‘ mental abuse ’ .
“ In another completely dumbfounding , ironic entry , Sgt. Gary Haston of the Williamson County Sheriff ’s Department — the officer whose testimony appears on the original search warrant affidavit — actually claims he observed the children “ crying for no reason ” as armed officers invaded their home , ” writes Webster .
[ Emphasis added . ]
“ He also claims that Barry “ hates ” his father and does not believe in church , as though this information would somehow be relevant to the CPS agents . ”
The real reason Barry Cooper , a former police officer and Drug Enforcement Agent , is being targeted undoubtedly relates to his work in catching police engaged in corruption and other criminal activity , specifically relating to the drug war .
Cooper is the man behind the hit underground DVD , Never Get Busted Again , which teaches people how to react to police oppression and has appeared on the Alex Jones Show to discuss his work on several occasions .
Cooper dedicated a recent You Tube video featuring him and his wife to their son , in which they discussed the raid and the attempt to seize 7 - year - old Zach .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
“ In my 19 years of experience with criminal defense matters , a search warrant for a misdemeanor charge is certainly unusual , ” wrote Minnesota attorney Maury D. Beaulier , who had no prior knowledge of the Coopers ’ case .
“ It indicates to me that this is a targeted investigation .
It may be targeted because it is believed to be a part of a greater crime or conspiracy , or , perhaps , because there are political motivations at work . ”
The Coopers were unsuccessful in re-obtaining custody of their son at a court appearance on Tuesday .
7 - year - old Zachary is currently under the care of his father , who has never previously had custody of the child , and Barry has been barred from any contact with him whatsoever .
The Coopers face losing custody of their child entirely .
“ I just do n’t know what I ’ll do if we lose Zach , ” Barry said .
“ That would be the most horrible thing to ever happen to me in my entire life . ”
Apparently , police now believe that parents who teach their children not to trust the government , something the founding fathers encouraged , should have their kids seized by the CPS .
This frightening new level of thought police tyranny outstrips anything we witnessed in the darkest days of Nazi Germany of Soviet Russia .
Read the CPS report in full below .
This article was posted : Friday , April 2 , 2010 at 10:04 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
When we asked for iPad line pictures we did n't expect that Apple co-founder Steve Woz would be among the people caught on camera .
Apparently he 's patiently waiting by the Valley Fair Apple Store in San Jose , CA .
[ Thanks , Parth ! ]
Advertisement
Wow .
Just Wow ...
I had seen a TARDIS before and it was amazing ...
And now I 'm looking at all of the ones that are coming up in the more like this ...
Wow ..
Thank you sooo much !
I am going to make myself a whole army of Daleks , 1 TARDIS , some Weeping Angels , and so much more !
THANK YOU SO MUCH !
YOU ARE AMAZING !
Keep up the FANTASTIC work !
GERONIMO !!!!
Successful Aging Through the Eyes
of Alaska Native Elders : What It Means to be an Elder
in Bristol Bay , Alaska A Thesis Presented to the
Faculty of the
University of Alaska Fairbanks
In Partial Fulfillment
of the Requirements for the Degree of DOCTOR OF PHILOSOPHY by
Jordan Paul Lewis , M.S.W .
Fairbanks , Alaska
December 2009 Dissertation :
http://ankn.uaf.edu/Curriculum/PhD_Projects/JordanLewis/2009_Lewis_dissertation.pdf
( 7.3 MB ) Video of Defense Abstract :
Alaska Natives view aging from a holistic perspective , an approach not typically found in the existing literature on successful aging .
There is little research on Alaska Native ( AN ) Elders and how they subjectively define a successful older age .
The lack of a culturally specific definition often results in the use of a generic definition that portrays AN Elders as aging less successfully than their non-Native counterparts .
This research explores the concept of successful aging from an AN perspective and what it means to age well in AN communities .
An Explanatory Model ( EM ) approach was used and adapted to focus on the health and well - being of AN Elders and to gain a sense of their beliefs about aging .
Qualitative , in - depth interviews were conducted with 26 Elders in six participating communities to explore the concept of successful aging and the role of their community in the aging process .
Focus groups were held in specific communities to present the findings and receive feedback ; this ensured the findings and report would be reflective of the unique perspectives of the communities and region .
This study highlights four domains of successful aging , or “ Eldership ” : emotion , spirituality , community engagement , and physical health .
One aspect of successful aging seen in each of these four domains is optimism , or having a positive outlook on life .
These four domains serve as the foundation of how communities define who is an Elder and what is important when considering whether someone has aged successfully or not .
Research findings also indicate that aging successfully is based on local understandings about personal responsibility and making the conscious decision to live a clean and healthy life .
Most Elders stated that Elder status is not determined by reaching a certain age ( e.g. , 65 years ) , but instead is designated when an individual has demonstrated wisdom because of the experiences he or she has gained throughout life .
This research seeks to inform future studies on rural aging that will prioritize the perspectives of Elders to impact positively on the delivery of health care services and programs in rural Alaska .
Revisiting the Visitor : the " Just Do It " Pattern Didier Verna ( Epita Research and Development Laboratory , France )
Abstract :
While software design patterns are a generally useful concept , they areoften ( and mistakenly ) seen as ready - made universal recipes for solving common problems .
In a way , the danger is that programmers stop thinking about their actual prob-lem , and start looking for pre-cooked solutions in some design pattern book instead .
What people usually forget about design patterns is that the underlying programminglanguage plays a major role in the exact shape such or such pattern will have on the surface .
The purpose of this paper is twofold : we show why design pattern expressionis intimately linked to the expressiveness of the programming language in use , and we also demonstrate how a blind application of them can in fact lead to very poorlydesigned code .
Keywords : Lisp , design patterns , meta- programming , object orientation Categories : D.1.5 , D.3.3
Just when we think that platter - based storage is on its way out it keeps on coming back with a vengeance .
A few years ago it was perpendicular recording boosting storage densities by a few orders of magnitude , now it 's a pair of new techniques that could push things much further .
Your average disk today can manage a couple - hundred GB per square inch while still delivering reliable writes , but if all goes to plan the write methods called bit - patterned recording ( BPR ) and thermally - assisted recording ( TAR ) could raise that to 1TB per inch initially and upwards of 10 TB per inch down the road .
BPR relies on segregating the disk sectors with lithographed " islands " while TAR relies on heating and cooling techniques that preserve the data in nearby sectors .
When these Wonder Twins combine , disk sectors can be as small as 15nm in diameter and write speeds can hit 250 Mb / sec .
Yes , that 's megabits , so while you 'll be able to store a lot more data than on conventional platters , you wo n't be able to do so any more quickly than now .
“ When a man dies , a library burns down ”
Erik is dead .
He died alone , untimeley , miserably .
But Erik never found life easy either .
In the novel « Det svundne er en drøm » Aksel Sandemose describes a woman , Susanne , thus :
« (… ) she taught me more than anyone I ever knew .
Not by what she knew , but by what she was .
God and the Devil battled inside her to the extreme , but she could never keep them apart , nor destroy one of them .
The result was senseless kindness and equally senseless viciousness ( … ) »
Sandemose ’s Susanne was from another time and another world , but this made me think of Erik .
God and the Devil battled inside Erik too , and he could never find peace .
In the end he was destroyed .
He died from a physical disease , but the cause of death is just the dot at the end of a sentence , the end of a long story .
Erik was a man of many contradictions .
As are we all , but everything about him was a size larger than in most of us .
He was strong and self - confident , that ’s the trait most people knew him by .
He most often stood alone , upright , however strong the wind was .
But standing up against the wind has a price .
Noone comes unharmed from so many years of struggle and stubbornness .
As well as being strong he was also … not weak , but vulnerable , sometimes even frail .
He could be unexpectedly hurt by a careless remark , and I had to learn to watch my tongue .
A classical mistake – I thought he could take some fooling around , him being so tough .
But he was n’t , not in private matters .
He could also be very vulnerable at the arena where he seemed the most invincible – Usenet and other Internet fora .
Those who knew him only from the Net may not believe me , but he could sometimes be terribly upset and hurt when he was criticized or attacked by someone he respected … even by someone he despised .
How , then , could he be so brutal towards others ?
Everyone knows how he could assault people .
I have no answer .
It is one of Eriks innumerous paradoxes .
Another aspect , probably also unknown to those who never met him in private :
He was a sweet , warm , humerous and affectionate man .
And funny !
Most people know how he played with words and language , but few have experienced him in his everyday life , his jokes and puns , his slapstick humour , the way he would see something interesting and funny in every little thing .
It ’s almost impossible to explain it – you ’d have to be there in the room with him .
I have never laughed so much and so heartily with anyone .
And at the same time : the rigid , uncompromizing , unrelenting Erik .
He could be so bloody stubborn that you wanted to wring his neck .
But – and perhaps this is his essence , his core – he always had some rationale , some logic , a reason to hold his ground .
And as much as you disagreed , as much as you rebelled against his views … you had to think , you had to reason , you could n’t just dismiss him .
If you did , you committed one of the deadly sins in his universe : taking the easy way out , avoid thinking for the sake of convenience .
He always challenged you , whether you wanted him to or not .
He forced you to think : have I really thought this through ?
Am I really sure about this ?
It was very disciplining , – and endlessly frustrating .
For us mere mortals there would sometimes be too many principles , too much righteousness .
You wanted to cut him down to size , normal proportions .
To some standard scale , whatever that is .
If he could have lowered his standards somewhat , adjusted himself a tiny bit , acknowledged that humans are fallible and the flesh weak , he could ( with the risk of sounding pompous ) have been one of those who changed the world .
Some of it .
Maybe .
But Erik could n’t be modified .
That was his essence , and his destiny .
Erik ’s deepest passion was knowledge .
He started collecting , and devouring , knowledge long before he started school , and continued till the end of his days .
At the time of his death he had collected several thousand books , and noone can ever estimate the amount of facts and knowledge he picked up in papers , magazines , and the Internet over the years .
He was interested in practically everything , perhaps except sports .
His list of books spans from cartoons to phonetics to politics , but programming , cognitive science and philosophy make out the greater part .
He had little formal education after high school , except an introductory course in philosophy , and some informatic science ( where he probably knew way more than his teachers ) back in the mid-eighties .
In his main field of work – programming – he was an autodidact .
A brilliant one .
Did it matter to him , having no degree , when he was so talented and competent ?
Yes , I think it was a sore point , though he ’d never have admitted to it .
But he was always trying to show what he knew and could , and that prove that he was intelligent ( as if anyone was in doubt ) .
He was n’t really showing off , I think he was compensating for his lack of academic insignia .
He had great respect for education , and for people who knew what they were talking about , be it a carpenter or a physicist .
On the other hand he had nothing but scorn for those who did n’t know what they were talking about , especially if they were unwilling to take in new information or facts .
That ’s when he hauled out the flame - thrower …
Erik was a thinker almost before he could walk .
Too old for his age , what we in Norwegian call « a small grown - up » .
At the age of 3 ½ he proclamied to his mother that he liked to do things his own way .
That was his credo ever after .
When he talked about his childhood , I always pictured him with the same face and clothes ( and crewcut ) he had as an adult – except his arms and legs were much shorter .
When his parents tell me how he was like as a child , I realize my picture was quite precise .
He was an adult with short arms and legs .
But as an adult he was also a boy with long arms and legs .
He never stopped playing , never stopped wondering .
He could be heartbreakingly naïve and innocent .
And he had a profound love for animals , as children and good people often have .
No cat was ever worshipped the way he worshipped his Xyzzy .
Another paradox : for all his knowledge , all his intelligence , he could be totally ignorant about things in everyday life .
How much gas do you need to drive from A to B ?
( he always thought we ’d run out , even when the tank was half full ) .
Do people seriously speak dialects ?
Can you really make bechamel sauce at home ?
Does n’t Joni Mitchell come from Africa ?
He could calculate anything , but when it came to working out when we had to leave home to catch the ferry so he could catch the plane home to Oslo ( I lived in the countryside ) , his mind went blank .
This lead to quite a few rebookings , which made him quite angry … and he naturally blamed the ferries !
Details , yes .
But this illustrates Erik ’s many facets and contradictions .
In one situation he was absolutely in control , the next moment he was lost .
— — — ——
Erik had every possibility .
He had formidable skills , he had the humour and warmth that comes with a safe childhood with good and loving parents .
He was highly intelligent , and had a capacity to master anything .
Not to say the willpower .
But at some point he slipped in his path .
Or was driven into a corner .
He ran in to some very serious problems that poisoned his existence for many years , and made him lose faith in humans .
These problems ( I wo n’t go into details , let sleeping dogs lie ) would have agonized anyone , but most people would , in time , have come to terms with life ’s injustice and cruelty .
But Erik could n’t come to terms .
He could n’t compromise , he could n’t let go of his anger and humiliation .
He was n’t able to shrug it off and say « shit happens , let ’s go on » .
He was badly hurt and disappointed , and never really recovered .
Towards the end I think he gave up .
He isolated himself , grew bitter , drove people away .
Would n’t accept help from anyone ( his credo … ) .
He neglected his health , seriously .
In the end also his body gave in .
I loved him so .
I have never felt so close , spiritually close , to anyone else .
Sometimes I felt we were inside each other ’s heads .
That was before everything went ugly , and to pieces .
When I heard of his death it was like a blow to my stomach .
Vi had ’nt been in touch for a long time , he had rejected me , defined as one of his enemies .
( Hatred is the emergency exit in the house of love ) .
I am not going to deny that I was sometimes furious with him , wished he was a hundred miles away , and said so .
But it is impossible to be indifferent to someone who ’s once been so close .
Ever since I learned of his death I have been thinking , agonizing , wringing my mind … what could we have done , done different , those of us who were once close to him ?
Could we , could I , helped him more , been more understanding , more gentle , been a better person ?
I feel guilty , I even feel responsible .
I wish we could start over .
But I do n’t think anyone really could have helped him .
Noone could have given him the unconditional love and acceptance he needed .
Except Xyzzy .
She was the love of his life , and she never let him down .
Erik was a good person who was broken down by misfortune and his own obstinacy .
He suffered more pain , in body and soul , than anyone knows .
The struggle is over now .
I hope he has found peace .
In loving memory
Pernille Nylehn
Judicial decisions Richard Goldstone made in South Africa that resulted in sending black South Africans to their deaths under the apartheid regime have nothing to do with his report on the Gaza war , he told Haaretz yesterday .
Open gallery view Richard Goldstone during a session of the Human Rights Council in Geneva , Switzerland , Sept. 29 , 2009 .
Credit : AP
The comments came in response to an article in which he was accused of being in no moral position to judge Israel because he was involved in capital punishment in the apartheid regime .
The article in the Yedioth Ahronoth daily said Goldstone , who headed the UN committee that accused both Israel and Hamas of war crimes during the Gaza war of 2008 - 2009 , was responsible for sending at least 28 black South Africans to their deaths when they appeared before him in court .
" As far as I 'm concerned , there 's no connection to the appointment I had in South Africa to these accusations , " said Goldstone , who calls himself pro-Zionist .
" I took an appointment to the bench , as did a number of liberal judges , and we had to uphold the law of the country .
It was a moral dilemma to do that , but the approach was that it was better to fight from inside than not at all .
The moral dilemma came up when I had to apply the law . "
Goldstone said he sentenced only two people to death directly , but upheld a majority of appeals in the Supreme Court , as one of three judges on a panel .
" The law at the time stated that when there were aggravating circumstances , the death penalty was obligatory , " he said .
" The regrets I have now are the same that I had at the time .
I have not changed my position on this .
It was unpleasant to be involved in capital punishment - then and now .
And I 've always been against the death penalty .
But when I accepted the position to the bench I had to honor the oath of office . "
Regarding the UN report on the Gaza war , for which many Jewish groups have attacked Goldstone , the judge said he has no regrets about the position he took .
" I felt that because I was Jewish , it would be hypocritical not to get involved in the Middle East , " he said .
He said he advises Israel to have an open public inquiry into the war crimes allegations .
Goldstone said he was " extremely upset " by the attacks and by the effect they have had on his family .
Some members of the Jewish community had tried to keep Goldstone away from his grandson 's recent bar mitzvah in Johannesburg because they objected to his position on Operation Cast Lead .
" It was a wonderful simcha , " Goldstone said of the bar mitzvah .
" It was joyous and meaningful , and it came after much aggravation .
There were people who wanted to stop me from attending .
But that was eventually solved after a meeting on Monday . "
Goldstone said no South Africans , including the country 's much revered first black president Nelson Mandela , who appointed him a judge , had accused him of undermining his moral authority by sentencing defendants to death or dismissing their appeals .
" I never had accusations of this sort , " he said .
" The first time I have been accused of such things is now , by Yedioth . "
May 17th , 2010
LA photographer Jonas Lara had his day in court today .
The criminal charges against him were dropped and the judge issued a court order for the release of his camera equipment , which had been held as evidence since his arrest on February 2 , 2010 .
Lara was fighting a charge of aiding and abetting two graffiti artists whose work he was documenting when the three men were arrested in South Central Los Angeles .
( More on the case here . )
The photographer established a legal fund and appealed for donations after he was unable to convince his public defender that his rights as a photographer to document the work of the artists had some bearing on the case against him .
In just over a week , enough friends and colleagues in the photo community responded with donations for Lara to pay the retainer for The Kavinoky Law Firm , a group of California - based criminal lawyers .
Joel Koury , the attorney who represented Lara in court this morning , says his strategy was to “ go in with guns blazing , ” which caught the prosecutor off guard , because key evidence — pictures that the police claimed they took showing Lara ’s hands with paint on them — had apparently gone missing .
Koury says he doubts that the police ever took them .
The prosecutor , judge and Koury then discussed a formal diversion plea for the vandalism charge , which would have required Lara to perform community service over the course of 18 months before the case would be dismissed .
Koury told the judge he would talk to Lara about agreeing to a six - month probationary period , but instead Lara and the attorney decided to stay on the offensive , refused the deal and pushed for a trial .
Koury also showed the prosecutor character letters colleagues had written on Lara ’s behalf , proof that Lara was in art school and had published books of his work , and proof that he had a photography business registered with the IRS .
“ We ’re not talking about some gang member , we ’re talking about an actual photojournalist , ” Koury says he told the prosecutor .
“ Just because a photojournalist takes a picture of someone committing a crime does not turn the photographer into a criminal , ” he adds .
The prosecutor then offered to knock the charge down to trespassing and agree to an informal diversion plea , but again Lara and his attorney refused .
Koury says he asked the prosecutor what was really important to her in the case , and she responded that the property owner had paid $ 200 to have the graffiti murals cleaned off the wall of the building .
Koury says that though he believes he would have beat the trespass charge in a jury trial , he offered at Lara ’s behest to agree to have Lara pay the $ 200 restitution fee to the property owner in exchange for the charge being reduced to a disturbing the peace infraction .
Though Koury says he feels “ a little bad ” that Lara paid the restitution , the deal guaranteed Lara could walk away from court today with no criminal record rather than having to go through a jury trial .
The LAPD has still refused to return Lara ’s camera equipment despite the judge ’s order .
When Lara went to the police station to retrieve his equipment the police were “ really pissed off , ” he says , and attempted to question him further about the February 2 incident .
Koury says it is just a case of “ cops being a little bit stubborn . ”
He expects Lara should have his gear back in a day or so .
Lara first met with and hired The Kavinoky Law Firm yesterday afternoon .
The firm , which typically commands retainers in the five figures , agreed to represent Lara for far less “ because we were pissed off , ” Koury says .
“ It was ridiculous that [ a photojournalist ] would find himself in that position . ”
DRAMATIC sunsets , aflame with red and gold , across northern Europe will have offered little compensation to airline passengers suffering the consequences of the extensive cloud of ash belching from an Icelandic volcano .
Terminals empty of passengers and grounded aircraft attested to the power of nature to disrupt the travel plans of millions as many of Europe 's busiest airports were forced to close for business on Thursday April 15th .
The travel chaos is set to continue for several days , even if the volcano stops erupting or the wind changes direction and blows the cloud away from Europe 's crowded air space .
The risk to planes comes from tiny particles of silicate that reduce visibility for pilots and , worse , could knock out a jet engine .
In recent years several instances have been reported of engines cutting out after flying through volcanic clouds , though thankfully pilots have then been able to restart them at lower altitudes away from the hazardous ash .
Britain 's authorities said that most of the country 's airspace would be closed for a second day and at least until at least 1 am on Saturday .
By Friday Charles De Gaulle in Paris , and many smaller French airports ; most of Germany 's big airports , including Frankfurt , the base for Germany 's Lufthansa ; Schiphol in Amsterdam ; and many smaller hubs in Belgium , Ireland and Scandinavia had closed for business .
As the cloud drifted east towards Russia the Polish authorities started to close airspace there too .
Eurocontrol , which oversees air traffic in Europe , expects around 11,000 flights to take off in the region today where usually there would be some 28,000 .
Around a third of the morning flights on transatlantic routes into Europe , one the world 's busiest , arrived at their destinations .
Even if the Icelandic volcano 's eruption stopped tomorrow , thousands of flights in and out of Europe and millions of passengers will be disrupted .
And it may take many days to get schedules back to normal , as grounded planes and crew are redirected to the right parts of the world .
The Centre for Asia Pacific Aviation , an Australian airline consultancy , reckons that around 6 m passengers will be affected if , as seems possible , the disruption goes on for a third day .
The fear not just for Europe 's airlines but for the continent as a whole is that the effects could last for days or even weeks .
Europe 's airlines have struggled through a nasty recession that led to deep losses but until Eyjafjallajökull intervened things seemed to be improving .
In February passenger numbers for European airlines were 4.3 % up over the year before according to IATA , the airline 's industry body .
And in March IATA halved its forecast for airlines losses for the year to $ 2.8 billion .
Yet recovery in the vital transatlantic business market and shrinking short - haul travel continues to put a strain on airline finances .
Losing over $ 200 m a day to volcanic disruption will not help .
For all the signs of recovery the situation has worrying echo of the damage wrought to America 's struggling airlines in the wake of the September 11th terrorist attacks in 2001 .
The suspension of all flights in American airspace for several days in the wake of the terror attacks forced a $ 15 billion government bail - out for domestic carriers .
Even with this help US Airways and United Airlines were forced to file for bankruptcy in 2002 .
A prolonged disruption of flights in and out of northern Europe could threaten the tentative economic recovery in the region if business travellers and tourists stop arriving .
Another more immediate worry for northern Europe is the health risk that volcanic ash might bring .
While the ash cloud floats miles above the earth it poses only a risk to jet engines .
But reports suggest that it may have started to settle on the ground in Scotland .
More could follow further south .
The World Health Organisation recommends staying inside if ash starts raining down from the sky .
The agency admits that the exact health worries are unclear but reckons that inhaled particles might cause respiratory problems .
Moreover volcanoes spewing ash into the atmosphere can have effects on the climate too .
A far larger eruption in Iceland in 1783 threw sulphur dioxide and other gases and dust into the air creating a persistent haze that blocked out sunlight .
Airlines have weathered the effects of recessions , terror attacks , wars and diseases such as SARS in the past and most will eventually get over a few days lost to volcanic activity .
But a prolonged eruption could have more unpleasant effects not just for air travellers but for everyone in the region .
By Liam Allen
Entertainment reporter , BBC News
Oliver 's US campaign , Jamie 's Food Revolution , is showing on ABC Jamie Oliver plans to spend millions of pounds of his own money over 10 years to improve food education and meals in UK primary schools , he has revealed .
Individual schools could bid for " literally hundreds of thousands of pounds " to take measures including building gardens and new kitchens .
He said he wanted to " touch 1,000 " of the UK 's 20,000 - plus primary schools .
Although plans were at an early stage , he hoped the scheme would provide a model for government policy .
Last month , a study by Oxford University and Essex University found that Oliver 's campaign for healthy school dinners had boosted pupils ' test results .
He started his Feed Me Better Campaign in 2005 because he was appalled by the junk food being served at many schools in England .
Aggressive approach
He told the BBC he hoped his new scheme would tackle childhood obesity in " the most unhealthy country in Europe " which had " the first generation of kids expected to live a shorter life than their parents " .
Oliver , 34 , was speaking after it was reported that he will appear in 22nd place on the Times Giving List , which estimates he has given £ 2.7 m to charity .
His Fifteen restaurants support a charitable foundation which funds chef apprenticeships for disadvantaged young people .
We 'll say to government , ' now we 've proved it - just do it '
Jamie Oliver " Probably what I am going to do over the next 10 to 15 years is literally have a percentage of profits from every single company that I have which hives cash down . "
The pot of money would be used to create " a mechanism of food that the schools can bid for " .
" If , in terms of parents and teachers , they can put all their ducks in a row then literally hundreds of thousands of pounds will be spent on that school .
" It will build gardens , build school kitchens , give them seeds and fruit trees as well as teaching collateral including web sites , DVDs and conferences . "
' Tangible change ' Mentors provided by Oliver would help to provide full food education support , he said .
Oliver , who has made a new Channel 4 series Jamie Does and written an accompanying book , said he hoped to start off with 20 to 40 schools a year , building to between 80 and 100 " .
He hoped eventually to introduce the project to 1,000 , or about 5 % , of primary schools , he said .
Oliver faced resistance in his original campaign from parents and children " It only takes 2 % to change anything , " he added .
" We 'll use that private , entrepreneurial , idea - that is obsessed by relevance and making a true , real tangible change to children and their parents - to then come up with a model .
" And we 'll say to government , ' now I 've proved it - let 's do it ' . "
He added : " It 'll work , just give me 10 years . "
In March , researchers reported that primary pupils in Greenwich , London , who took part in the Feed Me Better scheme , achieved better results than those in neighbouring boroughs and were less likely to be off sick from school .
Schools replaced junk food and processed dinners high in fat , salt and sugar , with healthy school lunches .
Another Oliver TV show , Jamie 's Food Revolution - based on a similar campaign on the other side of the Atlantic - is currently being shown in the US on ABC .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Renault have accused McLaren of driving " a cart horse through the spirit " of Formula
One with their new rear wing even though it has been approved by the sport 's ruling body .
" It is fundamentally clear that the McLaren wing design is totally illegal , " Bob Bell , Renault 's managing director Bob Bell told the BBC after the first practice session of the season at the Bahrain grand prix today .
" They have driven a cart horse through the spirit of the rules and regulations , " said Bell .
" They have opened up another arms race , it 's going to cost everybody a lot of money .
The governing bodies need to be a lot stronger with these things . "
Renault themselves are competing under a suspended permanent ban after the race - fixing controversy that cast a shadow over last season .
The McLaren car passed inspections yesterday at the Sakhir circuit and the team maintained that they consulted the FIA , Formula One 's governing body , throughout the design process .
Patrick Head , the Williams co-owner and engineering director , told Reuters that the rear wing had a slot that appeared to be fed by a duct that the McLaren drivers Jenson Button and Lewis Hamilton could block at will by body movement .
" I understand that [ race director ] Charlie [ Whiting ] is saying that article three of the regulations that would limit something like that do n't apply to the driver , only to the car , " he said .
" But I do remember when our active ride car was banned , it was banned on the grounds that a piston in the strut was moving and by virtue of doing so was influencing the aerodynamic performance of the car .
" What I 'm told Charlie is saying is that Lewis or Jenson 's knee , or whatever it is , is not part of the car .
" It is a bit of a problem because if one car is suddenly able to gain five or six km an hour on the straight then we 've all got to do it , " he added .
He speculated that drivers might conceivably drive one - handed down the straight with the other hand covering the flow of air through a hole in the cockpit to secure an aerodynamic advantage .
The Red Bull team manager Christian Horner said : " The FIA have looked at it and deemed it to be okay .
It 's therefore a clever design rather than an illegal design .
The question is , is the driver part of the car ?
They deem him not to be .
" Inevitably now there will be a wild goose chase of all the teams chasing that loophole .
We have to come up with another solution .
Anything 's possible . "
Asked if there would be a protest , Horner added : " I do n't know .
We 're happy with the verdict from the FIA .
We wanted clarity and we have that . "
When Big Star frontman and wallflower hero Alex Chilton died suddenly of a heart attack last month , the news hit hard .
After all , Chilton was only 59 .
Now we 're getting more details about Chilton 's death that makes the whole thing even more devastating : it might 've been averted if Chilton had health insurance .
As Consequence of Sound points out , a recent New Orleans Times - Picayune feature covers Chilton 's life since the early ' 80s , which he spent living in New Orleans .
For the most part , it 's a fascinating story of someone who willfully withdrew from public life , working only when he had to make a little money for himself .
But near the end of the profile , there 's a bit about health problems that Chilton never had treated .
Times - Picayune writer Keith Spera writes , " At least twice in the week before his fatal heart attack , Chilton experienced shortness of breath and chills while cutting grass .
But he did not seek medical attention , [ wife Laura ] Kersting said , in part because he had no health insurance . "
It 's impossible to say if things would 've gone differently if Chilton had sought that medical attention , but this is a sad , sad story any way you look at it .
WASHINGTON — Representative Barney Frank has vowed to keep transgender rights in his bill to protect gays and lesbians in the workplace , despite opposition from some key moderates that could derail the proposal .
For decades , the Newton Democrat has led congressional efforts to help gay workers , and three years ago he similarly included transgender rights in the Employment Nondiscrimination Act .
But he wound up removing that provision in order to get the legislation passed in the House , a move that divided the gay rights community .
That bill died in the Senate .
Now Frank says he will keep transgender rights in the current bill , and gay rights activists appear united in support .
But some Republicans say they would back the legislation only if the transgender rights portion is dropped .
“ If you include transgender rights , I think that just pushes the envelope too far , ’’ said Representative John Campbell of California , a Republican who voted for Frank ’s bill in 2007 .
“ It is seen by the populace as a very extreme procedure . ’’
Campbell is not the only previous supporter to object .
Republican Representatives Jeff Flake of Arizona , Paul Ryan of Wisconsin , and Jim Gerlach of Pennsylvania also say they do n’t support the current version because it includes transgender rights .
Also , some moderate Democrats have expressed concerns about voting on the transgender provision with the midterm elections approaching .
Transgender generally refers to people who are born as one gender but live as another , and gender identity refers to how individuals define their own sex .
While gay rights such as protection from hate crimes or workplace bias are becoming increasingly accepted by the public , transgender rights lag .
Opponents deride laws that include transgender rights as “ bathroom bills , ’’ over concerns about males who identify as a female demanding the right to use the women ’s bathroom .
“ The right wing has correctly identified it as a really useful wedge issue , ’’ said Susan Stryker , who is transgender and an associate professor of gender studies at Indiana University .
“ They can use it to inflame really baseless fears on the part of the general public , and they know it ’s a vulnerable spot with some not - insignificant fraction of the gay and lesbian community . ’’
Frank ’s decision to push forward with an employment nondiscrimination bill that includes transgender individuals illustrates a gradual shift among many gay - rights activists , who say that any new civil rights should be given to all in the gay community .
But battles over transgender rights in Massachusetts and other states have shown how difficult it can be to grant such rights .
Twenty - one states offer employment protections for gay workers , but eight of those — including Massachusetts — do not extend such coverage to transgender people .
Massachusetts granted gay and lesbian individuals employment protections in 1989 , but a bill that would award similar rights to transgender people remains tied up in the State House .
The issue has become a flashpoint in the Massachusetts governor ’s race , with Charles D. Baker and Timothy P. Cahill both saying they would veto transgender rights legislation while Governor Deval Patrick said he supports it .
Given the controversy both on the state and national level , some transgender individuals are concerned that they will eventually be left out of the congressional legislation .
“ Many people are concerned that [ Frank ] sees transgender rights as a bargaining chip , the first thing to get rid of , ’’ Stryker said .
This time , Frank said , he ’s committed to keeping transgender rights .
The Massachusetts Democrat , who has been openly gay since 1987 , has pushed for employment protections since he was a state representative in the 1970s , when some people did n’t want to think about gay people , Frank said .
“ To some extent , the transgender community is in that same situation , where the very mention of it makes people uncomfortable , ’’ he said .
Gunner Scott , executive director of the Massachusetts Transgender Political Coalition , said his own experience shows the protection is necessary .
“ People still feel entitled to go up to someone they see is transgender and say really awful things in public spaces , ’’ Scott said .
Frank ’s measure , which has 202 cosponsors , would make it illegal for employers with 15 or more employees to discriminate based on sexual orientation or gender identity .
Religious organizations and the military are exempt .
Some conservative groups ridiculed the proposal .
The Traditional Values Coalition asks on its website , “ Do you want men dressed as women teaching your kids ? ’’
Frank has tried to address such concerns by including a provision in the bill that says companies can require employees “ to adhere to reasonable dress and grooming standards . ’’
The Senate ’s version of the current bill has 44 cosponsors , including Senator John Kerry , the Massachusetts Democrat , and Maine Republicans Olympia Snowe and Susan Collins .
Senator Scott Brown , the Massachusetts Republican , has not taken a position , according to his spokesman .
The Obama administration backs the measure , saying on the White House website that it “ believes that our anti-discrimination employment laws should be expanded to include sexual orientation and gender identity . ’’
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
Jans Aasman is CEO of Franz Inc .
He recently took time to talk to Dr. Dobb 's about Lisp and other subjects .
Dr. Dobb's : Jans , when I hear " Franz " I can't help but add " Lisp " .
Is Lisp still at the core of what Franz is up to these days ?
Aasman : I know you journalists want clarity , so my clear answer is a resounding " yes " and " no " .
Yes # 1 , we are still investing in our Lisp ( Allegro CL ) .
We recently released a new version , 8.2 , and are planning v9.0 for later this year .
We run on more platforms than ever , and we have our updated IDE running on the Mac .
Also , real soon we 'll announce our SMP ( Symmetric Multi Processing ) version of Allegro CL to automatically take advantage of all the multicore processors in a system .
Yes # 2 .
AllegroGraph is the most ambitious internal projects we have ever worked on at Franz .
It is a robust commercial graph database that is , in our humble opinion , the most scalable graph database for RDF data available , and it is all written in Lisp .
So we are eating our own dog food .
Actually , by doing this we have made many low level advancements in Allegro CL to improve data manipulation capabilities for " Big Data " .
It is important to note that we own the entire technology stack which allows us to make optimizations all the way down to the hardware level .
No .
What we see is that AllegroGraph is now more than half of our business , so in that sense you could say AllegroGraph is a new core .
Dr. Dobb's : Did Lisp play a part of the recently announced Franz - IO Informatics partnership to deliver " fit for purpose " applications created by a Semantic application framework ?
Aasman : No , not really .
We used some Lisp in the project , just to do data manipulation but for the most part the work was done by AllegroGraph and the IO Informatics tools .
Dr. Dobb's :
Why is Lisp so ideally suited to " semantics " such as with the Semantic web ?
Aasman :
There are several ways to answers this question , let me try a few .
The main argument would be that Lisp is still the premier language for Artificial Intelligence and the Semantic Web is a sane and more modest revival of AI .
The first applications written in Lisp were semantic networks .
People would write knowledge processing applications and expert systems that were always built on top of a semantic network .
Some of these semantic networks were more like frame - based system , where a frame is a thing that has a type ( say ' person ' ) and a bunch of arbitrary attributes ( say ' first - name ' ' last - name ' ' dob ' , etc ) .
These frame systems had , from day one , the capability to add any arbitrary attribute .
The whole semantic web is just like a frame system .
You have things that have a type and then a bunch of ( arbitrary ) attributes and then some logic around it to make it smart .
Lisp was good at frames then and now with modern hardware it is even better at it now .
One other reason that our Lisp is ideally suited for semantics is that we have a built in Prolog in our Lisp .
Prolog is a declarative language build around logic and it is on many levels more powerful and practical than all the other logics invented by the semantic web community .
We can use Prolog as a perfect rule - based system and query language for our triple store .
So in our Lisp the rule and query language was built in from day one .
As an aside , many of the founders of the Semantic Web are Lisp people .
The first triple stores were written in Lisp ( Ora Lassila from Nokia Labs ) .
Jim Hendler and Dean Allemang wrote the book : the working Ontologist .
Jim Hendler was also the driving force behind DAML that later became OWL
Deborah McGuinness who was on all the committees that lead ultimately to ontologies .
The first scalable reasoners for the Semantic Web were all written in Lisp ( think of Fact by professor Ian Horrocks , think of Racer by Prof Haarslev and Prof Moller )
etc , etc .
Also see the paper The Use of Lisp in Semantic Web Applications .
Dr. Dobb's :
What 's new with Lisp ?
Aasman :
Do you mean with Lisp in general or the Lisp that Franz provides ?
Let me take the second interpretation : From our ( biased )
Franz perspective here are the exciting things :
Symmetric Multi Processing
The IDE and graphics system now run on all major platform , including the Mac
You can debug Lisp programs visually in a stepper
When you download our free version of Allegro CL you get ( also for free ) a professional object - oriented database ( AllegroCache ) and semantic web database ( AllegroGraph ) .
Dr. Dobb's :
What is a " dynamic object caching database "
Aasman : Dynamic object caching means that the language makes sure that the objects are in memory when you need them ( and more importantly ) , get rid of them when you do n't need them anymore .
We also sell an object - oriented database ( AllegroCache ) that is totally integrated in the language itself .
Not some wrapper around a relational database but a completely native object - oriented database that is completely embedded in the language .
So you can program as if objects are in memory but they are actually on disk .
Dr. Dobb's :
Thanks for your time .
If you 've read enough of the reporting on the completion of genomes , you 'll invariably come across a science writer who has compared the genome to the operating system of the cell .
Apparently , a team of researchers from Yale decided to take the metaphor seriously .
They built a call graph of the Linux kernel , and compared that to the gene regulation network of the gut bacterium E. coli .
Given that the two serve radically different purposes , it should come as no surprise that the layouts look radically different — but the real surprise may be that there are so many intriguing points of comparison .
We 'll take a look at each of the two systems in turn .
To create a graph of the E. coli gene regulatory network , the authors divided up genes into three categories .
Some genes do n't do any regulation ; they perform a structural or metabolic function and only receive input from the regulators .
These were defined as workhorses , and placed at the foundation of the graph .
Other genes participate in regulatory networks , receiving input from their peers , and controlling both workhorses and other regulators — these were termed middle managers .
Finally , a few master regulators sit on top of the hierarchy and only regulate other genes .
This is obviously a bit of a simplistic analysis .
Even the master regulators would n't get produced if there were n't some basic machinery around to transcribe genes .
Some regulatory relationships rely on more than proteins — the proteins wo n't work unless a small molecule signal is around .
And , finally , transcription of genes is n't the only level at which regulation takes place , as there are lots of biochemical steps between there and a functional protein .
Although these are significant caveats , the pattern the authors saw is pretty obvious : bacteria have a very bottom - heavy , workhorse - rich gene hierarchy .
Most of the genes make proteins that go off and do other things ; the middle managers and master regulators account for less than five percent each of the total gene complement .
Bacteria ( left ) have a workhorse - rich regulatory hierarchy , while the Linux kernel ( right ) is filled with upper and middle management .
Image courtesy of study author Koon - Kiu Yan .
Shifting gears to the Linux kernel , we see the call graph has a similar set of functions .
Some of them get work done without having to resort to calling another function , which is the workhorse level .
Middle managers both require other functions to do their task , and get used by a different set of functions in return .
Finally , the master regulators are called by no one , although they require calls to other functions to get their work done .
Based on these criteria , Linux is very management - heavy .
Over 80 percent of the functions in the call graph appear in the two upper layers .
The authors then performed several comparisons .
For starters , they defined modules as regulatory networks in which control flows from the master regulators down to workhorses .
Because of its paucity of upper management , the E. coli genome only has 64 of these ; Linux has over 3,600 .
Bacterial modules also tend to operate in isolation .
Less than five percent of them overlap , and only 15.6 percent of the genes get reused in multiple notes .
The equivalent numbers for Linux functions are 81 and 88 percent .
( There 's an intriguing parallel with the most frequently reused item .
For Linux , it 's printk , which handles standard display , and shows up in over 90 percent of the modules .
For E. coli , it 's a protein that controls the flow of metabolites across the cell 's membrane .
That may be central , but it still shows up in only 20 percent of the modules . )
They then took an evolutionary view .
Persistent genes were identified based on conservation across 200 bacterial species .
Persistent functions are the ones that have been around since the first version of the Linux kernel .
For the bacteria , almost all of the persistent genes are workhorses , and very few of the persistent workhorses appear in multiple regulatory modules .
For Linux , there 's a bias towards persistence in management functions , and those functions that have stayed around are more likely to be used by several modules .
The authors argue that these differences are the product of different forms of selection .
For E. coli , the pressure that keeps the regulatory modules separate is the need for robustness .
If one of the genes involved gets damaged , only a small portion of the cell 's network is inactivated , so problems do n't propagate .
In contrast , Linux is constrained by a combination of computer hardware , user needs , and developer planning .
The former two can keep functions around for a while , even if they 're not widely useful .
The latter places a premium on code reuse , which can help drive the tendency towards overlapping modules .
All of that seems like a neat and tidy explanation , which tends to make me mistrust it ( they also called Linux " popular , " which did n't help either ) .
But the authors suggest that they plan on taking it to Eukaryotes , which are much more complex , and seem to have a larger fraction of genes acting in the management levels .
Developmental studies also produce many organs by redeploying the same module in new contexts — triggering bone development in both the ribs and fingers , for example .
If they 're right , then the eukaryotes may look a lot more like Linux .
PNAS , 2010 .
DOI : 10.1073/pnas.0914771107 ( About DOIs ) .
Death in Waziristan German Officials Believe Berlin Islamist Killed in Pakistan
Security authorities in Germany believe that another member of a group of German Islamist insurgents in Pakistan has been killed .
Officials wonder whether the deaths will be a deterrent for copycats or whether it will inspire others to sign up for jihad .
Kansas City , Kan .
ON Friday , Gov. Jan Brewer of Arizona signed a law  SB 1070  that prohibits the harboring of illegal aliens and makes it a state crime for an alien to commit certain federal immigration crimes .
It also requires police officers who , in the course of a traffic stop or other law - enforcement action , come to a “ reasonable suspicion ” that a person is an illegal alien verify the person ’s immigration status with the federal government .
Predictably , groups that favor relaxed enforcement of immigration laws , including the American Civil Liberties Union and the Mexican American Legal Defense and Education Fund , insist the law is unconstitutional .
Less predictably , President Obama declared it “ misguided ” and said the Justice Department would take a look .
Presumably , the government lawyers who do so will actually read the law , something its critics do n’t seem to have done .
The arguments we ’ve heard against it either misrepresent its text or are otherwise inaccurate .
As someone who helped draft the statute , I will rebut the major criticisms individually :
It is unfair to demand that aliens carry their documents with them .
It is true that the Arizona law makes it a misdemeanor for an alien to fail to carry certain documents .
“ Now , suddenly , if you do n’t have your papers ... you ’re going to be harassed , ” the president said .
“ That ’s not the right way to go . ”
But since 1940 , it has been a federal crime for aliens to fail to keep such registration documents with them .
The Arizona law simply adds a state penalty to what was already a federal crime .
Moreover , as anyone who has traveled abroad knows , other nations have similar documentation requirements .
“ Reasonable suspicion ” is a meaningless term that will permit police misconduct .
Over the past four decades , federal courts have issued hundreds of opinions defining those two words .
The Arizona law did n’t invent the concept : Precedents list the factors that can contribute to reasonable suspicion ; when several are combined , the “ totality of circumstances ” that results may create reasonable suspicion that a crime has been committed .
Are we living through the twilight of democracy , or the dawn of a new day ?
That is up to us .
The Chambersburg Declaration is a brief but promising political document coming out of Pennsylvania , specifically the Community Environmental Legal Defense Fund .
Explanation follows . [ alex ]
THE CHAMBERSBURG DECLARATION
BY THE UNDERSIGNED IN CHAMBERSBURG , PENNSYLVANIA , ON
SATURDAY , FEBRUARY 20TH , 2010
We declare :
– That the political , legal , and economic systems of the United States allow , in each generation , an elite few to impose policy and governing decisions that threaten the very survival of human and natural communities ;
– That the goal of those decisions is to concentrate wealth and greater governing power through the exploitation of human and natural communities , while promoting the belief that such exploitation is necessary for the common good ;
– That the survival of our communities depends on replacing this system of governance by the privileged with new community - based democratic decision - making systems ;
– That environmental and economic sustainability can be achieved only when the people affected by governing decisions are the ones who make them ;
– That , for the past two centuries , people have been unable to secure economic and environmental sustainability primarily through the existing minority - rule system , laboring under the myth that we live in a democracy ;
– That most reformers and activists have not focused on replacing the current system of elite decision - making with a democratic one , but have concentrated merely on lobbying the factions in power to make better decisions ; and
– That reformers and activists have not halted the destruction of our human or natural communities because they have viewed economic and environmental ills as isolated problems , rather than as symptoms produced by the absence of democracy .
Therefore , let it be resolved :
– That a people ’s movement must be created with a goal of revoking the authority of the corporate minority to impose political , legal , and economic systems that endanger our human and natural communities ;
– That such a movement shall begin in the municipal communities of Pennsylvania ;
– That we , the people , must transform our individual community struggles into new frameworks of law that dismantle the existing undemocratic systems while codifying new , sustainable systems ;
– That such a movement must grow and accelerate through the work of people in all municipalities to raise the profile of this work at state and national levels ;
– That when corporate and governmental decision - makers challenge the people ’s right to assert local , community self - governance through passage of municipal law , the people , through their municipal governments , must openly and frontally defy those legal and political doctrines that subordinate the rights of the people to the privileges of a few ;
– That those doctrines include preemption , subordination of municipal governments ; bestowal of constitutional rights upon corporations , and relegating ecosystems to the status of property ;
– That those communities in defiance of rights - denying law must join with other communities in our state and across the nation to envision and build new state and federal constitutional structures that codify new , rights - asserting systems of governance ;
– That Pennsylvania communities have worked for more than a decade to advance those new systems and , therefore , have the responsibility to become the first communities to call for a new state constitutional structure ; and
– That now , this 20th day of February , 2010 , the undersigned pledge to begin that work , which will drive the right to local , community self - government into the Pennsylvania Constitution , thus liberating Pennsylvania communities from the legal and political doctrines that prevent them from building economically and environmentally sustainable communities .
That a Call Issues from this Gathering :
– To create a network of people committed to securing the right to local , community self - government , the reversal of political , legal , and cultural doctrines that interfere with that right , and the creation of a new system and doctrines that support that right ;
– To call upon the people and elected officials across the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania to convene a larger gathering of delegates representing their municipal communities , who will propose constitutional changes to secure the right of local , community self - government ; and
– To create the people ’s movement that will result in these changes to the Pennsylvania Constitution .
The Community Environmental Legal Defense Fund
P.O. Box 2016 Chambersburg , Pennsylvania 17201
http://www.celdf.org
MEDIA RELEASE
February 20 , 2010
For Immediate Release
Contact : Ben Price
Projects Director
717-254-3233
bengprice@aol.com
Laying the Groundwork for a People ’s Constitutional Convention
Pennsylvania Community Rights Network Launched
To organize a people ’s convention of delegates , representing municipal communities , who will propose constitutional changes to secure the inalienable right to local , community self - government free of state and corporate preemption .
Chambersburg , PA ( February 20 , 2010 )
Citizens from more than a dozen counties met in Chambersburg on Saturday , February 20th , to initiate plans to convene a Pennsylvania People ’s Constitutional Convention made up of delegates from municipalities across the state .
The Community Rights Network Conference brought together men and women who have struggled for years to assert the rights of citizens to protect the health , welfare and environment of their communities , only to be met with a barrage of legislative preemptions and threats of corporate lawsuits .
“ Not one of our 12.5 million Pennsylvanians enjoys the fundamental right to self - government in the communities where they live , ” commented Ben Price , Projects Director for the Legal Defense Fund .
“ In January 2008 , attorney general Tom Corbett ’s office declared in Commonwealth Court that ‘ there is no inalienable right to local self - government ’
Pennsylvanians overwhelmingly think he ’s wrong , and it ’s time for our Constitution to reflect the will of the people , ” Price said .
The day - long conference was the first opportunity for many of these local organizers to meet and share their experiences .
Describing their townships and boroughs as “ resource colonies for corporations ” and “ sacrifice zones ” for waste haulers , they concluded their deliberations by pledging to become Community Rights Networkers , and by issuing the Chambersburg Declaration , which presents the case for building a community - driven movement for constitutional change to guarantee local self - governing rights that protect the rights of all Pennsylvanians , not just the privileges of corporations and their limited - liability beneficiaries .
The Networkers pledged to quickly implement the first steps of a campaign to create a people ’s movement for community rights .
They will be hosting neighborhood discussions , scheduling Democracy School seminars that unveil the legal checks on democracy that prevent people from exercising their rights to protect their quality of life in the places where they live , and by urging their municipalities to appoint delegates to form an organizing committee as the first step toward convening a People ’s Constitutional Convention .
Background
Over the past few years , more than a dozen communities across Pennsylvania have adopted local self - governance ordinances that challenge the authority of the state to preempt local decision - making on behalf of corporations .
In response , the state and corporations have conspired to adopt anti-democratic legislation that preempts local decision - making , and have used the courts to sue a handful of these municipalities .
Some cases have been dismissed , some communities have prevailed and others are ongoing , but state agencies , municipal solicitors , state legislators and corporate lawyers have erected a legal fortress to protect corporate privileges against democratic governance at the community level .
Over the past year , the Legal Defense Fund staff have discussed the need to bring together all of the communities they have worked with across Pennsylvania to decide on next steps in the struggle for community governing rights .
The goal is to build a statewide movement to drive the right to local self - government into the Constitution of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania .
The need for constitutional change has been recognized by a growing number of people and organizations across the state .
Of highest importance to the convening of any constitutional convention are the manner of its convening , the scope of its powers and the choosing of delegates .
The Pennsylvania Constitution recognizes that
“ All power is inherent in the people , and all free governments are founded on their authority and instituted for their peace , safety and happiness .
For the advancement of these ends they have at all times an inalienable and indefeasible right to alter , reform or abolish their government in such manner as they may think proper . ” ( Article I , Section 2 )
It also cautions us
“ To guard against the transgressions of the high powers which we have delegated , we declare that everything in this article is excepted out of the general powers of government and shall forever remain inviolate . ” ( Article I , Section 25 )
And yet , the legislature and courts , to whom we , the people , have delegated high powers , claim that the “ inalienable and indefeasible right to alter , reform or abolish their government in such manner as they may think proper ” may be exercised by the people only if and when the legislature places a question on the ballot to call for a convention or to allow the people to adopt an amendment proposed by the very government the people want to alter , reform or abolish .
The Pennsylvania Community Networking Conference marks a significant turning point in the struggle for community rights , and the Chambersburg Declaration is a common - sense assessment of the obstacles to Pennsylvanians realizing their aspirations right there in the communities where they live .
Placing a constitutional convention in the hands of real people representing their municipal communities is the innovative solution that is needed .
In 1776 , when Pennsylvania revolutionaries drafted the first state constitution , they asserted that :
“ all government ought to be instituted and supported for the security and protection of the community as such … government is , or ought to be , instituted for the common benefit , protection and security of the people , nation or community ; and not for the particular emolument or advantage of any single man , family , or set of men , who are only part of that community :
And …the community hath an indubitable , unalienable and indefeasible right to reform , alter , or abolish government in such manner as shall be by that community judged most conducive to the public weal . ”
It is time to realize those principled aspirations .
Is Nietzsche important to my aesthetics ?
I was reading Nietzsche on the train last week but nobody noticed .
I must have been doing something wrong .
Maybe my esoteric sweater was distracting people from how intellectual I was .
Or maybe Nietzsche is n’t really in vogue right now ?
Sartre was all the rage last season .
Can you tell me if Nietzsche is the new Sartre , or are we supposed to read Kierkegaard ?
I think I am still going to give it another shot .
I ’m going to buy this edition :
His name is printed in large sans - serif capital letters on the cover so people will have to pay attention .
I will maybe also wear some darker colours so I look more sophisticated .
What do you think I should wear to get noticed ?
What goes well with Nietzsche ?
I think maybe I should go for Pima cotton instead of wool because Nietzsche would have supported the colonising process that was involved in bringing the cotton to Westerners , and how the slaves were treated in the cotton plantations .
Only someone like the Übermensch can own slaves , so I am emulating the Übermensch by wearing cotton .
I think shoes are important too .
You can tell how the idealism of people will be just by looking at their shoes , which is pretty important .
Can shoes also reveal people ’s metaphysics ?
What shoes should I wear while reading Nietzsche on the train ?
Do you think I will get noticed ?
Do you think the notion of noblesse oblige applies in Nietzschean morality ?
If I shop only at thrift stores do I still have to help the poor ?
Do you think starting this blog is obscure enough ?
Do you think starting this blog about my life is a good idea ?
I think it is important because I may be an Übermensch .
The Italians have a one - syllable word , an interjection , that means “ I do n’t know ” : “ Boh . ” And “ Boh ” is probably the only credible commentary anyone can make right now about the country ’s political situation .
At the end of March , Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi ’s Popolo della Libertà or “ Freedom People ” party swept regional elections nationwide , gaining control of four new regions ( roughly equivalent to states in the US ) , including Campania ( Naples ) , Lazio ( Rome ) , and Piedmont ( Turin ) , while holding on to Lombardy ( Milan ) and the Veneto .
The opposition ’s Democratic Party , forever split into squabbling groups , once again missed an opportunity ( indeed there is no opportunity so far that they have not missed ) .
Most of the contests were close , and turnout was unusually low by Italian standards .
For his part , Berlusconi credited the center - right victory to Freedom People ’s status as “ the party of love . ”
For people over forty , the phrase brought back memories : in 1991 , the pornographic actress and parliamentarian ( and former muse of Jeff Koons ) Cicciolina founded a real rather than a metaphorical Party of Love ( Partito dell ’ Amore ) together with her manager Riccardo Schicchi , to promote a somewhat different political platform than the one endorsed by Berlusconi ’s Freedom People of 2010 .
The Party of Love garnered 12,393 votes in the 1992 parliamentary elections , but died prematurely when its chief candidate , Moana Pozzi ( another porn star in Schicchi ’s stable ) , succumbed to liver cancer in 1994 at the age of 33 .
Was Berlusconi ’s description of his party as the “ party of love ” a deliberate echo , a coincidence , or the fruit of subliminal suggestion related to his recent dalliances ?
Boh .
On April 22 , the Freedom People gathered to parcel out their newly won spoils in the Roman theatre known as the Auditorium della Conciliazione — the “ Auditorium of Accord , ” but what happened next was anything but a peaceable love - fest .
Berlusconi owed his party ’s victory to an increasingly close alliance with the separatist Northern League .
While its members — a rough - hewn , rough - spoken lot — waited eagerly for their reward , Berlusconi prepared to glory in his triumph by driving home the series of “ reforms ” he has called for since his own election as Prime Minister , among them decentralizing the national budget , restricting the duties of magistrates , and protecting the nation ’s highest officeholders from prosecution during their terms of office .
But both he and the Northern League underestimated the other important element in their cobbled - together center - right coalition : Gianfranco Fini , a skilled parliamentarian who represents the former right - wing National Alliance party .
Fini ’s political career has taken him in forty years from the far - right ranks of the neo -Fascist Italian Social Movement ( MSI ) during Italy ’s bloody “ Years of Lead ” to an anti-Fascist , center - right position distinctive for its rigorous call for a separation between Church and state ( this in a country where the dominant party for decades was called Christian Democracy ) .
Outspoken in his admiration for Mussolini as late as 1992 , by 1995 Fini had publicly repudiated Fascism .
For the past sixteen years , he , Berlusconi , and the Northern League ’s leader , Umberto Bossi , have been forced into an uneasy ménage à trois to maintain a set of center - right coalitions , but their personalities , interests , and political goals are radically different .
At present , the most significant fault line is this : Berlusconi and Bossi are populists ; Fini has turned into a statesman .
Furthermore , as President of Italy ’s lower house , the Chamber of Deputies , he now holds a rank equivalent to that of the U.S. Speaker of the House , that is , the third highest office in the land .
And he was having none of the Northern League ’s new ascendancy .
At the Auditorium of Accord , the deep rifts all came out into the open .
In his turn at the podium , Fini challenged Berlusconi on several of the Prime Minister ’s sorest points : his growing dependency on the Northern League ( “ in the North , we ’ve turned into a photocopy of them ” ) ; his hypersensitivity to criticism ( “ Having opinions that differ from those of the party president … means exercising a right and a duty .
Can we really dismiss differing analyses as if they were simply matters of personality ?
Or betrayals ? ” ) ; his control of the media ( “ I ’ve been the object myself of attacks from journalists well - paid by close relatives of the prime minister ” [ Berlusconi ’s brother Paolo owns the paper Il Giornale ] ) .
Perhaps the unkindest cut of all , he noted that many of the Freedom People ’s reforms benefit their Prime Minister more than anyone else : “ We need to reform our system of justice , but we do n’t need to give the impression that this serves to guarantee bigger loopholes of impunity .
And sometimes that impression exists … this is the message that ’s been given . ”
When Berlusconi , later taking the same podium , shouted in a fury , “ If you want to play politics , leave your office ! ” , Fini talked right back to him from the floor : “ Or you ’ll drive me out ? ”
It was the first open challenge that the Prime Minister has received in a long , long time , and it caught him unprepared .
To a certain extent , Fini was probably unprepared , too — at least for fireworks on the scale he precipitated .
It is unlikely that he wanted to break so definitely with Berlusconi at just this moment ; each still needs the other in order to win any national election .
Allies of convenience , they have almost always had a tempestuous relationship , and Fini has said before that the difference in their ages ( fifty - eight to Berlusconi ’s seventy - three ) means that he only needs to wait .
In the Auditorium of Accord , however , he decided to wait no longer , with consequences that no one can quite predict .
He gave the impression that what mattered , though , was no longer convenience , but principle .
The Freedom People party itself passed an immediate resolution supporting Berlusconi , with only a dozen delegates daring to back his challenger .
But the damage to the Prime Minister ’s prestige will be hard to repair .
Intimidation only works if it instills fear ; otherwise it looks like bluster .
Fini is fearless .
Since that April confrontation , Berlusconi has been unable to pull his coalition together , while Fini has shown increasing signs of political independence .
In early May , he formally launched a new movement called Generation Italy , that aims to involve younger people in national politics — in evident contrast to the Northern League ’s regional , separatist emphasis , and to the aging Berlusconi ’s cult of personality .
In the meantime , troubles seem to be gathering around Berlusconi like spring thunderclouds : his Minister of Economic Development , Claudio Scajola , has just resigned because of corruption charges ( typically , Berlusconi is covering this office himself until a successor can be chosen ) , and the scandal , which involves shady real estate deals , is spreading quickly to other parts of the government and perhaps the Vatican : the May 13 Corriere della Sera quotes Berlusconi as saying “ This is only the beginning ” as if he somehow intends to stand back from the mess .
The current European economic crisis leaves Italy increasingly vulnerable as well ; and the mighty are falling to the forces of nature .
Even the haughty Luca Cordero di Montezemolo , president of Ferrari , was forced by an airplane - grounding volcanic cloud to take a normal Italian train , which arrived — horror of horrors — an hour late .
There is an Italian interjection for this occasion too : “ Toh ! ” “ Take that ! ”
And you ’re lost in the jungles … deep forest where GPS does n’t work and you are stupid enough to leave your satellite phone at home !
Are n’t you glad that you packed the “ Rescue Balloon Kit ” in your backpack ?
The handy kit contains a helium gas cylinder and a long string balloon .
Fill it , seal and send it skywards .
When you ’re missing and rescue mission is on , hopefully this red tube will get spotted , hovering above the dense foliage .
Designer : Jaeseok Han
Pin Share Flip WhatsApp Pocket 68 Shares
The production crew was never able to make the cave holding the all - important , island - binding golden light look more impressive than a water ride at a cheap amusement park , and it was a major problem that the scenes of Desmond and Jack lugging stones around the sacred pool inspired giggles rather than awe .
Image Matthew Fox , left , Jorge Garcia and Evangeline Lilly in a scene from “ The End , ” the final episode of the ABC series “ Lost , ” which included in its last moments a revelation about Mr. Fox ’s character , Jack Shephard .
Credit ... Mario Perez / ABC
“ The End ” exemplified how pedestrian the action in “ Lost ” became over the years , a falloff that began even in Season 1 .
There was nothing to make you tense up in the scenes of Jack and Locke fighting on the cliff or of boulders rolling around as the island threatened to disintegrate .
( One exception : Kate telling Sawyer , “ I ’ll see you at the boat , ” and leaping off the cliff into the ocean .
But that ’s a hard scene to mess up . )
Now let ’s get back to the ending of “ The End , ” in which the big reveal was that Jack Shephard , to all appearances a divorced father and successful surgeon in the sideways universe , was in fact dead .
So were all the other Losties who had gathered in the church .
The scenario was cleverly constructed to remove the possibility that they had been dead all along ( a possibility I erroneously considered , and blogged about , before rewatching the scene ) , or that any of the events on the island or in the off - island lives of the Oceanic 6 had been other than real .
As explained by Jack ’s ( dead ) father , and amplified by an exchange between Hurley and Ben , life had continued after Jack died on the island , stabbed by the monster inhabiting Locke ’s body .
The survivors on the Ajira plane , including Kate , Claire and Sawyer , had presumably made it to safety ( Kate for the second time ) , while Hurley and Ben had remained as the island ’s new protectors .
Now , beyond some future expiration date , they had all died and gathered because , as Christian Shephard told Jack : “ This is the place that you all made together so that you could find one another .
The most important part of your life was the time that you spent with these people . ”
Professor Richard Timberlake , an Independent Institute research fellow and an economist who has written several books and dozens of journal articles about Federal Reserve monetary policies , sent us the following note today regarding my Lighthouse write - up of “ Central Banks as Sources of Financial Instability , ” George Selgin ‘s superb article in the Spring 2010 issue of The Independent Review .
Here , with Prof.
Timberlake ’s permission , is the note .
I have just read this issue of “ The Lighthouse , ” and have also read George Selgin ’s article about central bank instability in The Independent Review .
I feel obliged to point out that my book , Monetary Policy in the United States , ( Univ. of Chicago Press , 1993 ) treats the instability of central banking at length .
Chapter XVI , especially reviews and summarizes the development of central banking up to WW I , both in England in the United States .
I stress particularly that no central bank should be allowed any discretion .
Congress should give the Fed a MANDATE to maintain absolute stability in the price level , and , perforce , in the value of the money unit .
The precedent for this action is the policy initiated by Benjamin Strong , President of the NY Fed between 1922 and 1929 ( see my article in the TIR , Winter 2007 ) .
Fed bureaucrats could perhaps squirm around this Rule , but would have to follow it generally because it is so easily verified — just look at a CPI .
This rule would force them to abolish their “ bailouts , ” “ stimulus ” and “ too big to fail ” activities , and anything else that tended to involve them in real variables , such as “ employment ” or “ growth , ” about which they can do nothing .
The Stable Price Level Rule ( SPLR ) is the only way to harness a central bank .
If we could get rid of the Fed , say , by a law that freezes the Monetary Base , we could provide a free market monetary system , perhaps with a gold standard as an option .
( I cover this possibility in my book , too .
See the last Chapter , Ch. 27 , “ What the Fed Cannot Do ; What the Fed Can Do ; What the Fed Should Do . ” )
Given political realities , however , Congress can force a SPRL Rule on the Fed .
Alan Greenspan approved the idea while he was Chairman of the Fed Board , when it was initiated in Congress by Rep. Stephen Neal ( DEM . N.C. ) .
Several Fed Bank Presidents did , too .
So it is politically possible .
I hope you will put this note where it can be read .
I think it is important for a general understanding of the Fed , that someone treated these issues professionally .
Let me know if you would like more .
This call sheet popped in our inbox from a reader vacationing in Hawaii , who found it on the floor of Nobu restaurant last night .
Nobody at Deadspin watches the show .
So we summoned Gawker 's Lost expert to explain .
Go crazy , internet .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Leaving important things in bars / restaurants : it 's a hot new trend !
We called the number listed on the sheet and spoke to a woman named Kelly who would n't verify if the call sheet was real .
She said that they do produce fake call sheets to confuse people , because " We 're smart like that . "
So it could be fake .
But if it 's not , what does it tell us ??
Well , it mentions skeleton props .
Which , to us , means the Adam & Eve skeletons from wayyy back in season one .
Show captains Damon Lindelof and Carlton Cuse promised that they would answer that mystery for us , so perhaps we get it in the finale .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
There is also a lot of language about people being lowered on ropes into waterfalls or something .
The boys ( there are no girl characters listed on the sheet ) are off on some sort of rope - climbing adventure involving water and light .
Water and light that Jack is " consumed " by .
So make of that what you will .
Jack gets a nosebleed .
Like a time sickness nosebleed ?
MYSTERY .
Most importantly , what does it mean when it says " Jack in Hell " ??
That 's capital - H Hell .
That 's real Hell .
Are we going to Hell on Lost ?
We just might be .
Advertisement
One thing we do learn conclusively from this possibly fake artifact is that if you 're not on the call sheet , you really need to RSVP to the wrap party by midnight tonight .
Get on that guys and have fun .
While you 're doing that , we 'll be here , tearing our hair out over this magical mystery document .
H/T reader Patrick
Bacteria common to spacecraft may be able to survive the harsh environs of Mars long enough to inadvertently contaminate Mars with terrestrial life , according to research published in the April 2010 issue of the journal Applied and Environmental Microbiology .
The search for life on Mars remains a stated goal of NASA 's Mars Exploration Program and Astrobiology Institutes .
To preserve the pristine environments , the bioloads on spacecraft headed to Mars are subject to sterilization designed to prevent the contamination of the Martian surface .
Despite sterilization efforts made to reduce the bioload on spacecraft , recent studies have shown that diverse microbial communities remain at the time of launch .
The sterile nature of spacecraft assembly facilities ensures that only the most resilient species survive , including acinetobacter , bacillus , escherichia , staphylococcus and streptococcus .
Researchers from the University of Central Florida replicated Mars - like conditions by inducing desiccation , hypobaria , low temperatures , and UV irradiation .
During the week - long study they found that Escherichia coli a potential spacecraft contaminant , may likely survive but not grow on the surface of Mars if it were shielded from UV irradiation by thin layers of dust or UV - protected niches in spacecraft .
" If long - term microbial survival is possible on Mars , then past and future explorations of Mars may provide the microbial inoculum for seeding Mars with terrestrial life , " say the researchers .
" Thus , a diversity of microbial species should be studied to characterize their potential for long term survival on Mars . "
As you may know , all disasters -- natural or man-made -- are entirely the result of God 's poorly - aimed vengeance against some sin or sins that happened hundreds , if not thousands , of miles away .
For example , the passing of Barack Obama 's polarizing health care bill undoubtedly caused God to unleash some volcanic action on Iceland as if He were a bored eight year - old playing Sim City 2000 .
And that recent BP oil spill ?
That 's simply the result of an 80s Night that got a little too rowdy in a Flint , Michigan gay bar .
If you 're worried about how your sinful deeds may cause untold suffering to fall upon complete strangers , please consult the following chart ; it 's been approved by Orel Roberts University , Pensacola Christian College , and that bearded guy at the end of my block who spends most of his day screaming at trees .
DETROIT --
The Detroit Red Wings have some continuity and chemistry with their line combinations , and they ’re on a roll .
So there ’s no need to change anything for their playoff opener in Phoenix on Wednesday , Red Wings coach Mike Babcock said .
Babcock said he will stick with the same lineup for Game 1 , even though he has more options after several players were recalled Monday from the Grand Rapids Griffins .
“ Normally , what I ’ve done here in the past is when we got in ( clinched a playoff spot ) I changed all the lines just to make sure we ’re ready for things we got to do , ’’ Babcock said .
“ I have n’t done as much of that because we need to be on a roll .
But it ’s like anything , lines are there to be kept together if they ’re going good and there to be changed if they ’re not . ’’
Gritty forward Justin Abdelkader wo n’t play in Game 1 , but he eventually might wind up back in the fourth - line center spot .
Enforcer Brad May also was recalled from the Griffins and will practice with the team and compete for a spot in the lineup .
The top two lines ( Johan Franzen - Pavel Datsyuk - Tomas Holmstrom and Valtteri Filppula - Henrik Zetterberg - Todd Bertuzzi ) have been dominant in various games in recent weeks .
Dan Cleary ’s return from a pulled groin has provided an offensive spark to an already fast and gritty third line with Darren Helm and Patrick Eaves .
The fourth line , Drew Miller centering Kris Draper and Jason Williams , must play better , or it likely will undergo changes .
“ We do n’t have as much depth in scoring , that ’s why it ’s important that Cleary continues to play on the third line , and we need Miller and Eaves and Helm to continue to chip in , ’’ Babcock said .
“ If they can chip in , then we have enough ( offense ) . ’’
Defenseman Brian Rafalski said keeping the lines together the last few weeks “ has been important for us to get some cohesiveness . ’’
Bertuzzi agreed .
“ I think it ’s knowing where everyone is at , everyone understands where they got to be , ’’ Bertuzzi said .
“ It ’s made a difference as far as everyone being comfortable with each other . ’’
The club also recalled forwards Mattias Ritola and Jan Mursak , defensemen Doug Janik and Jakub Kindl and goaltender Daniel Larsson .
They are the “ Black Aces ’ ’ and will practice after the regular group is done .
Mursak will join the team after competing for Slovenia in the B Pool of the World Championships .
Rush Limbaugh thinks Rep. Alan Grayson ( D - Fla. ) is off his rocker .
On his broadcast today , Limbaugh said Grayson was " loony tunes , literally . "
Grayson is " an order of fries short of a happy meal .
I mean this guy is just a lunatic , " Limbaugh said .
UPDATE : Grayson shot back at Limbaugh tonight with the following statement : " If there is anyone who knows about Happy Meals , it ’s Rush Limbaugh .
He certainly has consumed a lot of them .
He likes them with an oxycontin chaser . "
Listen to the Limbaugh clip below :
Only after the great awakening will we realize that this is the great dream .
And yet fools think they are awake , presuming to know that they are rulers or herdsmen .
How dense !
莊子 Zhūangzi ( c. 369 BC – c. 286 BC ) , literally Master Zhuang , was a Chinese philosopher , who is supposed to have lived during the Warring States Period , corresponding to the Hundred Schools of Thought .
His name is also transliterated as Zhuang Zi , Zhuang Zhou , Chuang Tzu , Chuang Tse .
Chuang was his surname and Tse indicates master ; so he would be referred to as Master Chuang .
You will also see his name given as " Chuang Chou " or " Zhuang Zhu " , this was his proper name , first and last , not an alternate spelling of " Chuang Tzu " or " Zhuangzi " .
Now I do not know whether I was then a man dreaming I was a butterfly , or whether I am now a butterfly , dreaming I am a man .
Zhuangzi [ edit ]
Quotations sourced to the book known as Zhuangzi :
昔者庄周梦为蝴蝶，栩栩然蝴蝶也，自喻适志与，不知周也。俄然觉，则戚戚然周也。不知周之梦为蝴蝶与，蝴蝶之梦为周与？周与蝴蝶则必有分矣。此之谓物化。
昔者莊周夢為蝴蝶，栩栩然蝴蝶也，自喻適志與，不知周也。俄然覺，則戚戚然周也。不知周之夢為蝴蝶與，蝴蝶之夢為周與？週與蝴蝶則必有分矣。此之謂物化。 ( traditional )
Once upon a time , I , Chuang Chou , dreamt I was a butterfly , fluttering hither and thither , to all intents and purposes a butterfly .
I was conscious only of my happiness as a butterfly , unaware that I was Chou .
Soon I awaked , and there I was , veritably myself again .
Now I do not know whether I was then a man dreaming I was a butterfly , or whether I am now a butterfly , dreaming I am a man .
Between a man and a butterfly there is necessarily a distinction .
The transition is called the transformation of material things .
As translated by Lin Yutang Alternative translations
Once upon a time , I , Chuang Chou , dreamt I was a butterfly , fluttering hither and thither , a veritable butterfly , enjoying itself to the full of its bent , and not knowing it was Chuang Chou .
Suddenly I awoke , and came to myself , the veritable Chuang Chou .
Now I do not know whether it was then I dreamt I was a butterfly , or whether I am now a butterfly dreaming I am a man .
Between me and the butterfly there must be a difference .
This is an instance of transformation .
As translated by James Legge , and quoted in The Three Religions of China : Lectures Delivered at Oxford ( 1913 ) by William Edward Soothill , p. 75 Once Zhuang Zhou dreamed he was a butterfly , a fluttering butterfly .
What fun he had , doing as he pleased !
He did not know he was Zhou .
Suddenly he woke up and found himself to be Zhou .
He did not know whether Zhou had dreamed he was a butterfly or a butterfly had dreamed he was Zhou .
Between Zhou and the butterfly there must be some distinction .
This is what is meant by the transformation of things .
One night , Zhuangzi dreamed of being a butterfly — a happy butterfly , showing off and doing things as he pleased , unaware of being Zhuangzi .
Suddenly he awoke , drowsily , Zhuangzi again .
And he could not tell whether it was Zhuangzi who had dreamt the butterfly or the butterfly dreaming Zhuangzi .
But there must be some difference between them !
This is called ' the transformation of things ' .
Once upon a time , Chuang Chou dreamed that he was a butterfly , a butterfly flitting about happily enjoying himself .
He did n’t know that he was Chou .
Suddenly he awoke and was palpably Chou .
He did n’t know whether he were Chou who had dreamed of being a butterfly , or a butterfly who was dreaming that he was Chou .
After ten thousand generations there may be a great sage who will be able to explain it , a trivial interval equivalent to the passage from morning to night ...
How do I know that enjoying life is not a delusion ?
How do I know that in hating death we are not like people who got lost in early childhood and do not know the way home ?
Lady Li was the child of a border guard in Ai .
When first captured by the state of Jin , she wept so much her clothes were soaked .
But after she entered the palace , shared the king 's bed , and dined on the finest meats , she regretted her tears .
How do I know that the dead do not regret their previous longing for life ?
One who dreams of drinking wine may in the morning weep ; one who dreams weeping may in the morning go out to hunt .
During our dreams we do not know we are dreaming .
We may even dream of interpreting a dream .
Only on waking do we know it was a dream .
Only after the great awakening will we realize that this is the great dream .
And yet fools think they are awake , presuming to know that they are rulers or herdsmen .
How dense !
You and Confucius are both dreaming , and I who say you are a dream am also a dream .
Such is my tale .
It will probably be called preposterous , but after ten thousand generations there may be a great sage who will be able to explain it , a trivial interval equivalent to the passage from morning to night .
Lady Li was the child of a border guard in Ai .
When first captured by the state of Jin , she wept so much her clothes were soaked .
But after she entered the palace , shared the king 's bed , and dined on the finest meats , she regretted her tears .
One who dreams of drinking wine may in the morning weep ; one who dreams weeping may in the morning go out to hunt .
And yet fools think they are awake , presuming to know that they are rulers or herdsmen .
How dense !
'" To the most trivial actions , attach the devotion and mindfulness of a hundred monks .
To matters of life and death , attach a sense of humor . " '
Right is not right ; so is not so .
If right were really right it would differ so clearly from not right that there would be no need for argument .
If so were really so , it would differ so clearly from not so that there would be no need for argument .
" Discussion on Making All Things Equal " ; Variant :
If right were really right , it would be so different from not - right that there would be no room for argument .
If so were really so , then it would be so different from not - so that there would be no room for argument .
Forget the years , forget distinctions .
Leap into the boundless and make it your home !
" Discussion on Making All Things Equal " .
知止乎其所不能知，至矣。若有不即是者，天鈞敗之。
To let understanding stop at what cannot be understood is a high attainment .
Those who cannot do it will be destroyed on the lathe of heaven .
Book XXIII , ¶ 7 , as rendered in the epigraph to Ch. 3 of The Lathe of Heaven ( 1971 ) by Ursula K. Le Guin , based upon the 1891 translation by James Legge , Le Guin was subsequently informed that this was a very poor translation , as there were no lathes in China in the time of Zhuangzi .
The full passage as translated by Legge reads :
He whose mind is thus grandly fixed emits a Heavenly light .
In him who emits this heavenly light men see the ( True ) man .
When a man has cultivated himself ( up to this point ) , thenceforth he remains constant in himself .
When he is thus constant in himself , ( what is merely ) the human element will leave him , but Heaven will help him .
Those whom their human element has left we call the people of Heaven .
Those whom Heaven helps we call the Sons of Heaven .
Those who would by learning attain to this seek for what they cannot learn .
Those who would by effort attain to this , attempt what effort can never effect .
Those who aim by reasoning to reach it reason where reasoning has no place .
To know to stop where they cannot arrive by means of knowledge is the highest attainment .
Those who cannot do this will be destroyed on the lathe of Heaven .
荃者所以在魚，得魚而忘荃；蹄者所以在兔，得兔而忘蹄；言者所以在意，得意而忘言。吾安得忘言之人而與之言哉！
A trap is for fish : when you 've got the fish , you can forget the trap .
A snare is for rabbits : when you 've got the rabbit , you can forget the snare .
Words are for meaning : when you 've got the meaning , you can forget the words .
Where can I find someone who 's forgotten words so I can have a word with him ?...
Variant : " Where can I find a man who has forgotten words ?
He is the one I would like to talk to . "
From 莊子 /外物 ( External Things ) .
A frog in a well cannot conceive of the ocean .
Of a person who has limited life experience and hence world view ; see 井底之蛙 .
From 莊子 /秋水 .
The wise man looks into space and does not regard the small as too little , nor the great as too big , for he knows that , there is no limit to dimensions .
From 莊子 /秋水 .
Whether you point to a little stalk or a great pillar , a leper or the beautiful Hsi-shih , things ribald and shady or things grotesque and strange , the Way makes them all into one .
Their dividedness is their completeness ; their completeness is their impairment .
No thing is either complete or impaired , but all are made into one again .
Only the man of far - reaching vision knows how to make them into one .
So he has no use [ for categories ] , but relegates all to the constant .
The constant is the useful ; the useful is the passable ; the passable is the successful ; and with success , all is accomplished .
He relies upon this alone , relies upon it and does not know he is doing so .
This is called the Way .
Ch. 2 ( tr. Burton Watson , 1964 , p. 41 )
Their dividedness is their completeness ; their completeness is their impairment .
No thing is either complete or impaired , but all are made into one again .
Only the man of far - reaching vision knows how to make them into one .
So he has no use [ for categories ] , but relegates all to the constant .
The constant is the useful ; the useful is the passable ; the passable is the successful ; and with success , all is accomplished .
He relies upon this alone , relies upon it and does not know he is doing so .
This is called the Way .
Those in positions of power spend day and night plotting and pondering about what to do .
The body is treated in a very careless way .
People live their lives , constantly surrounded by anxiety .
If they live long before dying , they end up in senility , worn out by concerns : a terrible fate .
Ch. 18 ( Martin Palmer / Elizabeth Breuily , Penguin Publishing 1996 )
Perfect happiness is keeping yourself alive , and only actionless action can have this affect .
Ch. 18 ( Martin Palmer / Elizabeth Breuily , Penguin Publishing 1996 )
Chuang
Tzu's wife died and Hui Tzu came to console him , but Chuang Tzu was sitting , legs akimbo , bashing a battered tub and singing .
Hui
Tzu said , ' You lived as man and wife , she reared your children .
At her death surely the least you should be doing is to be on the verge of weeping , rather than banging the tub and singing : this is not right !'
Chuang
Tzu said , ' Certainly not .
When she first died , I certainly mourned just like everyone else !
However , I then thought back to her birth and to the very roots of her being , before she was born .
Indeed , not just before she was born but before the time when her body was created .
Not just before her body was created but before the origin of life 's breath .
Her life 's breath wrought a transformation and she had a body .
Her body wrought a transformation and she was born .
Now there is yet another transformation and she is dead .
She is like the four seasons in the way that spring , summer , autumn and winter follow each other .
She is now at peace , lying in her chamber , but if I were to sob and cry it would certainly appear that I could not comprehend the ways of destiny .
This is why I stopped .
' Ch. 18 ( Martin Palmer / Elizabeth Breuily , Penguin Publishing 1996 )
'
Quotes about Zhuangzi [ edit ]
Chuangtse said that he once dreamed of being a butterfly , and while he was in the dream , he felt he could flutter his wings and everything was real , but that on waking up , he realized that he was Chuangtse and Chuangtse was real .
Then he thought and wondered which was really real , whether he was really Chuangtse dreaming of being a butterfly , or really a butterfly dreaming of being Chuangtse .
Life , then , is really a dream , and we human beings are like travelers floating down the eternal river of time , embarking at a certain point and disembarking again at another point in order to make room for others waiting below the river to come aboard .
Half of the poetry of life would be gone , if we did not feel that life was either a dream , or a voyage with transient travelers , or merely a stage in which the actors seldom realized that they were playing their parts .
Lin Yutang , The Importance Of Living ( 1937 ) , Ch. 3 , III .
' On Being Mortal ' , p. 41
Half of the poetry of life would be gone , if we did not feel that life was either a dream , or a voyage with transient travelers , or merely a stage in which the actors seldom realized that they were playing their parts .
I saw a man 's bones lying in the squelchy earth ,
Black rime - frost over him ; and I in sorrow spoke
And asked him , saying , " Dead man , how was it ?
Fled you with your friend from famine and for the last grains
Gambled and lost ?
Was this earth your tomb ,
Or did floods carry you from afar ?
Were you mighty , were you wise ,
Were you foolish and poor ?
A warrior , or a girl ? "
Then a wonder came ; for out of the silence a voice —
Thin echo only , in no substance was the Spirit seen —
Mysteriously answered , saying , " I was a man of Sung ,
Of the clan of Chuang !
Chou was my name .
Beyond the climes of common thought
My reason soared , yet could I not save myself ;
For at the last , when the long charter of my years was told ,
I too , for all my magic , by age was brought
To the Black Hill of Death .
Wherefore , O Master , do you question me ? "
Then I answered :
" Let me plead for you upon the Five Hill - tops ,
Let me pray for you to the Gods of Heaven and the Gods of Earth ,
That your white bones may arise ,
And your limbs be joined anew .
... Would you not have it so ? "
The dead man answered me :
" O Friend , how strange and unacceptable your words !
In death I rest and am at peace ; in life I toiled and strove .
Is the hardness of the winter stream
Better than the melting of spring ?
All pride that the body knew
Was it not lighter than dust ?
What Ch'ao and Hsu despised ,
What Po-ch'eng fled ,
Shall I desire , whom death
Already has hidden in the Eternal Way —
Where Li Chu can not see me
Nor Tzu
Yeh hear me ,
Where neither Yao nor Shun can praise me
Nor the tyrants Chieh and Hsin condemn me ,
Nor wolf nor tiger harm me ,
Lance prick me nor sword wound me ?
Of the Primal Spirit is my substance ; I am a wave
In the river of Darkness and Light .
The Maker of All Things is my Father and Mother ,
Heaven is my bed and earth my cushion ,
The thunder and lightning are my drum and fan ,
The sun and moon my candle and my torch ,
The Milky Way my moat , the stars my jewels .
With Nature am I conjoined ;
I have no passion , no desire ,
Wash me and I shall be no whiter ,
Foul me and I shall yet be clean .
I come not , yet am here ;
Hasten not , yet am swift . "
The voice stopped , there was silence .
A ghostly light
Faded and expired .
I gazed upon the dead , stared in sorrow and compassion .
Then I called upon my servant that was with me
To tie his silken scarf about those bones
And wrap them in a cloak of sombre dust ;
While I , as offering to the soul of this dead man ,
Poured my hot tears upon the margin of the road .
Zhang Heng , " The Bones of Chuang Tzu " , as translated by Arthur Waley ; in Poems from the Chinese ( 1920 ) , pp. 12–14
Black rime - frost over him ; and I in sorrow spoke
And asked him , saying , " Dead man , how was it ?
Fled you with your friend from famine and for the last grains Gambled and lost ?
Was this earth your tomb , Or did floods carry you from afar ?
Were you mighty , were you wise , Were you foolish and poor ?
A warrior , or a girl ? "
Then a wonder came ; for out of the silence a voice —
Thin echo only , in no substance was the Spirit seen —
Mysteriously answered , saying , " I was a man of Sung , Of the clan of Chuang !
Chou was my name .
Beyond the climes of common thought
My reason soared , yet could I not save myself ;
For at the last , when the long charter of my years was told , I too , for all my magic , by age was brought To the Black Hill of Death .
Wherefore , O Master , do you question me ? "
Then I answered : " Let me plead for you upon the Five Hill - tops , Let me pray for you to the Gods of Heaven and the Gods of Earth , That your white bones may arise , And your limbs be joined anew .
... Would you not have it so ? "
The dead man answered me : " O Friend , how strange and unacceptable your words !
In death I rest and am at peace ; in life I toiled and strove .
Is the hardness of the winter stream Better than the melting of spring ?
All pride that the body knew Was it not lighter than dust ?
What Ch'ao and Hsu despised , What Po-ch'eng fled , Shall I desire , whom death Already has hidden in the Eternal Way —
Where Li Chu cannot see me Nor Tzu Yeh hear me , Where neither Yao nor Shun can praise me Nor the tyrants Chieh and Hsin condemn me , Nor wolf nor tiger harm me , Lance prick me nor sword wound me ?
Of the Primal Spirit is my substance ; I am a wave In the river of Darkness and Light .
The Maker of All Things is my Father and Mother , Heaven is my bed and earth my cushion , The thunder and lightning are my drum and fan ,
The sun and moon my candle and my torch , The Milky Way my moat , the stars my jewels .
With Nature am I conjoined ; I have no passion , no desire , Wash me and I shall be no whiter , Foul me and I shall yet be clean .
I come not , yet am here ; Hasten not , yet am swift . "
The voice stopped , there was silence .
A ghostly light Faded and expired .
I gazed upon the dead , stared in sorrow and compassion .
Then I called upon my servant that was with me
To tie his silken scarf about those bones
And wrap them in a cloak of sombre dust ;
While I , as offering to the soul of this dead man , Poured my hot tears upon the margin of the road .
See also [ edit ]
IBM has announced the launch of a new Atom - based netbook from Simmtronics that will ship with Lotus collaboration software and the Ubuntu Netbook Remix .
The device , which is largely aimed at small businesses in emerging markets , will sell for $ 190 .
It is currently available in South Africa and will be expanding to other regions in the future .
In an effort to erode Microsoft 's dominance on the enterprise desktop , IBM began partnering with Linux distributors to offer integrated Lotus packages in 2008 .
Canonical , the company behind Ubuntu , has gradually become IBM 's primary Linux partner on the desktop .
Following the launch of Windows 7 last year , IBM touted the Ubuntu and Lotus combo as an alternative , claiming that companies could save money by adopting it instead of upgrading to the latest version of Microsoft 's operating system .
The Ubuntu Netbook Remix has been gaining traction among hardware vendors including OEMs like Dell and ODMs like Pegatron .
Simmtronics is the latest hardware company to adopt Canonical 's Linux platform .
" Canonical has a great program for engaging with hardware manufacturers for getting Ubuntu certified and delivered across various platforms and we 're happy to welcome Simmtronics to the program , " said Ubuntu founder Mark Shuttleworth in a statement .
" It 's exciting to see how computing is changing the lives of people in Africa and the new Simmbook provides a real testament of how important it is to get low - cost computing into Africa 's economy . "
Shuttleworth , who is from South Africa , is a vocal advocate of open source software and its potential to help close the digital divide .
In a video published on IBM 's website , he discusses how lower - cost computing can help Africa realize its potential .
i Phone OS 3.2 on iPad Stops Renewing DHCP Lease , Keeps Using IP Address
This document provides details of a DHCP bug exhibited by iPhone OS 3.2 on the Apple iPad® ( first generation ) .
It provides information for individuals who would like detailed technical information about the issue .
The bug can cause the device to disrupt service to other devices on the network .
The bug is not related to the Wi-Fi issues ( e.g. , lost Wi - Fi connections , low signal strength ) some had experienced with this platform .
Princeton University reported the bug to Apple , and worked with Apple to resolve the issue .
Apple fixed this bug as of iOS 3.2.1 on the Apple iPad® ( first generation ) .
( Note that Apple 's fix introduced a new bug , described in iOS 3.2.1 - 4.0.2 Requests a DHCP Lease Too Often . )
Contents
What is DHCP ?
DHCPv4 , the Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol for IP v4 , allows a device attached to the network to automatically learn some or all of its network configuration , including its IPv4 ( Internet ) address .
Most operating systems include DHCP client software .
A device that uses DHCP v4 runs DHCP client software on a network ( e.g. , Ethernet or Wireless ) interface .
The DHCP client software contacts DHCP servers to obtain network configuration ; in particular , it usually obtains a lease ( a loan ) of an IP address .
For example , the DHCP client tells the DHCP server " I am network interface 0:1:2:3: 4:5 ; please lease an IP address to me . "
The DHCP server might respond " You may use IP address 192.168.1.2 for the next six hours ; if you would like to continue using that address , please renew it when three hours have elapsed . "
When three hours have elapsed , the DHCP client contacts the DHCP server which granted the lease ; the client asks that server to renew the lease Typically the DHCP server responds to the client : " You may use IP address 192.168.1.2 for the next six hours ; if you would like to continue using that address , please renew it again when three hours have elapsed . "
( If the DHCP client is unable to contact the DHCP server to the renew its unexpired lease , it will retry from time to time , and is permitted to continue using the IP address until the lease is due to expire . )
Assuming the DHCP client successfully renews the lease before it expires , this repeats periodically until the device goes offline .
Once the device is offline , it no longer contacts the DHCP server to renew the lease , so eventually the last lease renewal expires .
Once the last lease renewal has expired , the DHCP server is free to lease the IP address to another client .
If the device goes offline , when it later comes back online it broadcasts a DHCP request for a new lease .
It may choose to request a brand - new lease , or ( if it believes the old lease has not yet expired ) may request a new lease on the old IP address .
What is the Issue ?
Under certain circumstances , iPhone OS 3.2 on the iPad ( first generation ) stops renewing its DHCP lease , yet continues using the IP address after the lease expires .
Although the owner of the iPad may not realize there is a problem , this interferes with service to others on the network .
Circumstances Leading to the Issue
The device exhibits this issue when the following requirements are met simultaneously :
The device is not attached to a power source ( e.g. power adapter or computer ) .
The device goes to sleep prior to DHCP lease renewal time , and remains asleep until the lease has expired .
The device chooses to remain attached to a Wi -Fi network while the device is asleep .
While the device is asleep and it is not attached to a power source , the device apparently chooses to remain attached to a Wi -Fi network in several situations :
The device is configured to fetch mail , contacts , and calendars via " Push " , and is configured with an account that actually supports " Push " technology ( for example , Microsoft Exchange ActiveSync® ) .
The device is configured to have " Notifications " ( Apple Push Notification Service ) turned on .
We are unsure if there are other situations ( perhaps involving the use of applications not among those pre-installed with iPhone OS 3.2 ) that could cause the device to choose to remain attached to a Wi -Fi network while the device is asleep .
Outside the situations above , the device apparently chooses to disconnect from the Wi-Fi network when the device is asleep and it is not attached to a power source .
( It may reconnect to Wi-Fi periodically if configured to fetch mail , contacts , and calendars via a periodic schedule , but it will disconnect once done fetching , rather than remain connected . )
Since the device does n't remain attached via Wi -Fi while it is asleep and it has no power source , it does n't exibit the DHCP issue .
Nothing happens to cause the device to lose its connection ( even momentarily ) to the Wi-Fi network from the time that the device goes to sleep until the time that the DHCP lease expires .
Roaming directly from one wireless access point to another that is part of the same extended service set ( a true 802.11 re-association ) apparently does n't count as " losing " the connection .
DHCP Behavior
Once the device goes to sleep , the device stops renewing the DHCP lease .
The lease eventually expires , but the device continues to use the IP address from the expired lease .
Several events can still forestall the problem :
If the device is awoken before the lease expires , the device will request a new DHCP lease ( it enters the DHCP INIT - REBOOT state ) .
If the device disconnects from the Wi-Fi network ( it disassociates from the wireless access point ) before the lease expires , this avoids the problem .
When the device reconnects to the Wi-Fi network ( even if it was disconnected only momentarily ) the device will request a new DHCP lease ( it enters the DHCP INIT - REBOOT state ) .
Once the lease has expired , waking the device does not resolve the problem .
Once the device is awake , the iPad does not attempt to use DHCP to obtain a new lease .
It continues to use the IP address from the lease that has expired .
At that point , further sleeping and waking the device does not help .
Once the device has reached this point , we have found that any one of the following actions will get the device out of this state :
Power off the iPad ( this is not the same as putting the device to sleep ) .
When you next power on the iPad , it will ask for a new lease .
Use the iPad 's Settings application to turn off its wireless interface .
When you next turn on the iPad 's wireless interface ( even if it 's only a few seconds later ) , it will ask for a new lease .
Cause the iPad to lose its connection to the 802.11 wireless network may also work .
( That is , cause the iPad to experience an 802.11 de-authenticate or disassociate event .
We 've tested it by forcing the wireless access point to de-authenticate the iPad .
Moving the iPad beyond the coverage area of its current wireless access point might also do the job . )
When the iPad next associates to the wireless network , it may ask for a new DHCP lease .
We 've verified this works in some cases , but have not yet been able to test enough cases .
Why is this DHCP Behavior a Problem ?
When a device continues to use an IP address from an expired DHCP lease after that lease expires , this can interfere with service to other devices .
Once the malfunctioning device has allowed its DHCP lease to expire , the DHCP server may lease the same IP address to another client .
If two devices on the same IP network try to use the same IP address at the same time , one or both can experience difficulties using IP .
The DHCP servers try to reduce the impact of these malfunctioning clients .
Before offering a client a new lease for a dynamically - assigned IP address , the servers perform a quick PING test to determine whether the IP address is unexpectedly in use .
( For example , is some device " stealing " the IP address ? )
This quick test helps , but does not entirely work around the problem caused by the malfunctioning clients .
( For example , sometimes the malfunctioning device may not respond to PING at the time the DHCP server checks before leasing the IP address to another client .
And with some DHCP server implementations , the DHCP server may have limited time to perform the test , as other clients are waiting for responses from the DHCP server . )
Inaccurate Media Reports
Some media reports concluded that Princeton discovered or diagnosed a Wi-Fi issue with the iPad , sometimes reporting that the issue Princeton has seen is the cause of iPad Wi-Fi signal / connectivity issues others had described .
This conclusion is inaccurate ; the particular behavior we encountered with iPhone OS 3.2 on the iPad is a DHCP client issue .
This DHCP client issue is unrelated to any Wi-Fi signal / connectivity issue with iPhone OS 3.2 or the iPad .
Some have reported that Princeton has security or bandwidth concerns about the iPad .
This is not accurate .
This issue we identified is strictly a DHCP client issue in iPhone OS 3.2 on the iPad ( first generation ) .
Is This the Same Issue Princeton Saw with Later Versions of iOS ?
When this bug was fixed in iOS 3.2.1 , at the same time a new issue was introduced : iOS 3.2.1 - 4.0.2 Requests a DHCP Lease Too Often .
Both issues appear to be triggered by similar circumstances .
Probably the issue that debuted in iOS 3.2.1 was caused by the changes made in iOS to fix the bug that was present in iOS 3.2 .
Take note that the two issues are not identical .
In iPhone OS 3.2 , the device stops performing DHCP yet continues using the DHCP - assigned IP address after the DHCP lease expired .
In iOS 3.2.1 - 4.0.2 , the device performs DHCP unecessarily often .
The effect on network service is quite different .
When the iOS 3.2.1 - 4.0.2 Requests a DHCP Lease Too Often issue was in turn fixed in iOS 4.1 , at the same time a new issue was introduced : iOS 4.1 - 6.1 Allows DHCP Lease to Expire , Keeps Using IP Address .
That issue too appears triggered by similar circumstances .
Probably the issue that debuted in iOS 4.1 was caused by the changes made in iOS to address the issue that was present in iOS 3.2.1 - 4.0.2 .
Again , the issues are not identical , and the effect on network service is quite different .
How Has Princeton Handled This Issue ?
i Phone OS 3.2 debuted on the Apple iPad® ( first generation ) on April 3 2010 .
On April 4 , we observed our first DHCP client malfunction from an iPad on the Princeton network .
Over the next few days , additional iPads malfunctioned in the same way .
Beginning April 4 2010 ( before we had seen enough malfunctions to establish a pattern ) , when an individual iPad malfunctioned , we would contact the owner to advise him or her of the problem .
When the same iPad malfunctioned a second time , we would block that device from using our network , and contact the owner again .
Our approach was the same as for any other particular device that malfunctions in such a way as to disrupt service :
When an individual customer 's device malfunctions this way repeatedly , Princeton blocks that particular customer 's device from using those campus network services which rely on the device 's DHCP client respecting lease times .
These include our wireless services .
We do this to protect other customers of those services from the disruptions caused by the malfunctioning devices .
Within a few days of the iPad 's arrival , we had seen enough incidents from those iPads already on campus to conclude that there was a problem .
At that time we knew that the devices were continuing to use their IP addresses after allowing the DHCP leases to expire .
We did not yet know the circumstances that led the devices to behave in this way .
Roughly half the iPads atached to our network had malfunctioned in the same way .
Because the problems were so common and began as soon as iPhone OS 3.2 and the Apple iPad were released , we felt it unlikely that the problem was due to customer misconfiguration .
Given the symptoms we have seen , we believe that it is due to a bug in iPhone OS 3.2 on iPad .
We collected technical data and reported the bug to Apple on April 7 2010 .
On April 8 2010 , Princeton posted an alert advising campus iPad owners of the issue .
The alert said : Until a fix is provided by Apple , OIT recommends not connecting your iPad device to the campus network as it is extremely likely it will malfunction .
iPad devices that malfunction in this manner while connected to the campus network may need to be blocked to maintain the stability and reliability of campus network services .
That alert remained in place through April 19 2010 .
We continued collecting information , and providing detailed technical data to Apple .
We attempted to identify a temporary workaround for our customers to use until a fix became available .
On April 13 2010 , we published the first version of this document , describing the issue we were seeing .
We have continued to update the document since then .
On April 15 2010 , we determined how to reproduce the problem , and added that information to this document .
On April 19 2010 , we published the first version of our Workaround for " iPhone OS 3.2 on iPad Stops Renewing DHCP Lease , Keeps Using IP Address " Issue .
We viewed it as a temporary workaround , until a fix is available from Apple .
On April 19 2010 , Princeton revised its posted alert to reflect the availability of that workaround .
The updated alert no longer recommended that iPad owners keep their devices disconnected from the campus network ; instead it said : Until a fix is provided by Apple , OIT recommends that iPad owners use the Workaround for " iPhone OS 3.2 on iPad Stops Renewing DHCP Lease , Keeps Using IP Address " Issue .
That temporary workaround appears to prevent the iPad from malfunctioning in this manner .
iPad devices that continue to malfunction while connected to the campus network may need to be blocked to maintain the stability and reliability of campus network services .
So during the period April 8 - 19 2010 , Princeton recommended that iPad owners not connect their iPads to the campus network .
When a customer did connect his or her iPad , s/he would find that once that device malfunctioned twice , we blocked the device from further use of the network , to stop it from disrupting service further .
Since April 19 ( once we had a workaround ) , when an individual iPad malfunctions , we contact the owner to advise him or her of the problem and refer the owner to the workaround .
If the same iPad malfunctions a second time , we block that device and contact the owner again .
If an iPad owner is able to operate the device in such a way that it does not malfunction ( for example , by using a workaround we published ) , we do not block the device .
Only those iPads which actually malfunction in such a way as to disrupt service are blocked .
On June 14 2010 , we updated this document to add additional information about the circumstances leading to the malfunction .
We had already documented that the iPad exhibits the problem when it chooses to remain attached to Wi -Fi while it is asleep and the iPad is not attached to a power source .
Additional information is that one reason the iPad will choose to remain attached to Wi - Fi ( while it is asleep and it is not attached to a power source ) is the use of " Push " to retrieve email if the iPad has been configured with an email account that supports Push ( e.g. , Microsoft Exchange ActiveSync® ) technology .
A second reason the iPad will behave this way is leaving " Notifications " ( Apple Push Notification Service ) turned on after an application that uses Apple Push Notification Service is installed .
Taking advantage of that additional information , on June 14 2010 we published the second version of our Workaround for " iPhone OS 3.2 on iPad Stops Renewing DHCP Lease , Keeps Using IP Address " Issue .
While the first version of the workaround was effective , this new version was more convenient .
We continued to view it as a temporary workaround , until a fix was available from Apple .
On July 15 2010 , Apple released iOS 3.2.1 ( build 7B405 ) for iPad ( first generation ) .
We verified that iOS 3.2.1 does not exhibit this bug .
Through July 15 2010 , 102 of the 160 iPads seen on our campus network had exhibited this bug ; some had done so repeatedly .
A total of 81 of these iPads were blocked from using the network due to this malfunction ; some have since been unblocked , for example , after the customer adopted the workaround we have published , or upgraded to a version of the code that fixes this bug .
Changes were made to Princeton 's wireless network architecture beginning in September 2012 to accomodate the growing demand for wireless service .
These changes included migrating from using globally - routable IP v4 addresses behind normal IP v4 routers to using private IP v4 addresses behind NAT routers , to accomodate a demand for more IP v4 addresses .
And these changes included migrating from DHCP servers instrumented to detect malfunctioning clients to commodity DHCP servers , to accomodate growth in DHCP transacation rates from wireless clients .
Side effects of those changes prevent us from detecting wireless clients exhibiting this issue .
As we can no longer detect those malfunctioning clients , we no longer block these clients and contact the owner .
As a result , those malfunctioning clients may disrupt service to other wireless clients and degrade overall wireless network service on an ongoing basis .
Did We Ban the iPad at Princeton ?
Many media reports reported that Princeton " banned " use of the iPad on our campus network .
That 's not entirely accurate .
As we describe elsewhere in this document , during April 4 - 7 2010 ( prior to establishing a pattern of malfunctions with the device ) , we contacted the owner of each device that malfunctioned to advise him or her of the problem .
When the same device malfunctioned a second time , we would block that device from using our network and contact the owner again .
Once we had established the pattern of malfunctions , and came to believe that it was a bug in iPhone OS 3.2 on iPad , we updated our handling .
On April 8 2010 , Princeton posted an alert advising campus iPad owners of the issue .
The alert said : Until a fix is provided by Apple , OIT recommends not connecting your iPad device to the campus network as it is extremely likely it will malfunction .
iPad devices that malfunction in this manner while connected to the campus network may need to be blocked to maintain the stability and reliability of campus network services .
That alert remained in place through April 19 2010 .
On April 19 2010 , we published the first version of our Workaround for " iPhone OS 3.2 on iPad Stops Renewing DHCP Lease , Keeps Using IP Address " Issue .
We viewed it as a temporary workaround , until a fix is available from Apple .
On April 19 2010 , Princeton revised its posted alert to reflect the availability of that workaround .
The updated alert no longer recommended that iPad owners keep their devices disconnected from the campus network ; instead it said : Until a fix is provided by Apple , OIT recommends that iPad owners use the Workaround for " iPhone OS 3.2 on iPad Stops Renewing DHCP Lease , Keeps Using IP Address " Issue .
That temporary workaround appears to prevent the iPad from malfunctioning in this manner .
iPad devices that continue to malfunction while connected to the campus network may need to be blocked to maintain the stability and reliability of campus network services .
So during the period April 8 - 19 2010 , Princeton recommended that iPad owners not connect their iPads to the campus network .
When a customer did connect his or her iPad , s/he would find that once that device malfunctioned twice , we blocked the device from further use of the network , to stop it from disrupting service further .
We understand why some would report that we had " banned " the iPad from our network .
But as the information above explains , the reality was somewhat different .
Some iPads ( first generation ) continue to exhibit this issue because they are still running iPhone OS 3.2 .
When an individual device exibits this issue , we contacted the customer to advise him or her of the problem and refer the customer to the iOS upgrade .
( Before an iOS upgrade was available to address the issue , we referred customers to our temporary workaround . )
If the same device continued to exibit the issue ( the customer has not upgraded the firmware nor adopted the temporary workaround until upgrading the firmware ) , we blocked that device from our network and contacted the customer again .
We removed the block once the customer addressed the issue .
As described above , architectural changes made to our wireless networks beginning in September 2012 to accomodate growth now prevent us from detecting clients exhibiting this malfunction .
As a result , we no longer contact the owner of these devices or block them .
Instead , these malfunctioning devices continue to disrupt and degade network service for others .
Beginning in September 2012 wireless clients blocked from network service because they were exhibiting this issue will be unblocked upon request from the customer .
This is because ( as described above ) we no longer are able to detect wireless clients exhibiting this issue .
Once unblocked , if the device continues / resumes malfunctioning in this way , it may disrupt service to other wireless clients and degrade overall wireless network service on an ongoing basis .
If it does so , we will no longer be able to determine the cause of the problem or address it .
Why Didn't Other Sites Report This Particular Issue ?
When we first described the problem , some asked why only Princeton was seeing a problem .
Understandably , some suggested that because other sites were not reporting it at the time , the problem must have been due to a problem with Princeton 's network .
Princeton detected this issue because at the time , we took a very pro-active stance to monitor for certain kinds of common network problems , including this one .
At that time , our network monitoring included comparing actual IP address usage to DHCP server lease assignments on a daily basis .
Specifically , we compared our IP router ARP cache data to our DHCP server logs .
We were able to do so because we were using DHCP servers instrumented to provide us with the necessary information , and non-NAT'd IP networks in which we were able to reliably gather IP ARP data from the IP router .
This allowed us to detect some devices using IP addresses not assigned for their use .
This was a degree of monitoring that many sites did not perform .
Many sites place client devices -- especially wireless clients -- behind NATs .
And many sites operate a DHCP service that is not instrumented in a way to assist in such monitoring .
Without such closely monitored ARP data and DHCP server data , detecting this kind of problem is difficult or impractical .
We also monitored our DHCP servers very closely for any problems they detected , including when they saw DHCP - leased IP addresses in -use when they should not be , or when a client tried to SELECT an offer that was not made to it , or when a client tried to renew or rebind an IP address after the client 's lease on that IP address has already expired .
We had instrumented our DHCP server software to make it ( somewhat ) easier to see such events .
Our monitoring also reported DHCP clients which were the source of excessive transactions ; occasionally these were victims of malfunctioning iPhone OS devices " stealing " IP addresses .
As a result of the close monitoring we performed to detect DHCP issues , Princeton tended to learn about some kinds of bugs in DHCP client implementations sooner and more often than many other sites .
A more common approach is to ignore the kinds of problems caused by devices using IP addresses not leased to them , allowing such malfunctioning devices to cause sporadic mysterious network problems for customers as their IP addresses are " stolen " .
Sites that use that approach may take action only when a victim of a malfunctioning device chooses to complain .
Most victims probably do n't complain because these kinds of problems appear random and short - lived to each victim , and often go away when they " try again . "
We felt that the stance we took ultimately benefited our customers , as it resulted in more reliable network service to the customers .
It reduced the frequency that our customers experience network disruptions due to others ' malfunctioning devices .
As a side note , this pro-active stance also resulted in our discovering DHCP client issues a number of times over the years for a variety of common platforms .
Typically we provided technical details of these issues to the DHCP client vendors , which helped the vendors to fix bugs and improve DHCP client behavior , as Apple did for this bug .
Although identifying issues in vendors ' DHCP client software was not our goal -- our mission was and remains to provide excellent network service to Princeton University customers -- it does speak to the technical accuracy of the bugs we discovered .
Sites that are able to monitor for these problems closely are less likely to encounter the issue if they assign DHCP leases with long expiration times .
Princeton 's wireless services relied on DHCP leases in the 1 - 3 hour range .
( Shorter leases allowed us to recover unused IP addresses rapidly , in turn permitting us to assign globally - routable IP addresses to clients without requiring Princeton to impose a NAT between wireless clients and the Internet . )
Expiration times so long that the client device is likely to be awoken ( or relocated in such a way that its Wi - Fi connection drops ) before the lease expires will reduce the frequency of the problem .
Working around the problem entirely probably would require the use of lease times that exceed the longest time an iOS device could remain asleep before its battery is drained .
Sites which operate network infrastructure that modifies the behavior of ARP traffic may also have difficulty detecting these problems .
For example , some enterprise Wi-Fi infrastructures rewrite ARP request broadcast frames to becomes unicast frames destined to the device the infrastructure " believes " should be the owner of the requested IP address .
Or the infrastructure may drop ARP request broadcast frames and instead reply to these requests on behalf of the device the infrastructure " believes " should be the owner of the requested IP address .
Such interference with ARP traffic can make it difficult or impossible for network operators to detect this iOS bug .
Depending on the way such infrastructures decide which device " should " be the legitimate owner of a requested IP address , these ARP changes may not reliably work around the damage ( stolen IP addresses ) caused by the iOS bug .
That is , such modifications to the behavior of ARP may not hide the damage this iOS bug causes , but may prevent network operators from discovering that the damage is happening and that it 's due to this iOS bug .
Some have claimed that because we only detected this malfunction from half of the iPads at Princeton , the fault must have been not with the iPhone OS 3.2 on iPad , but with Princeton 's network .
That conclusion was incorrect .
As the Steps to Reproduce the Bug elsewhere in the document explain , we found that a specific set of circumstances would cause the iPad to malfunction in this way .
Not every iPad might experience that specific set of cirumstances .
Additionally , Princeton 's network monitoring was ( at the time ) able to detect this kind of malfunction only when it disrupts service or extends beyond one day ; some malfunctions go undetected .
Some also further claimed that because we only blocked some of the iPads at Princeton , the fault must have been not with the iPhone OS 3.2 on iPad , but with Princeton 's network .
That conclusion was similarly incorrect .
As the information in this document explains , iPhone OS 3.2 on iPad only exhibited the malfunction in specific circumstances , and we only blocked the device after we detected it malfunctioning a second time .
Since the time we detected this bug , Princeton University re-architected our wireless networks to accomodate wireless growth .
One of the side effects of these changes is that we are no longer able to detect and troubleshoot these kinds of problems on our wireless networks .
Previously , each of our wireless networks used globally - routable IP v4 addresses and was not behind a NAT .
A side effect of that design was that we could reliably retrieve IP ARP data from each network 's IP router .
Now most of our wireless networks are behind NAT routers so we may assign private IP v4 addresses to wireless clients ; we are doing so to extend the time before we run out of globally - routable IP v4 addresses .
A side - effect of the shift from normal IP routers to NAT routers is that we are no longer able to record IP ARP data for wireless clients in a manner reliable enough to let us detect wireless clients malfunctioning in various ways , including the way described in this document .
Additionally , our wireless networks previously used DHCP servers we had instrumented to help us to detect " stolen " IP addresses .
Now most of our wireless networks use commodity DHCP servers , because those servers are rated to handle higher DHCP transaction rates than our instrumented DHCP servers .
A side - effect of the shift from instrumented DHCP servers to commodity DHCP servers is that we no longer have the DHCP server instrumentation to detect wireless clients malfunctioning in various ways , including the way described in this document .
Furthermore , our wireless networks previously allowed IP ARP traffic to flow normally .
Now on most of our wireless networks , wireless controllers intercept most IP ARP requests to reduce the broadcast traffic rate ; instead of flooding the requests to allow all possible clients to see and respond to ARP requests , the wireless controllers may choose to construct an ARP response themselves based on the controller 's notion of the " correct " answer .
A side - effect of the move away from normal ARP traffic flow is that on our wireless networks , we no longer can truly determine which devices are using which IP addresses .
The upshot is that as a side - effect of the network changes we made starting in September 2012 , we are no longer able to detect these kinds of malfunctioning wireless clients .
Wireless clients which exhibit these kinds of issues can still disrupt or degrade network service for others , but we are no longer able to detect and troubleshoot these kinds of problems .
Steps to Reproduce the Bug
We can reliably reproduce this bug by following the procedure below .
( We do not know if there are other circumstances that can be used to demonstrate the bug . )
If you have an iPad+3G ( instead of the iPad without 3G ) , you may wish to disable the 3G interface while following these steps to reproduce the bug .
( We have tested this procedure on the iPad without 3G ; we do not know if an iPad+3G will behave differently if its cellular interface is up . )
Ensure you are using an iPad ( first generation ) running firmware version 3.2 ( build 7B367 ) .
This is the version that originally shipped with the iPad beginning with the iPad 's release in April 2010 .
You may view an iPad 's firmware version at Settings -> General -> About -> Version .
You will not be able to reproduce this problem with firmware version 3.2.1 ( build 7B405 ) or version 3.2.2 ( building 7B500 ) .
Those versions have a different issue .
Configure the iPad with an email account that supports Microsoft Exchange ActiveSync® to push email from the server to the iPad .
The iPad will not indicate whether an email account supports Microsoft Exchange ActiveSync .
If you are not sure , check with your email provider .
Configure the iPad to try to retrieve email via Push ( for those accounts which support Push ( e.g. , Microsoft Exchange ActiveSync ) .
Do so by setting Settings -> Mail , Contacts , Calenders -> Fetch New Data ->
Push to On .
This availability of this setting does not mean that your iPad is in fact configured with an email account that actually supports Microsoft Exchange ActiveSync .
The setting is always available .
When set to On , the iPad tries to use Push to retrieve mail , contacts , and calendar , but for accounts that do not support Push , the iPad will instead use the periodic polling schedule ( or " manual " ) specified on the same screen .
Use the Settings -> Mail , Contacts , Calenders -> Fetch New Data ->
Advanced button on this screen to also view the per-email - account settings .
Verify that the setting for your specific email account is also set to Push ; that is , that the setting for this specific account has not overridden the system - wide setting .
Leave the USB / dock connector disconnected from the iPad throughout the test ; the iPad must not be connected to a power source .
Cause the iPad to be connected to an 802.11 wireless network .
Allow the iPad to obtain a lease via DHCP .
If it was already configured to use DHCP , it did this once it connected to the wireless network in the preceeding step .
For the remainder of the steps below , do n't do anything that would cause the iPad to disassociate or de-authenticate from the 802.11 wireless network .
For example , do n't relocate the iPad in such a way that it loses its 802.11 connection for a time .
This is because a wireless reconnection may trigger the iPad to attempt to perform DHCP , putting you back to the previous step ( resetting the lease timers ) .
If the iPad on its own decides to disconnect from the 802.11 wireless network , this will also prevent you from reproducing the problem , for the same reason .
If your wireless access points perform an 802.11 de-authentication or disassociation of the iPad after some time ( e.g. due to some idle station timeout ) , this can also prevent you from reproducing the problem , for the same reason .
If the iPad roams directly from one Wireless Access Point to another ( never losing its connection ) , this generally will not trigger the iPad to attempt to perform DHCP .
As a result , roam events will not prevent you from reproducing the problem .
( We verified that the iPad remained connected to the wireless network throughout the test by monitoring the logs from our wireless access points .
If you do n't have the ability to monitor your wireless access points , you will not be able to verify that the iPad is truly remaining connected continuously .
Without that information , if you have difficulty reproducing the problem , you may be unable to determine if it is because the iPad did n't remain connected to the wireless network . )
Before the DHCP lease reaches the time it is due to be renewed ( lease time T1 ) cause the iPad to go to sleep .
You can do this my pressing the Sleep / Wake button , or by allowing the iPad to use its auto - lock feature .
Leave the iPad continue to remain asleep through the time that the DHCP lease is due to expire .
Lease renewal time will pass without the iPad attempting to renew its lease .
Although the iPad remains attached to the wireless network the entire time , it does not attempt to renew the DHCP lease .
The iPad will continue to use the IP address .
( This is not yet a problem . )
Lease expiration time will pass without the iPad attempting to renew its lease .
Although the iPad remains attached to the wireless network the entire time , it does not attempt to renew the DHCP lease .
Even after the lease has expired , the iPad continues to use the IP address .
For example , it will respond to ARP requests and PING requests .
Once the iPad is in this state , pressing its Sleep / Wake button to awake the device ( and optionally unlocking it as well ) does not resolve the problem .
Once awoken , and unlocked , the iPad does not attempt to use DHCP to obtain a new lease .
It continues to use the IP address from the lease that has expired .
Putting the device back to sleep and awakening it again will not help at this point ; the problem continues .
In brief :
When the iPad is configured with an email account that supports Microsoft Exchange ActiveSync® , and the iPad is configured to retrieve email for that account using " Push " , the iPad tries to remain connected to the Wi-Fi network even when the iPad is asleep and the iPad is not attached to a power source .
When the iPad has an application installed which supports Apple Push Notification Service , and Notifications are enabled , the iPad tries to remain connected to the Wi-Fi network even when the iPad is asleep and the iPad is not attached to a power source .
( This does n't happen 100 % of the time ; sometimes the iPod chooses to remain disconnected from the Wi-Fi network .
We suspect that 's an unrelated bug . )
While the iPad remains connected to the Wi-Fi network and is asleep , and the iPad is not attached to a power source , and the iPad experiences no 802.11 wireless disconnect / reconnect events , the iPad does not attempt to renew its DHCP lease .
The iPad continues using the IP address after the lease has expired .
Once the iPad has gotten into this state , and the DHCP lease has expired , we have found that any one of the following actions will get the device out of this state :
Power off the iPad ( this is not the same as putting the device to sleep ) .
When you next power on the iPad , it will ask for a new lease .
Use the iPad 's Settings application to turn off its wireless interface .
When you next turn on the iPad 's wireless interface ( even if it 's only a few seconds later ) , it will ask for a new lease .
application to turn off its wireless interface .
When you next turn on the iPad 's wireless interface ( even if it 's only a few seconds later ) , it will ask for a new lease .
Causing the iPad to lose its connection to the 802.11 wireless network may also work .
( That is , cause the iPad to experience an 802.11 de-authenticate or disassociate event .
We 've tested it by forcing the wireless access point to de-authenticate the iPad .
Moving the iPad beyond the coverage area of its current wireless access point might also do the job . )
When the iPad next associates to the wireless network , it may ask for a new DHCP lease .
We 've verified this works in some cases , but have not yet been able to test enough cases .
FLV to MP4 Converter is a professional and special designed tool with upgraded kernel to support iPhone SE , iPhone 6s / 6s plus , Samsung , HTC , Window Phone 7 , etc .
In addition , this FLV converting software allows you to convert Flash videos of FLV , WMV , ASF and F4V format to mainstream portable devices , like iPhone , iPad , iPod series , Samsung Galaxy Series , HTC , Kindle Fire HD , Gphone , LG , Mortorola , Windows Phone 7 , BlackBerry and so forth .
What 's more , converting such videos to devices for playback , this FLV Video Converter enables extract audio to these devices .
Sometimes , your device cannot support FLV format , and want to convert FLV to MP4 .
I would recommend you FLV to MP4 Converter .
You just need to download Tipard Video Converter Ultimate installation file , then double click the downloaded installation file to start installation ; next follow the instructions to finish the installation .
After installation , please launch FLV Converter , and then enter correct User Name and registration key in pop-up registration window , then click Register button to finish registration .
What do you need ?
OS Support : Windows NT4/2000/2003 /XP and Windows Vista , Windows 7
Hardware Requirements : 800MHz
Intel or AMD CPU , or above ; 512MB RAM or more
Install and register Tipard FLV Converter
Guide Steps :
Step 1 : Load FLV to MP4 Convert application
Step 2 : Optimize output video file
Step 3 : Choose output video format
Step 4 : Adjust video settings
Step 5 : Start to convert FLV to MP4 format
Welcome to John J. Hopkins & Associates
At the law firm John J. Hopkins & Associates , in Godfrey , Illinois , our attorneys and support staff believe in helping clients get what they deserve through experienced representation and compassionate service .
Our lawyers have been helping clients in the St. Louis metro area for nearly 42 years .
As a result of our work , we have recovered millions of dollars in settlements and judgments for thousands of clients .
John J. Hopkins & Associates specializes in Personal Injury serving the St. Louis Metropolitan Area , Southern Illinois , and Eastern Missouri from our office in Godfrey , Illinois .
Wood logs ?
That 's all ?
Hah , this mood will be easy to satisfy ...
...
So , after having taken every log in my stockpile , he 's still not satisfied .
He has 39 assorted logs jammed into that shop right now .
I 'm gonna have to enlist my military on temporary chopping duty to get this guy enough logs .
Some people say that Perl ( at least versiosn 1 Perl 5 ) is a cleaned up dialect of the language called Unix .
Certainly that 's how I develop .
Unix is my IDE , and I use Unix tools as much as possible .
You can see the schism between Unix developers and everyone else in the Perl world .
Cygwin does n't get as much attention and testing and bugfixing as it deserves .
Dealing with shared libraries and installation on Windows and Mac OS X often requires special skills and knowledge and dedication that is n't always available or obvious or interesting to those of us for whom Unix and the free Unix - alikes just work .
For maximum fun and frustration , install Strawberry Perl on a friend 's computer , then tell them they 're going to learn how to program .
Try to explain that your preferred approach mixes several terminal windows with GNU Screen and copious command - line utilities , then try to get them past the " Hello , world ! " stage .
( The real point of that exercise is to teach you how to write , save , compile , link , and run programs .
Skip any step not necessary in your language . )
Certainly the bundling of Padre helps , but the mindset of the Unix hacker runs deeply through Perl culture .
This is not a bad thing ; it 's the source of much goodness in the language and its ecosystem .
Yet you can't be a productive Perl hacker unless you know that it 's there .
Consider perldoc .
A very naïve count of words in pod / in bleadperl today suggests that the core Perl 5.13.0 distribution contains 740,000 words of documentation .
Take out the deltas between releases and you still have 576,000 words of documentation .
That 's almost six novels worth of books , unless you 're a prolific fantasy author , in which case that 's the filler in your bookshelf - destroying series .
That 's only the core documentation .
That does n't count the documentation of the core libraries .
If you want to be a good Perl developer , you have to know that it exists and how to use it .
perldoc perltoc lists and describes all of the documents in the core documentation .
Type the name of any of the files listed as the argument to perldoc to learn more .
perldoc perlfunc describes
Perl 's built - in functions , like push and chomp .
If you do n't remember the name of a function , you can skim through this file ( especially its listings of functions by category ) to find it .
Most adept Perl programmers use perldoc -f funcname , however .
I can't remember the order of return values from caller , so I type perldoc -f caller and skim the example code .
Get used to referring to the documentation .
That 's how good programmers work .
If you 're not sure what you need to look up , but think you know how to describe it , perldoc -q keyword searches the Perl FAQ for the appropriate question .
I use this less than perldoc -f , but I do n't ask many of those questions about Perl .
Any module worth using has documentation .
Type perldoc Module : : Name to read its documentation .
Books
The Human Illnesses by Peter C. Williamson and John Allman , Oxford University Press , New York , 2011 .
by Peter C. Williamson and John Allman , Oxford University Press , New York , 2011 .
Evolving Brains by John Allman , Scientific American Library - W. H. Freeman , New York , 2000 .
Download PDF version of Evolving Brains
Buffett Biographer Schroeder Rips Buffett , Annual Meeting Alice Schroeder , author of the recent biography The Snowball : Warren Buffett And The Business of Life ( 2008 ) , harshly criticized Buffett and the annual meeting on two counts in a piece yesterday for Bloomberg : “ Buffett Turns Into One More Corporate Bubble ” , Alice Schroeder , Bloomberg , May 5 .
First , Schroeder claims the meeting has lost its thrill and become a mob circus :
It used to be worth the cost of flying to Omaha , Nebraska , for Warren Buffett ’s annual lovefest , the Berkshire Hathaway Inc. annual shareholder meeting where you got information available nowhere else .
Buffett warned of the systemic risk of derivatives as long ago as the 1993 meeting .
In 1996 , he and sidekick Charles Munger gave a lesson on what makes a bank successful : management that highlights return on assets and efficiency above all else .
Minding these lessons would have saved investors a lot of money during the financial crisis .
Today the seasoned professional investors who attend are there out of loyalty , or to piggyback on the meeting and promote their own businesses .
Younger money managers come because it ’s a chance to see it before it ’s gone .
Few of these people expect to glean amazing insights .
The thrill is gone .
The meeting has become overvalued , like a stock gobbled up by the dumb money piling in at the late stages of a bubble .
Second , she harshly criticized Buffett for his strong defense of Goldman : Another reason the meeting offers fewer gems is that it has grown contentious .
This year , two difficult issues popped up : Berkshire ’s $ 5 billion investment in Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and Buffett ’s lobbying in Washington for a special exemption to a bill regulating the derivative deals that Buffett struck shortly before the financial crisis .
Buffett could have used his position to offer moral leadership and influence the political debate on financial - services reform .
Instead , he gave a vigorous defense of Goldman Sachs .
He justified the technical legality of Goldman ’s actions outlined in the Securities and Exchange Commission fraud suit , and was persuasive on the sentimental reasons for why he likes the company .
Going Downhill
Then it went downhill .
If Lloyd Blankfein had a twin brother , Buffett said , he would support him as chief executive officer of Goldman .
Yet he said Blankfein did n’t tell him about Goldman ’s Wells notice , which informed the firm that it was the target of an SEC probe .
Even though Berkshire discloses all its Wells notices , he said it was immaterial in Goldman ’s case .
Berkshire is getting 10 percent interest on $ 5 billion of redeemable preferred stock and warrants that strike at $ 115 , and Buffett seems struck blind by the money .
He said Goldman ’s woes will abate , and they will .
But he does n’t seem to understand that this episode will be a permanent mark on its — and his — record .
The comments of Munger , Berkshire ’s vice chairman and a man who is incapable of being disingenuous , threw into relief the way that Buffett seemed to be clinging to legalities rather than showing sensitivity to the public ’s anger at Goldman ’s callous behavior toward taxpayers and investors .
There is a difference , Munger said , between being ethical and following the letter of the law .
While he said he would have voted with the two SEC commissioners ( out of five ) who objected to suing Goldman , he was n’t championing the firm ’s behavior either .
Just Get
What I wanted Buffett to say was what he has said in similar situations about news of corporate culpability :
Get it right , get it fast , get it out .
March down to Washington , Lloyd , sit down with SEC Chairman Mary Shapiro and say , Madam Chairman , what would you like us to do ?
Thank you , we ’ll get right on it , and we apologize to the taxpayers and investors .
If she says , Your successor takes over July 1 and must not be a former trader , just say , OK .
That kind of principle - based thinking was missing throughout much of the meeting .
It is now necessary to parse Buffett ’s words like any other CEO’s .
What makes this so odd is that Buffett pledged cooperation with Schroeder in writing her biography , including access to files , 2000 hours together ( including 300 recorded ) and a letter assuring potential interviewees that he was cooperating with her .
And Schroeder wrote in the Bloomberg piece that she actually skipped this year ’s annual meeting .
Clearly , there has been some sort of a falling out between the two .
For example , see “ The Backstory on the Buffett Book ” , Jeffrey Trachtenberg , The Wall Street Journal , August 23 , 2008 , W1 . Leave a Comment
Reddit Email 0 Shares
The new Israeli policy of deporting Palestinians from the West Bank on arbitrary grounds has kicked in with Ahmad Sabah , who has just been deported to Gaza and separated from his family in the West Bank .
The measure contravenes the Geneva Convention of 1949 on the treatment of occupied populations , and it also goes contrary to the undertakings Israel made toward the Palestine Authority in the course of the Oslo peace negotiations .
The episode underlines the ways in which their forced statelessness leaves Palestinians ( almost uniquely among major world nationalities ) completely vulnerable to loss of the most basic human rights .
That he was forcibly moved to Gaza by the Israelis suggests that many of those singled out for potential deportation from the West Bank may be moved to the small slum along the Mediterranean , which the Israelis have cut off from its traditional markets and which they keep under a blockade of the civilian population ( a war crime ) .
The Israeli establishment has decided not to try to colonize Gaza , and its isolation and hopelessness make it an attractive place for them to begin exiling West Bank residents , thus making more room for Israeli colonists .
The new policy , which is illegal six ways to Sunday in international law , is the brainchild of the government of far rightwing Likud leader Binyamin Netanyahu .
Netanyahu , an Israeli hawk and expansionist , slapped President Barack Obama in the face again Thursday when he confirmed that he refused to halt construction of new homes in Palestinian East Jerusalem , which is militarily occupied by Israel .
Netanyahu ’s announcement is probably the nail in the coffin of any two - state solution to the Israeli - Palestinian conflict ( in which the Israelis have thrown most Palestinians now living beyond the Green Line off their land and deprived them of citizenship in a state and all the rights that go with such citizenship ) .
Palestinians are so despairing that only 57 percent even believe in having an independent Palestinian state any more .
The rest are resigned to becoming Israelis in the distant future , when demographic realities and perhaps world - wide boycotts of Israel for its Apartheid - style policies toward the occupied Palestinian will force Israel to accept them .
At the same time , Netanyahu tried to throw sand in peoples ’ eyes by talking about recognizing an ‘ interim ’ Palestinian state with “ temporary ” borders .
Palestinian leaders reject this formulation , which is intended to allow the Israelis to continue aggressively to colonize Palestinian territory while pretending that they are engaged in a ‘ peace process . ’
The Palestine Authority , established in the 1990s , was already a sort of interim state then , and Palestine ’s borders were then ‘ temporary . ’
So temporary that Israel has made deep inroads into them through massive colonies and building a wall on the Palestinian side of the border , cutting residents off from their own farms and sequestering entire towns and cities .
Netanyahu ’s various moves this week , from illegally expelling a Palestinian from the West Bank to Gaza– to blowing off the president of the United States and hitching his wagon to massive increased colonization of Palestinian land– all of these steps are guaranteed to mire Israel in violent disputes for years and perhaps decades .
And the US , which has already suffered tremendously in Iraq and elsewhere from its knee - jerk support of illegal and inhumane Israeli policies toward the Palestinians , will suffer further .
Meanwhile , in the wake of a vicious attack on Barack Obama by New York senator Chuck Schumer , Steve Clemons of the Washington Note frankly wonders whether Schumer understands he is in the US Senate or whether he is under the impression he is serving in the Israeli Knesset .
As I ’m riding in a bus filled with rowdy college kids en route to a fraternity formal , more than excitement and even anticipation , I ’m feeling relief that my date is n’t some stranger who was desperate for a last - minute setup .
My level of stress about this weekend is therefore much less than that of many of the other girls who have ambivalently accepted an invitation .
On the surface , formals are simply Greek - sponsored events that give fraternity brothers and their dates a chance to get out of St. Louis for a weekend of fun .
Sounds harmless , right ?
Maybe for some , but formals carry with them more than live bands , dance floors and open bar venues .
For a large portion of those attending formals , the added pressures and expectations of a pending hookup are n’t easily avoided .
It is a given , for instance , that if a boy asks you to his formal , you will be sleeping in a bed with him .
The implications of this are quite obvious .
He pays for the formal , the meals and the hotel room , generally expecting something in return .
I find this logic to be absolutely ridiculous .
The idea that when a girl says “ yes ” to formal she is in effect saying “ yes ” to anything and everything her date has planned for the weekend is not just ignorant ; it ’s degrading .
I do not mean to intend that guys , or even the more specific fraternity brothers , are solely to blame .
Girls play an equal role in accepting the traditions that revolve around formals as uncontested rules .
When we fail to question the greater implications of such expectations , we are only further promoting the behaviors we hope to avoid .
If you go to a formal and do n’t want to hook up with a guy and do it anyway , if you fake sick instead of just saying “ no , ” or if you feel guilty for not giving your date what he wants , you are only enabling an ideology that is clearly outdated and even immoral in its nature .
I have admittedly played a role in perpetuating this fraternity formal mentality .
Once at a formal , my friend felt uncomfortable sleeping in a bed with her date .
“ Just do it for one night , ” I told her .
“ He brought you here , he paid for the room , and he does n’t want to share a bed with a guy . ”
In a not - so - subtle sense , I was telling her to suck it up , to put her needs below those of her date .
I was sending the message that her feelings , therefore , were less important than his .
This sexist attitude is at the core of every stereotype against women and every abusive relationship .
If our feelings are less significant , then we are less significant , and if we are less significant , then we give men even greater incentives to take advantage of us .
It is not a stretch to say that when we put aside our own priorities , even for one weekend , we are only a close step away from more catastrophic forms of misogyny .
Boys ca n’t buy our emotions any more than they can buy our bodies .
We say “ yes ” and then change our minds ; we think we have feelings for someone and then realize it ’s all wrong , and we agree to go to formal but still are n’t sure that we want to have sex .
That does n’t make us fickle girls — it makes us human .
I ’ve apologized again and again for my advice on that night , and I still consider it one of my biggest regrets .
What I should have said , and what I ’ll say to all the girls invited to formals who are stressing over the events of the evening , is this .
Do what you want to do , and trust yourself .
If you do n’t want to sleep in that bed , do n’t do it .
If you do n’t want to hook up with him , tell the truth .
If he ’s pissed and done with you and mad that he spent all this money and the girl he took is n’t going to have sex with him …he can go screw himself , literally .
You are not alone .
So many other girls and guys at that same formal are worrying about the same thing .
If the pressure was off , if the sleeping arrangements were n’t predetermined , and if we stopped worrying about our end - of - the - night hookup , everyone would be having a lot more fun .
Formal does n’t have to be a trap , though .
There is no need to have a catch , a contracted clause , or even a simple expectation of a hookup .
You can be a great date without sacrificing yourself .
Just like we are n’t predictable , automated machines that can sign away two nights of our life without the slightest hesitation , I ’m willing to bet that the same expectations place unwanted pressure on the many guys attending formals .
So , the next time a date tries to guilt you into sleeping with him , remember that it may be his formal but its still your choice .
When you take away the fancy dresses and nice suits , you ’re only left with a guy paying for a girl to have sex with him , and we all know what that ’s called .
Alissa is a sophomore in Arts and Sciences , she can be reached at [ email protected ] .
Everybody has a few people clogging up their social networking sites with frequent updates , annoying pictures , and general stupidity .
But there 's often guilt about offing these former friends .
Feel bad no more !
These are the people you must ditch now .
Now , to be fair , you should probably consider your relationship with these people before you go deleting them from your electronic life .
After all if it 's your partner , parent , boss , best friend , or the guy you 've been seeing on and off for the last few years , they might notice what you did and take it as an affront .
If you 're close enough to this person for them to notice you went out for a pack of eCigarettes and never came back , then it might be better to just have a talk with them about fixing their obnoxious internet behavior .
Or you can do the passive aggressive thing and defriend them and then when they say " Yo , what 's up ? " tell them that they suck .
That works too .
If you know any of these people below , it 's time to cut the cord .
Hopefully they 'll know what they did .
The Overuser : Their thumbs are practically shackled to their Blackberry and their fingers never leave the keyboard .
It 's always some new update about where they are ( fucking Foursquare ! ) , what they 're doing , or other similar inanities .
It 's like someone tweeting about their work out .
Oh look , Bill is on his first set of bicep curls .
Now Bill is on his second set of bicep curls .
Now Bill is on his ... we do n't care , no matter how good his guns look .
We do n't want to read the seven million articles about Robert Pattinson someone thought were so revealing they had to be shared with the world in rapid succession .
We do n't want to hear a critique of every American Idol contestant 's wardrobe , song choice , and singing ability in separate dispatches .
This person is like the cyber version of the guy in the Micro Machine 's commercial .
Just shut the fuck up .
The noise is drowning out the conversation we 're trying to hear .
The Oversharer :
The minute one of your followees says anything about a bowel movement , it is time to go .
Period .
Some people use Facebook to share what they 're doing and how they 're feeling in a fun and interesting way .
It 's like running into them at a cocktail party and getting the quick rundown .
An annoying few use it for their disgusting confessional full of graphic biological , biographical , and sexual information .
We do n't want to hear about yellow toenails .
We do n't care that this is the heaviest flow that the world has ever seen .
We do n't want to hear about every petty slight , bicker , and squabble with a significant other .
We 're not a couples counselor , we 're a friend .
Sure , if the results of the biopsy come back negative , please celebrate and share it with the world .
But a constant stream of gross overshares wo n't just make us flinch , it will make us click that little X next to your name .
The Proselytizer :
These are n't just the people who are constantly sharing Bible quotes with the world , it 's any person who is constantly nagging other people to join their causes , political battles , and groups .
Guess what , if we cared about stopping the deforestation of the Florida panhandle , we would seek the group out and join it ourselves .
We do n't need you suggesting that we become a part of it every time we log on to the site !
And just because we were guilted into joining " One Million Smooches for Gay Marriage " does n't mean we 'll have the same magnanimity when it comes to " Make Gay Marriage Happen Or We'll Stop Arranging Your Flowers , " " A Petition to End Oil Dependence in the Middle East , " or " Save the Owls of Tuscaloosa County . "
These people might as well be one of those horrible college kids who stand on the street with a pack of pamphlets and say , " Do you have a moment for environmental rights ? "
No , we do not .
It 's bad enough when it 's something we already agree with .
If someone is spreading crazy Christian nonsense , creationist magic , or right wing political propaganda , they 're so dead to us .
The In - Joker : Have you ever gone to someone else 's high school reunion ?
Unless you are the world 's most patient partner , of course not , because who wants to sit through hours of people sharing stories that you can't put into context , understand , or enjoy .
But that is just what following an In - Joker 's Twitter feed is like .
" Like Mark is totally eating a shrimp taco , wink wink @ Mike Totally makes me think of that guy in Cancun : ' Por favor '
Am I right ?!! "
We 're glad @ Mike chuckled because we have no fucking clue what you are saying .
No , we do n't know what is so LOL about a cruller in a Corolla or what is so LMAO about karaoke in Bangkok .
( OK , that is kind of amusing . )
Sure , those might be hilarious for a small collection of people , but it 's a total confusing bore for the rest of us .
And please do n't leave in - jokey comments on our page either .
Sure , you just want to show how close we are by reminding us of a great moment we shared .
We get it , but we want to propagate an open conversation among people we know and like , we do n't want our little slice of the internet to be the back of a 13 - year - old girl 's yearbook .
The Replyer :
There is nothing more annoying than looking at someone 's Twitter page and every burst of characters starts with either an @ or an RT .
This is especially true if the response has no context of what the original comment was about .
If we do n't follow that other person , we have no idea what the reply is all about .
It 's like turning on a David Lynch movie 45 minutes into it .
You will be lost , frustrated , and possibly on the verge of an LSD flashback .
These are also the people who have something to say about every status update , every picture posted , and every event invitation confirmed .
To the casual observer , he is your only or best friend only because he is always there , lurking like two - day - old onion bagel stink in your trash can .
He never has anything to say for himself , he 's just feeding and living off of what everyone else has to say .
Come up with something of your own or go away .
The Meme Lover :
The only person who should be sending you weird forward chain mail letters is your mom .
Some strange neurotoxin must be released when a woman pushes a baby out of her body that makes her send these to her offspring years later .
It can't be helped , only tolerated .
However , if anyone other than your mother is bothering you with " 25 Things You Don't Care to Know About Me " or # sometimesiwonder or tagging you in one of those stupid grids of Little Miss characters , then they need to be cut loose from your life .
Yes , a Blingee kitten every so often is n't the worst thing in the world and can brighten a day , but for those people who fall for every retarded Avatar Week tomfoolery the web dreams up , there is a special sort of banishment .
The Fisher :
These are the people whose low self - esteem needs to be bolstered by other people wanting to know the details of their life .
" I just feel like crying right now " or " You 're never going to believe what I just bought ! " or " Ca n't wait to tell everyone the big news . "
People who say vague and leading things like that want someone else to say , " What ? " or " Why ? " or " How Come ? "
That is what The Fisher makes you do , but what they 're really saying is " Tell me I 'm good enough to care about . "
You probably are , but you do n't need a bunch of anonymous affirmations to tell you that .
And sorry , Al - Anon taught us how to not be an enabler so we 're not taking the bait .
We 're just going to ignore you and let some poor Replyer feed your madness .
The Nobody : Face it , everyone 's Facebook friend list is bloated .
It includes people from high school you have n't talked to in eons , people you you met once at a cocktail party and never talked to again , people who you have 90 mutual friends with but have never actually met in person .
And you have to listen to all these things that people say .
More often than not , these are the folks who are the types above that you have to get rid of .
Your real friends do n't annoy you .
Well , they probably do , but you put up with it because , as Dionne sings , that 's what friends are for .
Just cut out all the fat .
If you do n't recognize someone 's name or face , let them go .
It does n't make you any less of a person that your numbers are dwindling .
You are still important , people still know and like you , and it 's going to be OK .
Just take a deep breath .
These tools are here to keep you connected , share information , and have fun .
Just like the winner of The Biggest Loser , life going to be so much easier to do that once you get rid of all the excess .
MOUNT DORA , Fla . - A central Florida urologist has posted a sign on his office door warning supporters of President Barack Obama to find a different doctor .
The notice on Dr. Jack Cassell 's Mount Dora practice says , " If you voted for Obama , seek urologic care elsewhere .
Changes to your healthcare begin right now , not in four years . "
Cassell told the Orlando Sentinel on Thursday he was n't questioning patients or refusing care , because that would be unethical .
" But if they read the sign and turn the other way , so be it , " he said .
Cassell , 56 , also provides Republican reading material in the waiting room - probably not a risky move , given that Mount Dora 's 10,000 residents and the surrounding area lean heavily conservative .
Above a stack of GOP health care literature , a sign reads : " This is what the morons in Washington have done to your health care .
Take one , read it and vote out anyone who voted for it . "
The Florida Department of Health's Division of Medical Quality Assurance , which investigates complaints and handles licensing , did not immediately return telephone messages seeking comment on Friday .
A University of Florida professor said Cassell is walking a thin line between right and wrong .
William Allen , a professor in bioethics , law and medical professionalism , said civil rights protections prevent patient discrimination .
But the law only provides for race , gender , religion , sexual orientation and disability - not political opinion .
Allen said Cassell may be within his rights if he does n't quiz patients about their politics and has n't refused to see anyone .
" ( He's ) trying to hold onto the nub of his ethical obligation , " Allen said .
" But this is pushing the limit . "
Cassell has been practicing in the area since 1988 .
His wife , Leslie Campione , is a lawyer and GOP candidate for the county commission .
Cassell says most patients have been extremely supportive , though three had complained .
" They know it 's not good for them , " Cassell said .
Welcome to
Free Full Online
Unlimited Free Movies Awaits
You !
Buffett backs Goldman Sachs
( Fortune ) -- Warren Buffett offered his strongest defense yet of Goldman Sachs , saying he does n't believe the investment bank acted improperly in a sale of subprime - related securities at the heart of a Securities and Exchange Commission fraud case .
" I do not hold against Goldman at all that an allegation has been made , " Buffett said Saturday at Berkshire 's annual shareholder meeting in Omaha .
He adds that he " loves " Berkshire 's lucrative investment in Goldman preferred stock and believes the firm remains the best investment bank in the world .
The fraud case and reports that the Justice Department may pursue a related criminal case have hit Goldman 's stock hard .
Shares have dropped 22 % in the past two weeks and closed Friday at their lowest level since last July .
But Buffett defended the bank and its CEO , Lloyd Blankfein , even as some on Wall Street are wagering the SEC case may lead to Blankfein 's departure .
Asked who else should run Goldman ( GS , Fortune 500 ) if Blankfein had to step down , Buffett said he has " never given that a thought .
There 's really no reason . "
The SEC stunned Wall Street two weeks ago by filing a civil fraud case alleging that Goldman misled investors in a 2007 sale of subprime - backed debt , by failing to disclose that a hedge fund manager who was betting against the investment helped to select the securities in the transaction .
The hedge fund manager , John Paulson , made $ 1 billion when the investment lost all its value within months .
That caused major losses at two big European banks .
The SEC said Goldman deceived the investors in the deal , known as Abacus 2007 - AC1 , by failing to disclose the inherent conflict posed by Paulson 's bet against the portfolio .
Goldman has said it acted properly , and Buffett said he believes ACA , a bond insurer that made a $ 900 million bet on Abacus that was backed by Dutch bank ABN Amro , failed to weigh the risks involved .
" They made what turned out to be a dumb insurance decision , " Buffett said .
" I do n't see what difference it made who was on the other side of the deal . "
Buffett made his comments in response to shareholder questions at the Berkshire ( BRKA , Fortune 500 ) annual meeting .
One questioner brought up Buffett 's 1991 testimony before a House subcommittee on the Salomon Brothers Treasury bond scandal , in which Buffett - who had just taken charge of Salomon as the Treasury actions threatened to bring it down -- famously promised to be " ruthless " when any employee acted in a way that hurt the firm 's reputation .
But both Buffett and his longtime investing partner , Berkshire Vice Chairman Charlie Munger , made clear they do n't view the allegations against Goldman as rising to the seriousness of that case , in which Salomon was accused of trying to manipulate the market for Treasury securities .
" There 's no question that the ... press of the past few weeks hurt the company , " Buffett said , adding that " the allegation of something " did not fall in his " category of losing reputation . "
Munger noted that he would have voted with the two Republicans on the SEC who opposed bringing a civil fraud charge against Goldman .
He and Buffett also agreed they did n't believe Goldman had a duty to disclose to shareholders when it received a so - called Wells notice -- a letter from the SEC indicating charges were likely .
And though Buffett acknowledged the past two weeks have been " painful " for Goldman , he said the allegations are actually positive , in one way , for Berkshire .
The company made a $ 5 billion preferred stock investment in Goldman in September 2008 , at the height of the financial crisis .
The shares pay Berkshire $ 500 million in annual dividends -- or more than $ 15 a second , Buffett said .
Buffett said he has been expecting Goldman , as is its right , to buy Berkshire out of the costly preferred shares by paying Berkshire $ 5.5 billion .
Berkshire would then likely reinvest those funds in safe securities paying around $ 20 million annually .
But with investigations swirling around Goldman , regulators are n't likely to soon allow Goldman to repay Berkshire , Buffett said .
That means the healthy dividend checks should keep rolling in for a while .
" Every day that Goldman does n't call our preferred is money in the bank , " Buffett said .
" That 's $ 15 a tick .
Tick , tick , tick .
I do n't want those ticks to go away . "
Berkshire earnings soar
Buffett also reported Saturday that operating earnings at Berkshire Hathaway ( BRKB ) rose 30 % from a year ago in the first quarter , as economic activity has picked up this spring .
Berkshire posted a first - quarter profit of $ 3.6 billion .
That reverses a year - ago loss of $ 1.5 billion .
As always , the results were heavily affected by gains and losses on the firm 's investments and derivatives contacts .
Excluding those noisy factors , as Buffett prefers to , Berkshire 's operating profit rose to $ 2.2 billion in the quarter from $ 1.7 billion a year earlier .
The gains were driven by strong results at Berkshire 's operating businesses , which range from utilities and railroads to metalworking and furniture .
Profit at the company 's regulated businesses , including big electric generator MidAmerican Energy and recently acquired railroad Burlington Northern , more than doubled to $ 555 million .
Earnings at the company 's manufacturing , service and retail arms rose sharply as well , jumping 85 % to $ 477 million .
Insurance earnings slipped from a year ago though , to $ 1.16 billion from $ 1.2 billion a year earlier .
Berkshire owns auto insurance giant Geico among other insurance businesses .
While jobs are returning slowly after a long recession , " business is coming back more than slowly , " Buffett told CNNMoney.com .
He said March and April were " very strong months " in the company 's operating businesses .
" People have regained confidence to some degree , " Buffett said .
" There has been a real resurgence in demand . "
next Image 1 of 2
prev Image 2 of 2
CAIRO — Archaeologists unearthed 383 bronze coins dating back to King Ptolemy III who ruled Egypt in the 3rd century B.C. and was an ancestor of the famed Cleopatra , Egypt 's antiquities authority announced Wednesday .
The statement said one side of the coins were inscribed with hybrid Greek - Egyptian god Amun - Zeus , while the other side showed an eagle and the words Ptolemy and king in Greek .
Founded by one of Alexander the Great 's generals , the Ptolemaic Dynasty ruled Egypt for some 300 years , fusing Greek and ancient Egyptian cultures .
The coins were found north of Qarun lake in Fayoum Oasis 50 miles southwest of Cairo .
Other artifacts were unearthed in the area included three necklaces made of ostrich egg shell dated back to the 4th millennium B.C. and a pot of kohl eyeliner from the Ottoman Empire .
1. Fastest 100 - meter hurdles wearing swim fins , individual , female
The fastest 100 - meter hurdles wearing swim fins by a female is 22.35 seconds .
It was achieved by Maren ZÃ¶nker of Germany in Cologne , Germany , on Sept. 13 , 2008 .
On May 4 , 1951 , Sir Hugh Beaver , then the managing director of the Guinness Brewery , went on a shooting party in North Slob in County Wexford , Ireland .
He became involved in an argument over which was the fastest game bird in Europe , then later realized it was impossible to confirm in reference books .
He then thought that a book supplying answers to such questions could be popular .
The first 197 - page edition of the “ Guinness Book of Records ” was bound on Aug. 27 , 1955 , and went on to the top of the British best - seller list by Christmas .
Over 400 million copies have sold since the first edition .
The most recent one to hit the shelves is the “ Guinness World Records 2010 . ”
Here is list of 50 interesting Guinness records that will surely amaze you .
2 . Most people dressed as Smurfs
The most people dressed as Smurfs was 1,253 and was achieved by the Muckno Mania Festival in Castleblayney , Co Monaghan , Ireland , on July 18 , 2008 .
3. Largest rubber band ball
Joel Waul , pictured , of the United States pushes his bouncing creation .
The largest rubber band ball , which weighs 4,097 kilograms ( 9,032 pounds ) , was measured in Lauderhill , Fla. , Nov. 13 , 2008 .
4. Largest pocket knife
The worldâ€™s largest pocket knife measures 3.9 meters ( 12 feet , 8 inches ) when open , and weighs a total of 122 kilograms ( 268.9 pounds ) .
It was designed by Telmo Cadavez of BraganÃ§a , Portugal , and handmade by VirgilÃ¬o , RaÃºl and Manuel Pires of Portugal , Jan. 9 , 2003 .
5. Heaviest lemon
The world ’s heaviest lemon weighed in at 5.265 kilograms ( 11 pounds , 9.7 ounces ) on Jan. 8 , 2003 , and was grown by Aharon Shemoel on his farm in Kfar Zeitim , Israel .
6. Tightest frying pan roll
The tightest circumference of a 30 centimeter ( 12 - inch ) aluminium frying pan , rolled with bare hands in 30 seconds is 17.46 centimeters ( 6.87 inches ) , set by Scott Murphy at the NXB Team Training Center in Myrtle Beach , S.C. , on July 30 , 2007 .
7 . Most beer steins carried over 40 meters , female
The most beer steins carried over 40 meters ( 131 feet , 3 inches ) by a female is 19 .
This was achieved by Anita Schwarz in Mesenich , Germany , on Nov. 9 , 2008 , in celebration of Guinness World Records Day .
8. Longest distance on a unicycle in 24 hours
Sam Wakeling covered 453.6 kilometers ( 281.85 miles ) on a unicycle in a 24 - hour period at Aberystwyth , Wales , United Kingdom , from Sept. 29 - 30 , 2007 .
9. Largest collection of ‘ Do Not Disturb ’ hotel signs
Jean - FranÃ§ois Vernetti of Switzerland has collected 8,888 different ‘ Do Not Disturb ’ hotel signs from 189 countries across the world since 1985 .
10 . Longest fingernails , both hands
Melvin Booth ( left ) of Troy , Mich. , had a combined fingernail length is 9.05 meters ( 29 feet , 8.3 inches ) .
Lee Redmond ( right ) , who had not cut her nails since 1979 and had them carefully manicured to reach a total length of 8.65 meters ( 28 feet , 4.5 inches ) , lost them when they broke off in a car accident in February .
Story
Woman with longest nails loses them in a crash
Lee Redmond , who held a Guinness World Record for her more than 28 - foot - long fingernails before they broke off in a car crash , says it was the most dramatic event of her life .
But the 68 - year - old also admits that things are much easier without them .
11 . Most T - shirts worn at once
The record for the most T - shirts worn at once is 227 and was achieved by Jef Van Dijck in an attempt organized by Unizo in Brecht , Belgium , on April 24 , 2008 .
12.Â Stretchiest skin
Garry Turner of Great Britain is able to stretch the skin of his stomach to a length of 15.8 centimeters ( 6.25 inches ) due to a rare condition called Ehlers - Danlos Syndrome , a disorder of the connective tissues affecting the skin , ligaments and internal organs .
The collagen that strengthens the skin and determines its elasticity becomes defective , resulting in , among other things , a loosening of the skin and hypermobility of the joints .
In more serious cases , it can cause the fatal collapse or rupturing of blood vessels .
13 . Most Mentos in soda fountains
The most Mentos and soda fountains achieved in the same place is 1,911 , and was conducted by the people of Latvia and students of TURIBA in Riga , Latvia , on June 19 , 2008 .
14 . Heaviest jicama ( yam bean )
The heaviest Jicama weighs 21 kilograms ( 46 pounds , 4.8 ounces ) and was grown by Leo Sutisna in Bandung , West Java , Indonesia .
15 . Largest display of Star Wars clone troopers built with interlocking plastic bricks
The worldâ€™s largest display of LEGOÂ ® Star Warsâ „ ¢ clone troopers was composed of 35,310 individual models and was built by LEGOÂ ® in Slough , U.K. , on June 27 , 2008 .
16 . Largest collection of clocks
The largest collection of clocks belongs to Jack Schoff of the U.S. , who has amassed 1,094 different clocks as of June 17 , 2008 .
17 . Full body ice contact endurance
The longest time spent in direct , full - body contact with ice is 1 hour 42 minutes and 22 seconds by Wim Hof of the Netherlands on Jan. 23 , 2009 .
18 . Largest chalk pavement art
The largest chalk pavement art measures 8,361.31 meters ( 90,000 feet ) and was created by 5,678 children from schools in Alameda , Calif. , for the Kids ’ Chalk Art Project between May 27 and June 7 , 2008 .
19 .
Fastest motorcycle handlebar wheelie
The fastest speed achieved during a wheelie on the handlebars of a motorcycle is 173.81 km/h ( 108 mph ) by Enda Wright in Elvington , York , U.K. , on July 11 , 2006 .
20 . Longest skis
The longest skis are 534 meters ( 1,751 feet , 11 inches ) long and were worn by 1,043 skiers in an event organized by Danske Bank on Drottninggatan in Ãƒâ € “ orebro , Sweden , on Sept. 13 , 2008 .
21 . Oldest table tennis player , female
The oldest table tennis player is Dorothy de Low .
De Low was 97 years old when she represented Australia at the XIV World Veterans Table Tennis Championships at Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , on May 25 , 2008 .
22 . Largest crew of a canoe
The ‘ Snake Boat ’ Aries Punnamada Urukku Chundan of Alleppey , Kerala , India , measures at 43.7 meters ( 143 feet , 4 inches ) long .
It had a crew of 143 , which included 118 rowers , 2 rhythm men , 5 helmsmen and 18 singers , and was rowed in public in Kerala , India , May 1 , 2008 .
23 . Fastest skateboard speed from a standing position
The fastest skateboard speed from a standing position was 113 km/h ( 70.21 mph ) and was achieved by Douglas da Silva at Teutonia , Rio Grande do Sul , Brazil , on Oct. 20 , 2007 .
24 . Largest gathering of Santas
The largest gathering of Santa Clauses was achieved by 13,000 participants in the Guildhall Square in Derry City , Northern Ireland , U.K. , on Dec. 9 , 2007 .
25 .Smallest all - terrain armored vehicle
Built by Howe and Howe Technologies and measuring less than 1 meter ( 3 feet , 3 inches ) wide , the PAV1 Badger is the smallest all - terrain armored vehicle .
It is powerful enough to break down doors but small enough to fit in a lift .
It was commissioned by Civil Protection Services of California .
26 . Largest snail
The largest known land gastropod is the African giant snail ( Achatina achatina ) .
The largest recorded specimen of this species measured 39.3 centmeters ( 15.5 inches ) from snout to tail when fully extended .
Its shell length was 27.3 centimeters ( 10.75 inches ) and it weighed exactly 900 grams ( 2 pounds ) .
27 . Longest distance pulled by a horse â€ “ full - body burn
The longest distance pulled by a horse while on full - body burn was 472.8 meter ( 1,551 feet , 2 inches ) by Halapi Roland in Kisoroszi , Hungary , Nov. 12 , 2008 .
28 . Fastest lawnmower
The fastest speed on an unaltered lawnmower is 98 km/h ( 61 mph ) by Tommy Passemante of the U.S. at Miller Motorsports Park in Tooele , Utah , on Nov. 18 , 2008 , for the MTV show “ Nitro Circus . ”
29 . Fastest 100 m running on all fours
The fastest time to run 100 m on all fours is 18.58 seconds and was set by Kenichi Ito of Japan at Setagaya Kuritsu Sogo Undojyo , Tokyo , on Nov. 13 , 2008 .
The record attempt was part of GWR Day 2008 .
30 .
Greatest distance cycled in 24 hours ( unpaced )
The greatest distance cycled solo and unpaced in 24 hours is 890.2 km ( 553.14 miles ) and was achieved by Marko Baloh of Slovenia at Lenart , Slovenia , on Sept. 6 - 7 , 2008 .
31 . Longest beard
The beard of Sarwan Singh of Canada measured 2.33 meters ( 7 feet , 8 inches ) from the end of his chin to the tip of the beard , as of Nov. 11 , 2008 .
32 . Most eggs crushed with head in one minute
Ashrita Furman crushed 80 eggs with his head in one minute at the Panorama CafÃ© , Jamaica , New York City , on Dec. 10 , 2008 .
33 . Longest ears on a dog
The longest ears on a dog measured 34.9 centimeters ( 13.75 inches ) and 34.2 centmeters ( 13.5 inches ) for the right and left ears , respectively , on Sept. 29 , 2004 .
They belong to Tigger , a bloodhound who is owned by Bryan and Christina Flessner of St. Joseph , Ill .
34 . Heaviest weight pulled with eye sockets
The heaviest weight pulled with the eye sockets is 411.65 kilograms ( 907 pounds ) and was achieved by The Space Cowboy , aka Chayne Hultgren of Australia , on the set of “ Lo Show Dei Record ” in Milan , Italy , on April 25 , 2009 .
35 . Heaviest vehicle pulled over 100ft
The record for the heaviest vehicle pulled over a level 100 foot ( 30.48 meters ) course weighed 57,243 kilograms ( 126,200 pounds ) and was set by Rev. Kevin Fast of Canada on the “ Live with Regis & Kelly ” television show in New York City on Sept. 15 , 2008 .
36 . Largest hamburger commercially available
The largest commercially available hamburger is 74.75 kilograms ( 164.8 pounds ) and is available for $ 399 on the menu at Mallieâ€™s Sports Grill & Bar in Southgate , Mich . , as of Aug. 29 , 2008 .
37 . Hairiest man
Victor “ Larry ” Ramos Gomez , pictured , and Gabriel “ Danny ” Gomez ( both of Mexico ) are two of a family of 19 that spans five generations all suffering from the rare condition called Congenital Generalized Hypertrichosis , characterized by excessive facial and torso hair .
The women are covered with a light to medium coat of hair while the men of the family have thick hair on approximately 98 percent of their body , apart from their hands and feet .
38 . Farthest squirting milk from eye
Ilker Yilmaz of Turkey squirted milk from his eye a distance of 279.5 centimeters ( 9 feet , 2 inches ) at the Armada Hotel in Istanbul , Turkey , on Sept. 1 , 2004 .
39 .
Greatest altitude for a balloon skywalk
Mike Howard of the United Kingdom walked on a beam between two balloons at an altitude of 6,522 meters ( 21,400 feet ) near Yeovil , Somerset , U.K. , on Sept. 1 , 2004 .
The feat was videotaped for the “ Guinness World Records : 50 Years , 50 Records ” TV show .
40 . Heaviest apple
The heaviest apple weighed 1.849 kilograms ( 4 pounds , 1 ounce ) .
It was grown by Chisato Iwasaki at his apple farm in Hirosaki City , Japan , and was picked Oct. 24 , 2005 .
41 . Smallest and tallest living horses
As of July 7 , 2006 , the record for the smallest living horse was held by Thumbelina , a miniature sorrel brown mare who measures 44.5 centimeters ( 17.5 inches ) to the withers and is owned by Kay and Paul Goessling , who live on the Goose Creek Farm in St. Louis , Mo .
Radar , a Belgian draft horse , measured 19 hands , 3.5 inches ( 79.5 inches , 202 centimeters ) without shoes on July 27 , 2004 .
Radar is owned by Priefert Manufacturing Inc. of Mount Pleasant , Texas .
The two were brought together fora Guinness photo shoot Sept. 3 , 2006 .
Guinness World Records 2006 Credit : Richard Bradbury / Guinness World Records .
42 . Largest monster truck
Bigfoot 5 is 4.7 meters ( 15 feet , 6 inches ) tall with 3 - meter - tall ( 10 feet ) tires and weighs 17,236 kilograms ( 38,000 pounds ) .
It is one of a fleet of 17 Bigfoot trucks created by Bob Chandler of St. Louis , Mo. , and was built in the summer of 1986 .
Now permanently parked in St. Louis , it makes occasional exhibition appearances at local shows .
43 . World ’s smallest man , woman with the world ’s longest legs
He Pingping from Mongolia , the world ’s smallest man ( 74.61 centimeters ; 29.3 inches ) stands between the legs of Svetlana Pankratova from Russia , the woman with the world ’s longest legs .
Pankratova ’s legs are officially 51.9 inches long — nearly 4 feet 4 inches .
Note : Pingping , who won the record in 2008 , died in March 2010 from heart complications .
He was 21 years old .
Story
For worldâ€™s leggiest woman , romance is a tall order
Svetlana Pankratova is enjoying her celebrity as the woman certified by Guinness to have the worldâ€™s longest legs ( 4 - foot - 4 ) .
But it has its challenges : â€ œSome [ men ] donâ€™t like standing next to a woman that tall , â€ she said .
And finding dress pants ?
â€ œImpossible . ”
44 . Most people dancing Michael Jackson ’s ‘ Thriller ’
Michael Jackson impersonator Hector Jackson performs with thousands of people at the Monument of the Revolution in Mexico City on Aug. 29 , 2009 .
The Guinness World record of most people dancing Michael Jackson ’s “ Thriller ” is 13,597 .
45 . Farthest eyeball pop
Kim Goodman of the U.S. can pop her eyeballs to a protrusion of 11 millimeters ( 0.43 inch ) beyond her eye sockets .
Her eyes were measured on the set of the television show “ Guinness World Records : Primetime , ” in Los Angeles on June 13 , 1998 .
46 . Largest pie fight
Participants toss pies for the Worldâ€™s Largest Pie Fight in front of ABC Studios in New York , on Sept. 17 , 2009 , during â€ œLive with Regis & Kelly.â€ 
47 . Tallest man
The world ’s tallest man , Sultan Kosen of Turkey , is measured by Guinness Book of World Records ’ officials on Sept. 21 , 2009 .
Kosen towers over the rest of the world at an astounding 8 feet 1 inch
Story
Worldâ€™s tallest man : â€ ˜Iâ€™ve had difficult lifeâ€ ™
Turk Sultan Kosen , 27 , says he is ” proud and happy ” at being named the new Guinness record holder for tallest man , and human , in the world .
â€ œUp until now , Iâ€™ve really had a difficult life , â€ said the 8 - foot - 1 - inch man , whose height was caused by a pituitary condition .
â€ œFrom now , Iâ€™m really going to have it a lot easier.â€ 
48 . Tallest dog
Gibson , a Great Dane , was the world ’s tallest dog .
He measured 107.18 centimeters from floor to shoulder and stood at 2.19 meters .
In this photo , Gibson is playing with with his friend , Zoie a 19.05 centimeter Chihuahua .
The tall California dog , who was battling bone cancer , passed away on Aug. 12 , 2009 .
Story
California dog dubbed tallest in world has died
Gibson , the California dog dubbed the tallest in the world by the Guinness Book of World Records , has died after a battle with bone cancer .
49 .
Deepest cycling underwater
The deepest cycling underwater is 66.5 meters ( 214 feet , 10 inches ) and was achieved by Vittorio Innocent in Santa Margherita Ligure , Liguria , Italy , on July 21 , 2008 .
50 .
The most tattooed senior citizen
The most tattooed senior citizen is Isobel Varley , who covered 93 percent of her body with the ink art .
source : today.msn
Bruce Legge is on a mission to infiltrate the Detroit area ’s defense industry and report back to his iRobot overlords in Bedford , MA .
For a lone flesh - and - blood vanguard of a future invasion of metallic warriors , he ’s not doing too badly .
Legge is a card - carrying member of the Michigan Homeland Security Consortium and is planning events for the Great Lakes chapter of the Association for Unmanned Vehicle Systems International ( AUVSI ) .
It ’s all part of a “ hearts - and - minds ” strategy for iRobot ( NASDAQ : IRBT ) , which wants to become an integral part of the already established robotics landscape in Southeast Michigan .
But right now , Legge is still an army of one .
When I first spoke with Legge in July 2009 , he had just established the Troy , MI , office of iRobot and was getting ready to ink some military contracts and start hiring employees .
As of today , none of that has happened .
Why ?
Well , when we talked again in late February , he started to tell me why , and then stopped himself .
I asked whether it was one of those situations where he ’d have to shoot me if he told me .
No , nothing that “ top secret , ” the retired U.S. Navy submarine officer says .
The company is simply waiting for some government funding to come through .
Later , Legge indicated that the funding might come from the Recovery Act .
Meanwhile , there is still a great deal of ground - preparing for iRobot to do in the Detroit area .
In a region where once - thriving industrial robotics companies are either changing or dying , iRobot practically stands alone as one that has experience in both the mass consumer and defense markets .
That makes it one to watch , and perhaps emulate .
Robotics companies that once counted solely on the auto industry are learning , like many other auto suppliers , to diversify or die .
iRobot comes to Detroit already diversified .
We ’ve all heard of the Roomba , the company ’s robotic vacuum cleaner , which recently topped 5 million units sold .
For the consumer product , Massachusetts is as fine a home as any .
But for its “ government robot , ” Legge says , the Detroit area “ is where the customer is . ”
In 2007 , when the University of Michigan launched its Ground Robotics Reliability Center , Legge “ could really sense that the center of gravity was coming to this area for unmanned vehicles . ”
More recently the Robotic Systems Joint Progress Office ( RSJPO ) moved from Huntsville , AL , to the U.S. Army Tank - automotive & Armaments Command ( TACOM ) in Warren , MI , leaving little doubt that Southeast Michigan has become a key place to be for military robotics developers .
Legge worked for General Dynamics Land Systems in Sterling Heights , MI , for three years before coming to iRobot in 2009 .
“ I sensed a shift in the buying of the military more toward the unmanned systems , ” he says .
And , now especially , the increased hazards to U.S. and allied troops from deadly roadside Improvised Explosive Devices ( IEDs ) in Afghanistan have put unmanned robotic vehicles on the fast track , Legge says .
iRobot has sold 3,000 of its autonomous Packbots to the government and many are already deployed in war zones .
Grace Bochenek , director of the U.S. Army Tank Automotive Research , Development and Engineering Center ( TARDEC ) in Warren , MI , told me that the war in Afghanistan has changed the government ’s business model .
“ If you want to support the war fighters , our capability to insert new technology , the timeframe has to be a lot shorter than what we ’ve done in the past , ” Bochenek says .
“ Part of our strategy is partnering with the right people , whether they ’re in academia , industry , other government agencies . ”
And that is why iRobot chose Legge to lead the charge in Detroit .
He does not have a background in robotics .
But the career Navy man does know how to navigate the byzantine waters of government procurement , and how technology is actually used on the ground .
“ I just have a strong understanding of mission in the military and also how to best fill requirements , ” Legge says .
The iRobot advance man indicated that perhaps this summer , when federal and Michigan Economic Development Corporation ( MEDC ) grants come through , he ’ll get some company in his still - one - man Troy office .
But he has plenty to do when it comes to making sure iRobot is well positioned within the local robotics industry .
In his capacity at AUVSI , Legge is helping put together a June 22 - 24 workshop at the Troy Marriott on “ Autonomous Drive , Connected Vehicles and Robotics . ”
The goal is to bring together military , homeland security , and automotive developers and try to find ways to reduce costs of robotics .
“ We absolutely see this as an opportunity to bring together defense , automotive , and homeland security professionals under one roof working toward a common goal , ” Legge says .
As iRobot has done , one key could be to develop dual - use technology that can be used for civilian and military customers , Legge says .
Time was , sophisticated technologies were developed for the military first before it trickled down to the consumer market .
Now , through government partners like TARDEC in Warren , both markets are often pursued simultaneously .
iRobot is not in the automotive industry .
But Legge hinted that anything is possible if the company develops new dual - use sensor and robotics technologies for the army .
His company knows that “ success is in the masses . ”
It ’s a lesson that Detroit ’s old industrial robotics companies likely need to learn if they , too , are to survive .
I ’ll check back with iRobot this summer and see how things are going in Legge ’s mission to help troops survive overseas .
Trending on Xconomy
Whether you have been arrested or you are considering a divorce , it is important to have an experienced attorney who can protect your interests and achieve the best possible outcome .
Our firm is led by David G. Moore , a lawyer who has handled thousands of criminal law and family law cases .
( CNN ) --
A huge oil spill oozing toward the Gulf Coast on Thursday threatens hundreds of species of wildlife , some in their prime breeding season , environmental organizations said .
The Coast Guard said Wednesday that the amount of oil spilling from an underwater well after an oil rig explosion last week has increased to as many as 5,000 barrels of oil a day , or 210,000 gallons , five times more than what was originally believed .
Although efforts to minimize the damage are under way and options under consideration include asking the U.S. military for assistance , wildlife conservation groups say the oil could pose a " growing environmental disaster . "
" The terrible loss of 11 workers ( unaccounted for after the rig explosion ) may be just the beginning of this tragedy as the oil slick spreads toward sensitive coastal areas vital to birds and marine life and to all the communities that depend on them , " said Melanie Driscoll , director of bird conservation for the Louisiana Coastal Initiative , in a statement .
Coastal areas of Louisiana , Mississippi , Alabama and Florida could be at risk , the organization said .
Florida fisheries could be threatened , reports CNN affiliate WPLG
" For birds , the timing could not be worse ; they are breeding , nesting and especially vulnerable in many of the places where the oil could come ashore , " she said .
" The efforts to stop the oil before it reaches shore are heroic , but may not be enough .
We have to hope for the best , but prepare for the worst , including a true catastrophe for birds . "
" The best case is , the wind shifts and the oil does n't hit , " said Tom MacKenzie of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service .
" I 'm not real confident about that .
...
We 're doing everything we can to prevent it , but it could be a bad one . "
It 's not just birds that could be affected , although they are usually the first to feel the effects , said Gregory Bossart , chief veterinary officer for the Georgia Aquarium in Atlanta .
The birds are right at the surface , get covered in the oil and swallow it , causing liver and kidney problems .
" They need to be rescued and cleaned , " he said .
But the coastline of Louisiana , with its barrier islands and estuaries , " is a very unique ecosystem .
It 's very complex , " Bossart said .
Plankton found in the estuaries nourish organisms all the way up the food chain .
Crabs , mussels , oysters and shrimp feed on the plankton , he said .
Oil smothers the plankton , meaning they cannot eat .
Also , " the estuaries here are a nursery ground , literally a nursery ground , for the entire fish population in this area , " Bossart said .
River otters in the region eat mussels and other animals .
And " we know , in this area right now , that there are sperm whales .
There are dolphins right in the oil slick , " he said .
If an oil spill is small enough , animals can leave the area .
" Some of them can get away , " Bossart said .
" It 's totally dependent on the size of the slick , and this is huge . "
Exposure to the oil for a prolonged period of time can result in a toxic effect on the skin , and mammals can suffer lung damage or death after breathing it in , Bossart said .
" When the oil starts to settle , it 'll smother the oyster beds .
It 'll kill the oysters , " he said .
The Audubon Society , which is affiliated with the Louisiana Coastal Initiative , is recruiting volunteers in Florida and making its Center for Birds of Prey available for bird cleansing and rehabilitation .
Elsewhere , Audubon said it was gearing up to mobilize volunteers and provide assistance as the oil reaches land .
The spill also threatens the Louisiana and Mississippi fishing industry , as crab , oysters and shrimp along the coast could be affected , along with numerous species of fish .
Gulf shrimp are in their spawning season .
More than 400 species are threatened by the spill , the New Orleans Times - Picayune reported Thursday , citing the Louisiana Department of Wildlife and Fisheries .
" When you stop and begin considering everything that this could impact , it really is stunning , " Karen Foote , biologist administrator with the department , told the newspaper .
i Report : How is the oil spill affecting you ?
A handful of " Important Bird Areas " -- designated because of their value to bird species -- face immediate threat from the oil , the initiative said .
They include the Chandeleur Islands and Gulf Islands National Seashore areas in Louisiana and Mississippi , along with the Active Delta area in Louisiana , which includes Delta Island National Wildlife Refuge and the Pass - a - Loutre Wildlife Management Area .
Several species of birds are cause for special concern , the Louisiana Coastal Initiative said .
They include the brown pelican , the state bird of Louisiana , which nests on barrier islands and feeds near shore .
The brown pelican 's breeding season just began , according to the Initiative , and " many pairs are already incubating eggs . "
The species was taken off the federal endangered species list last year , but " their relatively low reproductive rate means any disruption to their breeding cycle could have serious effects on the population . "
More than 800 brown pelicans died when a smaller oil spill hit Louisiana 's Breton Island National Wildlife Refuge a few years ago , MacKenzie said .
Species of beach - nesting terns and gulls , beach - nesting shorebirds , large wading birds , marsh birds and ocean - dwelling birds are also at risk , along with migratory shorebirds and songbirds , the Initiative said .
The migratory songbirds move across the Gulf during a two - week period from late April to early May , for instance .
" The journey across 500 miles of open water strains their endurance to its limits , " the Initiative said .
" They depend on clear skies and healthy habitats on both sides of the Gulf in order to survive the journey . "
According to a 1998 study by Louisiana State University , more than 500 million birds fly over the Gulf and enter the United States along coastal areas in Louisiana and Texas each spring .
The barrier islands east of Louisiana 's Lake Pontchartrain have still not recovered from the blow dealt by Hurricane Katrina in 2005 , Bossart said , and a spill such as this one could seriously threaten their recovery .
" I think at this point it would be wrong to say it 's catastrophic , because it really has n't hit any area except out in the Gulf proper , " he said .
But " it 's certainly a very serious thing " that could pose a long - term environmental challenge .
Plans have been under way to protect wildlife since the spill was discovered , MacKenzie said .
" We know what we 're doing to try to protect those key assets .
... A lot of people are leaning forward in the foxhole to address this . "
April 22 , 2010
https://www.lewrockwell.com/podcast/146-peter-schiff-how-an-economy-grows-and-why-it-crashes/
Peter ’s newest book , soon to be available , is How An Economy Grows and Why It Crashes .
It is an extended and updated version of his father , Irwin Schiff ’s , original and humorous cartoon book , The Kingdom of Moltz .
Lew has always loved the book as an introduction to Austrian economics .
Peter ’s new version will expand to lampoon people like Obama and Bernanke .
Lew asks
Peter what is ahead for our economy .
Peter says there is no chance for a real recovery , and strikes out at the newest bubble – a government bubble .
Just what does that mean with $ 2 billion in new bonds looking for purchasers , while $ 2 - 3 trillion in older bonds are about to mature ?
Rockwell asks what the average guy should do .
Emigrate ?
And , is it true that the US forces citizens to pay to get rid of their citizenship status ?
What has been the government ’s role in increased college tuitions ?
The feds have really “ helped ” students by making it impossible to work your way through college .
Obama is making things worse , but the gold - plated debt university is not sustainable , and thank goodness .
Lew asks Peter about his political race in Connecticut .
Peter bemoans the enormity of our present size and scope of government and warns that the spending must cease .
We can and must reform – really reform .
More from Peter Schiff :
He wrote ( with Andrew Schiff ) a new book about to be released : How an Economy Grows and Why It Crashes .
He wrote ( with John Downes ) Crash Proof 2.0 : How to Profit From the Economic Collapse .
Listen to an audio clip from Peter Schiff on what has changed since the original “ Crash Proof ”
He wrote The Little Book of Bull Moves in Bear Markets : How to Keep Your Portfolio Up When the Market is Down .
He has an archive of LRC articles .
He previously appeared in podcast episodes :
This blog has moved to a new domain .
You can view this post here .
This is going to be another long post , so I ’m using the introduction as an overview again .
Introduction
This post is about understanding REST , the software architectural style behind the World Wide Web .
My Ph.D. research , which I ’ll write about some other time , pushed me on the road of REST and over the last year I ’ve been reading lots of research papers , lots of blogs , lots of mailing lists , lots of tweets , lots of videos , wikis , books and IRC transcripts on REST and I ’ve also recently started the This Week in REST wiki and blog .
In other words , I ’ve read almost everything I could find on REST .
So , in the first part of this post I ’ll write about several thoughts which stuck with me while researching REST :
REST is and will continue to be important – it ’s the foundation of the WWW and will be the foundation of its future stages and dimensions , like the Semantic Web and the Web of Things .
Understanding REST is hard – the material on REST is fragmented and there is no clearly defined and systematized terminology or formal models used in discussions .
We can and should fix the problem – there are enough motivated and smart people who can , through an open and collaborative process , create a better way of fully understanding REST .
In the second part of the post I ’ll add to the pile of scattered fragments on understanding RESTful systems and describe an abstract model of a simplified REST user - agent using finite state machines .
It ’s a very basic model but serves the purpose of showing that it is both possible and useful to develop such formal models .
I hope this post will motivate people involved and interested in REST to contribute to a process for improving the understanding of REST .
I was planing to write my thoughts as a paper for the First International Workshop on RESTful Design ( WS - REST 2010 ) but did n’t have enough time .
Nevertheless , I hope that people who are going to the workshop will talk about this issue .
I ’ll start a thread on the REST mailing list for following up on these ideas , so please comment there if you want to join the discussion ( EDIT : thread is here ) .
Representational State Transfer and why it ’s important
Although this post is about understanding the REpresentational State Transfer ( REST ) software architectural style , I ’m not going to write another REST introduction .
If you do n’t know anything about REST , start from the wikipedia article and go from there .
What ’s more important for this post is that REST is and will continue to be an essential part of the WWW .
First , through the Web ’s core technologies , REST is responsible for most of the good properties of the current Web as a large - scale network - based system .
Second , REST principles guide the development of both the next “ major ” generations of the Web , like the Semantic Web , the Web of Things and the Real - time Web , and the “ minor ” incremental changes of continuous evolution .
Whereas the Semantic Web is about exposing and interlinking data on the WWW , the Web of Things is about connecting and exposing every physical thing to it and the Real - time Web is about real - time access to that data and things .
Therefore , understanding the Web today , it ’s future evolution and the whole technology jungle on top is based on the understanding of REST .
Third , REST is important as a research subject on its own ( although some people think it is n’t EDIT : Subbu elaborated on this misunderstanding below in the comment section ) and will be analyzed and built upon to define new architectural styles .
Understanding REST
In my experience , understanding REST is far from easy .
Of course , not everyone needs to understand REST and different people may want or need to understand REST at different levels and depths .
However , despite it being a highly technical and academic concept not everyone should easily and fully grasp , I think it ’s hard even for people aimed at – computer scientists , software engineers and web architects .
After reading everything I could find on REST and the WWW , here are the problems I believe are responsible for this :
First , the REST master reference , Roy Fielding ’s doctoral dissertation ( and subsequent academic papers ) , is not completely suitable for fully understanding REST .
For a doctoral dissertation , it ’s severely lacks images explaining important concepts in the two key sections on REST .
However , I bet everyone knows the single image in those sections almost by heart from how much it ’s being repeated everywhere ( for those who do n’t , that ’s the image on the right ) .
The same could be said for the lack of ( formal ) models to describe specific properties , elements or views of REST , like HATEOAS .
It ’s as if the very clean and systematic approach of explaining software architecture and network - based architectural styles present in the first few chapters of his Ph.D. somehow vanished in those two sections .
I am aware that there are no formal models for defining architectural styles as a whole ( at least , there were n’t any then ) , but using models like state machines , Petri nets or process calculi to describe and explain parts of it would have definitely been of great benefit .
It ’s that absolute clarity of formal models that helps when you need to have a complete grasp of a concept .
Furthermore , since models are abstract methods for explaining specific problems , people only need to research the underlying model after which the specific use of the model is unambiguously clear .
And just to be clear , I think Roy ’s dissertation is overall well written and has had a big impact on both the academia and industry , and I very well know that making everyone on the planet happy with a research paper is idiotic ( looking for a good Ph.D. comics reference for this ) , but I still wish those two sections were a bit more thorough and polished .
Second , since Roy ’s dissertation does n’t have clear answers for all questions , people start discussions over understanding specific parts of REST all over the Web .
Relevant discussions are scattered over many mailing lists , blogs , Twitter accounts , wikis , academic papers , videos and even IRC transcripts ( see the introduction for links to some of these ) .
More often than not these discussion are not focused on REST per se , but on anything related to the Web , various specifics concerning current and future standards and so on .
And even more often , the discussions unnecessarily repeat previous discussions probably because the authors are unaware that the same discussion exists elsewhere or it ’s that those are too difficult to search for .
For example , the HATEOAS constraint is getting a lot of attention everywhere .
So there ’s lots of unorganized , scattered , duplicated and mutually disconnected fragments on REST and it ’s unclear where and how to find the ones that answer your questions .
No , Googling wo n’t help as often as you ’d like , no , a series of unrelated articles piled up together wo n’t either ( though Mike Amundsen ’s tweets often will ) , and yes , a - big - unorganized - mess is kind of the point of the Web in general , however it ’s not the optimal methodology for systematizing knowledge in a way required for understanding complex concepts like REST .
Third , these fragments on REST often use mutually different terminology , same terminology with different meaning or terminology which is not explicitly defined .
My favorite example is the word “ state ” which is overloaded with unexplained and overlapping meaning .
“ Resource state ” , “ session state ” , “ control state ” , “ client state ” , “ server state ” , “ application state ” , “ transaction state ” , “ steady state ” and “ transient state ” are some of the terms used and it is not completely clear what some of those mean , how they are related and which REST elements use , change and transfer them and when .
For example , what is client state ?
Is it something related to the client connector type ?
Is it something stored on the client component ?
If so , then why is it not called user agent state ?
Is client state a union of session and application state ?
Or is application state a synonym for session state ?
Which states does a steady state relate to – client , session or application ?
Which entities may change session state and when ?
Yes , some of these concepts are completely clear , but some are not and different people use them with different meaning .
Still , the most entertaining situations are the ones in which people write only “ state ” and then you have to figure out which state they are referring to .
Yeah , good luck .
And there are other both simple and complex examples , from stating that REST methods are to be executed over representations instead of resources and discussing if ATOM is RESTful or not to explaining just what is an application in terms of REST .
Lastly , similar to Roy ’s dissertation , these discussion rarely use diagrams or formal models to explain anything .
These problems confuse people trying to learn REST on a basic level and make it hard to discuss REST on deeper levels .
What we should do about it
Now , I ’m not implying that these problems will cause the apocalypse if we do n’t solve them , but I ’d sure like it if they go away ( and lots of other people would also ) .
So here are my suggestions :
First , a mess is still better than nothing .
Everyone should at least continue with thinking , writing and talking about REST and create more fragments .
Chances are that those fragments will help a fair amount of people interested in REST .
I definitely learned a lot from reading excellent blogs , tweets , papers and mailing list posts ( Ryan ’s explanation of REST to his wife is especially entertaining , besides educational ) .
Second , I think this problem can and should be solved collaboratively and openly , not by single person ( not even Roy Fielding ) or as just another academic paper .
If there ’s going to be agreement over terminology , it ’s meaning , models , and other ways of making understanding REST easier , this agreement must be backed by people who have relevant REST experience and must be open to comments from everyone else .
Furthermore , untangling the mess will require a lot of work .
So , in my opinion , the REST community ( whatever that is ) should :
Agree that there is a problem worth fixing – do we think that we can create a better , clearer and more systematized way of understanding and discussing about REST ?
Express interest in fixing it – is this something people want to contribute their time to ?
Agree on how to fix it – what should be our output ( a RESTopedia , a document , video tutorials ) and how would we all contribute to and moderate the process ?
Do it – spend time discussing and developing the output .
Eat our dogfood – use whatever we produce .
If we do n’t use the terminology and models we agree upon , the the mess has only gotten bigger .
There are more than enough smart and motivated people with different backgrounds and experience with REST and RESTful HTTP to make this happen and it would have a big impact if done ( even more if done right ) .
I myself am not sure what the best output would be and how to achieve it , but would like it to be a hypermedia document available freely on the WWW , contain a systematized intersection of terminology , images , models and rationale that everyone agrees upon and focus on REST , using HTTP / URI / HTML only for examples ( not the other way around ) .
Formal models for REST – a FSM model of a simplified RESTful user - agent
First off , developing useful formal models for understanding architectural styles is n’t easy since architectural styles are named sets of constraints commonly defined using natural language , rarely using formalisms .
Also , models of REST concepts should include as many other REST concepts as possible – e.g. a model of HATEOAS should somehow clear up how application state , representations , methods , resources , steady states , transient states and other concepts all play their role in HATEOAS .
It ’s not easy to model this in a clear and simple way .
Nevertheless , these kinds of models are especially important since they connect rather than disperse concepts .
Mike Amundsen ’s and Jan Algermissen ’s poking at REST steady states was very thought - provoking for me – excerpts pointing at something often ignored when discussing REST , but could be formally defined .
This led me to try to model REST user - agents using some kind of a state machine .
I soon found out there are lots of interesting papers on modeling hypermedia applications in general and even more blogs on modeling REST user - agents using some kind of state machine formalism ( FSMs , statecharts , Petri nets or something else ) .
Here are some of my thoughts after reading these papers and blogs :
Most often , models are based on the “ each page is a state and each link is a state transition ” analogy .
This is confusing and wrong for two reasons .
First , it ’s confusing since resource identifiers ( e.g. URIs ) are used to somehow address states of the application ( e.g. an URI addresses a page which is mapped to a state ) and state transitions ( e.g. an URI is a link to a state which is mapped to a transition ) .
In REST , resource identifiers are neither the single thing determining the state ( e.g. two clients can perform the same GET request on a resource and get different representations which determine state ) nor the single thing determining the transition between states ( e.g. one client can perform a GET on a resource , the other could perform a PUT ) .
Roy ’s thesis defines what constitutes application state and thus when the state changes : “ An application ’s state is therefore defined by its pending requests , the topology of connected components , the active requests on those connectors , the data flow of representations in response to those requests , and the processing of those representations as they are received by the user agent . ”
Second , models often ignore some REST concepts like steady and transient states and are therefore useful only for understanding REST up to a certain level .
State machines models are extremely simple to understand and a powerful tool for modeling .
For example , state machines can also be used for model checking using temporal logic ( e.g. check that from any state there is a link to the home page ) .
That ’s why I really like Stu Charlton ’s recent post on RESTful user - agents which identifies different types of state machines involved in user - agent operation .
Stu nailed most of the things I wanted to write about , but nevertheless – below is my first attempt at a simplified finite state machine ( FSM ) model of RESTful user - agents .
I wo n’t go into explaining FSMs in detail , so just check the Wikipedia article if you do n’t know what FSMs are .
I ’ll concentrate on recognizer - type finite state machines – specifically , nondeterministic FSMs ( NFAs ) .
NFAs are mathematically defined as a quintuple ( Σ , S , s 0 , δ , F ) , where
Σ is the input alphabet ( a finite , non-empty set of symbols ) .
is the input ( a finite , non-empty set of symbols ) .
S is a finite , non-empty set of states .
is a finite , non-empty set of states .
s 0 is an initial state , an element of S .
is an initial state , an element of .
δ is the state - transition function : δ : S x Σ → P( S ) where P ( S ) the power set S .
is the state - transition function : δ : S x Σ → P( S ) where P ( S ) the power set S. F is the set of final states , a subset of S .
The operation of an NFA automaton , as state machines are sometimes called , is described as follows .
The NFA starts from the initial state and then sequentially reads one input symbol at a time each time applying the state - transition function to transfer itself to the next state .
After all input symbols have been processed in this way , the NFA stops and outputs “ true ” if the last state is in the set of final states , or “ false ” otherwise .
Notice that it is not defined how input symbols are generated , just that there is a sequence of them being fed to the automaton .
Also notice that NFAs can nondeterministically transfer to a set of states at some point .
This nondeterminism is important but also confusing – how can the automaton be at more than a single state ?
Well , although the formal definition indicates that the automaton is in a set of states , the practical and useful meaning is that the automaton may be at any single state from that set – we do n’t know which one in advance , it can be any single one .
In other words , a single state from the set will be chosen in some way e.g. using probabilities .
This iterative process of automaton operation can be modeled as a system :
CurrentState = s 0 while there are more input symbols to process : InputSymbol = GetNextInput ( ) CurrentState = TransitionFunction ( InputSymbol , CurrentState )
Here , CurrentState is a component that stores the current state of the automaton , InputSymbol is a component that stores the current input symbol ( element from the input alphabet ) , GetNextInput is a component that provides the next input symbol and writes it to the InputSymbol component and TransitionFunction is a component that computes the state transition function and writes the new state to the CurrentState component .
Notice that the GetNextInput component does n’t take any input in this description .
This is not entirely true , of course – the operation of the component that generates input symbols is out of scope of formal automaton definition , the component may generate input symbols based on whatever it wants .
So , I ’ll expand the system to include the CurrentState as an input to the GetNextInput component ( since there is nothing else in the model to include ) :
CurrentState = s 0 while there are more input symbols to process : InputSymbol = GetNextInput ( CurrentState ) CurrentState = TransitionFunction ( InputSymbol , CurrentState )
Now the interesting part – mapping properties of RESTful user - agents to this NFA model .
As I wrote before , this is a simplified first - draft - quality model , not everything that should be included is included and thus the model may change when more details do get included .
First I ’ll try to explain the mapping in a general way , not on a specific RESTful system , and after that I ’ll give a concrete example :
The input alphabet ( set of input symbols generated by the GetNextInput component and stored in the InputSymbol component ) are REST requests .
Since a REST requests is defined by a resource identifier , method to be performed on the resource , metadata and a possible representation , the input alphabet is the set of all possible ( syntactically ) well - formed REST requests .
This is why the resource identifier is not the only thing representing a transition – a single transition from a specific state is defined by all elements of a REST request , only one of which is the resource identifier .
Therefore , there may be multiple transitions from a specific state and a specific destination resource identifier .
( set of input symbols generated by the GetNextInput component and stored in the InputSymbol component ) are REST requests .
Since a REST requests is defined by a resource identifier , method to be performed on the resource , metadata and a possible representation , the input alphabet is the set of all possible ( syntactically ) well - formed REST requests .
This is why the resource identifier is not the only thing representing a transition – a single transition from a specific state is defined by all elements of a REST request , only one of which is the resource identifier .
Therefore , there may be multiple transitions from a specific state and a specific destination resource identifier .
The state transition function , implemented in the TransitionFunction component , is the cumulative processing of REST requests .
This process is performed by user - agents , intermediaries and origin servers , and the result is a REST response containing metadata and a representation of the resource identified in the related REST request .
Here ’s the most important part – since the user - agent does n’t know what the response to a request will be and since the origin server may return different REST responses for the same REST request – this processing must be modeled as nondeterministic .
In other words , the result of the transition function is a set of all possible REST responses which may be returned for a given REST request .
As I explained earlier when demystifying nondeterminism , the origin server will in fact return a single response but since we do n’t know which one – this is modeled as a set of possible responses .
Also , the metadata ( media type ) of the response defines if the state is steady or not by specifying which of the resources linked to from the response representation should also be requested .
If the state is not steady , more requests should be sent for those resources .
If the input symbol is a REST request for a resource for which there is no link in the current state then the transition function returns an empty set .
The same happens if the system is not in a steady state and the input symbol is a REST request not in the set of pending requests .
The current state , stored in the CurrentState component , is a set of REST responses and pending REST requests .
The current state is considered a steady state if there are no pending requests , otherwise it ’s considered a transient state .
The initial state of the user - agent is steady and may contain a predefined representation with links to bootstrap the operation of the user - agent .
, stored in the CurrentState component , is a set of REST responses and pending REST requests .
The current state is considered a steady state if there are no pending requests , otherwise it ’s considered a transient state .
of the user - agent is steady and may contain a predefined representation with links to bootstrap the operation of the user - agent .
The only thing left is to define how the user - agent chooses transitions – the next REST request for the current state .
This is the role of the GetNextInput component which implements both application - and hypermedia - level logic .
The application - level logic is in charge of generating input symbols in case the current state is steady , or in other words , it chooses then next step for achieving the overall application goal .
The application - level logic may be a software program or a program that delegates this responsibility to a human user .
The hypermedia - level logic is in charge of generating input symbols in case the current state is transient , or in other words , it chooses which of the pending REST requests will be processed next .
To satisfy the HATEOAS constraint , both the application - and hypermedia- level logic generate REST requests with resource identifiers linked to from the current state .
Or mathematically ( without all the detailed explanations ) :
Σ = { R | R is a valid REST request consisting of a resource identifier , method , metadata and representation }
= { R | R is a valid REST request consisting of a resource identifier , method , metadata and representation } S = { { G } | G is a valid REST response consisting of metadata and a representation or a pending REST request }
= { { G } | G is a valid REST response consisting of metadata and a representation or a pending REST request } s 0 = initial representation containing links to bootstrap the operation of the user agent
= initial representation containing links to bootstrap the operation of the user agent δ : S x Σ → P( S ) where P ( S ) the power set of S .
F = { Z | Z ∈ S and Z is a steady state }
The operation of the automaton can be described as follows .
The automaton starts from the initial steady state containing links for bootstrapping the application .
Each time the automaton is in a steady state , the application level logic generates the next input symbol ( request ) based on the links in the current state representations and the overall application goal .
The request and the current state are used by the processing infrastructure ( user- agent , intermediaries , origin server ) to generate a response .
Notice here that the current state ( representation already on the client ) need not be sent to the server , it may be used on the user - agent for processing ( e.g. to determine if the request is for a resource linked to from the current state or not ) while only the input symbol ( the request ) is sent over the network .
The result of the processing is the new state of the user - agent .
The new state may either be steady or transient , based on the representation received in the response and it ’s metadata ( media type ) .
If the state is transient , the hypermedia - level logic automatically chooses requests for fetching other resources in order to bring the user - agent into a steady state so that application - level logic can take over .
Now an example – applying this model to a specific RESTful system , which will of course be a simple web application shown above .
The purpose of the web application is to simulate coin tossing .
It has two web pages , Main.html and Cointoss.html .
The Main. html page contains only a single link to the Cointoss . html page and nothing else .
The Cointoss . html page has a link back to the Main. html page and a single image .
Since the web application simulates coin tossing , which is nondeterministic , the image which gets included into the Cointoss .
html is chosen randomly by the server and is either the heads.png image or the tails.png image .
The input symbols of the resulting automaton are requests for fetching application resources – the html pages and the images .
The states of the resulting automaton are both steady states representing a complete page load or transient states representing partial page loads .
Therefore , the Main. html page is represented by only a steady state since it only contains a link to Cointoss . html , while the Cointoss . html page is represented by both a transient state and a steady state since it contains an image which must be fetched after the initial page .
Let ’s assume that the initial state contains a single link to the Main . html page .
The transition function of the resulting automaton defines which responses the processing infrastructure returns for each state and requests .
Therefore , if the user - agent requests a page or image , the server returns the requested page or image .
However , if the user - agent is requesting the Cointoss . html page – it is n’t known in advance what the server will return ( heads or tails ) , so we need a nondeterministic transition into two possible states .
Lastly , steady states define the set of acceptable states .
And here ’s the formal automaton definition for the explanation above :
Σ = { R1 , R2 , R3 , R4 } , where R1 is a request for fetching Main. html , R2 is a request for fetching Cointoss.html , and R3 and R4 are requests for fetching the heads.png and tails.png images .
For simplicity , let ’s say these are the only input symbols the user - agent may generate , but in general – it may generate other syntactically valid requests .
= { R1 , R2 , R3 , R4 } , where R1 is a request for fetching Main. html , R2 is a request for fetching Cointoss.html , and R3 and R4 are requests for fetching the heads.png and tails.png images .
For simplicity , let ’s say these are the only input symbols the user - agent may generate , but in general – it may generate other syntactically valid requests .
S = { S1 , S2 , S3 , S4 , S5 , S6} , where S1 is the initial state containing a link to Main. html , S2 is the state after receiving the Main . html page , S3 is the state after receiving the Cointoss .
html page which has a link to the heads.png image which has n’t been fetched yet , S4 is the state after receiving responses to both the Cointoss .
html page and heads.png , S5 is the state after receiving the Cointoss . html page which has a link to the tails.png image which has n’t been fetched yet and S6 is the state after receiving responses to both the Cointoss .
html page and tails.png .
= { S1 , S2 , S3 , S4 , S5 , S6} , where S1 is the initial state containing a link to Main. html , S2 is the state after receiving the Main . html page , S3 is the state after receiving the Cointoss .
html page which has a link to the heads.png image which has n’t been fetched yet , S4 is the state after receiving responses to both the Cointoss .
html page and heads.png , S5 is the state after receiving the Cointoss . html page which has a link to the tails.png image which has n’t been fetched yet and S6 s 0 = S1 , since S1 is the initial state .
= S1 , since S1 is the initial state .
The transition function is defined for each pair of automaton state and input symbol : δ( S1 , R1 ) = S2 , δ( S2 , R2 ) = { S3 , S5} , δ( S3 , R3 ) = S4 , δ( S4 , R1 ) = S2 , δ( S5 , R4 ) = S6 , δ( S6 , R1 ) = S2 .
For other pairs of state and input symbol the function returns an empty set { } since there are no other links for those pages ( states ) to resources identified in those requests ( input symbols ) .
F = { S1 , S2 , S4 , S6 } , since those states are steady .
And here ’s the equivalent state diagram visualization of the automaton :
For such a model , we could generate a random sequence of input symbols and check if the automaton will end up in a steady state or not .
You can do this for homework :) .
Conclusion
( EDIT : inserted a few sentences to make this a real conclusion )
That ’s about it .
All - in - all , I think REST is an important concept for the WWW and that more work should be done to explain it fully and concisely .
After that , we can simplify the models to reflect the most important properties , but simplifying before understanding leads to ignorance and misunderstanding in discussions .
If you have ideas or comments about systematizing knowledge , terminology and models for REST or developing formal models for REST – let me know .
@izuzak
To Be or Not to Be ?
More people die of suicide in King County than from traffic accidents or murder , but no one likes to talk about it .
A few words about the history , meaning , and practice of suicide , from third - century Christian death cults to the Aurora Bridge .
More than 230 people have leaped from it — over the past decade , an average of one person every three months .
This spring , the state will install a mile of suicide fencing on either side .
If you or someone you know is considering suicide , call the King County Crisis Clinic at 461-3222 or 866-4CRISIS .
samuel bosma
Last summer , a University of Washington parking - lot attendant hanged himself from the side of a campus garage while setting himself on fire .
The flames burned through the cord , dropping him into the alley below , where he died of two simultaneous causes — burning and falling .
The same day somewhere else in King County , a man who'd hanged himself in his bathroom nine years earlier finally succumbed to anoxic encephalopathy and died : a time - delayed suicide .
Two days after that , a 65 - year - old woman took an overdose of prescription pills and drowned herself in Lake Washington .
Two days after that , a 66 - year - old man overdosed on sedatives , antidepressants , and alcohol in his kitchen in Kent .
One week and six King County suicides later ( three shootings , two hangings , and one asphyxiation by plastic bag ) , another Kent sexagenarian killed himself by cutting his feet and legs with a knife .
He died , according to the King County medical examiner 's report , of " exsanguination , " the simple act of diverting a few ounces of blood from the inside of his body to the outside — an act that most people are reluctant to discuss .
( That same month , another King County man exsanguinated himself by cutting his kidney dialysis catheter with scissors .
The dialysis machine pumped blood out of his body and onto the floor . )
" ' Tis impious , says the old Roman superstition , to divert rivers from their course , " David Hume wrote in a rare ( and exasperated ) defense of suicide in 1755 .
People think that God is terribly angry at those us of who kill ourselves , he argued , because people are egotists : " The life of a man is of no greater importance to the universe than that of an oyster . "
" It would be no crime in me to divert the Nile or Danube from its course , " he fumed .
" Where then is the crime of turning a few ounces of blood from their natural channel ?
Do you imagine that I repine at Providence or curse my creation , because I go out of life , and put a period to a being , which , were it to continue , would render me miserable ? "
We have n't come close to answering the question .
A total of 13,339 people died in King County in 2008 .
( The data for 2009 has n't been tabulated yet . )
Sixteen percent of them — 2,121 people — became cases for the county Medical Examiner 's Office : 85 were murdered , 163 died in traffic accidents , and 210 committed suicide .
Of the suicides , 93 shot themselves .
( In the same year , there were 45 gun-related murders :
If you 're going to die by gunfire in these parts , you 'll most likely be pulling the trigger . )
Forty - eight hanged themselves .
Twenty - nine took drugs or poison .
Thirteen died from jumping , eight from asphyxia , five from cutting or stabbing , four from carbon - monoxide poisoning , three from drowning , another three from self - immolation , and four from " other . "
I asked Joe Frisino — who has been investigating deaths for the Medical Examiner 's Office , by his own reckoning , " for longer 'n you 've been alive " — what counts as " other . "
" I 've seen people put tape over their mouths , seen people drown themselves in a barrel of water , and some people jump into machinery , " he said .
" Sometimes people really want to hurt themselves or hurt the person who they think is at fault .
Sometimes you see suicide notes that say , ' Well , this 'll show you . '
Of course , nobody shows anybody anything , because they 're dead . "
During his years at the Medical Examiner 's Office , Frisino has become something of a scholar of suicide .
" Even if a case is reported as a suicide by the police department , we go in with an open mind , " he said .
" We see far more deceased folks than any police officer on the beat . "
He has learned that people who live on houseboats near the Aurora Bridge can recognize the sound of a body splashing into Lake Union .
He has learned that the sooner he interviews a bereaved family , the more accurate the information will be , because they have n't had time to consult a lawyer or an insurance agent .
And he 's learned how to tell whether a hanging was a suicide or an erotic accident .
" Look at the joist or whatever they 've hung themselves on , " he said .
" If there are many notches in the wood , you 've got yourself an autoerotic asphyxiation .
Also , those people tend to put a towel around the rope , because if you go to work with lots of lines across your neck " — Frisino drew a forefinger across his throat and grinned — " people might ask : ' You wearing your tie a little tight these days , buddy ? ' "
Hanging is the most popular method of self - slaughter in the world and the second most popular in the United States , after firearms .
( It 's also the most common suicide method among U.S. children : Last December , a 6 - year - old girl in McMinnville , Oregon , became one of the youngest suicides in American history by tying a corduroy belt around her neck and hanging herself from the top railing of a crib . )
People figured out how to weave and plait about 10,000 years ago and probably started hanging themselves shortly after .
The anthology African Homicide and Suicide , a collection of studies compiled in 1960 but still considered definitive for its subject matter , reports that 90 percent of the suicides in premodern Africa were by hanging from rafters or tree branches .
Among the Basoga in Uganda , the rate is as high as 96 percent , even when knives and cliffs are readily available .
It 's also one of the easiest methods :
It takes only seven or eight pounds of tension on a cord to block the carotid artery in your neck .
Meaning you can hang yourself while kneeling .
Many prison " hangings " are really just prison " leanings forward . "
The world 's most popular jump site is said to be Mount Mihara , a volcano on an island near Tokyo where a person can leap off the rim and directly into the lava .
Though the numbers are difficult to verify , over 600 people reportedly killed themselves by jumping into its crater in 1936 alone .
The most popular jump site in the United States is the Golden Gate Bridge in San Francisco , a suicide magnet for people all over the country .
( Reports from the University of California show that many people travel across the San Francisco - Oakland Bay Bridge to jump off the Golden Gate Bridge , though the two structures are approximately the same height .
There is no record of anyone doing it the other way around . )
The second most popular jump site in the United States is the Aurora Bridge , between Fremont and Queen Anne .
More than 230 people have leaped from the Aurora Bridge — the first was a shoe salesman who jumped in 1932 , before the bridge was even open — and roughly 15 percent survive .
In the two or three seconds it takes to fall those 164 feet , a 160 - pound person can reach speeds of 55 miles per hour .
One person who survived a jump in 1980 and was later profiled by the Seattle Post - Intelligencer lost two inches in height from her injuries .
Some jump into Lake Union and others jump onto the adjacent parking lot of Adobe Systems .
( A few years ago , after a 15 - year - old girl jumped onto the parking lot , her friends painted a big heart to mark the spot where her body fell . )
On average , one person jumps off the bridge every three months .
But this spring , the Washington State Department of Transportation ( WSDOT ) will erect more than a mile of suicide fencing on either side of the bridge .
The project comes after years of debate pitting concerns about construction noise and fence aesthetics against the danger of bodies plummeting from the sky and landing on houseboats , cars , or passersby .
On a sunny , windy day in April , I stood on the bridge with WSDOT engineer Aleta Borschowa and inspector Sam Al Mallah , all of us wearing hard hats and orange safety vests , talking about the logistics of the project : how the builders will x-ray the old bridge to make sure they 're not drilling into critical rebar , how they 'll rig a system so they only have to shut down one sidewalk at a time , how they 'll establish phone boxes allowing people in wheelchairs ( who ca n't take the stairs to cross from the closed sidewalk to the open one ) to call for a quick ride to the other end of the bridge .
" You got to think of all these things , " Al Mallah says .
" We 'll have mesh nets beneath the bridge , so if a worker drops a wrench or something , it wo n't hurt anybody below . "
Jamie Holter , a spokesperson for WSDOT , stood on the bridge with us , also wearing a hard hat and orange safety vest .
She said the project will cost $ 4.6 million , down from its original , prerecession budget of $ 8.1 million .
I mentioned a 1995 study I 'd just read about the economic cost of killing oneself :
The direct cost of an attempted suicide — hospital fees , autopsy and investigation costs — is $ 5,310 .
The direct cost of a completed suicide is $ 2,098 .
" Did the state do any kind of cost - benefit analysis to figure out when the barrier would start paying for itself ? " I asked .
" Uh ... no , " Holter answered .
" I do n't think the state calculated the value of a human life . "
Then she told me a story .
" When I was 22 , I was working as a waitress in Santa Monica .
I remember walking with two bowls of French onion soup and seeing a man fall past the window — and I just dropped the bowls of soup , right there .
It shocked me .
He 'd jumped off the roof and killed himself .
I ran to the window .
You think that a jumper would be like the cartoons , all splattered and gory and bloody .
But he was just lying there , normal .
And then this great puddle of blood began to drain out of him — I threw up right there , on the floor .
It 's a traumatic thing to see someone die .
I 'll never forget it . "
When we were done talking , Borschowa , Al Mallah , and Holter took my hard hat and orange vest and drove away , leaving me to walk up and down the bridge a few times .
I leaned over the edge for a while , looking at the puckers of gray - green waves below , trying to imagine jumping .
For just a flash , it did n't seem so bad — a fast , exhilarating fall with nothing on the other side .
No having to hike back home .
No having to worry about the people I love .
No rent to pay , no clothes to wash , no having to get down to the work of writing this story .
No nothing .
A 2005 article in Psychiatric News says some jumpers are n't necessarily depressed or chronic suicide attempters — sometimes people are simply overwhelmed by a sudden desire to leap — and that thwarted jumpers rarely go on to kill themselves in other ways .
One researcher followed the lives of 515 people who were pulled from the Golden Gate Bridge : After an average of 26 years each , 94 percent were either still living or had died of natural causes .
Another study , of the Duke Ellington Bridge in Washington , D.C. , showed that its suicide fence caused no increase in suicides at the Taft Bridge , which has no fence and is only one block away .
It 's difficult to say why some places become suicide magnets .
Hundreds have committed suicide from the Aurora Bridge , but only three suicides have jumped from the Space Needle ( all in the 1970s , before suicide barriers were installed ) .
Over 360 people are said to have jumped from the Eiffel Tower — including one possibly apocryphal young woman who landed on the roof of a car , survived , and later married the car 's owner — though the rates declined after the installation of a suicide fence .
The Empire State Building continues to draw people despite its guards and suicide barriers : Cameron Dabaghi , the Yale student who leaped from the Empire State Building two months ago , ignored the pleas of other people on the observation deck , took a running start to clear a safety barrier , and somehow got over a 10 - foot - high spiked fence — police still are n't sure how .
In 1996 , a young police officer named Kevin Grossman was called out to the Ravenna Bridge in the University District where a man was threatening to jump .
Grossman had joined the Seattle Police Department only months before .
" I just did n't know what to say to this guy , " he recollected the other day .
" He would n't talk , he would n't respond , I did n't have any experience . "
The man jumped and died .
Officer Grossman went through the man 's wallet and found an ID : His given address was the Western State mental institution .
" I thought , ' Wow , ' " he said .
" You can't help but blame yourself a little bit — there 's got to be something else we can do to get officers out there who can even recognize the symptoms and try to help these people . "
He joined the Crisis Intervention Team , a group of several hundred officers who elect for special crisis training , in 1998 .
Seven years later , he attended the FBI negotiator school and joined the hostage - negotiation team .
" The title is so sexy , " he explained , " but almost all of what we do is suicide intervention " — talking to people who are , in a sense , holding themselves hostage .
Many of the strategies might seem like common sense , he says , but " conversation is a lost art . "
Whether he 's talking to people threatening to kill hostages or threatening to kill themselves , Grossman uses active listening , empathy , and patience ( " Traffic may be diverted or you inconvenience people , and that sucks , but you may end up not having to shoot someone " ) , and tries to help them identify something worth living for .
Grossman calls that " the hook . "
" People in crisis focus on the crisis , " he said .
" It 's tunnel vision , and you try to remind them of a relationship , a kid they adore , friends , something else that 's important .
I had one case where a guy , a veteran going through hard times , was threatening to jump from a parking garage .
I do n't know how , but we somehow got on the topic of ice cream .
I got him to promise me that if he got off the parking garage and got on a gurney , I 'd get him a pint of Ben & Jerry 's ice cream .
And I 'll be damned if he did n't come down and get on the gurney .
And I got him a pint of ice cream . "
In 2007 , Detective Grossman was awarded the Seattle Police Department 's Detective of the Year award .
The King County Crisis Clinic is the second oldest 24 - hour crisis line in the United States .
It was founded in 1964 by two married psychiatrists whose 12 - year - old daughter — Jill Marie Patten — was stabbed 14 times by a letter carrier a few blocks from her home .
( She survived . )
As the couple looked into her attacker 's past , they realized he was someone who had needed help and could n't get it .
The couple assembled a team of friends and colleagues to start a crisis hotline .
Since the first call , the phones have never been off .
" We get a fair number of suicide calls , " said Crisis Services director Michael Reading .
In 2009 , the clinic received 4,289 calls " with suicidal content " ( 507 of them from people under 18 ) and 52,158 other calls for other " emotional support . "
That 's 20 suicidal calls for every completed suicide in King County .
The clinic has over 140 volunteers , some of whom have been there for years .
The true - crime writer Ann Rule worked at the Crisis Clinic in the 1970s alongside Ted Bundy — her first book , The Stranger Beside Me , is about coming to the realization that her friend and former colleague was a serial killer .
" It 's a very intense subject and a very intense job , " said Gavin Turner , a soft - voiced Australian man who started at the clinic 15 months ago .
" You get the whole spectrum of human experience in that phone room . "
If a caller begins giving verbal cues about suicide , Turner explained , the best thing to do is ask them directly whether they 're thinking about killing themselves — and not to use euphemisms like " Are you thinking of taking your life ? "
" Some new volunteers might question this , " he said .
" They wonder if they 're planting the idea in someone 's mind .
But if you ask a direct question , you get a direct answer .
And there may be some relief from the caller , like ' Finally someone is asking me . '
In all the time I 've been working at the clinic , I 've never asked that question and had the person say no . "
When a caller says yes , the volunteer on the line raises his or her hand , and a mental - health professional ( there are always one or two on duty ) comes over to sit with the volunteer for emotional support .
The next step is to ascertain the caller 's immediate safety , to determine whether they have a gun or lethal medications in the house and whether they have an immediate plan to hurt themselves .
" We 're not counseling on the phone , " Turner said .
" We 're staying in the moment , dealing with what 's happening now .
For most people , it 's a momentary impulse — sometimes they just need someone to do some active listening , to have a genuine and honest conversation , or to just to sit with them .
You have to be okay with sitting in silence . "
Like Detective Grossman , the volunteer tries to help the caller identify something worth living for , something short - term to keep them going through the evening .
" It could be anything , " Turner said .
" From a relationship and the experience of being loved to the next episode of The Golden Girls .
We try to remind them of the basics of self - care — did you eat today ?
If it 's 2:00 a.m. , we might suggest they have a cup of tea , turn off the light , and lie down and breathe .
We ask people to make a verbal contract to stay safe this evening and ask what they 're going to do at the end of the call .
What 's your short - term plan to get you through the next few minutes ?
The next few hours ?
And so often , at the end of a call , people say , ' Thank you so much for listening . ' "
Joe Frisino , of the county Medical Examiner 's Office , said that sometime in the 1980s , his office partnered with the Crisis Clinic to get the names of the 40 highest - risk people who had called the clinic but had n't been heard from in a while .
( That study would be impossible today because of privacy laws — currently , all calls to the Crisis Clinic are anonymous . )
" The examiners went out to look for them , " Frisino says .
" And you know what ?
We only found one who had taken his life .
We were all surprised .
We thought there 'd be more . "
Dear Mom :
Let me tell you a few things you already know :
You 're ill with a disease that can't be cured and , barring a miracle , will probably end your life .
Like every person who has ever had a terminal disease — like all of us who will eventually be diagnosed with terminal diseases — you will probably face a difficult moment when you think about whether to end your own life or let the disease do the ending for you .
Since you follow the news , you also know that last year , Washington State voters approved an assisted - suicide law that allows you to make that choice legally — to take some short - acting barbiturates that will help you relax while slowing your heart and your breathing and usher you , calmly , to death .
Last year , 63 people in Washington State filled prescriptions for those barbiturates and 36 chose to take them .
You 're also a Christian , born and raised with old - time religion and the idea that if you choose to kill yourself , God will be really unhappy with you .
And you are the person who introduced me to Hamlet , dragging me along to see it so many times as a kid that I remember traipsing around the house asking , " To be or not to be ? " long before I understood that is the question .
As Hamlet puts it in the first of the play 's ( several ) suicidal speeches :
O , that this too too solid flesh would melt ,
Thaw and resolve itself into a dew !
Or that the Everlasting had not fix'd
His canon ' gainst self - slaughter !
O God , God ,
How weary , stale , flat , and unprofitable ,
Seem to me all the uses of this world !
Fie on't , ah fie !
' Tis an unweeded garden
That grows to seed ...
That line about the Everlasting fixing his canon against self - slaughter seemed absurd when I first figured out what it meant .
I 'd never thought of suicide as a sin .
It seemed more like eating the family goldfish or setting the sofa on fire — definitely a bad idea , but not something you 'd wind up in hell for .
Especially since the Everlasting that Hamlet is referring to is God , who sent " His only begotten son " to earth to die on purpose and free us all from sin .
Was n't the crucifix we stared at every Sunday the image of a God who committed altruistic suicide ?
Was n't that what all the fuss was about ?
So , Mom , let me tell you a few things you might not already know :
The Christian prohibition against suicide , as far as I can tell , is n't in the Bible .
It began centuries later with a polemic St. Augustine wrote against an early Christian sect that was overly fond of martyrdom .
Because Augustine did n't have much biblical evidence to muster against their suicidal tendencies , he resorted to pre-Christian philosophers ( mostly Aristotle ) to make his case for him .
The Christian arguments against suicide are largely borrowed from pagans .
And St. Thomas More — not just a theologian but a saint — makes an argument for rational , humane suicide for the terminally ill in Utopia .
Granted , Utopia is fiction , not theology .
But he did n't seem like he was kidding .
Despite what you might 've heard about lemmings and scorpions , people are the only animals that commit suicide .
The old Romans used to think that scorpions stung themselves to death when tortured with fire ( and a few grainy , sadistic YouTube videos have taken them up on the challenge , setting scorpions in skillets with flammable liquids and throwing in matches ) .
But in 1998 , three French biologists found that scorpions are highly resistant to their own venom .
They flail wildly when burned alive — who would n't ? — which might look like they 're trying to kill themselves , but they 're not .
And lemmings jumping off cliffs ?
That was a stunt staged by a Disney documentary crew in 1958 that got out of hand .
While filming the documentary White Wilderness in Alberta , Canada , the Disney crew wanted footage to illustrate the old story of lemmings jumping off cliffs into the Arctic Ocean — even though Alberta is landlocked and roughly one thousand miles from the Arctic Ocean .
So the film crew bought some lemmings from indigenous folks , shoved them off a lakeside cliff , and filmed the result .
Ancient Greek and Roman suicides were anomalous for their violence — 40 percent death by weapons , 18 percent by hanging , and 16 percent by jumping .
But those suicide rates are n't verifiable , and the myth of the noble suicide as a heroic act of militant will was part of ancient cultural mythology .
Cato the Younger , for example , having decided to kill himself ( because he did n't want to live in a world ruled by Julius Caesar ) , allegedly took a bath , had supper with his friends , went to bed , read Plato 's Phaedo a few times , then stabbed himself in the guts .
From Plutarch 's Lives :
His thrust , however , was somewhat feeble , owing to the inflammation in his hand , and so he did not at once dispatch himself , but in his death struggle fell from the couch and made a loud noise by overturning a geometrical abacus that stood near .
His servants heard the noise and cried out , and his son at once ran in , together with his friends .
They saw that he was smeared with blood , and that most of his bowels were protruding ... the physician went to him and tried to replace his bowels , which remained uninjured , and to sew up the wound .
Accordingly , when Cato recovered and became aware of this , he pushed the physician away , tore his bowels with his hands , rent the wound still more , and so died .
That is a classic noble suicide in the Western tradition — intentional , spectacular , principled .
Samson was another .
Robbed of his magical strength and enslaved by the Philistines , he asked God to grant him one last boost of power to shake an entire temple to the ground , taking 3,000 Philistines with him in a move that would 've impressed a 9/11 hijacker .
( One man 's evil Philistine is another man 's relative who happens to be in the wrong building at the wrong time . )
In both the Old Testament ( Judges 13:24 ) and the New Testament ( Hebrews 11:32 ) , God counts Samson among the blessed .
The Christian prohibition against suicide did n't really get going until St. Augustine and the ideological war he waged against heretical schisms , including the Donatists , a pack of fundamentalists who refused to recognize the spiritual authority of priests who'd renounced their faith during Roman persecutions .
While the rest of the early Church was more forgiving to those fair - weather Christians , the Donatists called them traditors , " people who handed over " sacred scriptures to the Romans to be burned .
( The word " traitor " comes from this root . )
There were too many fights , murders , and excommunications to describe here , but the Donatists had the idea that running into the arms of martyrdom was a good way to get to heaven .
According to the Catholic Encyclopedia , " they were especially fond of flinging themselves from precipices " and sometimes " sought death at the hands of others , either by paying men to kill them , by threatening to kill a passerby if he would not kill them , or by their violence inducing magistrates to have them executed . "
St. Augustine tore into the Donatists , arguing that suicide was an unpardonable sin , and leaned on Aristotle to make his point .
In the mid 1200s , St. Thomas Aquinas argued against suicide in his Summa Theologica , leaning heavily on Augustine , more Aristotle ( " The most fearsome evil of this life is death " ) , and the Old Testament book of Deuteronomy ( which explicitly prohibits shaving but only obliquely criticizes suicide — Aquinas cites passages about how killing is God 's prerogative : " I will kill and I will make live " ) .
Aquinas mentions the Samson problem , but never resolves it .
Later thinkers dabbled in suicide — one medieval Spanish theologian argued that if you were in a shipwreck and drowned because you let someone else take an unoccupied floating board , you were just being generous , but if you gave up a board you 'd already grabbed , you had committed a mortal sin— but nobody seriously questioned whether the Everlasting really had fixed his canon against self - slaughter until 1608 , when priest and poet John Donne ( " Death , be not proud ... " ) wrote his Biathanatos .
In Biathanatos , Donne only lightly touches on the central problem for Christians — whether Jesus Christ was a noble suicide .
Instead , Donne uses Samson as a less controversial stand - in for Christ .
In his exegesis of Biathanatos , Jorge Luis Borges distills Donne 's implied argument , which may have been too dangerous for anyone to explicitly make in Donne 's day :
For the Christian , the life and death of Christ are the central event in the history of the world ; the centuries before prepared for it , those after reflect it .
Before Adam was formed from the dust of the earth , before the firmament separated the waters from the waters , the Father knew that the Son was to die on the cross and , as the theater of this future death , created the heavens and the earth .
Christ died a voluntary death , Donne suggests , and this means that the elements and the terrestrial orb and the generations of mankind and Egypt and Rome and Babylon and Judah were extracted from nothingness in order to destroy him .
Perhaps iron was created for the nails , and thorns for the mock crown , and blood and water for the wound .
This baroque idea glimmers behind Biathanatos .
The idea of a god who creates the universe in order to create his own gallows .
Biathanatos was published after Donne 's death and was pretty much forgotten by everyone , save a few scholars .
I thought about you as I did this research , Mom , because if the moment comes when you have to choose between barbiturates and disease — one sabotaging your organs quickly and painlessly , the other sabotaging your organs more slowly and painfully — you should n't have to worry about whether you 're committing a sin .
Hamlet was wrong .
The Everlasting did not fix his canon against self - slaughter : Augustine did , for venial reasons that have little to do with God and nothing to do with you — he was just trying to get the attention of some crazy people in North Africa .
Many of the people I talked to in the course of working on this story encouraged me not to write it .
For most people , the subject is so taboo it 's hard to deal with — even among people who deal with suicide for a living .
Two Jesuit scholars , one from Seattle University , flatly refused to discuss the theology of suicide with me .
Jamie Holter at WSDOT had reservations about providing access to the Aurora Bridge engineers .
Sue Eastgard , a youth - suicide expert , urged me to be circumspect about describing details of suicide , saying : " We can argue about freedom of speech , but there is a danger in describing horrible images that inspire some of our more disturbed kids — suicide contagion is real . "
Wylie Tene , of the American Foundation of Suicide Prevention , also had some concerns about this story , particularly about how it would be illustrated .
In 2007 , Tene wrote a letter to The Stranger admonishing us for a joking mention of suicide in our annual regrets issue —
" The Stranger has little concern that their irresponsibility may lead to copycat suicide , " he wrote — so I thought I 'd call Tene to ask his opinion .
" An illustration of the bridge probably is n't the safest thing , " he said , when I described the drawing of a woman on the Aurora Bridge .
" Could the image just be of someone looking depressed , maybe crouching in a corner crying ?
Or maybe of the bridge with the suicide barriers in place , to give people the impression that the barriers are already up ?
The best image would probably be someone in a psychiatrist 's office getting some help . "
And Robb Miller of Compassion & Choices of Washington , who worked on the death - with - dignity campaign , asked me to withhold the names of the prescription barbiturates people take to end their lives .
He also objected when I used the phrase " assisted suicide , " saying that term was " loaded " and that his campaign " had put a lot of resources into " divorcing itself from the word suicide .
His people prefer the term " aid in dying . "
" Hell , that 's just mincing words , " my mom said when I told her about that conversation .
" If you 're going to say something , just say it . "
But even she urged me to be " very , very careful " while writing about Christianity and suicide .
" How are you going to feel if somebody kills himself because of your article ? "
There 's something to that .
In 1774 , Johann Wolfgang von Goethe published The Sorrows of Young Werther , a romantic novel about a sensitive , lovelorn young man who shoots himself .
Goethe later denounced the novel and the romantic movement in general , calling it " everything that is sick . "
But the damage was done : People loved it .
Napoleon carried a copy of Young Werther during his invasion of Egypt .
Mary Shelley wrote a scene in Frankenstein where the monster weeps as he reads it .
And Wertherfieber ( " Werther fever " ) became an 18th - century obsession , with young men imitating his clothing , his sighing romantic persona , and , allegedly , his death .
As it gathered a reputation for inspiring young suicides , Young Werther was banned in Leipzig , Copenhagen , and the whole of Italy .
Academics have argued about whether popular stories — especially newspaper stories about suicides — have a " Werther effect . "
In the 1980s , studies in Vienna showed that when newspaper stories about people jumping in front of subway trains were made less dramatic , subway suicide attempts dropped by more than 80 percent .
The overall suicide rate in Vienna dropped as well .
But studies in the U.S. and elsewhere have been contradictory .
" Although many of the findings suggest that media coverage on suicides may cause imitative suicidal behavior , " write the authors of the Comprehensive Textbook of Suicidology , " the evidence still remains inconclusive . "
In 1994 , when newspapers and magazines exploded with stories about Kurt Cobain 's suicide , specialists braced for the worst .
Eastgard , the youth - suicide expert , was at a suicide - prevention conference on the East Coast when the news broke .
" Everybody there was afraid of what was going to happen , " she said .
" I gave interviews for four days straight after the Cobain suicide .
I lost my voice talking to the media . "
Eastgard and a group of suicide - prevention specialists assembled a study to examine the King County suicide rate for a " Cobain effect . "
But there was none — in fact , 1994 had slightly lower suicide rates than the years before and after .
( An Australian study looking at youth suicide after Cobain showed the same results . )
Calls to the King County Crisis Clinic spiked , however — the coverage inspired more people to seek help .
Eastgard gives much of the credit to Courtney Love .
" Whatever you think of Courtney , she did an enormous service to the community by speaking out , " Eastgard said .
" She was pissed at him , she swore at him , she said , ' This is not right . '
It 's the glamorizing , the glorifying that 's problematic . "
The central problem of studying suicide , say the authors of the Comprehensive Textbook of Suicidology , is the difficulty of knowing what the dead were thinking .
Some people kill themselves because they 're desperate or deranged .
Some people kill themselves calmly and rationally , in the spirit of Seneca the Younger : " The wise man will live as long as he ought , not as long as he can . "
People all over the world kill themselves for all kinds of reasons — children , old people , the dirt poor , even the filthy rich .
On January 5 , 2009 , a German multibillionaire named Adolf Merckle who made a fortune on cement and pharmaceutical firms reclined on some train tracks near his home and was run over .
Time magazine guessed that Merckle committed suicide because he " lost several hundred million euros when he got caught on the losing end of a short sale of Volkswagen shares . "
But who knows ?
In the first chapter of The Virgin Suicides , by Jeffrey Eugenides , a young girl named Cecilia wakes up in an emergency room after slashing her wrists in a bathtub .
Dr. Armonson stitched up her wrist wounds .
Within five minutes of the transfusion he declared her out of danger .
Chucking her under her chin , he said , " What are you doing here , honey ?
You 're not even old enough to know how bad life gets . "
And it was then Cecilia gave orally what was to be her only form of suicide note , and a useless one at that , because she was going to live : " Obviously , doctor , you 've never been a thirteen - year - old girl . "
Perhaps the most committed philosopher of suicide was a 19th - century German who called himself Philipp Mainländer .
He argued in his Philosophy of Redemption that everything extant yearns for nonexistence and that human beings are the shards of a God who , to overcome the monotonous agony of immortality , created a finite universe so He , too , could pass into oblivion .
" Our world , " Mainländer wrote , " is the means and the only means of achieving nonexistence . "
On April 1 , 1875 , Mainländer hanged himself in his home .
He used a stack of copies of Philosophy of Redemption , which had arrived the previous day , as a pedestal .
He was 34 years old .
If you or someone you know is considering suicide , call 461- 3222 or 866-4CRISIS .
A look at the alternatives to electoral politics
Many people will agree with some of our arguments , but still say you should vote anyway , because it's the " practical " or " realistic " thing to do .
But we 're convinced that voting is not a realistic way to solve anyone 's problems .
Most of the time , voting comes down to picking a politician because you like some of the things they promise to do – or maybe just dislike them a bit less than the other candidates – and then hoping that they 'll live up to their promises , even though you have no way of forcing them to , and they 're often unable to do so even if they want to .
When it comes to solving your problems , voting is about as effective as wishing on a star .
So what alternatives do anarchists suggest ?
Most of what we propose can be described as " direct action " .
This is exactly what it sounds like : people acting together to solve their problems directly , without relying on anyone else to do it for them .
Perhaps the best - known and most obvious type of direct action is the traditional workplace strike .
There are many examples of strikes winning real victories quickly , from the Tower Hamlets College staff who saved jobs through strike action last year , to the low - paid tube cleaners who managed to win a living wage by bringing the London Underground to a halt in 2007 .
How many examples can you think of where people have improved their pay or saved their jobs by asking a politician for help ?
Traditional strikes are n’t the only way to take direct action in the workplace .
There are also " good work strikes " , which are designed to minimise disruption to the public while putting as much pressure as possible on employers .
At Mercy Hospital in France , instead of endangering patients by going on strike , staff just refused to fill in the paperwork to charge them for treatment .
The hospital 's income was cut by half , and the bosses gave in to all their demands in three days .
In New York , restaurant workers took strike action and lost , so instead they started giving customers double helpings and undercharging them for their meals , until the restaurant owners gave in to some of their demands .
But direct action is n't just something that happens in the workplace .
For example , when the local council threatened to close down a school in Lewisham , parents reacted by taking direct action : they occupied the school building and forced the council to back down .
Another example of direct action is when people refuse to put up with unaffordable rents and decide to squat instead .
Direct action can also be taken against high prices , such as in Italy in the 1970s when people in large groups would go into supermarkets , take what they wanted from the shelves , and pay what they considered to be a fair price instead of what the supermarket was asking .
And one of the most famous examples of effective direct action on a massive scale here in the UK was when Thatcher 's poll tax was beaten in the 1990s .
Many people at the time were claiming that the only way to stop the poll tax was to vote Labour , but it was scrapped years before Labour got in , thanks to a massive campaign based around people simply refusing to pay .
So , are anarchists impractical dreamers ?
It 's true that we 're still a long way from achieving our goals .
But when you look at all the victories that direct action has achieved , it seems a lot more practical than just putting your trust in a politician and hoping that things will turn out all right .
Even as the BLS and DOL would like us to believe that the unemployment picture is getting better , we present a chart comparing the initial and continued claims as presented by the Dept. of Labor and compare these to actual government outlays .
Even as the two combined series have been declining ( offset by increasing much discussed EUCs ) , the most recent Unemployment Insurance Benefit outlay reported by the Treasury ( as of March 30 - there is still one more day of data for March ) , just hit an all time record high of $ 15.4 billion .
What this means is that in March the average paycheck from Uncle Sam for sitting dong nothing , surged to an all time high of $ 1,447 / month .
Fair enough , the spike may be due to a surge in EUCs one may say .
Well , here is a chart of the reported EUCs added to the disclosed Initial and Continued claims :
Indeed , even the worst case reported picture of America 's jobless seems to have plataued in the upper 10 million range , after hitting a record of 11.1 million in late January .
So what happens when one divides the total population collecting benefits ( I.C.+C.C.+EUC ) by the actual UST outlays ?
We get a very curious chart :
It appears that in March either the government decided to payout an additional roughly 20 % per unemployment paycheck , or once again , there is a shadow population of beneficiaries , which are not caught in any of the standard cohorts .
Keep in mind that the average monthly paycheck has traditionally been indicated as being about $ 1,000 .
What are we missing here ?
Earth Day predictions of 1970 .
The reason you should n’t believe Earth Day predictions of 2009 .
For the next 24 hours , the media will assault us with tales of imminent disaster that always accompany the annual Earth Day Doom & Gloom Extravaganza .
Ignore them .
They ’ll be wrong .
We ’re confident in saying that because they ’ve always been wrong .
And always will be .
Need proof ?
Here are some of the hilarious , spectacularly wrong predictions made on the occasion of Earth Day 1970 .
“ We have about five more years at the outside to do something . ”
• Kenneth Watt , ecologist
“ Civilization will end within 15 or 30 years unless immediate action is taken against problems facing mankind . ”
• George Wald , Harvard Biologist
“ We are in an environmental crisis which threatens the survival of this nation , and of the world as a suitable place of human habitation . ”
• Barry Commoner , Washington University biologist
“ Man must stop pollution and conserve his resources , not merely to enhance existence but to save the race from intolerable deterioration and possible extinction . ”
• New York Times editorial , the day after the first Earth Day
“ Population will inevitably and completely outstrip whatever small increases in food supplies we make .
The death rate will increase until at least 100 - 200 million people per year will be starving to death during the next ten years . ”
• Paul Ehrlich , Stanford University biologist
“ By … [ 1975 ] some experts feel that food shortages will have escalated the present level of world hunger and starvation into famines of unbelievable proportions .
Other experts , more optimistic , think the ultimate food - population collision will not occur until the decade of the 1980s . ”
• Paul Ehrlich , Stanford University biologist
“ It is already too late to avoid mass starvation . ”
• Denis Hayes , chief organizer for Earth Day
“ Demographers agree almost unanimously on the following grim timetable : by 1975 widespread famines will begin in India ; these will spread by 1990 to include all of India , Pakistan , China and the Near East , Africa .
By the year 2000 , or conceivably sooner , South and Central America will exist under famine conditions … .
By the year 2000 , thirty years from now , the entire world , with the exception of Western Europe , North America , and Australia , will be in famine . ”
• Peter Gunter , professor , North Texas State University
“ Scientists have solid experimental and theoretical evidence to support … the following predictions :
In a decade , urban dwellers will have to wear gas masks to survive air pollution … by 1985 air pollution will have reduced the amount of sunlight reaching earth by one half … . ”
• Life Magazine , January 1970
“ At the present rate of nitrogen buildup , it ’s only a matter of time before light will be filtered out of the atmosphere and none of our land will be usable . ”
• Kenneth Watt , Ecologist
“ Air pollution …is certainly going to take hundreds of thousands of lives in the next few years alone . ”
• Paul Ehrlich , Stanford University biologist
“ We are prospecting for the very last of our resources and using up the nonrenewable things many times faster than we are finding new ones . ”
• Martin Litton , Sierra Club director
“ By the year 2000 , if present trends continue , we will be using up crude oil at such a rate … that there wo n’t be any more crude oil .
You ’ll drive up to the pump and say , ` Fill ‘ er up , buddy , ’ and he ’ll say , `I am very sorry , there is n’t any . ' ”
• Kenneth Watt , Ecologist
“ Dr. S. Dillon Ripley , secretary of the Smithsonian Institute , believes that in 25 years , somewhere between 75 and 80 percent of all the species of living animals will be extinct . ”
• Sen. Gaylord Nelson
“ The world has been chilling sharply for about twenty years .
If present trends continue , the world will be about four degrees colder for the global mean temperature in 1990 , but eleven degrees colder in the year 2000 .
This is about twice what it would take to put us into an ice age . ”
• Kenneth Watt , Ecologist
Keep these predictions in mind when you hear the same predictions made today .
They ’ve been making the same predictions for 39 years .
And they ’re going to continue making them until …well … forever .
Here we are , 39 years later and the economy sucks , but the ecology ’s fine .
In fact this planet is doing a lot better than the planet on which those green lunatics live .
You ’ll also enjoy ( or hate ) our article , 25 Global Warming Debunking Videos Al Gore Does n’t Want You To See .
Update : Earth Day 2010 version .
Source : Reason.com
Amazon has filed suit against a US state agency that is demanding the online retailer turn over not only the sales records of nearly 50 million transactions since 2003 , but also the names and addresses of the purchasers , along with details of exactly what they bought .
The North Carolina Department of Revenue ( DOR ) is investigating Amazon for compliance with sales tax law .
All well and good , says Amazon in its filing in the US District Court of the Western District of Washington , but : " All [ the DOR ] needs to know is what items Amazon sold to North Carolina customers and what they paid , and Amazon has already provided that information to the DOR , " the filing reads .
But the DOR wants more - it wants to know exactly what books and video individual North Carolinians bought .
And Amazon is n't buying it : " If Amazon is forced to comply with this demand , the disclosure will invade the privacy and violate the First Amendment rights of Amazon and its customers on a massive scale . "
Sales records are one thing , says Amazon .
" But the DOR has no business seeking to uncover the identity of Amazon 's customers who purchased expressive content , which makes up the majority of the nearly 50 million products sold to North Carolina residents during the audit period , let alone associating customers ' names and addresses with the specific books , music , and video content that they have purchased during the past seven years . "
Amazon also notes in the filing that : " The DOR 's actions threaten to chill the exercise of customers ' expressive choices and to cause Amazon customers not to purchase certain books , music , movies or other expressive material from Amazon that they might otherwise purchase if they did not fear disclosure of those choices to the government . "
Which is simply legalese for : " It 's none of your damn business , North Carolina . "
And it 's not merely John Q. Public that Amazon is concerned about .
As the filing states : " This privacy concern is even greater for public figures who have purchased items from Amazon , because their purchase histories may generate significant political or press interest or otherwise be made public . "
Privacy is privacy , whether you 're merely an average schlub who does n't want your purchase of Richard Dawkins '
The God Delusion known to your Bible - thumping neighbors , or if you 're former North Carolina senator John " Randy " Edwards not wanting your wife Elizabeth 's divorce lawyers searching to find out whether you own a copy of Girls Gone Wild : Best Breasts Ever .
Amazon 's move points out the muddled mess that is privacy law when it comes to online information .
As we reported just last month , even rivals Microsoft and Google have joined together with the Digital Due Process coalition to bring the almost 25 - year - old Electronic Communications Privacy Act ( ECPA ) up to digital - age standards .
Expect more court actions and legislative deliberations before firm guidelines appear that cover what the government can request and what should remain beyond its reach . ®
Ironically , Cafe Hayek takes issue with my Austrian claim that bankers were ( in general ) ignorant of the risks they were taking , hence could not have been taking these risks due to their knowledge that they were “ too big to fail ” and thus would be bailed out .
Or at least I think that ’s what Russ Roberts is suggesting , because he is disputing what I said , and what I said is that TBTF did not cause the crisis–not that the thought of a bailout never crossed any bankers ’ minds .
( If I were one of them and it crossed my mind , however , I would have said to myself : “ Maybe .
But I ’m not going to count on it . ” )
Roberts cites a speech by Andrew Haldane , an official of the Bank of England , who claims that at an undated meeting of unnamed bankers , an unnamed individual said that bankers had no incentive to run severe stress tests because in a severe event , they would lose their jobs and then “ the authorities would have to step in . ”
Props to Russ for this interesting evidence , which I had n’t seen before .
But it ’s not exactly unambiguous .
Consider a banker who , as posited in the anonymous scenario , thinks that a disastrous financial situation would get him fired .
What difference would it make to this allegedly self - interested banker that the bank would subsequently be bailed out ?
Of course , as the bailouts actually unfolded , the bankers did not get fired in many cases–but according to Haldane ’s anecdote , the bankers did not know that in advance .
So , as I said , when it comes to the TBTF , corporate - compensation , and ABCT theories of the crisis , we ’re in a high - conviction , low - evidence zone .
However , we are not in an evidence - free zone .
Consider , on TBTF :
1 . Many banks that were too small to be bailed out ( except by the FDIC , in which case the bankers would definitely be fired ) invested in the same AAA - rated MBS as the big banks that got bailed out .
2. Commercial bankers like Sandy Weill and investment bankers ( e.g. , Jimmy Cayne , Ralph Cioffi , and Matthew Tannin at Bear Stearns ) lost many millions –in Weill and Cayne ’s case , $ 1 billion each –because they were fully invested in their banks ’ stock right up to the end .
Cafe Hayek quotes Cayne : “ The only people [ who ] are going to suffer are my heirs , not me .
Because when you have a billion six and you lose a billion , you ’re not exactly like crippled , right ? ”
What is the point of this quotation :
That Cayne did n’t care about his heirs , so he did n’t care about losing $ 1 billion , so that ’s why he knowingly allowed Bear Stearns to take risks that led to its collapse ?
That is certainly not the implication of the passage when it is read in context .
3 . If one reads the rest of the book from which the quotation is drawn , one finds that Cayne was consumed by the construction of a new skyscraper headquarters for Bear Stearns that would symbolize the permanence of the success of this once - underdog , scrappy , Jewish firm .
Is it really plausible that Cayne would risk that success , his life ’s legacy , because , in the event that the risk brought down Bear Stearns , the firm might get bailed out ( by being absorbed , in the event , into arch- rival JP Morgan ) ?
Similarly , as I document in my introduction to the Critical Review financial - crisis issue , Cioffi and Tannin , who were the only ones at Bear Stearns who actually knew what was going on , revealed in secret emails to each other ( discovered by the FBI ) that they were true believers in the accuracy of the triple - A ratings .
They were mistaken .
Again , as the crisis unfolded , all the books on the crisis show that the principals were shocked , frantic , and bewildered .
If they had deliberately taken risks because they had a bailout in the back of their minds , would they not have have reacted with knowing cynicism and serenity ?
( More documentation will appear in the revised introduction to the book version of Critical Review ’s financial - crisis issue , The Causes of the Financial Crisis , forthcoming from the University of Pennsylvania Press . )
4 . I ’m still waiting for somebody to explain why these bankers who were supposedly insensitive to risk–due to being TBTF , or due to their compensation incentives –bought government - guaranteed or AAA - rated MBS 93 percent of the time .
AA - rated MBS were riskier , paid higher returns , and got exactly the same capital relief as AAAs .
They would have been the MBS of choice if both the capital - relief theory of the crisis , which I favor , and the TBTF or corporate - compensation theories of the crisis were true .
Subtract the capital - relief motive , though , and BBB or lower - rated securities would have been the choice .
But never , ever , AAAs .
I respectfully submit that the bankers –like the regulators–simply did not realize that this was the first - ever significant nationwide housing bubble .
And they did not realize how fragile the bubble was , due to subprime lending .
Meanwhile , the Basel regulators encouraged them to leverage into the bubble by buying AA - or AAA - rated MBS .
That is the crisis in three easy sentences .
The crisis has ideological ramifications .
So economists of libertarian bent want to blame it on TBTF .
Those of leftist bent want to blame it on bankers greedy for bonuses .
Is it so difficult to imagine , though , that both the regulators and the bankers , being human , were ignorant of what was to come ?
That , I think , is what Hayek might have said .
' Sack Tapping ' -- A Schoolyard Game Turned Ugly ' Sack tapping , ' in which boys hit each other in the groin , is growing fad .
May 28 , 2010  --
Gone are the days when bullies merely gave wedgies .
The newest fad in schoolyard violence ?
A quick slap to the testicles .
In the game of " sack tapping " or " ball tapping , " as it is called , a boy will try to slap or flick the groin of another boy to inflict discomfort or pain .
The " game " has gotten out of hand , however , according to Dr. Scott Wheeler , a pediatric urologist in Minnesota .
In recent years he 's seen an increasing number of young boys coming in with serious damage to the testicles because of a " tap " that hit too hard .
" For some reason , [ this game ] is popular , " Wheeler says .
" It 's not just bullies , it 's kids doing it to their friends .
It 's rare that bullies target the testicles , they just beat up people . "
The trend is n't restricted to Minnesota .
A search on YouTube reveals hundreds of videos of young boys , teens , and even members of the U.S. Navy , catching a friend ( or enemy ) unaware with a quick punch or slap to the genitals .
There 's even a " Judge Judy " mock court case involving a 12 - year - old " sack tapper " posted to the site .
In some cases , trauma sustained by sack tapping can be severe enough to rupture a testicle , an injury that can require surgery or even the amputation of the testicle , says Wheeler .
This fad is no joke , Wheeler says , " It 's just ridiculous that boys are doing this . "
Playing ' Chicken ' of the Groin
The groin is one of the most sensitive parts of the body because it has such a rich supply of blood and nerves , says Dr. Aaron Katz , a urologist at Columbia University Medical Center in New York .
In the womb , the testicles form inside the body , so when they descend they take nerves from the abdomen with them .
" That 's why when a guy gets hit in the balls , he feels it in his stomach as well , " Katz says .
So why would boys do that to each other ?
The Psychology of the Sack Tap
Dr. Charles Raison , an associate professor of psychiatry at Emory University in Atlanta , says the game might have a lot to do with asserting dominance .
It does , after all , involve the " all - around central organ of dominance for man . "
" Sack tapping resonates on a lot of different levels , some of which kids are probably not fully aware of , " he says .
Raison compares sack tapping to the common game of " chicken , " where boys take turns hitting each other to see who can take the most hits without calling off the game .
" Games like this are to see how tough you are , " he says .
" It 's a way of establishing dominance and because it's hard to withstand being hit in the groin , it becomes a good measure of toughness . "
" It 's a pride thing , and by posting it to the Internet it 's like proof .
There 's no doubt about your toughness ; the whole world can see . "
Nipping the Fad in the Bud
But where does dominance " play " leave off , and violence begin ?
To suffer some of the injuries reported from this game , Katz says , the boys must be slapping with " quite a bit of force . "
" The testicle is protected by a fibrous capsule .
The force has to be fairly quick and really hard to break that capsule , " he says .
" You can fix a tear in the testicle , but if it 's ruptured bad you have to remove the testicle because the tissue will die and cause infection . "
Wheeler says that the fad of sack tapping may be escalating thanks to the numerous videos of it on the Internet .
" It 's a snowball effect .
A kid sees it on the Internet .
His little brother sees him doing and does it at his school .
I see boys in elementary , junior high , and high school coming in with these injuries , " he says .
" Parents need to talk to their kids about this , and hopefully that will have an impact , " Wheeler says .
Raison also hopes that awareness could help nip this fad in the bud .
" Guys are very attached to their testicles , obviously .
If more guys knew that people were having ruptures , perhaps the back and forth of this would die out . "
Is n't it telling that as Cheney spent Sunday morning attacking the president for not being serious about the war on terror ( by which he seems to mean solely Obama 's refusal to commit war crimes ) , Biden must have already known about the capture of Mullah Baradar ?
The administration could have blown
Cheney out of the water , but , of course , chose not to .
Why ?
Because they are serious about national security and do not put domestic political games before it .
Unlike Cheney , who never wasted an opportunity to use a war to score political points at home .
In the end , I believe this president 's calm and sincere and determined efforts to keep this country safe and to defuse the appeal of Islamist terror will be better understood and appreciated .
And that he has done so by adhering to American values will go a long way to repair some small part of the damage Cheney inflicted .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Kenny Strasser , who either lives in Antigo or Neenah or maybe somewhere else , says he a yo - yo champion , loves talking to schoolchildren and wants to save the Earth .
He 's been divorced twice , does n't have any kids , and has personal issues with members of his family .
He also says he 's had drug and alcohol problems .
Or so he says .
It 's not entirely clear who Strasser is .
What is clear is that a person who called himself Kenny Strasser , Kenny Strassburg , or K - Strass managed to persuade at least five television stations - four of which are in Wisconsin - to put him on live television in recent weeks .
Two other stations - both in La Crosse - came close to putting him on , but were warned ahead of time that Strasser was not who he says he is .
His latest appearance occurred Thursday morning on KQTV's " Hometown This Morning , " in St. Joseph , Mo .
" He got us , " said Bridget Blevins , the station 's news director .
" I hate that we got duped . "
And how good was he with the yo- yo , a skill Strasser has said made him a champion ?
" He did some really lame things .
He hit himself in the face and the groin with his yo - yo , " Blevins said .
Lisa Malak , who anchors the " Sunday Morning " show on WFRV in Green Bay , thought it would be fun to book somebody who said he was a yo - yo champion .
When Strasser showed up April 11 , he said he forgot the string for his yo - yo .
With no tricks , Malak and Strasser spent their live TV segment talking .
" It was the most bizarre thing that has ever happened to me on the air , " Malak said .
The stunts Strasser pulled appears to be similar to the performance artistry practiced by the late comedian Andy Kaufman .
Kaufman created characters like Tony Clifton , a down - and - out lounge singer who abused audiences .
The way Strasser managed to get on TV followed a familiar pattern and laid bare the pitfalls of live television , where stations are always looking for somebody to fill air time in the morning .
Elaborate hoax
In each case , producers at the television stations received an e-mail from Joe Guehrke , saying he represented Strasser and ZimZam Yo- Yo , " the world 's first ' green ' " nonprofit toymaker .
Guehrke told the stations that Strasser , whom he called a " master yo - yo artist , " would be in their area to bring his environmental message and " zany sense of humor " to kids .
Guehrke wrote in one e-mail to a TV station that Strasser was a dynamic talk - show guest who comes " equipped with a roster of amazing yo - yo tricks , juggling and fun tips about how kids and adults alike can take small steps to make the world a greener place . "
The e-mail solicitation stated that Strasser was a runner - up for Rookie of the Year in 1995 , grand champion at the Pensacola Regional and was nominated for the Walt Greenberg Award in 2000 .
There is no Walt Greenberg Award in yo - yo , and there is no evidence Pensacola ever hosted a yo - yo tournament or that Strasser won a rookie of the year award .
But the solicitation was good enough for the bookers on the TV stations .
In one particularly bizarre segment on WSAW 's " Sunrise 7 " show in Wausau on April 20 , Strasser told interviewer Amy Pflugshaupt that he is just a 35 - year - old kid at heart .
" I do n't have a girlfriend , do n't want one .
My parents , they live in Denver , they just got divorced .
My dad is now in Oshkosh .
. . .
I have a brother in Portland who I do n't get along with very well because of his wife . "
And then , incredibly , his cell phone rings on the air .
Pflugshaupt halts the interview , throws it back to the anchors , but later comes back to Strasser .
In the solicitation , there is a reference to ZimZam yo - yos , and a related Web site .
But in registering the domain name , Zimzaminc.com , Guehrke gave a fictitious Milwaukee address and provided a phone number that is now disconnected .
At WISC in Madison , Strasser was booked and ready to go on " News 3 This Morning . "
But things took a strange turn when Strasser said on the air , " Do you want to hear a scary story ? "
Colin Benedict , the station 's news director , said the anchors were confused .
They thought a yo - yo champion was supposed to be on .
Instead , Strasser started talking about his personal story of alcohol and drugs .
And the yo - yo tricks ?
Benedict said Strasser tried one but the yo- yo fell apart and onto the studio floor .
That was enough for WISC .
The anchors took over and Strasser was off the air .
Strasser also got on WMTV in Madison .
Strasser apparently left Wisconsin and headed west , where he appeared at the St. Joseph , Mo. , station .
Strasser has not been spotted since .
Mikel Lauber , a reporter with Wausau 's WSAW , tried to find him and located a phone number for Guehrke .
The number was traced to Joe Pickett , who is a comedy filmmaker and operates a business with partner Nick Prueher .
Both men have Wisconsin ties .
Their business , " The Found Footage Festival , " tours the country showing obscure , unusual and bizarre home videos , promotional clips , outtakes and training films to comedic effect .
Neither Pickett nor Prueher returned repeated phone calls , but in e-mails to the Journal Sentinel , Prueher said his festival " had nothing to do with this yo - yo guy . "
" Wish we could take credit for it , but we 've never met this Kenny fellow , " Prueher said .
But the Found Footage Festival was in Missouri last week , not far from St. Joseph .
A video of Strasser 's appearance on WSAW can be viewed at www.wsaw.com/home/headlines
INDIANAPOLIS -- DePaul agreed with Clemson men's basketball coach Oliver Purnell late Monday on a seven - year contract that will pay Purnell well beyond the $ 1.6 million salary he was making with the Tigers .
" DePaul presents a great opportunity , '' Purnell told ESPN.com Tuesday morning .
The stunning hire -- culminated shortly after the Duke - Butler NCAA national championship game -- salvaged a search for a new coach that lasted nearly three months .
In his introductory press conference , Purnell said , " DePaul belongs in the elite of college basketball .
DePaul belongs in the elite of the Big East .
DePaul belongs as Chicago 's college basketball team . "
The Chicago Tribune and FoxSports.com
Web sites , both citing sources , first broke the story in the early morning hours Tuesday .
" It 's a super job , '' Purnell told ESPN.com Tuesday morning .
" They are very , very committed to restoring a tradition . ''
Purnell was n't on any reported DePaul prospective hire lists throughout the winter .
He said Tuesday he was contacted four or five days ago .
DePaul had made overtures all over the country and few seemed to know where the Blue Demons were headed .
DePaul interviewed Minnesota Timberwolves assistant and former New Mexico State and Sacramento Kings coach Reggie
Theus late last week for the job .
Oliver Purnell said the challenge of rebuilding DePaul attracted him to his new job .
Jamie Squire / Getty Images
Jerry Wainwright , who had two years left on his contract , was fired as coach on Jan. 11 , with the Blue Demons at 7 - 8 overall , 0 - 3 in the Big East .
DePaul finished the season 8 - 23 overall and dead last in the Big East at 1 - 17 under interim coach Tracy Webster .
DePaul went winless in the Big East in 2008 - 09 and finished 9 - 24 overall that season .
Meanwhile , Purnell took Clemson to the 2010 NCAA tournament with a 21 - 10 record ( the Tigers lost to Missouri in the first round 86 - 78 ) .
Clemson was 9 - 7 in the ACC .
Purnell reached the NCAA tournament with the Tigers in three straight seasons , losing in the first round in each of those appearances .
He was 138- 90 in seven seasons at Clemson , but 50 - 62 in the ACC .
Prior to Clemson , Purnell resurrected Dayton in a nine - year run that ended with a 24 - 6 record and an NCAA appearance .
He made two NCAA tournament appearances at Dayton .
He also coached at Old Dominion for three years ( one NCAA appearance ) and three seasons at Radford .
Purnell has never won an NCAA game .
Purnell said the move was much more about the challenge at DePaul and had nothing negative to say about Clemson .
" I hope they feel we left the program in great shape , '' Purnell said .
" I feel that way . ''
DePaul athletic director Jean Lenti Ponsetto made it clear a few weeks ago that the school was ready to make a big splash , saying the next coach could be among the highest - paid in a conference that Rick Pitino , Jim Boeheim , Bob Huggins and Jim Calhoun call home .
RELATED :
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
Far - right activist Itamar Ben-Gvir said Thursday that he and other activists would protest at the Western Wall plaza against the bar mitzva of White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel 's son and nephew .
In an interview with Army Radio , Ben-Gvir called Emanuel “ a hater of Israel .
" The bar mitzva is planned to take place at the Davidson Center ( just inside Dung Gate in the Old City ) .
Ben-Gvir , standing alone in his protest at the Western Wall plaza , claimed that while he was praying he was approached by police and told to keep quiet when Emanuel arrives .
However , he said , he could not be legally forced to stay silent .
Rather , he said , he had " a duty to protest against a hater of Israel .
" After a week - long family visit to Israel , Emanuel met Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu and extended an invitation to Netanyahu from President Barack Obama to come to Washington on Tuesday for “ a work meeting to discuss both our shared security interests as well as our close cooperation in seeking peace between Israel and its neighbors , ” he said .
Emanuel called the visit wonderful , saying Israelis had been “ exceptionally warm and genuine in their affection to both all the family in general , but particularly to Zach [ his son ] on his bar mitzva inwishing him a mazal tov . ”
We cannot let any children be cut off from the chances this country can offer them
I am living proof of the power of opportunity .
It is now my turn to ensure all children , no matter their background or what obstacles are in the way , are presented with the chance to succeed in life , writes Nadhim Zahawi .
10 of America ’s Weirdest Laws
Check out some of the funniest and most bizarre laws still on the books in the United States .
Your little girl plays so well with that sweet boy from next door .
Do n’t you wish you could steer her clear of all those sleazy guys she ’ll meet in high school , and just marry her off right now ?
Well , if you live in Arkansas , you had your chance a few years ago .
Thanks to a typo in a law passed in 2007 , the state government ’s opened the door for children of any age to enter the state of holy matrimony ( with parental permission , of course ) .
The bill passed without a proofread , and stayed on the books for over a year before a correction was finally made .
Have no fear , Arkansonians :
The rest of us have our own bizarre rules , too .
Here ’s a small sampling of America ’s oddest laws .
1 . Well , okay , Arkansas – you ’re not off the hook yet .
Apparently , it ’s illegal to pronounce your name incorrectly ( so for those passing through the state who ’d like to avoid jail time , it ’s ar - kan - SAW , just in case you did n’t know ) .
2 . Do n’t like it when your son jumps over puddles ?
If you ’re in California , just try to stop him – you could end up with a fine for your spoilsport ways .
3 . They like their dogs dumb in Hartford , Connecticut :
It ’s illegal to educate your four - legged friend .
4.In Saratoga , Florida , it ’s against the law to sing while wearing a bathing suit ( we suppose doing it naked is just fine , though ) .
5.A certain filthy phrase is illegal in Jonesboro , Georgia : “ Oh , boy ! ” ( Hope we did n’t get any Jonesboreans in trouble just now . )
6.In Idaho , it ’s against the law for a man to give a woman a box of chocolate that weighs less than 50 pounds .
So if you want to celebrate Valentine ’s Day right , that ’s the place to be .
7. It ’s illegal to speak English in Illinois .
Um , pardonnez - moi ?
8.Cleanliness is next to godliness in Kentucky , where it ’s on the books that everyone must bathe at least once a year .
9. In Massachusetts , Christmas was banned in 1659 .
Did anyone remember to tell Santa ?
10 . And possibly the best law of all is from Texas , where they ’re counting on their criminals to be prepared and polite :
All criminals in the state are required to give their victims 24 hours notice either orally or in writing , explaining the nature of the crime they plan to commit .
A post - crime thank you card is optional .
( CNN ) -- Hollywood actor Johnny Depp is arguably best - known for his role as maverick captain Jack Sparrow in the wildly popular " Pirates of the Caribbean " franchise .
Now , he has taken things a step further with his own pirate - inspired ship in the Caribbean .
It may not be as creepy as the " Pirates of the Caribbean 's " " Black Pearl , " but Depp 's ship " Vajoliroja " has more than a hint of the swashbuckler about it .
Depp has completely refitted the ship to his taste , with velvet wall hangings and furniture in rich burgundies and gold .
Wannabe pirates can test their sea legs on Depp 's yacht , which is available for charter , although it 's not cheap .
One week aboard the ship , which hosts up to 11 guests and eight crew , costs a cool $ 130,000 .
But help is on hand to distract visiting landlubbers from the dent in their booty : " Vajoliroja " boasts all the latest gadgets , including two speed boats , kayaks , wind surfs , water skis , wakeboards and more .
The Halliburton link and Washington hypocrisy
Get ready for some theater
( Natural News )
Oil is a dirty business .
It 's not just the politics of oil , which are dirty enough by themselves -- it 's also the environmental toll of the substance .
Even when used correctly , its chemical byproducts cause air pollution and release carbon dioxide into the atmosphere .
But the real mess comes when things go terribly wrong -- much like what happened recently when the offshore drilling rigexploded and sank to the ocean floor off the coast of Louisiana .
This set in motion a chain of disastrous events that are only now beginning to unfold .
Nearly 50 % of the seafood consumed by Americans comes from the Gulf of Mexico , by the way .
That explains why seafood contains such an alarmingly high concentration ofas well as industrial chemicals -- becausewhere every toxic chemical , heavy metal and pharmaceutical that 's flushed down the drain ends up getting dumped .
No wonder the Gulf of Mexico is home to one of the planet 's largest ocean " dead zones " -- over 6,000 square miles of dead water where fish can't even survive ( http://serc.carleton.edu/microbelife/topics/... ) .
And that was before the oil spill .
Now , thanks to a creeping oil slick that 's approaching shorelines throughout the gulf , thefor a huge number of marine species is now threatened .
Species from pelicans to shrimp are likely to be devastated by this oil slick .
It 's already being called a " mega - disaster " by environmentalists .
" The magnitude and the potential for ecological damage is probably more great than anything we 've ever seen in the Gulf of Mexico , " said Nancy Rabalais in a Washington Post interview ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content... ) .
She heads the Louisiana Universities Marine Consortium in Cocodrie , La . " Once it hits the shoreline , it 'll get into everything . " " Ninety - seven percent of commercial fish and shellfish in the Gulf depend on estuaries and wetlands during their life cycle , " said Jane Lubchenco , head of the .
Those wetlands are about to be covered with a thick brown slime that will make reproduction of seafood species virtually impossible .
Oil continues to spill out of the sunken rig wreck at the rate of 5,000 barrels a day .
So far , there 's little hope of stopping it .
Observers are already characterizing this spill as " worse than the Exxon Valdez spill " in 1989 .
Everything you 've read here so far is being widely reported in the mainstream media .
The story that follows , however , is much more difficult to find .
It was only a few weeks ago that Obama proudly announced he would expand offshore drilling , breaking one of his many now - worthless campaign promises .
The lack of outcry from Democrats over this announcement was nothing short of bizarre :
If Bush had announced an expansion of offshore drilling , he would have been widely ( and rightly ) condemned for it by the left .
But when Obama announces the same thing , it 's apparently okay with Democrats .
Back on the Republican side of things , the company Halliburton -- yes , the same one that rakes in billions of dollars in profits rebuilding things in the Middle East after the U.S. military blows them up -- is the company that completed the " rig cementing " just 20 hours before the rig exploded .
A federal study , meanwhile , shows that most rig blowouts are caused by problems with rig cementing .
So now it appears that Halliburton may be implicated in this environmental disaster .
( http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?f=...
The San Jose Mercury News is reporting that a lawsuit filed by a rig technician who was injured in the explosion claims Halliburton made crucial mistakes in cementing the well , " increasing the pressure at the well and contributing to the fire , explosion and resulting oil spill . "
( http://www.mercurynews.com/news/ci_14996372?...
A blog at the L.A. Times explored the full extent of the Halliburton connection to the oil spill : http://latimesblogs.latimes.com/greenspace/2...
Halliburton , which was once headed by Vice President Dick Cheney , now finds itself in the spotlight as Congressional investigators are beginning to ask questions .
But do n't expect this to go very far :
It 's all just theater to appease the public until memory of this event fades and the old corrupt Washington / Big Business machine can get rolling again .
Since when has concern for the environment ever got in the way of powerful corporate interests that have political pull in Washington ?
Rest assured that no matter what the immediate fallout from this disastrous oil - era accident , the Halliburtons of the world continue to rake in billions of dollars in annual profits even as their mistakes extract an incalculable loss of life across our natural world .
Halliburton has shareholders to please , after all ... no matter how many pelicans , sea turtles or dolphins have to die in the process .
Slick , huh ?
The Gulf of Mexico is actually home to five of the world 's dead zones ( http://disc.sci.gsfc.nasa.gov/oceancolor/add...
MERCHANT bank Goldman
Sachs has not been using magic beans to generate its multi-billion dollar profits , it was claimed last night .
For years investors believed that fund managers at the Wall Street institution have been climbing a massive plant in the back garden and stealing supernatural geese from a cumbersome giant .
But now regulators in New York are investigating claims that the bank is not able to harness the power of magic and has instead been using the traditional investment methods of manipulation and bullshit .
Roy Hobbs , deputy chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission , said : " When an investment company makes billions and billions and billions of dollars regardless of the prevailing market conditions , it is only natural to assume that it has something to do with beans and geese .
" But last August I was walking past the Goldman Sachs headquarters and was struck by the absence of an enormous green trunk disappearing into the clouds .
" After thinking about it really hard for a few months we then raided their offices and recovered a grand total of one goose which was not magical in any way and seems to have been installed in the men's room to provide a twisted form of executive relief . "
Millionaire property developer Charlie Reeves , who has invested his fortune with Goldman Sachs since the mid-1980s , said : " The money just kept coming and coming so I naturally assumed the company was really owned by the Count of Monte Cristo .
" But after a few years I noticed they were not overwhelmed by an obsessive desire for revenge and so like everyone else I believed it was probably just a run-of - the - mill , bean - based enterprise staffed by particularly talented goose thieves . "
But retail tycoon , Nathan Muir , added : " I never believed for a second that it was beans .
I always though it was a magical cooking pot that never ran out and so they were able to guarantee an unending revenue stream by selling bowls of porridge to hungry villagers without having to contend with the unpredictability of fluctuating oat prices .
" Or that it was something to do with unicorns . "
On May 18th , 1980 , thirty years ago today , at 8:32 a.m. , the ground shook beneath Mount St. Helens in Washington state as a magnitude 5.1 earthquake struck , setting off one of the largest landslides in recorded history - the entire north slope of the volcano slid away .
As the land moved , it exposed the superheated core of the volcano setting off gigantic explosions and eruptions of steam , ash and rock debris .
The blast was heard hundreds of miles away , the pressure wave flattened entire forests , the heat melted glaciers and set off destructive mudflows , and 57 people lost their lives .
The erupting ash column shot up 80,000 feet into the atmosphere for over 10 hours , depositing ash across Eastern Washington and 10 other states .
Collected here are photos of the volcano and its fateful 1980 eruption .
An elaborate scheme to get the husband of a co-worker he was obsessed with locked up in jail , backfired on Ilkka Karttunen , a 48 - year from Essex .
His plan was to get the husband arrested so that he could have a go at a relationship with the woman , and to do this he broke into the couple ’s home while they were sleeping , used their family computer to download child pornography and then removed the hard drive and mailed it anonymously to the police , along with a note that identified the owner .
The whole family received a shock when the police came and arrested the husband on suspicion of possession of indecent images of children .
He was banned from seeing his own children and from returning to his home while he was under investigation .
Luckily for him , a search of Karttunen ’s home revealed evidence about the real perpetrator of the crime .
Before sending the hard disk to the police , he downloaded its contents onto his computer , which he kept in the garden shed .
A lot of personal information like pictures and credit and debt card information belonging to the family was discovered on it after the computer was analyzed .
Times
Online reports that they also found evidence of him having repeatedly broken into the family ’s home and taking pictures of a child ’s bedroom and a calendar on which the working schedule of the husband was marked .
“ The lengths this man went to in order to pursue a fantasy were incredible , ” remarked the case prosecutor .
Aside from the prison sentence , he was also slapped with a restraining order and is now signed into the sex offenders register .
Tyranny For Dummies
strip them of their citizenship .
unconstitutional
Lindsay Graham : [ speaking of restricting people on the terrorist watch list from buying automatic weapons ] this is not going in the right direction because we 're dealing with a constitutional right .
And I am very concerned about the gaps in our defenses .
But maybe I 'm not making a good argument to you but it makes perfect sense to me that losing the ability to own a gun which is a constitutional right using this list the way it 's constructed is unnerving at best .
O'Donnell :
The question is , if you are on a terrorist watch list , can the government step in a stop you from buying a weapon when it goes through the typical process of having those background checks ?
And at present the answer is no .
They may identify it , they may watch that person and we 've been told today that more than eleven hundred times since 2004 and 2010 , someone who is on a watch list has bought a firearm in the United States .
They have not been able to tell is there is any tie between any of those persons and those who get accused of actually committing some act of terror .
O'Donnell : But as you heard Lindsay Graham , who is an expert on this because he serves in the Air Force as a lawyer and the JAG and has studied a lot of this , gun issues are tough .
So they highlighted an issue .
There is a lot of concern from the conservative side that United States citizens could be in a situation where they would not be able to get a gun .
We also know there are circumstances that already exist where there are restrictions for mental problems or felons and those kinds of things .
This is a new area where they are trying to tie terrorist watch lists to limiting gun access .
And it was certainly a way to air it out .
But they are far from being able to resolve this kind of issue .
Mitchell :
And the chairman of the committee , Joe Lieberman , he also suggested that he thinks it 's time to strip someone who 's under a watch list of their citizenship .
We heard John McCain say earlier today that there should not have been the mirandizing so there are a lot of what critics of the administration are going to be saying , Republicans are going to be raising a whole lot of issues
O'Donnell :
All about how you would proceed .
Especially if one is a naturalized citizen as was the case in the Times Square incident .
Could you pull away some of the rights that we as American citizens would have ?
That 's part of what is prompting Lieberman 's comments .
And if you were even a natural born citizen and would commit what they said would be an act of treason would you then forfeit your citizenship benefits ?
And there was a discussion today that under one set of facts a citizen could be determined to be an enemy combatant , a classification that gives the government some different avenues to go through prosecution .
These are really tough issue because they go right to the heart of the constitution and right to current day events that have everyone on edge .
accused
Update :
Contrary to a myth believed in by the climate science “ community ” , most recent multiproxy reconstructions are not “ independent ” – they merely recycle the same stereotypes with slightly different weighting methods .
In an email ( 1140039406.txt ) in which Briffa urges Overpeck not not to “ over egg the pudding ” , he stated : “ Peck , you have to consider that since the TAR , there has been a lot of argument re “ hockey stick ” and the real independence of the inputs to most subsequent analyses is minimal . ”
CRU contributed three of the canonical proxies – Tornetrask , Taimyr and most importantly , Yamal .
Yamal was very much in the news when Climategate broke .
In my submissions , I identified Yamal as an important issue .
Needless to say , it ’s been ignored .
I ’m going to re-visit the inconsistency issue today – I ’ve collected information from a number of sites in the general Yamal area on the Hantemirov and Shiyatov location map below ( Polar Urals and Nadim are from slightly outside the four corners of the location map .
Figure 1 . Inset chronologies on H - S location map .
For the purposes of this map , I ’ve done the chronologies by making a age - curve from the entire population of subfossil cores in the Climategate documents and developing a chronology for each site from the residuals for this standard fit ( taking one size fits all to a regional scale ) .
Red – slarch ; green – spruce .
The original Yamal chronology ( modern portion ) is also shown .
The statistical problem is , of course , the inconsistency between the decline observed in the majority of northern tree ring proxies and the extreme HS - ness of Briffa ’s Yamal chronology , especially after it ’s been Mann - smoothed or Kaufman - smoothed .
In typical small subset multiproxy studies , it ends up making a disproportionate contribution to the overall HS - ness of the reconstruction – an effect that we observed last fall with Kaufman et al 2009 , for example .
The controversy last fall arose over the very small population of cores in the Briffa 2000 / Briffa 2008 Yamal reconstruction together with an inconsistent pattern in a nearby Schweingruber site ( Khadyta River ) which showed the characteristic decline .
Examined closely , Briffa did n’t actually disagree with any of the observations in my posts .
Instead , he attempted to cooper up the Yamal reconstruction by adding cores from the Porzayakha and Yadoyayakha Rivers , which yielded a somewhat attenuated HS ( but a HS nonetheless . )
Briffa stated : “ We have also taken the opportunity to acquire and incorporate additional data from the 3 original sites , in this analysis . ”
( The Climategate documents show that they had extensive Yamal data since the 1990s , including the “ new ” data for Porzayakha and Jahak . )
The Climategate documents contain new and relevant information on the Yamal samples .
The file briffa - treering - external / ecat / yamal / sfw - list provides the location of many samples , showing that many subfossil samples came from the Khadyta River ( a point confirmed by the location map in Hantemirov and Shiyatov 2002 . )
The idea ( promoted by Gavin Schmidt and others ) that the Khadyta River site was somehow inappropriate was not argued by Briffa himself .
The impression that I get is that the living samples are , for the most part taken to the south of the subfossil samples .
For example , subfossil samples from the Tanlova River are used , but there are no corresponding living samples ( and the subfossil sites appear to be north of the present treeline . )
In criticizing my analysis of last fall , Briffa observed :
So what is the “ best ” indication of relative ring - width changes in this Yamal region ?
One approach is to judge this by making use of all the data to hand .
A chronology using only the recent data from either POR or YAD will exhibit a greater 20th century increase in growth than one based on JAH , but one based only on KHAD , as in McIntyre ’s experiment , is the most anomalous and , therefore , arguably the least defensible .
With no additional information with which to justify the exclusion of any of these data , we have produced a chronology using the measurements from all 4 sites
Briffa ’s concept of “ all the data to hand ” is remarkably constricted .
There are a number of other chronologies in the region besides the ones mentioned in Briffa ’s response .
These include a Khadyta spruce chronology , larch and spruce chronologies at Polar Urals , a spruce chronology at Shchunya River , larch and spruce chronologies at Nadim River and Kheygi River ( to the southeast ) .
It is obvious from a simple inspection that the “ decline ” also affects Yamal chronologies – the elevated growth of the POR - YAD sites in the late 20th century contrasts sharply with the late 20th century decline characteristic of other sites , especially the spruce chronologies .
Briffa is obviously not unaware of the “ divergence ” problem , but the problem is not addressed in either of his journal articles discussing Yamal or in his internet article – the latter is unfortunately preoccupied with trying to “ get ” the same answer as before , as opposed to reflecting on the more general problem .
This inconsistency is an important statistical issue for users of the Yamal chronology – which include most multiproxy reconstructions .
It does seem odd that these few trees , like Graybill ’s stripbark bristlecones , are have a unique ability to act as hemispheric thermometers .
They deserve to be recognized by UNESCO as sacred groves .
It ’s too bad that Oxburgh did n’t include that as one of his recommendations .
Welcome to my Website .
It is dedicated to the fantastic sport of Female Bodybuilding and the wonderful women that venture down this path .
In my opinion , muscles on a woman , even very big muscles , are beautiful and attractive .
I hope you will enjoy your visit , and I hope you will bookmark my site .
Each month I will be presenting pics of the hottest , most beautiful Female Bodybuilders in the world .
If you are a female bodybuilder that would like to be presented tastefully and elegantly on my site , please feel free to contact me .
In addition to the many faces that will grace the pages of my Website , I will be featuring a new " Monthly Goddess " each month .
Any female bodybuilder that would like to be presented as the " Monthly Goddess " should send me an email with attached photos .
View Part : 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13
A NEW LOOK AT AN OLD DESIGN
THE PREHISTORIC ALIGNMENT OF WORLD WONDERS
JIM ALISON
PART I - THE GREAT CIRCLE
Great circles are straight lines that go all the way around the center of the earth .
The equator is a great circle .
Meridians of longitude that cross over the north and south poles are also great circles .
For every location on a great circle , it 's antipodal location is also on the circle .
Other than the equator itself , any great circle crosses the equator at two antipodal locations , 180° apart .
Other than the equator and meridians of longitude that run due north and south , any great circle reaches it 's maximum latitudes at two locations that are 90° of longitude east and west of the two locations where the great circle crosses the equator .
Easter Island , Nazca , Ollantaytambo , Paratoari , Tassili n'Ajjer and Giza are all aligned on a single great circle .
Additional ancient sites that are located within one tenth of one degree of this great circle include Petra ; Perseopolis ; Khajuraho ; Pyay , Sukothai and Anatom Island .
Near Ollantaytambo , Machupicchu and Cuzco are within one quarter of a degree .
The Oracle at Siwa in the western Egyptian desert is within one quarter of a degree .
In the Indus Valley , Mohenjo Daro and Ganweriwala are within one quarter of a degree .
The ancient Sumerian city of Ur and Angkor temples in Cambodia and Thailand are within one degree of the great circle .
The Angkor temple at Preah Vihear is within one quarter of a degree .
This circle crosses over the source and the mouth of the Amazon , the dividing line between upper and lower Egypt , the mouth of the Tigris - Euphrates , the Indus River and the Bay of Bengal near the mouth of the Ganges .
The circle also crosses over a number of areas of the world that are largely unexplored , including the Sahara Desert , the Brazilian Rainforest , the highlands of New Guinea , and underwater areas of the North Atlantic Ocean , the South Pacific Ocean and the South China Sea .
The alignment of these sites is easily observable on a globe of the earth with a horizon ring .
Aligning any two of these sites on the horizon ring will align all of these sites on the ring .
3 - D world atlas software programs will also draw this great circle around the earth .
The four images below are centered on the two locations where the great circle crosses the equator and the two locations where the great circle reaches it 's maximum latitudes .
The circle crosses over the equator at 48° 36 ' west longitude and 131° 24 ' east longitude .
The maximum latitude of the circle is 30° 22 ' north latitude at 41° 24 ' east longitude and 30° 22 ' south latitude at 138° 36 ' west longitude .
Brain Workshop - a Dual N - Back game
Introduction - Download - Tutorial - Details & Options - Donate
Brain Workshop is a free open - source version of the dual n- back brain training exercise .
What if a simple mental exercise could improve your memory and intelligence ?
A 2008 study published in the PNAS scientific journal shows that a memory task called dual n- back may improve working memory ( short term memory ) and fluid intelligence .
These findings are important because fluid intelligence was previously thought to be unchangeable .
Those findings have since been replicated twice with strongly positive results , and two more times in smaller studies with weaker , but still positive , results .
Brain Workshop implements this dual n- back task , and allows you to attempt to improve your own working memory and fluid intelligence .
The dual n- back task involves remembering a sequence of spoken letters and a sequence of positions of a square at the same time , and identifying when a letter or position matches the one that appeared earlier .
Brain Workshop can closely replicate the conditions of the original study .
In addition , it also includes optional extended game modes such as Triple N - Back and Arithmetic N - Back for extra challenge .
It also includes features such as statistics tracking , graphs and configurability .
Anecdotal evidence from users suggests that the dual n- back task can also enhance focus and attention and may help improve the symptoms of ADHD / ADD .
Brain Workshop works on Windows , Mac OS X and Linux .
Since its initial release in August 2008 , Brain Workshop has been downloaded over 775,000 times !
New to Dual N - Back ?
See this Wired article for an introduction to the Dual N - Back exercise and its benefits .
Read the original research paper by Jaeggi , et al. ( 2008 ) .
Learn how to play by reading this quick tutorial .
. Download the software .
We welcome the use of Brain Workshop for experimental research .
The program can be configured for a wide variety of scenarios .
Dual N - Back Community
Join the Dual N - Back , Brain Training & Intelligence forum & mailing list at Google Groups for some interesting discussions on dual n- back , memory , intelligence and the brain .
Gwern 's Dual N - Back FAQ
Gwern Branwen maintains an extensive ( unofficial ) Dual N - Back FAQ .
Note the table of contents on the right side of the page .
Brain Workshop was created by Paul Hoskinson , and is maintained by Paul Hoskinson and Jonathan Toomim .
Please send us your comments or questions .
Bank of America 's King Midas
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Bank of America chief executive officer Brian Moynihan seems as if he can do no wrong these days -- a pleasant surprise given how little excitement his hiring generated in the first place .
Many industry experts thought Bank of America should have hired an outsider to take over for CEO Ken Lewis instead of promoting from within .
Moynihan had previously been the president of the company 's retail banking operations .
Digg
Buzz Up !
Email
Print
In one of his first public appearances as Bank of America CEO , Moynihan testified before the Financial Crisis Inquiries Commission in January .
Bank of America shares have remained resilient so far this year , despite the recent pressure markets have come under recently .
But nearly everything Moynihan has touched has turned into proverbial gold in the five months he has been at the helm of the nation 's largest bank .
Last quarter , the first with Moynihan in control , the Charlotte , N.C. - based lender enjoyed a sharp rebound in profits , earning approximately $ 3.2 billion .
More importantly , he has made a lot of progress mending ties with the bank 's customers as well as the government .
In March , Bank of America ( BAC , Fortune 500 ) became the first to stop charging overdraft fees for debit card transactions , a practice that the entire industry will be required to adhere to starting in July .
" We are moving ahead and making changes we believe are responsive to our customers ' and clients ' needs , " Moynihan wrote in a letter to company shareholders earlier this year .
Moynihan also seems to have usurped JPMorgan Chase 's ( JPM , Fortune 500 ) Jamie Dimon as President Obama 's favorite banker .
Moynihan threw his support behind the administration 's proposal to create a consumer financial protection agency earlier this year and has pledged to do more regarding foreclosures and providing loans to small businesses .
In one telling sign , Moynihan was among a select group of bankers invited to attend last week 's state dinner at the White House .
" Bank of America is no longer the four - letter word it was , " said Ken Thomas , a Miami - based independent bank consultant and economist .
" [ Moynihan ] changed the perception . "
As recently as last fall , Bank of America could seem to do nothing right .
It was embroiled in an ugly legal fight with the Securities and Exchange Commission , for example , over its decision to pay bonuses to former Merrill Lynch employees .
Much of that blame was laid upon Lewis , who almost single - handedly pushed through the Merrill purchase .
Faced with an overwhelming amount of criticism from shareholders and lawmakers over the deal , he stepped down as CEO at the end of last year .
In his short time leading the firm , Moynihan appears to be going out of his way to make amends .
Since securing the top spot , the Ohio native has reportedly spent a lot of time talking with company employees , scheduling town halls and even making unannounced visits of the company 's retail locations .
" It 's one of the things that you need to do , " he said in a recent interview with the Charlotte Observer .
A Bank of America spokesman acknowledged that employee optimism has been an integral part of putting everything else on the right track .
Even shareholders seem more encouraged about Moynihan 's abilities , given how well the stock has held up despite a steep sell - off in the broader market recently .
Bank of America shares are up nearly 3 % so far this year .
" Even though we opposed his appointment , we are very much behind him and hope he succeeds , " said Jonathan Finger , a partner at the Houston - based investment management firm Finger Interests , who led a successful shareholder campaign aimed at stripping Lewis of his chairman title last spring .
But it would be wrong to attribute the firm 's recent victories to Moynihan alone .
Without Lewis ' purchase of Merrill , it is unlikely the company would have delivered record trading revenue of more than $ 7 billion in the first quarter .
The bank has also enjoyed a tailwind from the broader economic environment , as a decline in the unemployment rate has led to improvement in various lending businesses .
The company 's massive credit card division , for example , swung to a profit last quarter after losing money throughout all of 2009 .
April figures published by the company also revealed that both losses and the number of customers behind on their payments declined during the month .
" He obviously took over when the economy was improving , " said Shannon Stemm , financial services analyst at Edward Jones .
" From that standpoint , we 've seen improvement , and some of that is directly attributable to timing . "
Where Moynihan goes from here however remains a bit cloudy .
Experts agree that the company has no appetite to take on any more large acquisitions after its purchase of Merrill and mortgage giant Countrywide in 2008 .
The bank 's deposit base also is bumping up against the 10 % federal limit .
Some speculate that Moynihan , a former FleetBoston Financial executive who joined BofA when the two merged in 2004 , may be setting his sights overseas , perhaps in growing regions like China .
Recent reports have suggested otherwise however , as the Wall Street Journal recently reported that the company was looking to sell its ownership stake in Brazil 's largest private bank - Bank Itau Unibanco .
Perhaps what is most likely for Moynihan , experts said , is making Bank of America as efficient an organization as possible , including getting its mortgage business in order and adapting to Washington 's new rules of the road for the banking industry .
" We must continue to be flexible and build on our strong tradition , and change to meet our customers ' needs , " Moynihan said , following the announcement of his promotion to the CEO post in December .
" We think of this not as changing the business model , but changing the way we do business . "
A survey of small businesses has found more than 80 per cent believe congestion in Sydney has got worse in the last year .
Motoring organisation NRMA surveyed 382 businesses that are members of its roadside assistance service .
It found that more than a third of respondents have changed their business habits as a result of congestion .
75 per cent said their journey to work was longer that a year ago , while 42 per cent have incurred costs as high as $ 10,000 because of congestion .
NRMA President Wendy Machin says business owners are frustrated with the New South Wales Government for not doing more to fix the problem .
She says some businesses have been forced to move outside the CBD .
" That 's a real indictment on a major city like Sydney to think that we 're forcing people out of the place where they want to do business because the traffic is simply too bad for them to do business there , " she said .
The New South Wales Business Chamber 's Paul Ritchie says incentives are needed so people travel at different times .
" According to the RTA , 20 per cent of peak travel is related to parents taking their children to school , " he said .
" So how can we create some incentives in terms of different starting times for schools ? "
The New South Wales Transport Minister David Campbell says the number of vehicles on some Sydney 's roads has risen , but travel times have not increased significantly .
" Traffic on Sydney 's major roads has increased by 46 per cent over the past 18 years but travel times on Sydney 's most important roads has remained steady , " he said .
" [ That 's ] through a mix of large infrastructure projects and smaller initiatives , such as the pinch point program , and improving public transport . "
The decision to route all purchases through a single payment mechanism makes great sense for Apple , which takes 30 percent of all sales , but it has also helped nurture the ecosystem by making it easier for consumers to buy small apps impulsively with one - click ordering .
People do n’t want to thumb - type credit card information into their phones each time they download a game to distract the kids during a long drive in the car .
One - click purchase also supports lightweight , inexpensive apps , the revenue from which can support small software teams .
Consumers are also willing to experiment with new apps because they know that they have been screened for viruses , malware and other stability problems as part of the App Store ’s approval process .
The fact that the iPhone platform runs exclusively on Apple hardware helps developers innovate , because it means they have a finite number of hardware configurations to surmount .
Developers building apps for , say , Windows Mobile have to create programs that work on hundreds of different devices , each with its own set of hardware features .
But a developer who wants to build a game that uses an accelerometer for control , for example , knows that every iPhone OS device in the world contains an accelerometer .
The maniacal attention to detail and usability in Apple ’s consumer products also applies to its software development platforms .
However much developers might complain about the torturous app approval process or the sharing of revenue , most will tell you that the iPhone development tools are a delight .
Apple took a lot of heat waiting a year after the introduction of the first - generation iPhone to open the App Store .
At the time , it contended that it wanted to ensure that the development tools it shipped met its standards .
The success of the App Store suggests that this patience was well worth it .
None of which is to suggest that the iPhone / iPad ecosystem could n’t benefit from a little more openness .
Apple should stop blocking apps that compete with the iPhone ’s default apps — e-mail clients , for instance — as this is the one area where innovation has truly suffered .
Of course , innovation and democratization are not the only reasons to champion open platforms .
Given the current size of the iPhone ’s installed base , as well as the projections for the iPad ’s adoption , it is troubling that one company can single - handedly veto any new application on a whim .
I can't even imagine the thought process that somehow reached the conclusion that this O.K. on any level .
An Ann Arbor elementary school principal used a letter home to parents tonight to defend a field trip for black students as part of his school ’s efforts to close the achievement gap between white and black students .
Dicken Elementary School Principal Mike Madison wrote the letter to parents following several days of controversy at the school after a field trip last week in which black students got to hear a rocket scientist .
This is just absolutely beyond comprehension .
They took black kids on a field trip to hear a rocket scientist speak , but would n't let the white kids go .
“ The intent of our field trip was not to segregate or exclude students as has been reported , but rather to address the societal issues , roadblocks and challenges that our African American children will face as they pursue a successful academic education here in our community . ”
So , segregating the kids teaches them what , exactly ?
That white kids do n't get as many special favors as black kids ?
There 's more : Apparently the event was " invitation only , " but too many invitations were issued .
As a result , some black girls were simply uninvited .
Does this man not have kids ?
When the field trip kids returned to school , they were greeted with boos from the other students .
Prinicpal Madison heard the story , and went to the class to discuss the situation with the kids .
The children claim that he yelled at the , berating them to the point of tears .
The administrators claim that 's not true : he was just " passionate " about the topic of race .
According to the comments , this is a violation of both the Non-Discrimination Policy of the Ann Arbor Public Schools and the Michigan Civil Rights Initiative , both of which specifically prohibit using skin color as a means of receiving preferential treatment in any program .
The comments are worth checking out .
It 's just amazing to see that there are people who actually think this is ok .
That the school has to " level the playing field . "
I 'm sure Jesse Jackson and Al Sharpton will be arriving any minute now to straighten them out .
The Story
When I was young , I placed my baby teeth under my pillow and when I woke up I 'd find a shiny new quarter .
But whatever happened to those little teeth ?
Where did they go ?
Would I ever see them again ?
Many years later , a little tooth was standing at my door .
First came ickle , a smart and inquisitive little toof with a suitcase full of books .
Then came Lardee , a hungry fellow with a penchant for getting into trouble .
Together these two milk teef keep me company in my cozy little apartment .
Welcome home , my milk toof !
Sarkozy threatened to withdraw France from the euro unless Germany vowed to back Greece
Ultimatum : Nicolas Sarkozy reportedly threatened to leave the euro during a meeting with European leaders over Greece
French president Nicolas Sarkozy threatened to pull out of the euro if Germany did not agree to bail out crsisi-hit Greece .
The revelation revived fears over the future of the single currency , sending the euro to an 19 - month low against the dollar yesterday .
Mr Sarkozy made his ultimatum at a meeting of EU leaders in Brussels last Friday to discuss the mounting eurozone debt crisis , according to reports in the Spanish press .
He apparently demanded ‘ a compromise from everyone to support Greece , otherwise France will have to reconsider its position on the euro ’ .
A Spanish politician at the meeting , quoted by the respected Spanish daily paper El Pais , said : ‘ Sarkozy went so far as to bang his fist on the table and threaten to leave the euro . ’
Sarkozy , who is of Greek ancestry on his mother ’s side , added : ‘ If at a time like this , with everything that is happening , Europe is not capable of a united response , then the euro makes no sense . ’
Referring to German chancellor Angela Merkel , the source added : ‘ That obliged Angela Merkel to bend and reach an agreement . ’
Another source told El Pais : ‘ France , Italy and Spain formed a common front against Germany , and Sarkozy threatened Merkel with a break in the traditional Franco - German axis . ’
News of the fissures in the EU ’s apparently united front against the Greek crisis escalated the turmoil gripping financial markets .
Some £ 44 billion was wiped off the value of Britain ’s biggest companies after the FTSE 100 fell 171 points or 3.1 per cent to 5,263 .
The euro fell to a 19 - month low of $ 1.2365 .
Investors were also spooked by news that Spain , which is one of the Europe ’s most indebted nations , has fallen into deflation .
The surprise drop in consumer prices raised fears that Spain will fall into recession again , which could force Madrid to default on its loans .
The news added to concerns that last weekend ’s £ 95 billion rescue package for the eurozone will not be enough to prevent the single currency falling apart .
Before a meeting with Greek prime minister George Papandreou on March 7 , Mr Sarkozy said : ‘ If we created the euro , we can not let a country in the eurozone fall .
Otherwise there would have been no point in creating the euro .
' We must support Greece because they are making an effort . ’
The euro is becoming increasingly unpopular in France , where it is blamed for sky - high prices .
A spokesman for the president said there would be no comment about Mr Sarkozy ’s reported outburst .
But the German government flatly denied the reports .
Deputy German government spokeswoman Sabine Heimbach said the El Pais report was ‘ without any basis . ’
" What the hell is it ? "
That 's been the question around team - based shooter Brink for a while now .
It 's multiplayer but it 's single - player .
It 's like its predecessors Quake Wars and Wolfenstein : Enemy Territory but it 's totally new .
It 's a way into online shooting for newcomers but it 's hardcore .
It 's ... nope , no idea .
Until now .
Now we know , and we know well enough to be enormously excited about where UK studio Splash Damage are going now their young lips have been prised away from the id Software teat .
" What we 're trying to do with Brink really is create something that newbies can get into , " says Splash Damage 's mile - a- minute bossman Paul Wedgewood , " and that starts with co-op .
We really believe that if we can get more people in through the co-operative mode they 'll want to keep playing online .
"
The idea , essentially , is that going from single - player to multiplayer is no longer a leap - instead , it 's a gentle staircase with a sturdy handrail .
" The next thing you solve is the problem of people being outflanked if they 've only ever played corridor shooters .
What we do is slowly introduce ideas in the map that prepare you for multiplayer " .
Documenting the near - future conflict between the anarchic , lo -fi Resistance and the slick peace - through - tyranny Security in a failing socio- environmental utopia known as the Ark , this is no series of random deathmatch arenas .
You 'll play through a story - two , in fact , as both factions are playable - interspersed with high - quality cut-scenes which reveal the Ark 's secret past and desperate future .
There are personal moments too .
We 're shown a sad 'n ' angry Resistance member revealing that his brother has joined up with Security , and worrying what would happen should he encounter him in battle .
And battle there will indeed be - you 'll spending your time in Brink shooting a lot of dudes in large , objective - packed levels .
Sounds an awful lot like a single - player game , does n't it ?
Yet it 's also a collection of tightly - designed maps in which you pick a class , join a team and vie with the opposing faction for points and kills .
Sounds an awful lot like a multiplayer game , does n't it ?
It 's both .
Brink 's aim is to tear down the church and state separation of single and multiplayer , so you 're using the same disciplines , chasing the same goals and enjoying the same rewards however you play .
This is , of course , the theory : other games are sniffing around the same idea , with Left 4 Dead arguably at the head of this young pack .
With Brink though , there 's a real sense of no compromise .
This is not two separate modes which happen to be linked by persistent unlocks and experience points : it 's one sprawling action game which you choose to play in your preferred fashion .
It 's the dog that did n't bark , the issue that no one feels pressed to talk about .
Where , in the election battle , is the environment ?
To judge by the manifestos of the three biggest parties , it 's a long way down the list .
Even before you read what they have to say , you can see that it 's hardly at the front of their minds .
The environment section is three - quarters of the way down both the Labour and Conservative documents : third to last in Labour 's ; second to last in the Tories ' .
You 'll find it three - fifths of the way down the Liberal Democrat manifesto , though in fairness it says more about the issue in the preceding sections than the other parties do .
The environment has scarcely featured in the media debate , and I 'm not holding my breath for the televised hustings tonight .
They 're all making vaguely appropriate noises , but it 's obvious that the issue is off the agenda .
Labour 's manifesto contains little that 's new and less that 's arresting .
This is partly because the government has launched plenty of green initiatives in the last couple of years , but it 's a sign of how little the environment counts in this contest that Labour did n't bother to save much up for the manifesto .
Obliging landlords to ensure that the homes they rent are well insulated is a step forward ; and I 'm glad to see that Labour wants to encourage local communities to invest in windfarms and other co-operative projects .
It will also start – only 20 years behind some other European nations – to separate public litter bins to encourage recycling .
Like both the Conservatives and Lib Dems ( the consensus on this issue is encouraging ) , it wants to ban the sale of illegally logged timber .
But it 's still committed to widening motorways and building a third runway at Heathrow .
There 's a sense throughout the manifesto that green concerns are being tacked on to other policies , rather than presenting a fundamental challenge to them .
Considering the predilections of most of their members , the Conservatives ' manifesto could have been a lot worse .
The party still supports the government 's greenhouse gas targets .
It wants to encourage offshore windfarms , but says nothing about onshore developments .
It plans to give every household up to £ 6,500 of energy - improvement measures , but says nothing about making their uptake compulsory , even in rented homes .
The Tories want to adopt the sensible Japanese system for improving the efficiency of household appliances .
Like Labour , they hope to reform the common fisheries policy , though they emphasise their badger - killing credentials to keep the farmers happy .
They would n't build a third runway and would protect disused railway lines from development in case they are needed in future .
The party says it wants to give " the concerns of cyclists much greater priority " , which is a dramatic change from its policy in the 1990s , but in the next paragraph says it wants to scrap speed cameras , which would put cyclists at greater risk .
The Lib Dems have some good ideas , such as refurbishing shipyards to manufacture wind turbines and the eco cashback scheme , which pays you to install double - glazing or replace your old boiler .
They want to cut rail fares , introduce road pricing , tax freight planes and stop the third runway .
Like Labour but unlike the Conservatives , they want compulsory water - metering in areas where supplies are short , and they want to restore rivers and wetlands to reduce the risk of flooding .
But they want to use changes to the tax regime to deliver " the maximum long - term benefit to the UK economy of the remaining North Sea [ oil and gas ] reserves " .
This suggests that , like the other two parties , they have n't thought the issue of greenhouse gases through .
They all want to reduce demand for fossil fuels while maximising supply .
It 's partly because there 's not a great deal that divides these parties that the environment has featured so little in the election campaigns .
It 's also because economic issues have distracted them , while Labour and the Conservatives are both desperate to prove that they are the party of big business .
All three parties want to rescue the economy by increasing consumption , while crossing their fingers and hoping that this wo n't clash with their environmental aims .
So there 's some truth in the claim made at the front of the manifesto launched this morning : " Only the Green party understands the need for a new economic and environmental settlement , in which our economy and our environment work with rather than against each other . "
Let 's hope the Greens manage to stir the issue up a bit .
If you have ever wondered how much it is worth for a team to win the Monaco Grand Prix then wonder no longer .
After every Grand Prix F1's industry monitor Formula Money analyses the value of the exposure of all the on-car brands during the race .
In a nutshell this shows how much they would have to pay to get equivalent advertising time on - screen and Red Bull leads the field by a considerable margin .
Red Bull Racing 's one - two victory gave the drinks company £ 14.9 m of Advertising Value Equivalent ( AVE ) with a further £ 5.3 m coming from Toro Rosso .
Overall , Red Bull had a 75.8 % share of non-sponsor brands such as those of team owners and team names .
Santander and Petronas were the two sponsors with the highest AVE of over £ 3.5 m each .
Perhaps more surprisingly , Kingfisher followed them getting £ 3 m of exposure which was largely a function of its wide coverage on the Force India cars and their respectable eighth and ninth places .
The running total of exposure value for all brands ( including team owners and sponsors ) after just six races puts Red Bull on a massive £ 92.5 m - more than it spends on F1 annually .
Trailing way behind in second place is Vodafone on £ 27 m followed by Santander with an AVE of £ 22.6 m .
Red Bull is also winning another important race and this is the cost per point scored .
This shows the value for money of the investment made by F1's team owners and Red Bull leads the way since it spent just £ 170,000 per point in Monaco .
F1's new teams can't be ranked in this since they failed to score points but to give an indication of Red Bull 's achievement , each point scored by Mercedes cost the car manufacturer an estimated £ 1.7 m .
Sunday marked the 42nd anniversary of the assassination of Martin Luther King , Jr. While best known as a leader of the African - American Rights movement in the 1960s , King also fought for the “ reconstruction of [ American ] society , ” which he said was being poisoned by poverty , militarism and materialism .
Exactly one year before his death , Reverend King delivered a speech , Beyond Vietnam , in which he denounced the United States ’ military involvement in Indochina .
He vividly recounted the widespread destruction of land , of institutions , of Vietnamese self - determination and of the Vietnamese themselves .
“ They watch as we poison their water , as we kill a million acres of their crops .
They must weep as the bulldozers roar through their areas preparing to destroy the precious trees .
They wander into the hospitals , with at least twenty casualties from American firepower for one “ Vietcong ” - inflicted injury .
So far we may have killed a million of them — mostly children . ”
King connected U.S. efforts in Vietnam with suffering at home , calling the war “ the enemy of the poor ” because it diverted human beings and their creative capacities away from the construction of society and enlisted them , instead , toward its destruction .
This speech marked the expansion of King ’s work beyond support for Civil Rights and beyond opposition to U.S. military operations in Southeast Asia .
He addressed what he called the “ spiritual ” health of American society .
This business of burning human beings with napalm , of filling our nation ’s homes with orphans and widows , of injecting poisonous drugs of hate into veins of people normally humane , of sending men home from dark and bloody battlefields physically handicapped and psychologically deranged , cannot be reconciled with wisdom , justice and love .
A nation that continues year after year to spend more money on military defense than on programs of social uplift is approaching spiritual death .
These words were matched with action .
Most prominently , King helped organize the Poor People ’s Campaign , which called for money to be redirected from military use to social use .
It demanded the government pass an “ economic bill of rights ” committed to increasing access to housing , resources and employment .
But in the embryonic stage of the Poor People ’s Campaign – officially considered the ‘ second phase ’ of the Civil Rights Movement – King was assassinated .
With its foundation suddenly ripped away , the campaign collapsed .
Forty - two years later , major remembrances of Reverend King typically discuss his Civil Rights work and little else .
They fail to place the issue of Civil Rights within the context of his broader critique of American policies , domestic and foreign .
Forty - two years later , that critique is still incisive .
As economic inequality and mass unemployment tear at the health of the nation , our government fights two needless wars that rob us of lives , of wealth and of community .
Still , there is now , as there was then , hope for revitalization .
America , the richest and most powerful nation in the world , can well lead the way in this revolution of values .
There is nothing , except a tragic death wish , to prevent us from reordering our priorities , so that the pursuit of peace will take precedence over the pursuit of war .
There is nothing to keep us from molding a recalcitrant status quo with bruised hands until we have fashioned it into a brotherhood .
Measuring longer than a school bus and sporting tentacles covered in razor - sharp hooks , the colossal squid is the stuff of nightmares .
However , new research suggests the enormous sea creature may not be the fierce hunter of legend .
This finding not only upends science 's understanding of the squid itself , but forces a reevaluation of its role in the entire ecosystem where it lives some 3,000 to 6,000 feet ( 914 to 1,830 meters ) beneath the Antarctic sea .
This new view of the colossal squid comes from data analysis made by marine biologists Rui Rosa , of the University of Lisboa , Portugal , and Brad Seibel , of the University of Rhode Island .
Rosa and Seibel looked at the relationship between metabolism ( how the body 's cells turn food into energy ) and body size for smaller squids in the same family and used the information to predict the metabolism of the colossal squid ( Mesonychoteuthis hamiltoni ) .
IN PICTURES : Monsters of the deep
( The so - called giant squid belongs to the genus Architeuthis , a different group of animals from the colossal squid . )
They found , the squid would 've had a slower metabolism and so moved slower than expected , waiting for prey , rather than running it down .
" Everyone thought it was an aggressive predator , but the data suggests otherwise , " Rosa told LiveScience .
" It 's a squid that weights half a ton with hooks in its tentacles , but our findings show it ’s more like just a big blob . "
Contrary to the image of Kraken - like shellfish attacking ships and dragging sailors to their deaths , this new data paints a picture of a mostly sedentary creature , Rosa said .
Rather than swimming after prey , the colossal squid would wait to ambush passing fish .
And if the colossal squid consumed and expended less energy than previous thought , as this data indicates , then biologists will also need to reevaluate the squid 's role as whale food , Rosa said .
" Because the squid is more cold - blooded than we thought , they are not really that nutritious , " Rosa said .
" The whale is not getting much by eating it .
They 'd have to consume a lot of squid to maintain their lifestyle . "
Rosa also noted that since so little is known about the colossal squid , almost any new discoveries are likely to overturn existing theories .
The fact that the squid lives in such deep and frigid waters makes it almost impossible for scientists to acquire new specimens .
" We did n't really have live measurements , because it 's almost impossible to go to the ocean and catch one , " Rosa said .
" We know more about the moon than the deep sea .
It 's a cliché , but it 's true , especially in the Antarctic . "
The study was detailed online on April 20 in the Journal of the Marine Biological Association of the United Kingdom .
IN PICTURES : Monsters of the deep
Atheists have hit back at criticism by religious leaders , claiming the clergy have made non-believers a scapegoat for declining church congregations .
Several church leaders have used their Easter sermons and messages to condemn the increase in atheism , with Sydney Anglican Archbishop Peter Jensen on Friday describing non-belief as an " assault on God " .
Bishop Anthony Fisher .
His comments come a day after Sydney Catholic Archbishop Cardinal George Pell also criticised non-believers .
The Atheist Foundation of Australia said on Friday Dr Jensen 's claims were " preposterous " and condemned Christianity for a spate of child sex abuse scandals .
I have to say – I love London .
And it would be great to be in London on the night of a general election , in the thick of things .
But the BBC is doing a great job of bringing us there and helping us share in the excitement .
The infographics are great !
They have a great “ dominos ” graphic to visualise the seats that have been lost .
The seat projection on Big Ben is cool , too .
The long wall graphic for swing vote analysis is good , but the metaphor is not obvious and a little hard to follow .
What ’s with the data - table ?
And the floor - maps ?
I love the “ infographic room ” concept .
Interacting with data in 3D .
So cool .
Also super- cool : the House of Commons seat simulater with the human avatars sitting in their chairs and fidgeting convincingly .
A little unsettlingly real - looking , but cool .
The virtual pavingstones , each representing a seat in House of Commons , with a majority leading up to the door of 10 Downing Street ( the British Prime Minister ’s residence ) were a great idea .
Seeing the path of Conservative pavingstones end just a couple of steps before the door of 10 Downing St. really brought home how David Cameron must feel about getting “ so close but so far ” to the seat of power .
Now that I ’ve had a chance to watch this a bit , I am getting the infographics better – so well done , but it requires concentrated viewing !
It ’s not “ glanceable ” like Canadian or American graphics tend to be .
Much to be learned here about effective election coverage .
A funny thing is that the election is how aggressive the interviewers and commentators are with interview subjects .
Also , the way commentators are stage hogging to maximise airtime !
Despite the expressed desire of the host to cutaway to an announcement .
Hilarious .
That would never happen in Canada .
Another thing to note : BBC host Jeremy Paxman is being outrageously partisan in his conversation with Labour and LibDem pundits – he shuts them down all the time .
Saying “ Oh , it ’s over ! ” to the Labour pundit .
Crazy .
Some quotes I picked up on ( sorry , I do n’t know the personalities well enough to attach a name to each ) :
“ Oh , it ’s over ! ” ( Paxman )
“ It all looks quite well … hung . ” ( Paxman )
“ Those are words that have multiple meanings and not always to one ’s taste ” “ Well , I do n’t know about your taste , but here ’s some more coverage in Wales . ” ( Dimbleby )
“ You may see your McDonald ’s in Britain priced in Euro , yet ! ” ( Dimbleby )
“ You have lost one of the safest LibDem seats in Britain !
What do you have to say about it ? ” ( Paxman )
“ The exception is more common than the rule at the moment ! ” ( Dimbleby )
“ No one has the sense of a victor .
Everyone is just biting their lips and looking worried . ” ( Dimbleby )
“ Oh , so the House of Lords is some kind of democratic model , now , is it ? ” ( Paxman )
“ Yeah , yeah , yeah … cut the sloganizing for a second or two .
Let me ask you a question : will you do a deal with the Liberal Democrats ? ” ( Paxman )
“ It ’s about 3:20 in the morning .
Ca n’t we just have a straight answer ? ” ( Paxman )
“ What ?
You ca n’t hear me ?
See if you can do some lip - reading , if you ’ve got a monitor there … ” ( Paxman )
“ People are fighting like ferrets in a sack . ” ( Dimbleby )
“ I feel like Noddy in Toyland on my first day –what on earth is going on ? ” ( Paxman )
“ It ’ll be a coalition of the defeated , that ’s the problem ! ” ( Paxman )
“ What are you doing , taking our hospitality , but you wo n’t pay the BBC television licence ?!
That ’s not on ! ”
“ This is meant to be a first - world country !
What is happening would bring shame to a developing country . ” ( Dimbleby )
“ David Davis , your party probably could have done just as well , even with you leading it . ”
“ Do n’t you love pictures of cars ?
Cars going down motorways . ” ( Paxman )
“ The party ’s thinning out , but the bar ’s still open which means that there are a lot of journalists about . ”
“ Any party going into election with Gordon Brown , would be happy to win even one seat . ” ( Paxman )
“ A national government of all the talents – they ’re not a lot , but put them all together . ”
“ Lord Ashcroft , so you ’re joining Britain again . ”
“ You could put it that way , but I am going to stay in the Lords . ”
“ Looks as if our country will be carpeted in wind farms to appeal to all the greenies . ”
What ’s funny is that sometimes the tech is n’t working - the smart board is unresponsive at times !
From an analysis perspective , it looks like the swing vote is very localised in that depending on the local context , the swing is going pro-Tory and against the LibDems , or pro-Tory and against Labour .
Not very predictable .
A major scandal and results - challenge coming because of the people across the UK who were denied the vote .
High voter turnout is great , but they should have been prepared .
Oh , and I love the sexy lapel ribbons and line - ups of crazy fringe candidates behind the winning candidate !
The real takeaway from this election so far is that the Brits have voted overwhelming for electoral reform .
OK , it ’s late .
Time for bed .
Advertisements
Share this : Email
Print
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Tumblr
Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
More
Pocket
Farber deferred praise , saying that by charging into danger to rescue the victims he " merely put off the fate that befalls us all . "
SCHAUMBURG , IL —
In an ultimately futile act some have described as courageous and others have called a mere postponing of the inevitable , existentialist firefighter James Farber delayed three deaths Monday .
Advertisement
" I 'm no hero , " Farber said after rescuing the family from a house fire on the 2500 block of West Thacker Street , and prolonging for the time being their slow march toward oblivion .
" Like any other man , I am thrown into this world , alone and terrified , to play a meaningless role in an empty life .
In my case , that role happens to involve charging through towering blazes to pull helpless individuals from a sea of flames before they suffocate or are burnt alive . "
Added Farber , " That hardly makes me a paragon of virtue . "
At 2:30 a.m. Monday , the alarm sounded at Farber 's station house , causing the despondent firefighter to emerge from a deep malaise and , though still absorbed by the sense of dread that has preoccupied him since youth , respond promptly to the request for assistance at the home of Stanley and Joyce Morgenstern .
Advertisement
According to department officials , Farber , a 13 - year veteran of Ladder Company 8 , climbed through a kitchen window and , despite carrying with him a heavy burden of alienation , managed to see all three members of the family to safety .
" He came out the front door with a body slung over each shoulder , and seconds later there was this big fireball and beams started falling and the whole thing caved in , " neighbor Judy Neal said .
" When it was all over , he just sort of stood there emotionless and silent , as if nothing had happened at all . "
Advertisement
" I think I even saw him shrug , " she added .
While acknowledging that the Morgenstern family no longer has a home , authorities said it really makes no sense to bemoan this fact , as things like this happen every day , and it 's no use trying to pretend that , in and of itself , existence is anything but a provisional circumstance over which we exert limited control .
Advertisement
Though the cause of the fire remains unknown , and can perhaps never truly be known , sources close to the investigation said that no foul play is suspected , only the haphazard , amoral processes inherent in nature itself .
" The house will be rebuilt , or perhaps it won't , " Farber said of the destruction .
" Perhaps an entirely new building will be built there , one that 's not even a house .
Or maybe it will remain a vacant lot , and a tree will grow there , and some day , long after I and everyone I know has died , young children will come here and play in its branches . "
Advertisement
Farber became a firefighter in 1997 , although he stresses that he could just as easily have ended up a baker , an attorney , or a parking garage attendant , depending on whether or not circumstances led him to find himself in such a life .
As for the ultimate consequences of his actions Monday , Farber said they will forever remain uncertain .
Advertisement
" The family has thanked me repeatedly , especially for saving the life of their only child , but their gratitude ignores the full , crushing weight of reality , " said Farber , his brow furrowed .
" The world may have all kinds of torture in store for that kid , misery that could have been avoided if not for me . "
" I tried to explain to them that what I did was really nothing more than an expression of despair , and thus absurd , but they just kept saying ' thank you , oh my God , thank you , thank you so much , ' " Farber continued .
Advertisement
With local residents applauding the rescue as an inspiring act of bravery , Farber acknowledged to reporters that entering a burning building and knowing you may never come out is indeed a scary thing .
But , he argued , it takes far more courage to face down the fear that comes each day from the horrifying and inescapable knowledge that , at any given moment , a man has the complete freedom to simply pour gasoline all over himself , strike a match , and let himself burn .
When asked if he felt something , anything , after briefly extending the lives of three human beings , Farber replied in the negative .
Advertisement
" I was doing what , at that moment , I was doing , " he said .
" Tomorrow , if there is another fire , I will do the same .
Perhaps in that fire , I will be the one who is killed .
Or , on the other hand , perhaps I will not .
Either way , there will be anguish and sorrow at some unknown point . "
Added Farber , " There always is . "
A New Baby Boom ?
Foreign ' Birth Tourists ' Seek U.S. Citizenship for Children U.S. births to non-resident mothers rose 53 percent since 2000 .
April 14 , 2010  -- Millions of foreign tourists visit the United States every year , and a growing number return home with a brand new U.S. citizen in tow .
Thousands of legal immigrants , who do not permanently reside in the United States but give birth here , have given their children the gift of citizenship , which the U.S. grants to anyone born on its soil .
The number of U.S. births to non-resident mothers rose 53 percent between 2000 and 2006 , according to the most recent data from the National Center for Health Statistics .
Total births rose 5 percent in the same period .
Among the foreigners who have given birth here , including international travelers passing through and foreign students studying at U.S. universities , are " birth tourists , " women who travel to the United States with the explicit purpose of obtaining citizenship for their child .
Catering to the women is a nascent industry of travel agencies and hotel chains seeking to profit from the business .
The Marmara Manhattan , a Turkish - owned luxury hotel on New York 's City Upper East Side , markets birth tourism packages to expectant mothers abroad , luring more than a dozen pregnant guests and their families to the United States to give birth last year alone .
" What we offer is simply a one - bedroom suite accommodation for $ 7,750 , plus taxes , for a month , with airport transfer , baby cradle and a gift set for the mother , " Marmara Hotel spokeswoman Alexandra Ballantine said .
The hotel estimates the total cost of the package at $ 45,000 .
Most women stay for two months , Ballantine said , and they make medical arrangements on their own .
" Guests arrange and pay for these by themselves , " she said of hospital costs that can approach $ 30,000 .
For those with the means to pay , it 's a small price to give a child the full benefits of U.S. citizenship , including the ability to travel freely to and from the United States , easy access to a U.S. education and a chance to start a life here .
" We found a company on the Internet and decided to go to Austin [ Texas ] for our child 's birth , " Turkish mother Selin Burcuoglu told Istanbul 's Hurriyet Daily News .
" I do n't want [ my daughter ] to deal with visa issues .
American citizenship has so many advantages . "
The greatest of those advantages may be the ability of the citizen child to later sponsor the legal immigration of his or her entire family permanently to this country , experts say .
The " birth tourism " industry , which is difficult to track and remains largely anecdotal , has been on the rise for years , according to government and participants reports .
' Birth Tourism ' on the Rise ?
Of the 4,273,225 live births in the United States in 2006 , the most recent data gathered by the National Center for Health Statistics , 7,670 were children born to mothers who said they do not live here .
Many , but not all , of those mothers could be " birth tourists , " experts say , although it is difficult to know for sure .
The government does not track the reasons non-resident mothers are in the United States at the time of the birth or their citizenship , meaning births to illegal immigrants who live in the United States are counted in the overall total .
In recent years , many women have come from Mexico , South Korea , China and Taiwan , but the trend now extends to countries in Eastern Europe , such as Turkey , where as many as 12,000 children were born in the United States to Turkish parents since 2003 by one estimate .
The business of birth tourism is perfectly legal as long as immigrants are able to pay their own way .
The State Department and Department of Homeland Security have no specific regulations banning pregnant foreigners from entering the United States .
But officials say they can and do turn away pregnant women with obvious designs on coming to the United States to take advantage of free medical care .
" When determining if an individual will be allowed to enter the U.S. , Customs and Border Protection officers take into consideration the date the child is due for delivery and the length of time the individual intends to stay in the U.S. , " a Department of Homeland Security spokesman said .
Still , critics say the practice largely goes unchecked and exploits the true meaning of the 14th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution , enacted after the Civil War to grant citizenship to descendants of slaves .
" All persons born or naturalized in the United States , and subject to the jurisdiction thereof , are citizens of the United States and of the state wherein they reside , " the amendment reads .
" It 's really an incorrect interpretation of the 14th Amendment , " said Jerome Corsi , a conservative author and columnist who has studied the issue of birth tourism .
" Birthright citizenship is a loophole … [ and ] as it expands into a business for entrepreneurs in foreign countries who offer birth tourism packages , it markets the loophole to attract additional mothers to the U.S. "
Lino Graglia of the University of Texas law school wrote in the Jan. 11 Texas Review of Law & Politics that the authors of the 14th Amendment never would have imagined their words bestowing citizenship to illegal or visiting immigrants .
" It is difficult to imagine a more irrational and self - defeating legal system than one which makes unauthorized entry into this country a criminal offense and simultaneously provides perhaps the greatest possible inducement to illegal entry , " Graglia wrote of birthright citizenship .
Closing the ' Birth Tourism ' Loophole
The Supreme Court has only addressed the issue once , ruling in 1898 that citizenship applies to U.S. - born children of legal immigrants who have yet to become citizens .
Some legislators , including U.S. Rep. Gary Miller , R - Calif. , have called for revising the Constitution to forbid citizenship by birth alone and thereby end the attraction of birth tourists .
But other politicos , from both sides of the aisle , say such an approach is politically unrealistic , not to mention unnecessary .
" You just turn people down for being pregnant , " said Mark Krikorian of the Center for Immigration Studies .
" That should be the default position and then there 'd have to be some very good reason for an exception . "
Krikorian acknowledged that some people might find a ban on pregnant visitors " outrageous , " but questions the rationality of the alternative .
" Do you really think that 's right that somebody here visiting Disneyland should have their children be U.S. citizens , which they 'll then inevitably use to get access to the U.S. ? " he asked .
Krikorian and others call the offspring of birth tourists " anchor babies , " because they can serve as a foothold for future legal immigration of an entire family .
Ali Noorani , executive director of the National Immigration Forum , said he sees the debate about birth tourists in a different light , however , noting that arguments about citizenship of children ignore a fundamental question of humanity .
" If we 're a country that cares about families and family values , then why are we blaming the children for a decision the parents made .
Their only decision was to take a first breath , " he said .
" What is the State Department going to do ?
To fill out a visa application have a woman pee on a stick ? "
The United States is one of the few remaining countries to grant citizenship to all children born on its soil .
The United Kingdom , Ireland , India and Australia , among others , have since revised their birthright laws , no longer allowing every child born on their soil to get citizenship .
Men can nowadays use a good selection of sex toys Quality of modern sex toys is quite convincing
These products can remain in use for many years
Of course , it must be taken into account that in this case it is only the supercategories Each area includes dozens of models , which decide in appearance and function , followed by a complete overview of all the sex toys for men and what they have to offer .
Prostate ( prostate gland ) the G - spot of the man and can be stimulated accordingly in heterosexual and homosexual men to experience a high quality orgasm :
The Stamina Training Unit was specifically designed to replicate the intense sensations of intercourse , which can help users increase sexual stamina , improve performance and techniques , and heighten and intensify orgasms
The COBRA LIBRE is the sex toy made for the head of the penis !
This massager surrounds the tip of the penis with its soft , velvety interior made of medical - grade silicone .
Proving that great things really do come in small packages !
The TENGA Egg now has seventeen different varieties and are available as single units or in half dozen boxes to bring you a little bit of random excitement each time .
Today we can expect an equally wide range of sex toys for women and men , most of which are suitable for both hererosexual and homosexual men , for example the use of an anal plug or dildo to massage a man ’s prostate .
My TOP 10 Sextoys for Men
Which Sextoy For Men Is The Best ?
Depending on the category of sex toys for men , whether dildos , fleshlight , vibrators , penis rings , electrosex , sex dolls or masturbators , it must be decided separately which toys are the best .
orgastic experiences .
The following selection of the best toys was made accordingly after my experiences and therefore does not apply to all gentlemen .
Fleshlight
With the models of Fleshlight is above all the STU where the abbreviation for Stamina Training Unit
This means that all male users can not only achieve a good orgasm with this product , but also train a longer stamina during sexual intercourse , so this sex toy should be used by all men who often come too early during sexual intercourse .
The application is very simple and should also be used by men , who are still not so much experience Simply put the masturbator over the penis and then put it into the desired velocity
If you want , you can also place the Fleshlight on a table and penetrate actively .
Masturbators
In this category not only the best product can be named , but also the following ones Fleshlight Riley Reid and Alexis Texas .
In addition , there are the Tenga Eggs , Satisfyer Men and Bold Triple .
These articles make it possible for men to quickly find their way to the apogee
The respective masturbators feel quite realistic , so that sometimes the feeling of a real vagina arises .
links click here in the section .
For each of the four masturbators mentioned above , you can basically expect the same application : simply put it over your penis and then move it up and down .
used once
All other products can be disposed of after application .
simply cleaned in order to use them for many years .
Penis rings
Penis rings have to be differentiated between models with and without vibration , and models with vibration stimulate both male and female users , so that both partners have more fun , while penis rings without vibration are mainly about increasing the stamina of the man , which means that the blood in the penis remains hard and stiff for longer , with many high quality models such as penis rings .
The ring must be pulled over the penis when it is already erect , and it is very important to make sure that the ring is not too tight , but a good “ wearing comfort ”
If the penis ring is too tight , however , it must be removed directly to prevent the penis ring from becoming too tight .
tissue damages avoidable .
Massagers
This massage stick can easily be used to stimulate erogenous zones in men , especially the massage from the penis shaft or the glans , the advantage of which is that the Europe Magic Wand has a plug and therefore not only has a lot of power , but can also be used permanently without the need to charge the battery .
The massage can be carried out either by the man himself or by his or her sex partner .
prelude , to get into the right mood and to create a hard erection to get .
Acorn Simulators
As you can see in my Top - 10 , the most interesting is the Cobra Dragonfly 2
The two motors allow the penis to be massaged very gently or even powerfully , depending on what the man likes better , and it is not without good reason that experts and users call the device “ acorn cuddly ” .
Especially gentlemen who have such a Glans flatterer never used before
The sometimes strong vibration ensures that the penis is stimulated very quickly , but this circumstance also ensures that the men ’s body is stimulated .
can train to prolong their orgasm .
Butt plug Similar to the penis ring , there are also models with vibration and others without vibration .
vibration function
It always makes sense to buy a toy with vibration , as more functions can be used in this area .
Primo Heating .
This provides in any case for a unique massage of the anal area , which can lead the man to completely new heights .
It is particularly important to know that the anal Stimulation not only for homosexual men
Even heterosexual men can have fun with this sex toy , of course it is important to have a partner who agrees with the use , otherwise the user should use the anal plug first of all .
by oneself test for oneself .
Prostate stimulator
As has already been mentioned , the prostate gland is the man ’s G - spot .
Boho Jasper Prostate Stimulator
In addition to the vibration , the good workmanship and the skin - friendly material , whether alone or as a couple , with this sex toy for men , surely more Swing into the bedroom .
If you like , you can wear the stimulator not only during sex , but also in the daily life .
Some models are very unobtrusive , so it is possible to hide them under your clothes , for example when shopping or at work , permanent anal stimulation to learn .
Love dolls
The sex dolls are so realistic nowadays that one almost has the feeling of sleeping with a real woman .
Real Dolls .
These not only look very realistic , but also the material choice is chosen in such a way that the surface feels like real skin , especially for single men who currently have no girlfriend .
The Real Dolls are equipped with all characteristics ,
The only big difference is that the material turns out quite cold before application .
hint is the use of a electric blanket , to prepare the love doll for sex .
Electrosex
This is a toy that stimulates by light electric shocks , and the product is particularly good in this area .
mystique .
This sex toy for male users is basically designed like a ring for the penis but additionally has a accumulator , to stimulate the penis by light electric shocks , it is important to know that this kind of ” massage ” does not cause any damage to health and can therefore be used by everyone .
It is important to know when using it that it always refers to the intactness of the respective device
In addition , it makes sense to change the batteries regularly , so that the batteries can not only always be used to their full capacity , but also to keep them from being used in the shower or in the bathtub .
longer storage not to be phased out .
Special types of sex toys
Not only men can buy sex toys for themselves , but there are also products for women with which they can make sex more interesting for men .
These can be panties or bras with a special look , as well as bondage , which allows men or women to be tied to the bed during sexual intercourse , for example .
What man that lucky and in a relationship he can choose together as a couple the just mentioned sextoys for men and then use these concertedly
It should be noted that of course new products are always coming onto the market , in the field of bondage these are among others : handcuffs
trammels
necklaces
lashing
paddles
lingerie
It therefore makes sense to keep up to date with the latest products , thus ensuring that sex toys for men and women can be used at all times that are compatible with the couple most fun yield .
Where to buy sex toys for men ?
The selection of all the sextoys on the market is only the first step , and it is just as important to complete the purchase of these items discreetly and simply .
sex shops Nowadays , orders are placed via the Internet , as this is where the male users anonymous .
This does not mean , however , that there are no more sex shops .
specialty stores
Here you can expect a quite good selection of sex toys for male users .
Internet providers offer the possibility of visiting different websites , so it makes sense to choose reputable contact points to ensure that items such as masturbators , vibrators or the penis ring are of good quality : Cupid
Eis.de
Amazon
Orion
Here you can get an overview of all the sex toys as a prospective customer .
product details
More detailed information can be found in the personal contact with the sellers via email or hotline .
Customers can then clarify further questions in order to be absolutely sure about their purchase .
Comments from users to get even more information about the products .
Afterwards , the articles only have to be placed in the shopping cart
It makes sense to take your time to select and compare the sextoys from different providers , so that you can not only find the articles that the men ’s hearts like the most , but it is also possible . , better prices to be able to use .
Delivery of sex toys for men
After the purchase is completed , you can count on a discreet and neutral shipping with all mentioned providers .
does not allow any conclusion on the content .
Amorelie , Eis.de or Orion use either neutral packages without imprints or packaging printed with the name of the wrong company , so that even curious neighbours cannot see that sex toys have been ordered for male users .
This ensures that the toys , such as the masturbator , the vibrators , the penis rings or the dildo , arrive safely .
Delivery in 1 to 3 working days Longer waiting times are not common , however , and it is also worth mentioning at delivery that the goods can be returned in the same parcel if they do not please you .
In the course of my test I can say that the experience with most sex toys for men was quite good , including the easy use as well as the good workmanship and the mostly quite extensive functions .
easygoing , but also quite for a long time be exploited .
On the other hand , there are also negative reports , which I found on the internet :
As an example it is sometimes described that the respective masturbator does n’t really feel like a vagina .
inconvenient
Please note that in this case the number of negative experiences is limited , so it can be assumed that most articles can be rated as quite good .
Conclusion for sex toys for men – Large selection with great effect Even men can nowadays use a very good selection of sex toys to either satisfy themselves or to make sex more interesting .
Oral or vaginal stimulation .
An anal dildo or vibrator can also be used to massage the prostate gland and in any case the erogenous zones of the men are treated and stimulated .
As a result , not only women have a good selection of all sex toys , but also male users can benefit accordingly .
new designs or advancements
The selection ranges from sex toys for couples to toys for a child .
solo adventure .
Furthermore , it can be concluded that the quality of modern sex toys is quite convincing , which means that these products can remain in use for many years and can be used by men and women .
at any age fulfill their dreams and desires .
FAQ
At what age should I buy sex toys for men ?
Sexuality is perfectly normal .
12 to 15 years ,
As a result , even as a teenager it is possible to choose a sex toy for male users in order to get to know one ’s own body better .
18 years
However , it is always possible to buy via the Internet .
To talk to his parents about his wishes .
On the other hand , men ’s sex toys can also be used until old age , where every man probably knows best how long they can be used and when they can ’t .
It can be said that the sex toys make sense for older men to get themselves in the mood more easily before sex .
Potency problems be prevented .
What is the care of the sextoys like ?
The sex toys for him , whether it is an anal dildo , a masturbator , a vibrator or a penis ring , should be thoroughly cleaned after each use .
moist wiped or you can also use running water
If they are completely watertight , it is advisable to clean them appropriately .
soap for the cleaning .
Afterwards , it makes sense , Silicone or latex care
This ensures that the materials from which the articles are made remain supple for as long as possible , so that a lasting feeling of authenticity can be achieved .
Another important aspect of care is the storage of sex toys , which should be kept well protected , for example , most products are sold together with a transport bag or bag .
Damage and environmental influences such as the ultraviolet rays , which makes the material more brittle , but also provides protection against Dust and dirt is possible in the respective bags .
What should be considered when using the Sextoys ?
If you have experience with men ’s sex toys , you will quickly understand what most products are all about , but if you are using such a product for the first time , you should look at the accurate application
The reason for this is that , for example , injuries to the penis or the anal area can occur if the application is not correctly observed .
The respective instructions for use
In addition , it is especially important at the beginning not to overestimate yourself , but to start slowly with the fun .
However , should problems occur during use , it is important to seek help quickly , for example , depending on the type of emergency , a erotic shop
Here the seller can advise and help to use the toy correctly .
Penile injuries or other areas , however , a medical practitioner be visited .
What is the use of sex toys for men as a couple ?
Basically , you can three approaches
First of all , the man uses the toys alone to prepare for sex , for example by putting on a ring on the penis , the couple uses the sex toys individually but support each other , for example by using a masturbator while the woman uses a vibrator , but both partners are together , kissing and stroking each other .
endorsement .
Finally , it should be mentioned that the sex toys are used directly during sex or are applied by the partner to the man .
Masturbator to the climax
Which variants are used by the couple is up to them .
Is the use of the love toys only suitable for homosexual or heterosexual couples ?
Basically , the articles can be used by anyone who wants to bring more momentum into their love life , but it should be noted that there are correspondingly special versions of the sex toys , such as a masturbator that can be named for a heterosexual man as a vagina looks like .
For homosexual users , a masturbator with the look of an anus is offered , as well as vibrators or dildos , with the advantage that every man , regardless of his sexual orientation , can find the right product for himself .
Couples , who are interested in this topic , should pay a lot of attention to Masturbators and Co. to make the right choice .
Browse our test categories
For couples Sex Toys can enrich the love life of couples very positively .
pair vibrators and surprise boxes to try out together bring fresh wind in the love life .
For you Stimulators such as Womanizer or Satisfyer can create completely new feelings and flights of fancy , but conventional vibrators such as the Rabbit have also proven themselves ..
For Him Masturbators like the Fleshlight provide intense orgasms , penis rings improve sexual endurance and prostate simulators enable completely new sensations .
Mission orgasm equality
Our most important goal on lovetoy - erfahrung .
de is to provide more orgasm equality Unfortunately , men still have on average almost twice as many orgasms during sex as women , due to the mistaken social notion that women reach orgasm mainly through penetration , which is nonsense and we try to explain that women need clitoral stimulation to get to orgasm and give many tips on how to integrate it into their common love play .
People should have the right to orgasms and sexual pleasure regardless of their gender , sexual orientation and current relationship status .
pleasure for all .
The best sex toys in comparison
Meanwhile Sex
Toys have become almost indisputable for couples and singles who want to make their love life more exciting and varied .
About 25,000 products
In addition to dildo , vibrator , masturbator or penis ring , many shops now also offer numerous products from the BDSM and fetish area .
Keep the overview Lovetoy experience supports you in many ways on your way to a more fulfilling and varied love life and we have tested , tested and compared in detail to support you in your search for the perfect sex toy .
Our test winners
Our mission :
We put all kinds of sex toys through their paces for you , but only a few high - quality and well - designed toys stand up to our test criteria .
Why Sex Toys ?
There are many reasons for using sex toys , some people still have the prejudice that sex toys are only for desperate single women , but this is no longer the case .
It is also a fact that most women orgasm many times faster with a good vibrator like the Womanizer than with conventional sex , and many women rarely experience a real climax during sex .
sex toys help to close the so - called orgasm gap ( the uneven distribution with which men and women orgasm ) .
The once meagre selection of toys for men has improved dramatically in recent years and many manufacturers now offer numerous attractively designed products for men .
First aid for your love life Beside test reports to different sex toys and you find in our articles for example :
Tips for springtime in the bedroom
Help with sex lulls in the relationship – Is there cause for concern ?
the ultimate penis ring guide : how to use it correctly ?
Tips and tricks for the first time anal sex
Rescue in case of orgasm problems – this is how you can be guaranteed !
We keep our fingers crossed that you will soon have the best sex of your life thanks to the love toy experience tips , recommendations and guides Love your sex life !
TOP 3 sex toys in test 2018 : Womanizer , Satisfyer , Fleshlight
Womanizer
The models of the Womanizer series are our absolute recommendation .
Stimulates the clitoris completely contact - free by pressure waves , a new type of stimulation that allows the device to give women orgasms at an undreamt - of intensity .
Many women describe the orgasm with the toy as incredibly beautiful .
Because the Sextoy does not rest directly on the clitoris an over- irritation of the sensitive body region is avoided and many users can experience several intensive orgasms with the stimulator .
all models of the sex toy brand like the Pro , the Pro40 or the 2 Go convince with an exceptionally beautiful design and numerous different intensity levels , so that the stimulation can be perfectly dosed .
We have written a detailed test article for each device which summarizes all important information .
Satisfy
Also the high - quality stimulator Satisfyer , which was made famous by the sexshop eis.de , belongs to the new generation of sex toys , which no longer rest directly on the clitoris and can therefore provide a more gentle and intensive stimulation at the same time , unlike a conventional vibrator .
Satisfy is an impressive experience for many women .
The simulators are now available in over 10 different models , including the Pro 2 , the Pro Penguin and the Pro 4 Couples , many of which combine non-contact stimulation by pressure waves with powerful vibration , including a pair vibrator and a high - quality Rabbit vibrator .
The latest development , the Satisfyer Men , is a high - quality masturbator that enables numerous different types of stimulation through different internal channels .
Fleshlight
Tasering methed - up sheep :
This seems to have received a fair bit of attention this week , but there 's simply no way not to cover it .
Since police officers have been required to arrest a growing number of meth heads , TASER sponsored a study to test whether their devices were safe to use .
Obviously , that 's not the sort of thing where you 're going to want to use a human subject , so an animal model was required : sheep .
The sheep were anesthetized , given meth , and then subjected to a variety of taserings .
Full sized adults were fine , within the limits that they experienced various cardiac problems due to meth , but some smaller animals responded poorly to being tasered .
Conclusion : if you need to taser a meth head , weigh them first .
( Hat tip to Reuters Health 's Executive Editor Ivan Oransky for finding this one . )
Oxygen is overrated :
All sorts of small , unicellular organisms do quite well without oxygen — some of them find it positively toxic .
But we 've generally assumed that the high metabolic demands experienced by multicellular organisms means that they can only tolerate limited periods of oxygen deprivation .
We 've assumed wrong .
Deep ocean sediments are generally anoxic , but expeditions to the Mediterranean continue to pull up creatures from the phylum Loricifera .
Instead of mitochondria , these creatures appear to have a derived form of the organelle called a hydrogenosome , which had previously only been seen in single - celled organisms .
Watch out for owner operators :
If the ownership in question involves a surgical clinic , that is .
If a doctor has ownership of a surgical center , they 're apparently more likely to send patients under the knife there through self - referrals .
Tyrranosaurus leech :
Well , technically , Tyrannobdella rex , but a leech nevertheless .
This is a story that keeps getting more freakish as you delve in further .
For starters , there 's the fact that the leech was found in the inner passages of the nose of its victim .
Next , " Unlike any other leech previously described , this new taxon has but a single jaw with very large teeth . "
DNA sequencing from the sample then tells us that there 's an entire lineage of leeches that appear to have specialized in latching on to the inner cavities of mammals , and they 're not especially picky about what orifice they use to get there .
" This unnerving tendency to be invasive has been regarded only as a loathsome oddity and not a unifying character for a group of related organisms , " the authors write about our previously innocent perspective on these creatures .
Apparently , people did n't like the Wall Streeters even before the banking crisis :
There 's a strong tendency to dislike materialists , it seems .
The study was set up so that randomized pairs of undergrads were asked to either talk about an item they had recently purchased , or talk about a past experience .
Either would seem to give the student a good chance to brag , but those who ended up talking about material items were liked less than their experience - focused peers .
Make sure your midlife - crisis - mobile has four wheels :
Based on records of over 60,000 motorcycle accidents , the average age of motorcycle riders is going up .
And that 's a bad thing , as mortality , length of hospital stays , and severity of injuries go up dramatically as people clear 40 years old .
It 's not entirely safe to keep smokers from lighting up in the ICU :
This is something I would n't have predicted .
Anyone who 's watched a smoker try to quit knows how agitated they can get .
Add in pain and partial consciousness , and what do you get ?
Apparently , a strong tendency for the smoker to pull out any tubes and catheters .
Which , I 'd imagine , can have a pretty severe impact on their health if not caught quickly .
Every week Bob Westal whips up a new drink recipe , from the classics we all love to new recipes to try out when you 're out or at home .
A chat with Patrick Stewart , Patrick Stewart interview , Macbeth , Hamlet , Star Trek : The Next Generation
Interviews Home / TV Home / Bullz - Eye Home
Allow me to begin the introduction to this interview with an unabashed boast : it is a testament to my burgeoning ability to separate my work as a journalist from my sideline as an unabashed fanboy that I was able to sit down with Patrick Stewart for an interview about his work for PBS ’s “ Great Performances ” – first as Claudius in “ Hamlet , ” then as the title character in “ Macbeth – and not fully acknowledge my love of “ Star Trek : The Next Generation ” until just as I was standing up to leave .
To some , this may seem like a waste of a perfectly good conversation .
To me , it felt just right … which , frankly , came as a bit of a surprise .
I mean , I ’ve got the complete - series set sitting on a shelf in my living room , and I watched every single episode of the show when it originally aired .
Surely I ’d earned the right to geek out for a bit…and , yet , it just seemed too easy to approach it head on , so I found an easy opportunity to discuss it tangentially in connection with his Shakespearean efforts , and I felt good about it .
Beyond that …well , really , when else was I going to get the chance to ask the man about the time he hosted “ Saturday Night Live ” ?
That ’s not geeking out .
That ’s just making the most of an opportunity .
I walked into the room just as he was in the midst of regaling his assistant with a tale that had come up during the previous interview .
Upon its conclusion , I was introduced as having chatted with Sir Ian McKellen last year .
At this , Sir Patrick … he ’s been knighted now , you know … grinned widely , greeted me warmly , and we took the very short stroll over to our seats .
Bullz - Eye : Do you have a seat preference ?
Patrick Stewart : I prefer this one …
( Gesturing to the cushier of the two chairs ) … unfortunately for you .
( Laughs )
BE : That ’s quite all right .
That ’s what I get for offering .
( Laughs )
Let me just set my recorder down so that it catches your every word , and we can get started .
PS : My God , they get smaller , those things , do n’t they ?
BE : They do .
And it plugs right into the computer , too , which is another bonus .
PS : Wow .
And does it actually write the material for you as well ?
( Laughs )
BE : If only it did !
Well , your assistant mentioned how I ’d chatted with Sir Ian last year , which gives me the perfect opportunity to ask you about your recent work with him in “ Waiting for Godot . ”
Obviously , you two have worked together in the past , but how did you come to team up for that particular production ?
PS : I believe that Sir Ian said , “ Yes , I will do ‘ Waiting for Godot , ’ but I want to do it with Patrick . ” ( Grinning )
Whether it ’s true or not , that ’s the story I ’m putting out there .
And it was the experience of a lifetime .
It nearly killed me , but it was the experience of a lifetime .
BE : It was that exhausting …?
PS : Oh… ( Exhales deeply )
And he ’s doing it again !
As we speak , he ’s re-rehearsing it with another actor !
I mean , there ’s nothing so challenging .
Beckett is fearsomely difficult .
And the two of us are on stage for the entire evening .
But we propped each other up …literally , sometimes .
BE : I heard you say in the panel that you ca n’t go to the pub as much as you used to before you practicing your lines .
PS : Not at all !
In other cases not as much , but with Beckett , not at all .
I ’m going on vacation in a couple of weeks , and I ’m taking my next script with me .
There ’s no such thing as vacation anymore .
There ’s always lines to be learned .
BE : Someone dared to ask the question earlier about why Shakespeare is still successful today , and based on what I ’ve seen from these two productions , I ’d say that at least one reason is because his work is so easily adaptable to different circumstances and different staging .
PS : Yes !
BE : Do have a favorite unique staging that ’s stuck with you over the years , perhaps one that was particularly surprising ?
PS : ( Thinks long and hard )
The one that is most notable would be the Peter Brook “ A Midsummer Night ’s Dream ” in 1970 , which I was subsequently in .
I was not in the original production , but three months after it opened , somebody fell out and I took over .
So I was then in it for a year .
Yes , the famous “ white box ” production .
BE : I called my college Shakespeare professor to tell her that I was speaking with you today , and I asked her if she had any “ Macbeth ” questions .
She wanted to know what you thought about the fact that the sexual tension between Macbeth and Lady Macbeth seems to have increased in productions over the last decade or so .
" I took part in a roundup ( on ' King of Texas . ' )
We improvised a roundup !
David ( Alan ) Grier and me !
David had never been on a horse before in his life !
I ride , so I was okay .
But we had 200 head of cattle and four cameras turning , and the director said , ' Just do it !'
And we had one or two real cowboys , Mexicans , who knew what they were doing , but we spent two hours cutting out cattle and yelling and riding .
An English Shakespearean actor doing a cattle roundup ! "
PS : I would say that it ’s been increasing for more than a decade or so , and I think it ’s just an indicator of the kind of things that interest us today .
It was massively important to Kate Fleetwood and myself , and it was for me at the very beginning because , right at the start , I said to the director , “ I want a young Lady Macbeth , I think this would create a very interesting dynamic , potentially . ”
( Grins somewhat mischievously )
You know , two generations of age difference , which there was .
And is it sexual ?
Oooh , yes .
Yes !
The way she talks in that soliloquy before she arrives …?
The very first thing he says to her is , “ My dearest love ! ”
This is one of the world ’s great monsters .
“ My dearest love ! ” ( Shakes his head ) “ Bring forth men- children only ! ” Fantastic .
Yeah , there ’s sexuality in the relationship , is n’t there ?
And it ’s incredibly important .
Partly because she uses it as a weapon against him .
BE : Playing off the first question a bit , there have been straightforward interpretations of the witches and there have been weird ones .
Where do you think they land in this production ?
PS : Brilliantly .
( Grins )
It ’s the first great shock in the production .
I did n’t see how they filmed that scene , but I remember how it was onstage , and you would … I was waiting to come on for the first instance , with Banquo , and you ’d hear a gasp in the audience because there were three nurses tending to a horribly injured soldier , putting an IV in his arm , giving him plasma and all of that , and they ’ve got their masks on .
( Lowers his voice to a whisper )
But then they take their masks down , and they say , “ When shall we three meet again ? ” ( Adopts an expression of horror )
It used to give me goosebumps just hearing it backstage every night , because the audience was simply not ready for it .
“ My God , these caregivers are actually the witches ! ”
And , of course , you never trust them from that moment on .
And they become witches , servants , guests … but they ’re always around .
And , of course , they also show up at the very end …or , at least , they do in our film .
They do n’t in the play .
But they come back to say , “ It ’s time ! ”
BE : Have you ever been in the midst of a Shakespearean production and found yourself caught up in someone else ’s performance almost to the point of distraction ?
PS : Oh , often , yes .
Often .
I used to watch ( David ) Tennant at times and find myself just completely focused on him .
Oh , often , yeah .
It ’s dangerous , because you forget where you are !
David , certainly , did that to me a lot .
Kate , my Lady Macbeth , she used to frighten me .
When she used to do …
( Adopts ominous tone ) “ When you durst do it , then you were a man ! ”
She would scare the wits out of me !
And when she comes back after the murder , I do n’t have any dialogue , so I just used to watch her , and she was absolutely riveting .
I mean , it ’s fun .
It ’s great to get lost in someone else ’s work .
It ’s just marvelous .
And , you know , I used to find the same with Ian in “ Waiting for Godot . ”
It ’s just delightful and mesmerizing .
Ronald Pickup , who played Lucky and who just had that one nightmarish speech in the middle of Act 1 …?
I ’d completely lose myself , to the extent of not really knowing what I was doing .
But it ’s good .
It ’s great !
It means good work is happening .
BE : Since you ’ve brought up David Tennant , you touched on this earlier when discussing the sci - fi similarities , but what do you think it is about Shakespeare and sci-fi actors ?
I mean , there ’s you , David , Ian ’s obviously done his share , and Brian Blessed , a longtime friend of yours , I remember from “ Flash Gordon . ”
PS : And do n’t let ’s forget William Shatner .
BE : Heaven forbid .
PS : Bill worked at Stratford , Ontario .
He ’s a classical Shakespearean actor .
I think that the experience that we get in making a 400 - year - old text work is exactly what you need for giving credibility and believability to fantasy , science fiction , and the like .
I think that ’s why I was so good at it !
And in Bryan Singer ’s “ X - Men , ” there are a lot of stage actors in there as well .
BE : You mentioned earlier than you ’d never played King Lear .
You did , however , play John Lear .
PS : ( Eyes lighting up ) Ah , yes …
BE : … in “ King of Texas . ”
How was that experience ?
And how was it originally pitched to you ?
PS : ( Smiling )
It was my idea .
BE : Was it ?
I did n’t realize that .
" I love my character ( on ' American Dad . ' )
Bullock is an absolute monster , an unspeakable , despicable monster , and I have so much fun with him . "
PS : Yes , I pitched it .
I was having dinner with Robert Halmi , a great man , and we were going across the road to a restaurant from his townhouse in Manhattan , and he said , “ Come and have a glass of wine first ! ”
And between him pouring the glass of wine and me half finishing it , he had bought the idea .
That ’s what makes Halmi , for me as a then - producer , such a great man .
He ’s one of a handful of people in our business who can say …
( Claps hands together ) “ Yes !
We ’ll do it ! ”
And it ’s done !
He does n’t have to consult , he does n’t have to talk to people , he does n’t have to run it past focus groups .
I said , “ Robert , I ’ve had this idea about ‘ King Lear ’ set in the American west , with Texas for Britain , just after the Mexican / Texas wars , ” and I told him a bit more and then asked him , “ What do you think ? ”
And he said …
( Adopts an uncannily accurate Robert Halmi impression ) “ Goddammit , we ’ll do it !
It ’s fucking brilliant ! ” ( Claps hands together again ) Done !
And the next morning , I was getting contracts to sign .
So , yeah , I had one crack at Lear .
I loved it .
We filmed in Mexico , and my then - wife and I produced it .
Wendy did most of the producing ; I was busy playing the role .
But we filmed in some incredible locations in some incredibly remote bits of Mexico , with a Mexican crew and a German director , Uli Edel .
Oh , it was an unforgettable experience .
From waking up to going to bed at night , an unforgettable experience …including the night that Marcia Gay Harding got out of bed … where were we ?
I ca n’t remember what Mexican town we were in , but she got out of bed in her nightdress , went down outside the hotel , around the back , and put a stop to a cockfight that was happening .
BE : ( Laughs ) Wow .
PS : That ’s balls .
BE : It is .
PS : She ’d looked out of her window and seen what was going on , she went down there , and they scattered .
( Laughs )
So , yeah , it was an amazing experience .
And I got a photograph the other day that reminded me : I took part in a roundup !
We improvised a roundup !
David ( Alan ) Grier and me !
David had never been on a horse before in his life !
I ride , so I was okay .
But we had 200 head of cattle and four cameras turning , and the director said , “ Just do it ! ”
And we had one or two real cowboys , Mexicans , who knew what they were doing , but we spent two hours cutting out cattle and yelling and riding .
An English Shakespearean actor doing a cattle roundup !
BE : You ’re a man of many talents .
PS : Well , of many experiences , anyway .
( Laughs )
BE : Before we ’re out of time , I wanted to step away from Shakespeare and ask you about some of your comedic work .
How did you end up in the Seth Macfarlane camp , voicing Avery Bullock on “ American Dad ” ?
And I know you ’ve made a few appearances on …
PS : … on “ Family Guy ” as well , yes .
You know , I do n’t know .
( Looks legitimately mystified ) I do n’t know !
Um …they sent me a script and pitched the idea , and I thought it was brilliant .
I ’d already seen some of “ Family Guy , ” and I thought that was incredible .
I love animation , too .
I ’m a big fan of animation .
In fact , until I saw “ Avatar ” the other night , I would ’ve said that animation is where the biggest strides are being made in filmmaking .
But now I ’ve seen “ Avatar , ” and I ’ve seen the future … and I think it ’s astonishing .
Astonishing !
I went with my girlfriend and her parents , and we seriously discussed outside going back inside and seeing it a second time .
Um…oh , yes , I have so much fun doing those shows .
Unfortunately , I ’ve only been able to go into their studios twice !
They have this …it ’s almost like a playground .
You can imagine what it ’s like .
But I do it all by phone patch , usually by England .
I love my character .
Bullock is an absolute monster , an unspeakable , despicable monster , and I have so much fun with him .
But , you know , he belongs to the same world as Patrick Stewart in “ Extras . ”
I love doing comedy , and I ’ve got some coming up .
Not the next project , but the two next ones .
Numbers two and three have got a lot of comedy in them , and I ’m really looking forward to that .
BE : Can you speak to what the projects are yet ?
PS : No. ( Smiles ) Sorry .
BE : ( Chuckles ) I knew I could n’t be that lucky .
I know I need to wrap this up , but I do have to ask you about your appearance on “ Saturday Night Live . ”
“ The Love Boat : The Next Generation ” remains one of my all - time favorite sketches .
PS : It ’s very funny , is n’t it ?
Very , very funny .
Unfortunately , I had never seen “ The Love Boat , ” so I had to have it explained to me !
No , from that experience , I take the sketch about the Scottish therapist and my appearance on “ Extras ” as being career highlights .
BE : The Scottish therapist , of course , would be Phil McCracken .
PS : ( Dissolves into laughter ) Phil McCracken .
Yes !
BE : So do you recall how the process of hosting the show went for you ?
Did you sit around a table with the writers as they threw sketch pitches at you ?
PS : Oh , it all happened in such a blur , and … ( Lowers voice ) … I ’ve never been so frightened in all my life .
Standing behind those doors , waiting to go out there .
And you know they ’re rewriting while the show ’s going on , and they ’re changing all of these lines .
I do n’t know how these guys survive it week after week after week .
And I do n’t think I did that well , in retrospect .
I just …I just was n’t that comfortable .
The one thing , though , was working with … ( Hesitates ) … my man in “ Phil McCracken : Scottish Therapist . ”
BE : Mike Myers .
PS : Mike Myers , of course .
Working with Mike was an absolute treat , because I think we sort of had …we were on the same wavelength about what was funny , and I got that .
And I got the one about the demon as well .
( Raises voice ) “ ‘ Til the cows come home ? ” ( Laughs ) I thought that was very funny .
But some of the others , I just could n’t get the tone right , like the guy making the birthday cakes of women sitting on the lavatory .
I just could n’t get that one right .
( Laughs )
And then there was the Michael Jackson sketch , which … ( Grimaces )
BE : Not so funny in retrospect .
PS : Not so funny in retrospect , no .
Oh , well .
Happy days !
( Stands up )
BE : ( Stands up )
Well , I did n’t want to bore you with the “ Star Trek ” questions you ’ve probably heard a thousand times , but I did want to at least tell you that “ The Inner Light ” is my favorite episode .
PS : Mine , too !
BE : Well , there you go .
PS : It was a spec script , you know .
That ’s something that not many people know : it was a spec script .
One of the tiny few that actually got made .
And , of course , my son was in it , and it was the first time I ’d ever worked professionally with my son , so that ’s another reason why it ’s special to me .
There are other stories about that episode , but …
( Grins conspiratorially ) … I ’ll have to save them for my biography , as I ’ll probably be sued when they come out .
BE : ( Laughs )
Well , I look forward to reading that , then .
: As you should .
( Laughs )
The coalition government should " leave no stone unturned " in the search for the truth about the UK 's complicity in foreign torture , the head of Amnesty International has said .
An inquiry promised by William Hague , the foreign secretary , needs to be both independent and able to decide whether any individuals should be prosecuted , said Amnesty 's interim secretary general , Claudio Cordone .
" We look forward to an inquiry that is truly independent and looks not only at potential criminal responsibility but also at Britain 's co-operation agreements with the United States and other countries , " said Cordone .
" It should leave no stone unturned . "
Launching its annual human rights report , Amnesty was highly critical of the last Labour government for " stonewalling " in the face of repeated calls for an independent investigation into the mounting allegations that UK intelligence officials were complicit in abductions , illegal detention and torture since the al - Qaida attacks of September 2001 .
The organisation said it was also concerned about the UK relying on " diplomatic assurances " when carrying out deportations to countries such as Algeria and Jordan .
In London , Amnesty 's UK campaigns director , Tim Hancock , said Britain had lost the moral high ground in recent years , and that the new political era offered an opportunity for the UK to break free of the human rights abuses of the past .
" Both parties in the new government have criticised the previous government on human rights grounds and it's vital that they live up to their fine words now they 're in office , " Hancock said .
" We 're stressing that ' justice gaps ' – where people are cut off from accessing justice – need to be closed all around the world , and it 's only right that the UK delivers on law and order at home and abroad .
While dozens of countries in the world have very poor human rights records , the truth is that ours has been nothing to write home about either . "
The Foreign Office was taken by surprise last Thursday when Hague said that an investigation would be held , and Whitehall officials later insisted that any such inquiry could not start while a number of court cases are ongoing .
Several men who allege UK complicity in their rendition and torture are currently suing MI5 , MI6 and the British government .
The same officials said that any inquiry would need to be held in secret – a proposal that has been condemned by human rights groups .
Those organisations say the inquiry should establish :
• who authorised the bilateral agreements with the US that led to Britain offering logistic support for the CIA 's rendition programme of kidnap and torture , and whether any other agreements led to human rights abuses ;
• who authorised the secret interrogation policy , transmitted to MI5 and MI6 officers , telling them they could interrogate people who were being tortured , as long as they did not participate and were not " seen to condone it " ;
• what Downing Street knew about the torture of Binyam Mohamed , and about the torture of several British citizens since 2001 ;
• and what the last foreign and home secretaries , David Miliband and Alan Johnson , knew about the UK 's involvement in torture and rendition .
Amnesty 's annual report for 2010 , covering 159 countries , condemned a number of influential nations that it says attempt to stand above human rights laws .
It accused these countries , including the US , Russia and China , of shielding allies from criticism and only taking action when it is politically convenient .
The organisation also criticised the EU for failing to live up to its commitments on human rights , citing the tolerance of the CIA 's rendition flights and secret detention program .
It added that several European countries had repeatedly violated rulings by the European court of human rights against the return of terror suspects to countries where they are at risk of torture .
Amnesty also recorded torture , unfair trials and restrictions on free speech in dozens of countries , singling out Saudi Arabia , Iran , China , North Korea , Myanmar , Russia and Sri Lanka for criticism .
As Lloyd Blankfein prepares to testify today that Goldman Sachs is innocent of allegations that the company knowingly sold bad products to clients , Senate investigators are saying that Abacus was just the tip of the iceberg .
Stay tuned for fireworks :
In a statement prepared for the hearing and released on Monday , Mr. Blankfein said the news 10 days ago that the S.E.C. had filed a civil fraud suit against Goldman had shaken the bank ’s employees .
“ It was one of the worst days of my professional life , as I know it was for every person at our firm , ” Mr. Blankfein said .
“ We have been a client - centered firm for 140 years , and if our clients believe that we do n’t deserve their trust we cannot survive . ”
Mr. Blankfein will also testify that Goldman did not have a substantial , consistent short position in the mortgage market .
But at the press briefing in Washington , Carl Levin , the Democrat of Michigan who heads the Senate committee , insisted that Goldman had bet against its clients repeatedly .
He held up a binder the size of two breadboxes that he said contained copies of e-mail messages and other documents that showed Goldman had put its own interests first .
“ The evidence shows that Goldman repeatedly put its own interests and profits ahead of the interests of its clients , ” Mr. Levin said .
Mr. Levin ’s investigative staff released a summary of those documents , which are to be released in full on Tuesday .
The summary included information on Abacus as well as new details about other complex mortgage deals .
On a page titled “ The Goldman Sachs Conveyor Belt , ” the subcommittee described five other transactions beyond the Abacus investment .
One , called Hudson Mezzanine , was put together in the fall of 2006 expressly as a way to create more short positions for Goldman , the subcommittee claims .
The $ 2 billion deal was one of the first for which Goldman sales staff began to face dubious clients , according to former Goldman employees .
“ Here we are selling this , but we think the market is going the other way , ” a former Goldman salesman told The New York Times in December .
3 . Now , decide what the jokes tell you about Life in Russia , 1917 - 1941 - think about :
Acknowledgement of the poor performance of Russian agriculture and industry , and of workers
Acknowledgement of the general corruption at every level
Fear of the terror ( including the need to say the ‘ right thing ’ , and the danger of telling anecdotes )
How bad life is under the Soviet regime ( especially about the shortages ) .
2 . Then , talk about what it illustrates about Russian life at the time – try at least to put each joke into one of the following categories :
1 . As you read the following jokes , discuss what each one means and why the Russians found it funny .
The first 50 jokes are so - called ‘ Armenian Radio ’ anecdotes , the Russian equivalent of our ‘ Question : … ; Answer : …’ jokes .
They are based on the popular perception of Armenians as ‘ clever but subversive ’ .
In a society where you could be sent to Siberia for speaking out openly , few Russians criticised the government .
They expressed their views in the forms of jokes – which they called anekdoty ( anecdotes = little stories ) .
The KGB knew about these anecdotes , and you could be arrested for telling them .
The jokes give us unprecedented , secret insight into the attitudes of Russians towards their lives .
Most of these jokes are taken from a wonderful website – called ‘ Laughing Under the Covers ’ – about Russian jokes during the time of Communism .
It now sems to have closed down , so I have reproduced it here with the permission of the author .
We ’re answering : “ Yes , it is true .
Only it was not last Sunday but Monday .
And it was not Akopian but Vagramian .
And not in the state lottery but in checkers .
And not hundred thousand but one hundred rubles .
And not won but lost . ”
This is Armenian Radio ; our listeners asked us : “ Is it true that Akopian had won last Sunday hundred thousand rubles in the state lottery ? ”
We ’re answering : “ It all has melted under the sun of the Soviet Constitution . ”
This is Armenian Radio ; our listeners asked us : “ Why did butter disappear from the stores ' shelves ? ”
We ’re answering : “ No .
We approach our job in accordance with the Marx ' dialectics .
To any question we can give any answer . ”
This is Armenian Radio ; our listeners asked us : “ Are there questions you can't answer ? ”
This is Armenian Radio ; our listeners asked us : “ What methods do our enemies use in their subversive work against the socialist state ? ”
We ’re answering : “ On other planets there is also no life . ”
This is Armenian Radio ; our listeners asked us : “ Is there life on other planets ? ”
We ’re answering : “ Do n't you know that the best products are always selected for export ? ”
This is Armenian Radio ; our listeners asked us : “ Why Solzhenitsyn , Brodsky , Bukovsky , and other dissidents have been exiled from the country ? ”
This is Armenian Radio ; our listeners asked us : “ What is the longest joke ? ”
This is Armenian Radio ; our listeners asked us : “ What is a one word joke ? ”
In the USSR everything is prohibited , even what is permitted .
In France everything is permitted , even what is prohibited .
In Germany everything is prohibited except for what is permitted .
In America everything is permitted except for what is prohibited .
We ’re answering : “ In England , what is permitted , is permitted , and what is prohibited , is prohibited .
This is Armenian Radio ; our listeners asked us : “ What is permitted and what is prohibited ? ”
This is Armenian Radio ; our listeners asked us : “ Is it possible to solve a problem which has no solution ? ”
We ’re answering : “ It 's possible , but better to live in another country . ”
This is Armenian Radio ; our listeners asked us : “ Is it possible to build socialism in one stand - alone country ? ”
This is Armenian Radio ; our listeners asked us : “ What is it that starts with an R and never ends ? ”
We ’re answering : “ Because in Pravda there is no news , and in Izvestiya there is no truth . ”
This is Armenian Radio ; our listeners asked us : “ Why do we need two central newspapers , Pravda ( Truth ) and Izvestiya ( News ) if both are organs of the same Party ? ”
We ’re answering : “ Yes , but the Constitution of the USA also guarantees freedom after the speech . ”
This is Armenian Radio ; our listeners asked us : “ What is the difference between the Constitutions of the USA and USSR ? ” Both guarantee freedom of speech . ”
We ’re answering : “ It 's when everything will be available in stores .
In other words , like it was under the Tsar Nicholas the Second . ”
This is Armenian Radio ; our listeners asked us : “ What is communism ? ”
We ’re answering : “ First snow would become available only through ration cards , and later snow would be distributed only to the KGB officers and their families . ”
This is Armenian Radio ; our listeners asked us : “ What if socialism were built in Greenland ? ”
We ’re answering : “ Yes , it is a true .
One kind is those not capable of anything at all , and the other , those capable of anything whatsoever . ”
This is Armenian Radio ; our listeners asked us : “ Is it true that there are two kinds of people serving as deputies of the Supreme Soviet of the USSR , as members of the Supreme Court , and as Soviet diplomats ? ”
We ’re answering : “ The partners in the police team are always chosen in such a way that one of them knows how to read , the other how to write , and the third one , naturally , has to keep watch over those two intellectuals . ”
This is Armenian Radio ; our listeners asked us : “ Why policemen always walk the streets in teams of three ? ”
We ’re answering : “ No , but the struggle for peace will reach such degree that there will be no stone left intact on the earth . ”
This is Armenian Radio ; our listeners asked us : “ Will there be the third world war ? ”
We ’re answering : “ The report should be as follows : ‘ In the international running competition the General Secretary of the Communist Party took the honorable second place . ’
Mister Nixon came in one before last . ”
This is Armenian Radio ; our listeners asked us : “ When Nixon visited Moscow , he and Khrushchev ran around the Kremlin in a race .
Nixon came the first .
How should our media report on that ? ”
We ’re answering : “ Do n't mix up in the confrontation between the superpowers .
Drink coffee . ”
This is Armenian Radio ; our listeners asked us : “ Which tea is better , Chinese or Soviet - grown ? ”
We ’re answering : “ Sure . ” The same way as you criticized Stalin .
You had to lock yourself in your bedroom , hide under two , or better three covers , place a pillow , or better two pillows on top of the blankets over your head , and then whisper whatever your soul wishes about the dictator , strictly adhering to a five - minute limit . ”
This is Armenian Radio ; our listeners asked us : “ Was it possible to criticize Hitler ? ”
This is Armenian Radio ; our listeners asked us : “ Why is our government not in a hurry to land our men on the moon ? ”
We ’re answering : “ A few seconds before noon , you 'll hear a low - pitched tone followed by a high - pitched tone . ”
At that moment the time will be 12 noon , or at the most 12 and a quarter . ”
This is Armenian Radio ; our listeners asked us : “ How to find out the precise time of the day ? ”
This is Armenian Radio ; our listeners asked us : “ What is a Soviet musical duet ? ”
We ’re answering : “ No , because every Marshal also has a son . ”
This is Armenian Radio ; our listeners asked us : “ Can a son of a General become a Marshal ? ”
We ’re answering : “ When you walk into your boss 's office with your opinion and walk out with his . ”
This is Armenian Radio ; our listeners asked us : “ What is an exchange of opinions ? ”
We ’re answering : “ Of course , it 's an eight - hour workday : from eight am to eight pm . ”
This is Armenian Radio ; our listeners asked us : “ What is the duration of the workday in a socialist country ? ”
We ’re answering : “ At Lenin 's time , Russia was still only ankle - high in shit . ”
This is Armenian Radio ; our listeners asked us : “ Why Lenin wore regular shoes , but Stalin wore boots ? ”
This is Armenian Radio ; our listeners asked us : “ What to do if vodka interferes with the job ? ”
We ’re answering : “ Because citizens who happened to be next to him tried to wrest the gun from him and shouted , ‘ Let me shoot ! ’ ”
This is Armenian Radio ; our listeners asked us : “ Why did the man who shot at a government limousine on the Red Square miss the target ? ”
This is Armenian Radio ; our listeners asked us : “ What is the easiest way to explain the meaning of the word ‘ communism ’ ? ”
We ’re answering : “ Because Russians helped Hungarians to get rid of one totalitarian rule , but Americans do n't help to get rid of the other . ”
This is Armenian Radio ; our listeners asked us : “ Why some people say that Hungarians love the Russians and hate the Americans ? ”
We ’re answering : “ Just rest for a while on a sofa .
It will pass . ”
This is Armenian Radio ; our listeners asked us : “ What shall we do if suddenly we feel a desire to work ? ”
We ’re answering : “ It 's possible , but why ?
Did Switzerland really do something wrong to you ? ”
This is Armenian Radio ; our listeners asked us : “ Is it possible to build socialism in Switzerland ? ”
This is Armenian Radio ; our listeners asked us : “ What to do if a man you do n't know takes a seat at your table in a pub and starts to sigh ? ”
We ’re answering : “ Of course , not .
By that time , all citizens will have learned how to arrest themselves . ”
This is Armenian Radio ; our listeners asked us : “ Will the police still exist when communism is built ? ”
We ’re answering : “ Rush to Siberia at once in order not to be crushed in the stampede . ”
This is Armenian Radio ; our listeners asked us : “ What should we do if the Western borders of the USSR were opened ? ”
We ’re answering : “ Horizon is an imaginary line which moves away each time you approach it . ”
This is Armenian Radio ; our listeners asked us : “ We are told that the communism is already seen at the horizon . ”
Then , what is a horizon ? ”
We ’re answering : “ We had to make some changes in our staff .
The previous broadcaster , while reading an article that contained the words ‘ Socialism is nothing as compared with communism , ’ made a pause too long after the word ‘ nothing . ’ ”
This is Armenian Radio ; our listeners asked us : “ Why did you not broadcast for such a long time ? ”
We ’re answering : “ The English fairy tale start with ‘ Once upon a time …’ , and ours with ‘ It will be soon … ’ ”
This is Armenian Radio ; our listeners asked us : “ What is the difference between Russian and English fairy tales ? ”
We ’re answering : “ Nobody can tell . ”
Somebody has stolen yesterday the exact results of the next elections from the office of the Central Committee of the USSR . ”
This is Armenian Radio ; our listeners asked us : “ What will be the results of the next elections ? ”
We ’re answering : “ Yes , it 's true , but on the other hand the Soviet - made transistors are the largest in the world . ”
This is Armenian Radio ; our listeners asked us : “ Is it true that American skyscrapers are the tallest in the world ? ”
This is Armenian Radio ; our listeners asked us : “ Is it possible to make ends meet on salary alone ? ”
We ’re answering : “ Capitalist trade means everything is to be sold .
Socialist trade means everything is to be bought . ”
This is Armenian Radio ; our listeners asked us : “ What is the difference between the capitalist and the socialist trade ? ”
We ’re answering : “ In a capitalist society man exploits man , and in a socialist one , the other way around . ”
This is Armenian Radio ; our listeners asked us : “ What is the difference between capitalism and socialism ? ”
This is Armenian Radio ; our listeners asked us : “ What is the most permanent feature of our socialist economy ? ”
We ’re answering : “ No , because everything will be already pilfered during socialism . ”
This is Armenian Radio ; our listeners asked us : “ When the final phase of socialism , namely communism , is built , will there still be thefts and pilfering ? ”
We ’re answering : “ It 's possible , but who will we buy grain from ? ”
This is Armenian Radio ; our listeners asked us : “ Is it possible to build communism in America ? ”
This is Armenian Radio ; our listeners asked us : “ Will people have money when communism is built ? ”
1 Ivanov applied to the Communist Party .
The party committee conducts an interview .
" Comrade Ivanov , do you smoke ? "
" Yes , I do a little . "
" Do you know that comrade Lenin did not smoke and advised other communists not to smoke ? "
" If comrade Lenin said so , I shall cease smoking . "
" Do you drink ? " " Yes , a little . "
" Comrade Lenin strongly condemned drunkenness . "
" Then I shall cease drinking . " " Comrade Ivanov , what about women ? " " A little .... "
" Do you know that comrade Lenin strongly condemned amoral behavior ? "
" If comrade Lenin condemned , I shall not love them any longer . "
" Comrade Ivanov , will you be ready to sacrifice your life for the Party ? "
" Of course .
Who needs such life ? "
2 Karl Marx was resurrected and came to the USSR .
He was shown factories , hospitals , cities and villages , etc .
Finally , he requested to be allowed to make a speech on TV .
The Politburo hesitated as they were afraid he might say something they would n't approve .
Marx promised he would say only one sentence .
Under this condition , the Politburo agreed .
Karl Marx uttered the following sentence : " Workers of all countries , forgive me . "
3 A rabbit ran wildly in the street .
" Why are you running like mad ? " a bear asked .
" Do n't you know , they are now arresting all camels and castrating them . "
" But you 're rabbit , not a camel . "
" Right , but if they catch you , and cut off your nuts , then you can prove that you 're not a camel !
4 At a meeting in a factory , a lecturer from the district Party committee tells the workers about their bright future in the USSR .
" See , comrades , after this five - year plan is completed , every family will have a separate apartment .
After the next five - year plan is completed , every worker will have a car !
And after one more five - year plan is completed , every family will own an airplane ! "
From the audience , somebody asks , " What the hell one may need an airplane for ? "
" Do n't you see comrades ?
Let 's say , there are shortages in potatoes supplies in your city .
No problem !
You take your own plane , fly to Moscow and buy potatoes ! "
5 A Polish tourist comes back home after visiting the USSR .
He carries two very large and heavy suitcases .
On his wrist is a new Soviet - made watch .
He tells the customs man : " This is a new Soviet watch .
It 's a wonder unknown in the capitalist countries .
You see , it shows time , the rate of your pulse beats , the phases of the Moon , the weather in Warsaw , Moscow , and New York , and more and more ! "
" Yes , it 's a wonder , " the customs man agrees .
" And what is it you have in these big suitcases ? "
" Oh , it 's just the batteries for that watch . "
6 An old wench waited for two hours to get in a bus .
Bus after bus came full and she could n't squeeze herself in .
When she finally managed to crawl in , she wiped her forehead , and said , " Finally , glory to God ! "
The driver said , " Mother , you must not say that .
You must say ' Glory to comrade Stalin . "
" Excuse me , comrade , " the woman said .
" I 'm just a backward old woman .
I 'll say from now on as you told me . "
After a while , she said , " Excuse me , comrade , I am old and stupid .
What shall I say if , God forbid , Stalin dies ? "
" Oh , mother , then you shall say , " ' Glory to God ! "
7 At a May Day parade , a very old Jew carries a slogan , " Thank you , comrade Stalin , for my happy childhood ! "
The Party representative approaches the old man .
" What 's that ?
Are you deriding our Party ?
Everybody can see , when you were a child , comrade Stalin was not yet born ! "
" That 's precisely what I 'm grateful to him for ! " the Jew said .
8 A woman walking in the street is carrying a bag full of rolls of toilet paper .
A passer - by opens his mouth , " Hey , mother , where did you buy it ? "
" Buy ?
Are you crazy ?
Where could I buy it nowadays ?
They are five years old .
I am taking them back from the cleaners . "
9 A man came home and found his wife in bed with a stranger .
Furious , the man shouted , " You , good - for nothing , look at what you 're spending your time for , while at the corner store they 're selling eggs , and they have only three boxes left ! "
10 Two brothers , John , and Bob , who lived in America and were members of the communist party , decided to emigrate to the USSR .
Even though they did n't believe the American media 's negative reports on the conditions in the USSR , they decided to exercise caution .
First , only John would go to Russia to test the waters .
If , contrary to the media reports , the living conditions would be found good , and the reports about persecutions by the KGB false , than John would write a letter to Bob using black ink whose color would signify that the letter is to be taken at face value .
If , though , the situation in the USSR happened to be bad , and John would be afraid of writing the truth , he would use red ink thus indicating that whatever he says in the letter must not be believed .
In three months John sent his first report .
It was in black ink and read , " Dear brother Bob !
I 'm so happy here !
It 's a beautiful country , I enjoy complete freedom , and high standard of living .
All the capitalist press wrote was lies .
Everything is readily available !
There is only one small thing of which there 's shortage , namely red ink . "
11 An inspecting commission came to a lunatics asylum .
To greet them , a choir of the patients sang a song from a popular movie that says " Oh , how good it is to live in the Soviet land ! "
The commission noticed that one of the men did not sing .
" Why are you not singing ? " " I 'm not crazy , I 'm a nurse here . "
12 A Jew applied for a visa to leave for America .
As his reason , he indicated that he had a brother in America who fell ill and needed help .
The officials at the passport office said , " Then why wo n't your brother rather come over here ? "
" My brother is sick , but he 's not mentally sick . "
13 A Russian , a Frenchman and an Englishman argued about Adam 's nationality .
The Frenchman said , " Of course Adam was French .
Look how passionately he made love to Eve ! "
The Englishman said , " Of course Adam was British .
Look how he gave his only apple to the lady , like a real gentleman . "
The Russian said , " Of course Adam only could be Russian .
Who else , possessing nothing but a sole apple , and walking with a naked ass , still believed he was in a paradise ? "
14 To alleviate the perennial shortages of butter , The Politburo of the Communist Party ordered the Soviet scientists to develop a technology for converting shit into butter , and to complete this project on or before the anniversary of the Great October Socialist Revolution .
After six months of work , the Politburo demanded an interim progress report .
The scientists reported that they had achieved a 50 % success .
The party requested elaboration .
The reply from the Academy of Sciences explained , " One can already spread it , but not yet eat it . "
15 A judge walks out of the courtroom , laughing loudly .
A colleague asks , " What is it you laugh about ? "
" Ah , I just heard an excellent anecdote , " the judge says , sweeping tears of laughter .
" An anecdote ?
Tell me ! "
" Are you crazy ?
I just sentenced a man to ten years for that anecdote . "
16 A delegation of foreign communists came to see a Moscow kindergarten .
Before they came , the kids were instructed to answer every question by the visitors with just one sentence , " In the USSR everything is the best in the world . "
The visitors came and asked their questions : " Children , do you like your kindergarten ? "
" In the USSR everything is the best in the world ! " the kids shouted .
" And what about the food you get ? "
" In the USSR everything is the best in the world ! " " Do you like your toys ? "
" In the USSR everything is the best in the world ! "
At that , the smallest boy in the group started crying .
" Misha , why are you crying ?
What happened ? " " I want to go to the USSR ! "
17 In the time of Stalin 's mass purges , a knock at the door woke a family in the middle of night .
All family members , shaking in terror , jumped up .
" Take all you can carry with you , and get out at once , " a voice sounded .
" But , for God 's sake , do n't panic !
It 's me , your neighbour .
It is nothing serious , just our house is on fire . "
18 The year is 2010 .
In Moscow , a boy asks , " Grandpa , what is a line ? "
" You see , some twenty years back , there was not enough meat in stores , so people had to form long queues at the stores ' entrances and wait hoping some meat would appear on sale .
That was called line .
Did you get it ? "
" Yes , Grandpa .
And what is meat ? "
19 In the Olympics , a Soviet hammer thrower set a new record .
Correspondents interviewed him .
" How did you manage to hurl that hammer so far ? "
" If it were together with a sickle , I would send it twice as far . "
20 On the occasion of the anniversary of the Great October Socialist Revolution , a meeting of Party members is held in a village .
The Chairman of the local Soviet gives a speech , " Dear comrades !
Let 's look at the amazing achievements of our Party after the revolution .
For example , here sits Maria .
Who was she before ?
An illiterate peasant woman , she had but one dress and no shoes .
And now ?
She is an exemplary milkmaid known over the entire region .
Or look at Ivan Andreev .
He was the poorest man in this village , had no horse , no cow , and even no axe .
And now ?
He is a tractor driver , and has two pairs of shoes !
Or look at Trofim Semenovich Alekseev .
He was a nasty hooligan , a lowest drunkard , a dirty gadabout .
Nobody trusted him even with a snowdrift in wintertime , as he would steal anything his gaze fell upon .
And now he 's a Secretary of the Party Committee ! "
21 Seven paradoxes of the socialist state : Nobody works , but the plan is always fulfilled .
The plan is fulfilled , but the shelves in the stores are empty .
The shelves are empty , but nobody starves ; nobody starves , but everybody is unhappy ; everybody is unhappy , but nobody complains ; nobody complains , but the jails are full .
22 A man walked into the district committee of the Communist Party and said , " I wish to join the Party .
Where should I start ? " " Visit a Psychiatrist . "
23 Some thirty people gathered to celebrate the birthday of the host .
After a few bottles of vodka were imbibed , the tongues got loose , and the guests started telling political jokes .
Through laughter , a voice sounded , " Comrades , please , it 's too noisy .
In such a noise , I can't hear the jokes .
I am writing it down , you know . "
A man sitting next to the one who 's writing down , says admiringly , " How do you manage to write down that fast ? "
" Oh , I 'm writing down only the initials . "
24 In a school , a survey was a conducted among the students .
One of the questions was " Would you suggest a classification of Soviet citizens in accordance with any criterion you may choose ? "
The son of a KGB officer answered : ' There are three categories of Soviet people , namely , 1 ) those who have already been to prison ; 2 ) those who are now in prison , and 3 ) those who will be in prison . "
25 An university Professor of Folklore asked his students , " Do you believe that with time anecdotes are being reevaluated ? " " Yes .
They used to give for an anecdote fifteen years , and now they give only three . "
26 A competition for the best anecdote has been announced .
First prize : twenty five years ; second prize : twenty years , and two condolence prizes : fifteen years each .
27 A man parked his car in the Red Square in Moscow .
A policeman rushed to him , shouting , " Are you crazy ?
Here is where the government is ! "
" No problem , " the man answered , " I 've good locks in my car . "
28 In a prison , two inmates share their experience .
" What did they arrest you for ? " one of them asks .
" Was it a political or common crime ? " " Of course political .
I 'm a plumber .
They summoned me to the district Party committee to fix the sewage pipes .
I looked and said , ' Hey , the entire system requires replacement . '
So , they gave me seven years . "
29 In Odessa , a lecturer gave a public talk entitled " Is there life on Mars ? "
When he finished , he asked , " Any questions ? " " Yes .
When will we have a life in Odessa ? "
30 A woman walks into a food store .
" Do you have any meat ? " " No , we do n't . "
" What about milk ? " " We only deal with meat .
Across the street there is that store where they have no milk . "
31 A guard asked a political prisoner , " What is your term ? " " Ten years . "
" What for ? " " For nothing . "
" What a lie !
For nothing they give only five years . "
32 A man died and was sent to the paradise .
After a while , he became bored with the paradise , with the eternal quiet , abundance of flowers , absence of worries .
So he requested to let him visit the hell as a tourist .
God consented .
In the hell , he saw people playing cards , drinking wine , and making love .
He liked it very much and upon return to the paradise applied for a transfer to hell for good .
God consented .
As soon a he appeared at the hell 's gate , demons grabbed him and pushed him into a barrel with hot tar .
" Stop it !
I was here with a visit and saw the people drinking vodka , playing cards , making love . "
" Do n't confuse the area designated for tourists and sustained by the Propaganda Department , with this area which is for residents . "
33 Two former schoolmates met in the street .
" Where do you work ? " " I am a school teacher .
And what about you ? "
" I work for the KGB . "
" Oh , and what are you doing at the KGB ? "
" We unearth those who are dissatisfied . "
" You mean , there are also some who are satisfied ? "
" Those who are satisfied are dealt with by the Division for the Fight Against the Embezzlements of the Socialist Property . "
34 A frightened man came to the KGB " My talking parrot disappeared . "
" This is not our case .
Go to the criminal police . "
" Excuse me .
Of course I know that I have to go to them .
I am here just to tell you officially that I disagree with that parrot . "
35 A mummy was found in Egypt .
The archaeologists could not determine its origin .
Then a Soviet advisor offered his help .
The mummy was delivered to the Soviet embassy .
In two hours the Soviet advisor appeared and said , " His name was Amenkhotep 23 rd . "
" How did you find out ? "
" He confessed , " the advisor said .
36 A Japanese worker was sent to Russia to fix a piece of Japanese machinery .
The Japanese worked his eight hours a day without speaking to anybody .
In a month , his contract expired .
Before leaving for Japan , the guest said with tears in his eyes , " Me apologize , me good worker .
Me know workers solidarity .
But me has contract , me has to work , me apologize for not participating in your long strike . "
37 A Russian , a Frenchman and an American argued who was the bravest man .
The American said , " For example , we take ten cars of which one has no brakes .
We throw dice , each of us gets a car , we drive on a mountain road .
Afterwards one of us is in a hospital , and the other nine visit him there . "
" That 's nothing , " the Frenchman said .
" We choose ten girls and one of them has AIDS .
We throw dice and each one of us gets a girl , and we make love to them throughout the night .
Afterwards one of us is in a hospital , and the other nine visit him . "
The Russian said , " We gather in an apartment , even though we know that one of us must be an informer .
We tell political jokes throughout the night , and then nine are in jail , and one visits the nine there . "
38 A foreign delegation came unexpectedly to a collective farm .
There was no time to prepare .
After they left , the Chairman of the collective farm called the District Party committee .
" You did n't warn me in advance , so they saw everything , the ruined cow sheds , and all the dirt , and all our misery and poverty . "
" Do n't worry , " the Party secretary said .
" But now they will tell about it all over the world . "
" So , let them indulge in their usual slander , " the Party secretary said .
39 In a school in the republic of Georgia the teacher asked the students to tell about their fathers .
" Turashvili , tell about your father . "
" My father grows oranges .
He takes them to Moscow , sells there and makes good money . "
" Now you , Beridze . "
" My father grows laurel leaves .
He takes them to Moscow , sells there , and makes good money . "
" Now you , Klividze . "
" My father works in the Division for the Fight Against Embezzlements and Speculations .
When Beridze 's and Turashvili's fathers go to Moscow , they always first see my father .
So he makes good money . "
" Now you , Chavchavadze . "
" My father is a chemical engineer . "
The class burst in laughter .
" Children , " the teacher said .
" It 's not good to laugh at somebody 's grief . "
40 There was an international competition for the best book about elephants .
France submitted a lavishly illustrated volume titled " Love triangles in the elephants ' families . "
England presented a treatise " Elephants and the World Trade . "
Germany submitted 24 volume set under the title " Introduction into elephantology . "
The USA furnished one million copies of a leaflet announcing a sweepstakes , " Win an Elephant .
No purchase necessary . "
The USSR sent three volumes , with the following titles , Vol. 1 . Role of elephants in the Great October Socialist Revolution .
Vol .
2 . The happy life of elephants under the sun of the most progressive in the world Soviet Constitution .
Vol. 3 . Russia - the Motherland of elephants .
41 In a questionnaire for applicants to the communist Party membership one of the questions was , " What is your attitude to the Soviet authority ? "
One applicant answered , " The same as to my wife . "
To the request to elaborate , the applicant explained , " First , I love her ; second , I fear her ; third , I wish I had another one . "
42 Bedbugs appeared in the house occupied by the secretary of the region Party committee .
The Party boss summoned an expert on insects and asked him how to get rid of bedbugs .
The expert said , " The best way is to organize a collective farm for bedbugs .
Then half of them will flee , and the rest will croak . "
43 Khrushchev visited a pig farm and was photographed there .
In a newspaper 's office , a discussion is under way what should be the caption under the picture .
" Comrade Khrushchev among pigs , " " Comrade Khrushchev and pigs , " " Pigs around comrade Khrushchev , " -- all is rejected .
Finally the editor makes the decision .
The caption is " The third from left - comrade Khrushchev . "
44 Once Stalin received a delegation of workers from the Urals .
When the workers left , Stalin looked around for his pipe but did not see it .
He called the Chairman of the KGB Lavrentiy Beria and said , " Lavrentiy Pavlovich , my pipe disappeared after the visit of those workers . "
" Yes , Yosif Vissarionovich , I 'll immediately take proper measures . "
Ten minutes later , Stalin pulled out a drawer in his desk and saw his pipe .
He struck a match , puffed out a ring of smoke , and dialed Beria 's number .
" Lavrentiy Pavlovich , my pipe 's been found . "
" What a pity , " Beria said .
" All of them have already confessed . "
45 In the Red Square in Moscow , a line is snaking toward the Lenin 's tomb .
A change of guard is watched by the onlookers .
A kid asks , " Daddy , why do they always keep guard at the tomb ? "
" Did n't you hear what they say all the time ?
Lenin lived , Lenin is alive , Lenin will live forever .
What if , God forbid , he is indeed alive , and decides to walk out of the tomb ? "
46 Once Stalin invited several Marshals of the Soviet Union and ordered them to wrestle in front of him on a carpet .
Marshal Tukhachevsky won all rounds .
This angered Stalin .
He ordered to summon Marshal Timoshenko who was a very big man .
Timoshenko arrived and easily overpowered Tukhachevsky .
As Tukhachevsky fell to the carpet , he hit his head .
Timoshenko , putting in order his uniform , loudly expressed regret .
" Do n't worry , comrade Timoshenko , " Stalin said .
" He will not need his head any longer . "
47 Stalin summons the famous writer Sholokhov .
" I 've read your novel " The reclaimed land " .
It 's very good , I like it .
I thought , why wo n't you write an article , say ' If the enemy does n't surrender , he 's to be finished off ? "
" I am afraid I may not be able to tackle it , comrade Stalin .
Lately my health is not that well . "
" We 'll help you .
We 'll send you to Georgia for a while , you 'll have there some wine , and grapes . "
" Yes , comrade Stalin .
Then please let me bid farewell to my family . "
" Why ? "
" In case the article is not successful . "
48 During the war , Stalin discussed with Marshal Zhukov the plans for a new offensive .
" What do you think , comrade Zhukov , what direction should we choose for the attack ? "
" West , comrade Stalin . "
" Go and think , comrade Zhukov ! "
As Zhukov walked out , he muttered , " What a pig ! " Stalin 's secretary Poskrebyshev overheard the Marshal and reported to Stalin .
Zhukov was ordered back to Stalin 's office .
" Whom did you have in mind when you said ' What a pig ? '
Stalin asked .
" Of course , I meant Hitler , " Zhukov said .
" Then whom did you have in mind , comrade Poskrebyshev ? " Stalin said .
49 Stalin summoned Radek and said , " I know you spread jokes about me .
It 's impertinent . "
" Why ? "
" I am the Great Leader , Teacher , and Friend of the people after all . "
" No , I 've not told anybody this joke . "
50 Stalin walked into Lenin 's office and asked , " Vladimir Ilyich , may I order to shoot a dozen communists ? "
" If the interests of the Party demand it , by all means , " Lenin answered .
" Vladimir Ilyich , if necessary , may we shoot one hundred communists ? "
" If necessary , the answer is Yes . "
" Vladimir Ilyich , may we , if need be , shoot one thousand Party members ? "
" If there is a real need , yes . "
" Vladimir Ilyich , may we , if the situation demands , shoot one million of Party Members ? "
" Eh , Iosif Vissarionovich , now we 'll criticize you in a comradely way , and may even say to you that you exaggerate a little . "
At the start of the period , the Abbasids ruled Bactria ( northern Afghanistan ) , where they allowed the local Buddhists , Hindus , and Zoroastrians to keep their religions if they paid a poll tax .
Many , however , voluntarily accepted Islam , especially among the landowners and the educated upper urban classes .
Its high culture was more accessible than their own and they could avoid paying the heavy tax .
The Turki Shahis , allied with the Tibetans , ruled Kabul , where Buddhism and Hinduism were flourishing .
The Buddhist rulers and spiritual leaders might easily have worried that a similar phenomenon , conversion out of convenience , would happen there .
The Turki Shahis ruled the region until 870 CE , losing control of it only between 815 and 819 .
During those four years , the Abbasid Caliph al - Ma'mun invaded Kabul and forced the ruling shah to submit to him and accept Islam .
To represent his submission , the Kabul Shah presented the Caliph , as a gift , a gold Buddha statue from Subahar Monastery .
As a sign of the triumph of Islam , Caliph al - Ma'mun sent the enormous statue , with its silver throne and jeweled crown , to Mecca and displayed it there at the Kaaba for two years .
In doing so , the caliph was demonstrating his authority to rule the entire Islamic world after vanquishing his brother in a civil war .
He did not force all the Buddhists of Kabul to convert , however , nor did he destroy the monasteries .
He did not even smash , as an idol , the Buddha statue that the Kabul Shah had presented him , but sent it instead to Mecca as booty .
After the Abbasid army withdrew to fight against movements for autonomy in other parts of their empire , the Buddhist monasteries quickly recovered .
The next period in which the Kabul region came under Islamic rule was also short , between 870 and 879 CE .
It was conquered by the Saffarid rulers of an autonomous military state , remembered for its harshness and destruction of local cultures .
The conquerors sent many Buddhist “ idols ” back as war trophies to the Abbasid caliph .
When the successors to the Turki Shahis , the Hindu Shahis , retook the region , Buddhism and the monasteries once more recovered their previous splendor .
The Turkic Ghaznavids conquered eastern Afghanistan from the Hindu Shahis in 976 CE , but did not destroy the Buddhist monasteries there .
As vassals of the Abbasids , the Ghaznavids too were strict followers of Sunni Islam .
Although they tolerated Buddhism and Hinduism in eastern Afghanistan , their second ruler , Mahmud of Ghazni , launched a campaign against the Abbasid rivals , the Ismaili state of Multan .
Mahmud conquered Multan in 1008 CE , driving the Hindu Shahis from Gandhara and Oddiyana on the way .
The Hindu Shahis had allied themselves with Multan .
Wherever he conquered , Mahmud looted the wealth from the Hindu temples and Buddhist monasteries , and consolidated his power .
After this victory in Multan , and driven undoubtedly by greed for more land and wealth , Mahmud pressed his invasion further eastward .
He conquered the present - day Indian Punjab , known in those days as " Delhi . "
However , when the Ghaznavid troops pushed northward from Delhi to the foothills of Kashmir , chasing after the remnants of the Hindu Shahis in 1015 or 1021 , depending on the sources one uses , they were defeated , purportedly by the use of mantras .
This was the first attack on Kashmir attempted by a Muslim army .
The Kalachakra description of the future invasion and defeat of the non-Indic forces in Delhi is most likely , then , a conflation of the Multanese threat to the Abbasids and Ghaznavids with the Ghaznavid threat to Kashmir .
